Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3492: Targeted

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Fan Taihe, Bai Hongcai, Tu Liang, Wu Jiashan, and He Xiyun, four men and one woman. They were all in the Enlightenment Tier, and every single one of them had been robbed by Ling Han.

Ling Han? Only then did Bai Hongcai cast a sideways glance at Ling Han, appearing disdainful.

What is it? Ling Han asked smilingly. If these five people knew that he was the one who had robbed them, what kind of expressions would they have?

His expression of arrogance had been misplaced.

Our boss would like to invite you over, Tu Liang continued.

Ling Han chuckled, Who is your boss?

Big Brother Wang Yu, Fan Taihe declared proudly.

Mystery Realm Tier elite, Lord Feis eldest disciple! Wu Jiashan added. Ling Han gave an oh. He understood internally. Previously, it was because the matter of the mysterious looter was too troublesome, and Wang Yu probably did not have the energy to deal with him. Now, he had finally thought of

himself.

What was his motive?

Of course, it was the Young Dragons Inheritance. He didnt need to think to

know.

He shook his head, I am very busy, and have no time to deal with your so-called boss. If there is anything, let him come himself.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Ling Han, are you ungrateful? Bai Hongcai said balefully.

Ling Han laughed in spite of himself, You guys have come to my house to holler, and actually come to rebuke me? Hehe, farewell, but dont forget to leave some money for repairing the doors. He pointed at the door that had been kicked open.

Hahahaha! Bai Hongcai and the others all laughed loudly.

Wasnt this funny? A mere Extreme Bone Tier actually dared to demand compensation from them?

-Hes been praised as one of the twin prodigies of the Imperial Capital. He thinks hes so great, and thinks far too highly of himself, He Xiyun said with a shake of her head. There was a look of disdain on her face.

-Brat you were able to get first place in the Young Dragon Trial because of the unique circumstances there, which decreased the cultivation level of elites. Tu Liang said coldly, But this is not the territory of the Young Dragon Trial. Ling Hans expression was strange, and he asked, Could it be that none of you went to find out what happened here?

Haha, a mere Extreme Bone Tier, what is there to find out? Bai Hongcai was the first to attack. With a leap, his speed was extremely fast.

Ling Han shook his head. With a thought, Absolute Fairnesss super-large formation was activated after returning, he naturally rearranged the formation foundations back. It could be said that without the arrival of Celestial Path elites, he was an invincible king here.

What! Bai Hongcai immediately exclaimed in shock. His cultivation level had actually been forcefully reduced to the Fifth Extreme.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and shot out a punch.

There was no need to use too much terrifying power. A casual punch, but just how much of a calamity was his casual punch to an ordinary Fifth Extreme?

Peng!

It was only a single punch, and Bai Hongcai had been sent flying. Thankfully, Ling Han had really only thrown a casual punch, and his power was extremely limited. Otherwise, he would definitely have been turned into a mist of blood.

Even so, he was still lying on the ground, unable to get up no matter what.

Ling Han looked towards the other four people, and asked with a smile, What did you guys say again?

F***, there was actually a formation here as well, that could forcibly weaken ones cultivation level!

The four pf tje, were all astounded. After activating the formation, their cultivation level had already become Fifth Extreme, so how could they be a match for a four-star genius?bender

Lets go, lets go! The four people hurriedly lifted Bai Hongcai up, turned and fled.

You can leave, but dont forget the money to repair the doors, Ling Han said calmly.

The four of them didnt dare to say anything. They hurriedly threw down a bag of jade seeds, then carried Bai Hongcai out the door.

The moment they left, they became arrogant.

Ling Han, do you dare to come out? they shouted.

Ling Han was naturally not going to fall for it. If he went out, he would have no problem battling against those in the early stage and middle stage of Enlightenment Tier. If he used the Three Styles of God of War, it would not be difficult for him to instantly defeat those in the late stage of Enlightenment Tier, but in that way, it was possible that his identity as the robber would be exposed.

He decided to keep a low profile. Only then would he be able to silently make a fortune.

If you have the ability, come in! the children shouted in unison.

You guys come out! Bai Hongcai and the others also shouted.

You guys come in!

All of you, come out!

The toddlers giggled. In any case, they were all small, so no matter how much they fussed, others would only think that they were mischievous. But on the other side, it was a different story. Four adults were actually challenging a few toddlers; wasnt that embarrassing?

Thus, after cursing for a while, Fan Taihe and the others shut their mouths, and left with Bai Hongcai in tow.

After explaining the situation, Wang Yu immediately summoned others for a discussion.

This Ling Han is actually also a formations prodigy, setting up a formation in his home that can weaken the cultivation level of elites. He frowned, Even Enlightenment Tier elites would be affected, and probably Mystery Realm Tier is no exception.

Then what do we do? If he hides in his home, we can only watch helplessly? Ceng Ruixuan immediately asked.

Chen Fengyan hasnt appeared for a long time, and his deterrence ability is getting weaker by the day. Not long after, more elites will definitely come here, Xiang Teng said. By then, there will definitely be even more people targeting the Young Dragons Inheritance, and we may not be able to succeed. Hence, we must apprehend this person as soon as possible, and force out the Young Dragons Inheritance. Wang Yu nodded.

Although his master had the highest cultivation level in the Imperial Capital at the moment, there were still many other cultivators in Cauldron Forging Tier outside. In fact, it wouldnt be long before Core Formation Tier elites or even Spiritual infant Tier and Spirit Transformation Tier elites appeared.

If they did not take advantage of this time to obtain the Young Dragons inheritance, they would definitely have no chance in the future.

Wang Yu thought for a moment, then said, I will ask for Masters help, to bestow a treasure to us that can cancel out the formations suppression. Then well have to depend on Big Brother Wang, everyone said.

Although Foundation Building Tier cultivators definitely wouldnt be affected by Ling Hans formation, they had to personally come to resist the formations pressurethey couldnt help others achieve the same result just by bestowing a treasure.

Wang Yu nodded. He was the boss of this small team. At a time like this, he had to come up with something. Otherwise, how was he supposed to gather the hearts of the masses?

Ling Han felt that it was about time for him to break through to the Inscription Tier.

Relatively speaking, the significance of this was inferior to the Seventh Extreme.

This was very normal. How many Inscription Tier elites were there in this world, and how many Seventh Extremes were there?

Ling Han had enough Treasured Fruits of Life in his possession, and he had already made all the necessary preparations. He was only one step away. He sat down in a cross-legged position, and stimulated the explosion of his level of being.

Boom, the power in his body instantly surged out, beginning to break through the shackles.

Pa the first restriction was the first to shatter, and on Ling Hans heart, a light veined pattern appeared, exuding golden light, possessing an indescribable majesty.

Inscription Tier meant to carve an inscribed pattern on their body so that their internal organs would be protected, greatly increasing the cultivators defenses.

For example, for an Extreme Bone Tier cultivator, even if he had the power of an inscription Tier cultivator, after sustaining a heavy blow, it was possible that his bones would not shatter continuously, but his internal organs would be crushed into mush by the massive power.

It was different for Inscription Tier cultivators. When they suffered a heavy blow, the veined patterns on their organs would take effect, cancelling out the power of the blow.

Moreover, inscriptions could also be used for attack.

This veined pattern was not something that he had come up with on his own, but had formed naturally after he had advanced into this level.

The inscribed patterns that each person formed would be different, but they were more or less the same. There wouldnt be much difference.

Unless!