Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3500: Breaking through to Two Inscriptions

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Though Gu Ping’s reply was sincere, and his whole heart was set on submitting, Ling Han had lived for so many years, so how could he trust him so easily?

Thus, he naturally had made preparations. If Gu Ping was sincere, that was naturally best. If he was not, then he too had a backup plan.

“This ending is naturally very good.” Princess Bixiao nodded.

“Can you lend me that dress of yours for a few days?” Ling Han asked.

“What do you want?” Princess Bixiao immediately asked sternly.

“Tear the seams to make a jacket.”

“Get lost!”

The two of them returned to the Imperial Capital, and also brought back Gu Ping’s submission notice. All of a sudden, the Imperial Capital was in an uproar.

Although everyone knew that with Chen Fengyan’s current intimidation ability, Foundation Building Tier cultivators were completely unqualified to oppose him, there was also a saying that the emperor was too far away to exert any control. Aside from Chen Fengyan, there was no one that could deal with Celestial Path elites, and they could completely ignore them.

The prerequisite was that they didn’t enter the Imperial Capital shamelessly. After all, everyone had already witnessed the might of the Formation Spirit. Thus, the fact that Ling Han and Princess Bixiao had conquered Yang Lin Sect and gotten off to a good start still stunned everyone slightly.

Most importantly, once they started, it would definitely shake the will of a great many forces. In fact, they might even take the initiative to surrender.

Ling Han announced that in the one month from now onwards, as long as one submitted to the Dark North Nation, he would be able to get a position as an official in the Foreign Affairs Department. As for a month later? Hehe, then there would not be such generous conditions.

When the news spread out, all the forces were hesitant.

For Celestial Path Tier elites like them to pledge allegiance to a native Majestic Empire, they were unwilling to do so from the bottom of their hearts. However, Chen Fengyan was still cultivating in seclusion, so what if he suddenly came knocking on their doors one day?

It was extremely likely that this Holy Emperor was a Core Formation Tier elite. Even in prison, he could be considered an elite.

Most importantly, the elites in the prison wouldn’t be able to come out for a while. No one could stand against Chen Fengyan.

Since that was the case, it would be better for them to surrender. If they submitted now, there would still be preferential treatment.

Not many days later, Ling Han received several letters of surrender.

Ling Han and Princess Bixiao set out again to visit each of them.. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

They had surrendered, so they had to go and take a look to appease the hearts of the people. At the same time, they also had to go as a show of the imperial prestige. Additionally, they still had to collect some benefits.

In this one month, Ling Han and Princess Bixiao could be said to have not stopped at all. Even if their abilities were extraordinary, they were still very tired.

Thankfully, their gains were also very astonishing, and they did not tire of it They wanted nothing more than to have four or eight legs, so that they could run faster.

In this one month, Ling Han and Princess Bixiao did not have Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others move out alone. Because they wanted to express the importance they attached to the forces that had submitted to them, the two Department Chiefs naturally had to personally pay them a visit.

A month later, after the preferential period that Ling Han had set, the Foreign Affairs Department would also put on airs, and those forces that had submitted after that would be taken over by their subordinates.

In total, there were a total of seventeen sects that had submitted applications for surrender during this period. However, Ling Han and Princess Bixiao had only travelled to eleven places, and there were still six forces that they had not visited. Because they had all surrendered within a month’s time, Ling Han and Princess Bixiao would still take them in under the same conditions.

The two of them continued to work hard, and spent close to twenty days to finish the journey to the remaining six sects.

After running to these places, they felt much more relaxed.

However, there were only these dozen over forces that had taken the initiative to hand over the surrender letter, and the remaining were still waiting and watching.

In their eyes, the Dark North Nation would eventually fall. No matter how powerful Chen Fengyan was, could he defeat those higher ups in prison?

Spirit Transformation Tier elites could be called True Lords, and even in the universe, they were extraordinary beings. Any higher than that, and they would be able to establish a great sect, and become great elites on the level of Sect Masters!

Moreover, it would only take three to five years for these True Lord to escape, and it was possible that it would be even shorter. In such a short amount of time, how could Chen Fengyan possibly soar to such heights?

What a joke.

Thus, why should they rely on a Majestic Empire that was destined to fall?

Even if they wanted to cling to someone powerful, they would have to cling to those True Lords in the prison.

Ling Han and Princess Bixiao finally had some free time. They decided to rest for a few days, and focus their energy on cultivating.

In these two months, Ling Han had already cultivated to the peak of One Inscription, and could attempt breaking through to Two Inscriptions. And in the case of Princess Bixiao, she was astonishingly talented, and planned to attempt leaping over the Celestial Gate, and advance into Celestial Path.

The two of them delegated the matters of the department to Hu Er, Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others, while they began their seclusion.

After Ling Han advanced into Inscription Tier, the first inscription was bestowed by the heavens, so there was no need for him to do anything. As long as his level of being was improved, he would be able to widen his meridians and accommodate more mystical power.

He had been doing this all this while, and now that his meridians had reached the pinnacle, he could open them up no further. This was the end of One Inscription.

Breaking through to Two Inscriptions.

Ling Han ingested the Treasured Fruit of Life and stimulated his level of being to leap forward.

The difficulty of Two Inscriptions lay in the fact that one had to “draw” the inscriptions on their own.

The first was bestowed by the heavens, and the second required one to personally outline and depict it. Thus, only then could one make any changes. Theoretically speaking, the further one progressed, the more powerful the inscriptions would become.

This time, Ling Han chose to use his liver to inscribe the second inscription. What he had to do was very simple, and that was to inscribe the Source Power into ink, and inscribe it on the liver.

His reference was naturally the first inscription. Though it was only an overwhelmingly simple “one”, but because the number of veined patterns had exceeded one million, it possessed unimaginable might.

This was as simple as it was complex, perfectly fusing the two together.

Thus, Ling Han decided to inscribe another “one” mark, but this time, he wanted to inscribe even more veined patterns.

There was a limited time for the level of being to advance. Ling Han had to complete it in such a short amount of time. Otherwise, when this process was over, the inscribed patterns would solidify, and by then, he would no longer be able to draw.

One streak, one streak, one streak. Ling Han continuously overlapped the patterns on the veined patterns. He counted them in his mind, as he pushed the level of being to leap forwards.

He continuously ingested the Treasured Fruit of Life. Inscribing veined patterns would consume a large amount of life force, and without enough Treasured Fruit of Life as support, he would definitely be thrashed dry.

10,000 streaks, 20,000 streaksa ; 100,000 streaks, 200,000 streaks. If an outsider could pierce through his internal organs, they would definitely think that Ling Han had made no progress at all, because the inscribed patterns were only a single word, and there was no change at all.

Only Ling Han himself knew that by now, the number of veined patterns he

had added had already reached 570,000.

It looked like all the veined patterns overlapped, but in truth, every veined pattern was slightly different. That was the understanding of the Dao of Heaven and Earth.

With Ling Han’s current cultivation level, he actually didn’t have such a deep understanding. However, he had observed his own inscribed patterns for so many days, so it wouldn’t be a problem if he copied them.

However, after exceeding one million, Ling Han’s speed suddenly decreased..