Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3515: Strike out of the blue

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Bu’er, what’s the situation?” Grand Tutor Hong also leaped out, feeling slightly guilty, and also filled with fury.

The content of their discussion just now could be considered treasonous. Though as long as it was not recorded, they could still deny it outright, they still felt a little guilty. And most importantly, this was the Hong Residence, and someone had actually snuck in?

Hong Tianbu frowned deeply. He had clearly sensed some movement, but when he ran out, he did not discover anything. This was very strange.

He trusted his senses. After fusing with the eye of an ancient vicious creature, his insight had increased by a few dozen to a hundred times.

Could it be that he had just been overly suspicious?

Hong Tianbu circled around two more times, then said to Grand Tutor Hong,

“Perhaps I saw wrongly.”

Only then did Grand Tutor Hong breathe a sigh of relief. ‘You can’t scare people

like this.’

“It’s getting late, you should rest early too,” he said to his grandson. With such

a disturbance, he had lost all interest in conversation.

Hong Tianbu nodded slowly, and after watching Grand Tutor Hong walk out of the courtyard, he paced around the courtyard two more times before returning to his room.

On the roof, Ling Han breathed a sigh of relief. This Hong Tianbu’s instincts

were really sharp.

That so-called Primordial Beast’s eye was too awesome, wasn’t it?

After waiting for a while, Ling Han leaped down from the roof quietly, careful not to make the slightest sound.

Inside the room, Hong Tianbu didn’t rest immediately. Instead, he was reading

a book under the table lamp, concentrating his full attention.

Ling Han stealthily approached, holding the broken piece of the stone tablet in his hand and raising it high.

Shua, he smashed it down.

Hong Tianbu was Hong Tianbu, after all. Even in such a situation, he still sensed it and turned his head abruptly. However, it was still too late. Pa, the brick-like heavy object smashed onto his forehead. He couldn’t even utter a single word, and directly rolled on the ground, passing out.

Ling Han was surprised. This broken piece of stone tablet was really awesome. Even someone as strong as Hong Tianbu had been knocked over with this brick. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

He looked at it again, and couldn’t help but laugh in spite of himself. That was because not only was there a large bump on Hong Tianbu’s forehead, there was also a word shockingly printed on it. It was on the broken stone tablet, and he could not distinguish what it was, but it was also very vague.

“Brother Monkey said that this is a tombstone that is shrouded in Yin Qi. It is extremely inauspicious,” Ling Han murmured. “If I use this as a sneak attack, I should be able to give others three years of bad luck, right?”

He smiled, and began to search.

Hong Tianbu not only had astonishing natural talent in cultivation, but also had extremely great fortune. He should have a great many treasures on him.

Ling Han soon found a Spatial Spirit Tool. He instilled his Spiritual Power into it and “looked” at it. There were indeed a considerable number of treasures, precious ingredients, Treasured Fruits of Life, and quite a number of them at that.

“That’s all?”

Ling Han suddenly recalled the book that Hong Tianbu had been reading. He hurriedly picked it up from the table and looked at it, and instantly, a look of delight appeared on his face.

This was a movement technique called Imminent Skyline.

From the description of the movement technique, it belonged to the Celestial level, but it was not that mortals could not learn it. However, because the level of power was too different, they naturally could not display its full might. Furthermore, they could not cast it continuously either.

This movement technique had been found by Hong Tianbu in the tomb of an ancient great elite. Even in the previous generation, this movement technique could be considered top-notch.

From this aspect, Hong Tianbu’s luck was truly heaven-defying.

Entering the burial chamber of a great elite, and successfully obtaining the precious technique, returning unscathed, how many people in this world could accomplish that?

Added with the fact that this guy had fused with the eye of a Primordial Vicious Beast, it was clear how strong his luck was.

“Hl spare your life this time. You’ve taken advantage of your position to bully others time and time again, so I can’t let you die so easily,” Ling Han murmured. He left with Sixth Baby, then went to find Grand Tutor Hong.

This was very simple. He was merely an Inscription Tier elite, and Ling Han didn’t need to deliberately conceal his aura at all. He simply walked over and smashed down the brick, and the old geezer passed out.

However, there wasn’t much wealth on Grand Tutor Hong. It was basically just some jade seeds. What Ling Han lacked the least was jade seeds.

Ling Han returned the way he had come. Seeing that it was still early, he took a nap.

Early in the morning of the second day, he began to cultivate as per usual, and felt that his cultivation level was advancing at an astonishing speed.

The environment of heaven and earth had changed again, speeding up the rate of cultivation.

It was naturally a good thing to cultivate quickly, but at the same time, it also meant that some of the people in the prison were about to appear again. The faster and larger the changes, the more and stronger people would come out.

The effect of the prison was based on extracting energy from this planet. Previously, the Celestial Sea Planet was completely unsuited to cultivating, so the prison was extremely sturdy, and no one could escape.

Thus, when the day came that the Celestial Sea Planet recovered completely, it meant that this prison had also been completely opened.

This was really a contradiction. On one hand, Ling Han wanted to cultivate faster, and on the other, he did not want the elites in the prison to come out so soon.

Sigh.

Ling Han sighed. Forget it, let’s not think about it. Whether he hoped or not, this kind of change was not something that he could stop or influence, so it was best not to worry about it for no reason.

Several days passed, and rumors started to spread.

—Hong Tianbu had been thrashed, and a large bump had appeared on his forehead.

And that was not all. The once peerless prodigy seemed to have been entangled by bad luck. A servant of the Hong Clan reported that when Hong Tianbu was cultivating, the house suddenly collapsed, causing him to look dejected and sorry.

Or when he was eating, he actually uncovered half a tooth out of the food.

For example, when he was walking, a large pit suddenly appeared in front of him.

AU kinds of inconceivable coincidences happened to him. It was practically as if it had been deliberately arranged, but no matter how smart a person was, they would not have arranged such a coincidence. Thus, it could only be said that Hong Tianbu’s luck had suddenly become extremely terrible.

After Ling Han heard this, he couldn’t help but grit his teeth. It was really as Brother Monkey had said. That broken piece of stone tablet was an inauspicious thing, and had too much Yin Qi. You see, Hong Tianbu had only been hit once, and was actually so unlucky.

However, Hong Tianbu was still Hong Tianbu, after all. Even under such circumstances, he was still able to steadily step into the Mystery Realm Tier. When the news spread out, the whole Imperial Capital was stirred.

Although Mystery Realm Tier elites were popping up like bamboo shoots after the rain now, Hong Tianbu was the number one prodigy of the past, and was now one of the twin prodigies of the Imperial City. He had advanced into the Mystery Realm Tier, which had extraordinary significance.

Perhaps, in the near future, a second Celestial Path elite would appear in the Imperial Capital.

Ling Han was also surprised. With bad luck all over him, Heavenly Dao was still able to advance so rapidly. This luck was really heaven-defying.

Moreover, he didn’t seem to have found all the treasures on Hong Tianbu’s body. This guy actually still had Treasured Fruit of Life to break through to Mystery Realm Tier?

Ling Han only sighed, and then turned his attention back to himself.

After so many days, he was close to reaching the peak of Two Inscriptions. In another two or three days, he would be able to break through to Three Inscriptions.

The work of the Foreign Affairs Department progressed in an orderly manner, and more and more sects pledged their allegiance to the Foreign Affairs Department. Even a portion of Cauldron Forging Tier-level forces sent their surrender notices. Ling Han also received more and more benefits. He was sure that these benefits would be enough for him to charge up to the Mystery Realm Tier.

However, an unforeseen event had also arrived..