Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3516: Change overnight

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Imperial Capital welcomed a rare period of peace. It was prosperous, and as the power of heaven and earth became denser and denser, everyone’s cultivation speed was also skyrocketing, advancing at a frighteningly fast pace.

The night passed.

Ling Han stood up as per usual, opened the doors, and walked into the courtyard, preparing to cultivate. However, he immediately gaped widely, revealing an expression of surprise.

That was because in his courtyard, a large tree was soaring into the skies, as

tall as three hundred meters.

He was 100% sure that last night, there were still only flowers and grass in this courtyard, and the tallest was not more than the height of a person.

What the heck, why was there a towering tree here?

Who would be so bored to plant here in the middle of the night?

Furthermore, even if there really was someone planting here, how could he not have the slightest reaction?

Planting such a large tree wasn’t like carrying a pot of flowers over.

If such a thing really happened, then the strength of the planter was really heaven-defy ingly strong.

Ling Han looked around, and was even more surprised. That was because it was not just him that had a towering tree here. There were trees everywhere in the surroundings.

He stood up nimbly, climbing to the top of the tree. Then, as he gazed into the distance, he could see that the whole Imperial Capital seemed to have turned into a forest. There were such great trees everywhere, and it was a lush and verdant area.

What was going on here? In a single night, the Imperial Capital had become like this. What exactly had happened?

The sun had just risen, and Ling Han pondered for a moment. In the end, he decided to descend the tree and cultivate first.

Boom, the power of heaven and earth surged.

Ling Han was slightly shocked. It was like he had ingested some Treasured Fruit or Spirit Pill, and the rate of his cultivation had increased three to four times as compared to yesterday.

The environment of heaven and earth had improved qualitatively again!

Perhaps the appearance of these giant trees was also due to the dramatic change of heaven and earth. The heaven and earth they were presently in was built on the foundations of the old world. Thus, the moment changes took place in the heaven and earth, a part of the old world would appear.

The babies came out, and when they saw this new scene, they were all incredibly happy. They scrambled here and there, playing very happily.

Ling Han stood by at the Foreign Affairs Department, and soon received even more and more detailed information about the changes of heaven and earth this time.

The environment of the Imperial Capital had changed drastically. Innumerable great trees had grown overnight, and there were some great trees that actually bore fruit, which were ingested by those who were brave enough, immediately causing a great upgrade to their level of being. In an instant, they had become elites of Extreme Bone, Inscription and even Enlightenment and Mystery Realm Tier, and so on.

The Four Great Generals? Grand Tutor Hong? The Council Chairman?

Everything had become a thing of the past. They were no longer the strongest figures of the Majestic Empire. If it was not for the fact that they still had official titles, their prestige would probably have long since fallen to rock bottom.

However, because there was still Chen Fengyan above them, and their positions had also been bestowed by Chen Fengyan, no one dared to challenge the Four Great Generals and the others. However, this was only temporary. People’s ambitions would always expand as their abilities improved, and ultimately, it could not be stopped.

In the Imperial Capital, the number of robberies and murders had suddenly increased. This was something that could not be helped. Some people who had always been at the lowest level of society, but suddenly gained powerful strength, were naturally unwilling to accept the present situation.

Undoubtedly, robbery was the fastest way to get rich. The abilities of the soldiers now were too weak, and could not restrict the elites of Inscription, Enlightenment and Mystery Realm Tier.

Some people did not have power, and could only hide their grudges, but now that their abilities had soared, the flames of vengeance blazed fiercely.

Ling Han didn’t need to worry about this matter. He was the leader of the Foreign Affairs Department, and only needed to take care of the sects established by those elites from the prison.

However, he also encountered something that did not go his way. Previously, a large number of sects had submitted their surrender letters, but now, not only were there no more forces submitting their surrender letters, some forces that had submitted their surrender letters were even beginning to go back on their word. When the people from the Foreign Affairs Department went to accept their allegiance, they would either refuse, or forcefully expel them.

“Ling Han, what’s going on with those sects? Why are they suddenly going back on their word?” After Princess Bixiao found out, she began to discuss strategies with him. These people had really changed too quickly, hadn’t they? Ling Han thought for a moment, then said, “After the great change of heaven and earth this time, there should be even stronger beings that have appeared from the prison. Perhaps, they think that they can stand against His Majesty. Thus, those forces have begun to observe again, to avoid following the wrong person.”

“Going back on their word, how despicable,” Princess Bixiao said angrily. She paused, then continued, “I want to attempt the Celestial Path again. This time, the heaven and earth’s environment has changed again, and my bloodline has improved considerably. I have full confidence that I can succeed, but it should take at least ten days.”

“All right.” Ling Han nodded.

This was a good thing. At present, the Foreign Affairs Department only had one being with Celestial Path-level power, and that was the war colossus. However, there were not many Dao Stones left, and it could only act as deterrence. It could not show its might too many times.

Thus, if Princess Bixiao could advance into Celestial Path, the Foreign Affairs Department would have a Celestial Path elite that would stay for a long time. In the current world, even Mystery Realm Tier could possibly be accomplished overnight. Only Celestial Path elites were unattainable.

Ling Han also had to work hard. His cultivation level increased very quickly, but it was still not enough.

He began to break through to Three Inscriptions.

When the physical conditions were met, this naturally came naturally. More importantly, how many veined patterns could Ling Han draw this time?

One after another, Treasured Fruits of Life continued to be consumed. Ling Han used his life force as ink, inscribing veined pattern after veined pattern. After reaching the number of a million, his speed suddenly dropped. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Ling Han instilled his comprehension of the great dao of Genesis World, and began to draw new veined patterns.

10,000 streaks, 50,000 streaks, 100,000 streaks… this time, he had drawn a total of 1.7 billion streaks.

This should be the limit. Even if he broke through to Four Inscriptions, unless a miracle happened, it would be impossible to carve out even more veined patterns. It couldn’t be helped. There was only so much time, and there was always a limit.

He was now Three Inscriptions.

Ling Han smiled faintly. He was not the slightest bit jealous of those lucky people outside, who had timed from a normal mortal into a Mystery Realm Tier overnight. The strength obtained in this manner was very weak. Perhaps, even the battle prowess that an elite of that cultivation level should have could not be displayed.

Increasing his cultivation level like this was a bit slow, but the advantage was that it was solid. Taking things one step at a time, compacting his foundations, and only then could he possibly become a top tier elite in future.

Ling Han planned to expand his manpower. Now, a large number of elites had appeared, giving him the space to choose.

He had someone go out to stick up notices. The Foreign Affairs Department would be recruiting for three days, and three days later, they would undergo a standard selection.

He delegated power at the right time, handing this mission to Hu Er, Xuanyuan Dingguo, and the others. Three days later, Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others selected a total of ten people to join the Foreign Affairs Department. There were really a few good saplings among them.

One of them was called Tian Chi, and he wasn’t from the Imperial Capital. Instead, he was from the Martial Clouds Sect, and he was a Mystery Realm Tier, and he had come because he admired the prosperity of the Imperial Capital. Thus, he was also quite proud.

There was also a person called Peng Yuxin. She was from the Imperial City, and because she had eaten a Treasured Fruit, she had directly charged up to Mystery Realm Tier.

The last one was called Shi Yiqing, and like Peng Yuxin, she was also from the Imperial Capital. She too had eaten a Treasured Fruit, which allowed her cultivation level to soar. However, the natural talent of the two women in cultivation was still alright, so they were worth nurturing.

Right at this moment, a huge piece of news came. Thirteen Core Formation Tier elites had joined forces to enter the Imperial Capital..