Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3517 Might of Core Formation Tier

Core Formation Tier elites stood on the third tier of Celestial Path. Even in the universe, they were qualified to be called elites.

Now, 13 Core Formation Tier great elites joined forces to enter the Imperial Capital.

Was this going to be a head-on confrontation with Chen Fengyan?

When Ling Han heard this, he merely smiled.

Chen Fengyan was a Spirit Transformation Tier True Lord, and he was also the Imperial Prince of the previous Majestic Empire. Thus, he definitely possessed a considerable number of precious techniques. Thus, his battle prowess at the same cultivation level was definitely stronger than that of ordinary Spirit Transformation True Lords.

A mere thirteen Core Formation Tier cultivators? They couldn't even hold a candle to him.

However, the public's evaluation of Chen Fengyan was that he was in the Core Formation Tier. Thus, in the eyes of those from the prison, 13 Core Formation Tier elites were naturally enough to suppress Chen Fengyan.

This kind of existence was too powerful, and there was absolutely no way that Ling Han could manage it. Thus, he naturally did not take it to heart. Even if the sky collapsed, there would always be someone taller to hold it up. He only had to take care of his own matters.

However, the moment these 13 elites entered the Imperial Capital, their target was the Foreign Affairs Department, and demanding that Ling Han and Princess Bixiao, the Department Chiefs of the Foreign Affairs Department, to immediately pay them a visit.

F***

Ling Han was depressed. Why did those elites always target him when they wanted to show off their might?

Previously, it was the same, forcing him to hand over the Young Dragon Inheritance. Now, though the target ostensibly was the Foreign Affairs Department, he was the Department Chief, so how could he escape?

"Even if I use all my trump cards now, it would still be impossible for me to withstand the attacks of a Core Formation Tier cultivator. Thus, I can only hope that that nephew of mine has some kind of trump card up his sleeve, or would personally appear."

"However, can I go on a trip tonight?"

Ling Han thought of the Void Beast hide. This could make him invisible, and added with the broken piece of stone tablet, could he knock out a few Core Formation Tier elites?

His heart throbbed wildly. A Core Formation Tier cultivator should possess some good stuff, right?

For safety's sake, he didn't immediately move. Instead, he asked Sixth Baby whether this Void Beast hide could defend against the divine sense of a Core Formation Tier elite.

"Father, don't even think about it!" Sixth Baby directly shook her head, "After advancing into Celestial Path, the essence of life has changed completely. To say nothing of Core Formation Tiers, you couldn't even stay hidden from Foundation Building Tiers."

Ling Han sighed. This was really too much of a pity. He still wanted to make some money.

When the news spread out, everyone's eyes were now focused on the Foreign Affairs Department.

Everyone knew that Ling Han wouldn't be able to block 13 Core Formation Tier cultivators-not even half of them. Thus, only Chen Fengyan could resolve this crisis.

The matter was very clear. If Chen Fengyan did not dare to make a move, it meant that Chen Fengyan knew that he was no match, and Ling Han would become pitiful cannon fodder. The thirteen Core Formation Tier elites couldn't have come for nothing, right?

Everyone was engaged in spirited discussions. Some thought that Chen Fengyan was invincible in this world, and would definitely make a move. He had not spoken now, only because he had a heart that could accommodate the whole world, and gave these thirteen people one last chance.

However, some people thought that Chen Fengyan didn't dare to attack. After all, he was only a Core Formation Tier cultivator, so what qualified him to battle against 13 people?

The matter would eventually be known. On the second day, thirteen Core Formation Tier elites all gathered at the Foreign Affairs Department.

Ling Han walked out to face them, and saw that there were shockingly thirteen people standing outside the doors. Every single one of them exuded an aura that could suppress the heaven and earth, and was indescribably powerful.

Upon a closer look, their feet were actually not standing on the ground, but rather treading on empty air. Their snow- white cloth shoes were spotless.

After ascending the Celestial Path, cultivators would possess the ability to fly. However, Foundation Building Tier cultivators would have to ride on their weapons, and though the Cauldron Forging Tier cultivators could "fly straight", they would have to maintain a high speed of flight to be able to maintain afloat.

Only the Core Formation Tier cultivators seemed to have fused with the Dao of Heaven and Earth, and could float in the air while stepping on energy that mortals couldn't see. Thus, these 13 people were clearly at the Core Formation Tier, so there was no need for him to doubt them in the slightest.

"Greetings, seniors," Ling Han clasped his hands in greeting, greeting these 13 people who were so strong that they could kill him with a single breath.

"Mortal commoner, you actually dare not kneel and pay your respects when you see me?" a Core Formation Tier cultivator said. His voice wasn't loud, yet it was filled with intimidation.

Ling Han suddenly felt a splitting headache. He stretched out a hand to rub his face, and saw that it was completely covered with blood.

A Core Formation Tier cultivator was far too terrifying. He had only spoken a single line, yet he was already bleeding from all his apertures.

The gulf between them was like the gulf between heaven and earth.

Behind Ling Han, Xuanyuan Dingguo, Hu Er, and the others had all arrived. They were from the Foreign Affairs Department, so they couldn't stay out of this matter.

Many people ran over to watch the excitement, and those like the Third Imperial Prince all smirked coldly.

Previously, they had tried all means and methods to plant people in the Foreign Affairs Department, but Ling Han did not give them any face at all, and directly rejected them coldly.

This was the territory of the Chen Clan; who do you think you are?

Now, it was great. Thirteen Core Formation Tier cultivators were pointing their swords at the Foreign Affairs

Department, and let's see how Ling Han would deal with them.

Ling Han smiled faintly, "This junior's bones are a little hard, so I can't kneel down!"

A white-haired Core Formation Tier couldn't help but laugh loudly. He then turned to look at his companion, and said, "Brother Li, we haven't appeared in the world for too long. Could it be that we've already been forgotten about the power of the Core Formation Tier?"

That was an old man dressed in green robes. He also smiled, "Then let the world remember today just how terrifying a Core Formation Tier cultivator can be!"

He stretched out both hands. Kuang, instantly, the skies were filled with dense clouds, a dark mass, and lightning was densely covered in the clouds, enshrouding the whole Imperial Capital, as if it was the end of the world.

This... he could control heaven and earth with a single hand, so how powerful was he?

Kuang, multiple bolts of lightning struck down, intertwining around him, making the green-robed old man seem like a god that walked on earth, supreme and noble.

The green-robed elder walked through the air, step by step. It was as if there were an invisible flight of stairs. This person ascended into the air with each step, suspending in the air 300 meters above the ground. Kuang, kuang, kuang! It was as if the lightning in the sky had a target for attack, and they all blasted towards him.

But the old man merely stretched out a hand and beckoned, and all the lightning was gripped in his hand, turning into a massive spear of lightning.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Could mortals wield lightning like spears?

Of course, it was wishful thinking.

Pa, pa, pa! Instantly, a great many people fell to their knees, worshipping that green-robed old man that was like an Immortal in the skies.

"Mortal, this is the true power of the Celestials!" the elder in green said. His voice was booming, and it was as if the heavens were communicating a decree.

If he wanted to subdue Ling Han, there was naturally no need for such exaggeration, but the old man in green and his group had come for the sake of obtaining the Dark North Nation's treasure, so they naturally had to show off a miracle to make all the citizens submit.

This was a kind of great power, a kind of fortune. To seize a nation, one had to first seize its fortune.

Ling Han did not kneel. Just as he had said, his bones were hard, and he could not kneel.

"A mere ant still dares to stand?" the old man in green asked calmly, but it was as if he were an Immortal issuing a decree, and mortals could only obey.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, "Old geezer, don't act too pretentious. Be careful of being struck by lightning"

The elder in green almost fell down from the sky in a moment of shock. With how powerful he was, he was the one who had summoned all the lightning, so how could he possibly be struck by lightning?

This brat was really outrageously bold. Even at a time like this, he still dared to argue with him.

"Looks like you don't want to live anymore!" the elder in green said. He reached over to grab Ling Han. Boom! Like the heavens were raging, a tribulation descended.