Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3519 Retreating without a fight

 

In the skies, the Core Formation Tier elites were battling fiercely. All of them were like gods, stimulating the endless power of heaven and earth to exchange blows. Each one of them was exuding a brilliant light that others could only look up to.

However, even this kind of elite was controlled by that powerful resentment, and was engaged in a meaningless battle.

Beneath them, the mortals were also engaged in a fierce battle, causing a great commotion.

Thankfully, when lightning and thunder broke out, most people had fled indoors in fright. Aside from being drenched by the rain, they could be considered to have escaped the calamity. In other words, those that were presently caught fighting here had basically come here to watch the excitement.

For example, the Third Imperial Prince, the Fifth Imperial Prince and the others all had pale eyes, as they launched a mad barrage of attacks at their brothers and subordinates.

Ling Han did not make a move, and merely guarded the Foreign Affairs Department. Possessed by the "vengeful spirits", the bodies of cultivators would become completely unafraid of attacks, but afterwards, they would wither unbearably, and their abilities would be greatly weakened. Half a day later, the battles finally became sparse, and the battles of the Core Formation Tier elites also stopped. Even in such an intense battle, not one of them was injured, but when the vengeful spirits disappeared, their expressions all changed drastically. The terrifying aura disappeared in an instant, and they all collapsed onto the ground. In fact, they were even throwing up blood continuously. 

-Previously, they had sustained so many blows, yet were completely unscathed. These had not been wasted attacks, but had rather accumulated in a special way, and after the vengeful spirits disappeared, they were all returned.

So what if they were in the Core Formation Tier? These were severe wounds

The 13 Core Formation Tier cultivators were all sprawled out on the ground like normal people, their expressions constipated.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Previously, they had fought madly with each other. Even the foundation stone of the Celestial Path and the Nurturing Spirit Celestial Cauldron had been summoned to clash. Now, they discovered that cracks had appeared on their foundation stone of the Celestial Path and the Celestial Cauldron.

This was a f****** great loss.

If one wanted to repair the foundation stone of the Celestial Path or the Celestial Cauldron, and only depended on their physical body to slowly recover, they would need at least a few hundred years, and though a Core Formation

Tier cultivator could live for around four thousand years, they had not been born in the prison, but were rather the group of people that had been imprisoned in the first place.

They had already spent more than 2000 years in the prison, so how many years did they have left to live?

Several hundred years... that would be the rest of their lives.

Or they could obtain an incredibly valuable treasured medicine, and rebuild the foundation stone of the Celestial Path and the Celestial Cauldron, but it was not just difficult to obtain this kind of treasured medicine.

They had come to the Imperial Capital to force Chen Fengyan to step down, yet they hadn't even seen him yet, and they had already suffered such a harsh rebuke. How could they accept this?

This trip was really a great loss. 

"Let's go!" The old man in green got to his feet and immediately turned around to flee.

The other Core Formation Tier cultivators also followed. They were heavily wounded now, and it was possible that their battle prowess was so powerful that they could barely even match Cauldron Forging Tier. How could they possibly rival a Core Formation Tier cultivator?

If they didn't flee now, were they going to wait for Chen Fengyan to kill them all in one go?

Who would have thought that thirteen Core Formation Tier elites would come so aggressively, and actually run away with their tails between their legs so quickly?

"Long live the Holy Emperor!" On the streets, the citizens of the Imperial Capital all shouted.

In fact, this had absolutely nothing to do with Chen Fengyan. However, after witnessing his amazing techniques, everyone naturally credited Chen Fengyan for the unfathomable rain of blood that had fallen from the sky.

Ling Han turned to look at the Third Imperial Prince and the others, only to see that their expressions were also withering, as if they had suffered severe injuries.

He smiled. Who asked them to insist on coming to see him make a fool of himself? Now they were out of luck, weren't they?

They deserved it.

The thirteen elites attacked the Imperial Capital, yet the conflict was resolved in a way that no one had expected. It was filled with strangeness and drama.

They had brought this upon themselves. These Core Formation Tier cultivators were determined to show off their might, yet they had screwed themselves over.

Precisely because they had not thought of it, even those forces outside thought that this was Chen Fengyan's doing in secret, leading those thirteen elites into a trap.

This also indirectly proved that Chen Fengyan was most likely in the Core Formation Tier. Thus, he didn't dare to face so many elites at the same cultivation level head-on, and could only use special techniques.

The tragedy was right in front of their eyes, and for the moment, no force dared to have any ideas about the Imperial Capital, but a great many young cultivators ran over.

An elite had said that the location of the Imperial Capital was too amazing. It was a land of soaring dragons, and one could obtain great fortune here.

Why did those Core Formation Tier elites insist on occupying the Imperial Capital?

That was because they had their eye on the fortune of the Imperial Capital.

Tian Chi recovered for a whole half month's time, and he had only been contaminated by a few drops of blood rain. Furthermore, in the battle, Hu Er tried his best to avoid striking him. Even so, he was still at a great disadvantage, which showed how poisonous this blood rain was. What was this?

Curses? Vengeful spirits?

Ling Han had never come across this kind of thing in the Genesis World. Once his divine sense was destroyed, one would be completely dead. There was no such thing as ghosts, but he had seen it with his own eyes previously, so it could only be explained as ghosts.

Alright, this wasn't the Genesis World, after all, so it was normal that it was different.

Ling Han recalled that broken piece of stone tablet. Brother Monkey had said that it was a part of a tombstone, and was entwined in Yin Qi. It was very unlucky. After he smacked him with it, Hong Tianbu was indeed unsuccessful in various ventures.

The power of resentment was so strong?

He had to be careful. He didn't want to be scammed by others like this as well. After all, too many people had died in that battle over 2000 years ago, and there were many ghosts that were unwilling to give up.

After the shower of blood, the Imperial Family invited a great many monks, who recited scriptures in the Imperial Capital to undergo expiation. Only after a dozen over days did they see multiple vague figures soar up from all corners, and gradually disappear after flying into midair.

These figures were all dressed in simple and unadorned clothing, very similar to those vengeful spirits from before, but now, they no longer had that soaring resentment, and only looked peaceful.

Ling Han was astonished. Resentment could actually be dispelled?

He was instantly very interested in those monks, and immediately went to find out more.

Unexpectedly, the Calabash Brothers knew everything, and immediately began to speak one after another.

"That is called the Buddhist Race," Eldest Baby said. "A very, very long time ago, the Buddhist Race produced an

Ancestral King. He was invincible for an era, and created the foundations of the Buddhist Race. It has existed for all eternity, and now has an extremely powerful authority."

"Those baldies cultivate to exorcise evil, and they can obtain virtue by exorcising one person," Third Baby continued, her face filled with disdain.

"Virtue?" Ling Han asked.

Second Baby waved her hand, and said, "Virtue and power of worship are about the same... Aiya, Father, your cultivation level is too low now. It's too tiring to tell you this, and you won't understand either."

Fine, his low cultivation level was being looked down on. After the resentment had dissipated, peace returned once more to the Imperial Capital, but this kind of peace would definitely not last for too long. A great era of changing circumstances was presently rolling out. Peace was really a luxury.

Sure enough, it wasn't long before the Imperial Capital was shaken again.

There was a group of young people that had entered into the Imperial Capital. Though none of them had advanced into Celestial Path, their backgrounds were astonishingly powerful.

That was because their seniors were still in the prison.

Even the Core Formation Tier elites had already escaped, so what did the fact that they were still trapped in the prison signify?

Their elders were great elites of the Spiritual Infant Tier, or even in fact, the Spirit Transformation Tier!