Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3520  Deliberately showing his face

Very soon, even more news came.

There were two people leading this group of young people. One was called Jin Yulu, and she was a woman as beautiful as a celestial maiden. Her natural talent in cultivation was also extremely shocking, and it was claimed that she could sweep aside all her peers. She was in the Mystery Realm Tier, standing at the highest peak below Celestial Path.

The other person was called Lu Haiyuan. He was also a prodigy of martial arts, but his cultivation level was slightly inferior. He was an elite of the Enlightenment Tier.

These two people were both the disciples of a True Lord Spirit Transformation Tier elite, and had come as the representatives of this super elite. As for what exactly they were going to do, the two of them had yet to say.

Aside from these two people, the other youngsters were also very out of the ordinary, but their backgrounds weren't as powerful as these two people. Thus, even if there were still Mystery Realm Tier elites, these two people were still respected.

These people entered into the Imperial Capital in a very high-profile manner. All of a sudden, it was as if they were in a marketplace.

This was Spirit Transformation True Lord, and just how mighty wwould this kind of existence be?

Chen Fengyan was also "only" in the Core Formation Tier, and in front of a Spirit Transformation Tier elite, he was not even worth a fart.

Obviously, the Spirit Transformation True Lord would definitely rule over the Imperial Capital in future. If one could get close to them now, there would definitely be great benefits in the future.

Of course, no one dared to be too obvious. After all, it was Chen Fengyan who had become the emperor. The Spirit Transformation True Lord had not even appeared yet, and before they even managed to cozy up to him, Chen Fengyan might have already executed them in the name of treason.

Ling Han had Xuanyuan Dingguo investigate, and among them, Grand Tutor Hong was the most active. He practically went there every few days.

"Ling Han, I've decided to pursue Jin Yulu!" Xuanyuan Dingguo said with a determined expression.

Ling Han sighed, and said, "I remember that you said very resolutely that you wanted to court the princess of the Demon Race."

"You still dare to talk about that!" Xuanyuan Dingguo wore a bitter expression, and he said, "You're already living together with her, so how can I bring myself to steal her from my brother?"

Ling Han was surprised. 'Your opinion of yourself is really too good. What makes you think that without me, the princess of the Demon Race would fall in love with you?'

"Xuanyuan, I am impressed by how shameless you are." He patted Xuanyuan Dingguo's shoulder. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Hehe." Xuanyuan Dingguo didn't blush at all. He was indeed very shameless.

A few days later, Jin Yulu announced that a martial arts gathering was going to be held, inviting the younger generation to attend widely, and those who performed outstandingly would be introduced to their Master by her and Lu Haiyuan, and become the personal disciples of a Spirit Transformation True Lord.

When this news spread out, the whole Imperial Capital was not in an uproar, but had rather gone mad.

How high and lofty was a Spirit Transformation Tier? If one could become the disciple of such an elite, wouldn't he be able to do as he liked in the future?

So what if they were Celestial Path elites? They still had to be extremely respectful towards them in future.

Now, everyone took pride in being able to obtain an invitation from Jin Yulu, and the topic of their conversations was all about this grand gathering of martial arts.

Yet Ling Han was completely unconcerned.

Why?

A Spirit Transformation True Lord was his nephew, and a great elite of Sect Master-level was his sworn brother. How could it be that he would care about being taken as disciple by a Spirit Transformation True Lord?

Wasn't this lowering his own status?

He didn't care, but Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others felt injustice for Ling Han. For example, Xuanyuan Dingguo, Hu Er, and the others had all received invitations, yet he, one of the twin prodigies of the Imperial Capital, the Department Chief of the Foreign Affairs Department, hadn't received any. Wasn't it obvious?

Not only him, but even Princess Bixiao hadn't received an invitation.

The two Chiefs of the Foreign Affairs Department had been ignored. It was clear that Jin Yulu had done it on purpose. What was she trying to say?

She didn't want someone that Chen Fengyan placed in an important position!

Although they didn't oppose each other in public, the meaning was already very obvious.

A day later, Princess Bixiao quietly returned.

In order to break through to Celestial Path, she had left the Imperial Capital previously, so as not to be disturbed by others, and did not stay in the Foreign Affairs Department.

Ling Han looked towards her, and asked with a smile, "You have broken through?"

Princess Bixiao humphed, and suddenly moved. Pa, she had grabbed onto Ling Han's neck, "That's right! Your Absolute Fairness is no longer effective on me now, and you can no longer threaten me!"

13:13

"Are you trying to… murder… your husband…?" Ling Han asked with much difficulty. His neck was being gripped very tightly.

"You still dare to spout nonsense?" Princess Bixiao's eyes sharpened.

Ling Han merely smiled. If it was not for the fact that he sensed that Princess Bixiao did not have any killing intent, he would definitely swing the broken stone tablet in her direction.

"Humph!" Princess Bixiao retracted her hand, and said, "You still haven't changed!"

Ling Han rubbed his neck, and said, "Say, Bixiao darling, you've really exerted a lot of force. You almost succeeded in murdering me."

Princess Bixiao was rendered speechless. Why couldn't this guy change his habit of having a glib tongue? She sighed, and resolutely did not waste any more time on this topic. She asked, "Nothing serious happened these few days, right?"

"Hehe, it's nothing. You just missed a dozen or so Core Formation Tier elites working together to wipe out our Foreign Affairs Department. In the end, a rain of blood fell from the sky, scaring all of them away."

"Also, the disciples of a Spirit Transformation True Lord have entered into the Imperial City. Two days later, there will be some kind of martial arts gathering to select outstanding talents, and in future, recommend them to that Spirit Transformation Tier as his personal disciple."

Ling Han said very casually, as if these two matters were negligible.

Princess Bixiao was surprised. She had not thought that she would be in seclusion at such a coincidental time, and actually miss out on such a big event.

"The others have received invitations, but we're the only ones who didn't?" she murmured. "Is this a deliberate attempt to embarrass His Majesty?"

Ling Han thought for a moment, then said, "If we still haven't received an invitation, we can only attend without an invitation."

Princess Bixiao was confused, and she asked, "Isn't this just going to become a joke?"

"What kind of joke would that be?" Ling Han said with a smile. "We're the Foreign Affairs Department, and those people are under our jurisdiction. Did they get our permission to enter the Imperial Capital? Without permission, they entered the Imperial Capital, so what's the point of hosting a banquet? Do they think we don't exist?"

Something like that was possible?

Princess Bixiao thought for a moment. Indeed, wasn't the Foreign Affairs Department in charge of those people that had come out of prison?

You guys didn't send any invitations, and wanted to take this opportunity to ridicule the Foreign Affairs Department and Chen Fengyan's face. We'll make it so that you guys won't even be able to host a banquet, and see who would be the one to be humiliated.

"You really are a scammer," she said.

"What nonsense are you spouting?" Ling Han said with a smile. After spending so much time together, he realized that Princess Bixiao was still worth becoming friends with.

Another day passed, and as expected, Jin Yulu still did not send an invitation to Ling Han or Princess Bixiao. Her intention to deliberately leave them hanging was already as obvious as could be.

A great many people were watching. How could it be that Ling Han and Princess Bixiao were going to swallow this insult?

The two of them had been personally chosen by Chen Fengyan. If they swallowed their anger, it would naturally mean that Chen Fengyan had lost this battle.

But the problem was, who dared to touch the disciples of a Spirit Transformation True Lord?

It seemed like Ling Han and Princess Bixiao had to swallow this loss.

A day later, it was the day that Jin Yulu would host a gathering of cultivators. The time was set at noon, and early in the morning, someone had arrived at the place ahead of time, as if they wanted to impress the others and win their favour.

As noon approached, more and more people arrived, and there was no lack of Imperial Prince-level esteemed guests among them.

"Hong Tianbu, Young Master Hong, has arrived!" At the door, there was a person who came to receive them. This was a very loud person, and his voice was extremely loud.

Shua, Jin Yulu immediately stood up, and walked towards the doors.

 