Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3521  The world is cold

When everyone saw this, they were all stunned.

Previously, even when such important Imperial Princes like the Eldest and the Seventh Imperial Princes had arrived, she had not come out to receive them. She had only asked Lu Haiyuan to receive them, putting on airs.

But now that Hong Tianbu had arrived, she actually went to receive him personally.

Did Hong Tianbu have so much face?

The expressions of the Eldest Imperial Prince and the others were all dark, as if they had suffered a great deal of damage.

However, Jin Yulu's backer was a Spirit Transformation True Lord, so how could they dare to show their anger?

—If they knew that their old man was also a True Lord-level existence, they would definitely not be able to hold themselves back. They would do it. This was the territory of the Chen Clan, and these people actually dared not give them any face?

However, Chen Fengyan was a bit too low-key. He had never directly revealed his cultivation level, and actually caused these sons of his to cower in fear. Could this be considered scamming his own sons?

Ling Han could understand. Right now, Chen Fengyan had to keep a low profile. Otherwise, if the Azure Dragon Majestic Empire found out about his existence, they would definitely dispatch elites to kill him.

One naturally needed to remove the roots when cutting weeds,

Not long after, Jin Yulu and Hong Tianbu walked over together. The man was handsome, and the woman was exquisitely beautiful. They were a perfect match.

From Jin Yulu's attitude, it could be seen just how much she valued Hong Tianbu.

The two of them seemed to be old friends that had known each other for many years. As they walked, they were whispering to each other, and occasionally, they could see the delicate laughter of Jin Yulu. She was indescribably beautiful, causing a great many men to stare at her.

This woman's beauty was not inferior to the princess of the Demon Race, and had already captured the hearts of quite a number of men.

"It's about time. Let's begin the distinguished gathering." Jin Yulu sat back down at the main seat, while Hong Tianbu was arranged to sit at the very front. It could not be more obvious that he was highly regarded.

The Eldest Imperial Prince and the others were all indignant. What right did a mere subject have to step on top of them?

They did not dare complain to Jin Yulu, but Hong Tianbu was a subject of the Chen Clan, so they had nothing to be afraid of.

"Hong Tianbu, why don't you pay your respects to me and the others?" The Third Imperial Prince was the first to fly into a rage. Recently, he had been very displeased. Ling Han had not given him any face, and now Hong Tianbu was publicly riding on top of him, making him unable to hold himself back.

Hong Tianbu smiled faintly, "So it is Your Imperial Highnesses. Please forgive my poor eyesight, I did not see."

Such a lame excuse.

The Seventh Imperial Prince couldn't tolerate it either, and said indifferently, "Hong Tianbu, do you think that now that your wings have hardened, you can look down on everyone?"

"Why do you say that, Your Imperial Highness?" Hong Tianbu asked with a smile. "How have I been looking down on everyone?"

"Hong Tianbu, do you really think that no one can deal with you?" The Seventh Imperial Prince suddenly slammed a hand on the chair, and stood up.

"Enough!" Jin Yulu shouted loudly. Her eyes swept over him, "Brother Hong is known as a prodigy, and even my Master has heard of him. He has already expressed his intention to take Brother Hong as his personal disciple!"

She paused, giving everyone time to digest this important news, then said, "My Master is a Spirit Transformation True Lord. Even in the universe, he is still a top-notch existence, what more in this primitive place!"

"What is it? Do you guys also want to bully and humiliate my Master's disciple?"

She wore a baleful expression as she looked at the Imperial Princes, and she radiated with a lofty and domineering aura.

So what if you are Imperial Princes? In her eyes, you are nothing.

All the Imperial Princes felt sullen. They were Imperial Princes, yet now they were being pointed at and reprimanded. They were just short of spewing out a torrent of blood.

But Jin Yulu was different from the others. She was the disciple of a Spirit Transformation True Lord!

Now wasn't a year ago, when everyone was still in a naive period, thinking that the Enlightenment Tier was the pinnacle of martial arts. Who didn't know how high and noble SpiritTransformation Tier elites were?

Who dared to become hostile with the disciple of a Spirit Transformation True Lord?

Wasn't he afraid that when their Master came out, he would be able to crush him with a single finger?

Thus, the Imperial Princes could only swallow their anger, and did not dare to become hostile. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

A smile appeared on Hong Tianbu's face. These idiots wanted to compete with him?

His gaze had long since become even farther away. In fact, he did not even take to heart the disciples and descendants of the other Spirit Transformation True Lords in the prison. His target was the heirs of those great sects in the galaxy, and they were qualified to be called the strongest of the younger generation, those Sons and Holy Daughters.

He wanted to overwhelm these prodigies and become the strongest of this era.

When Jin Yulu's voice fell, instantly, a great many people walked forwards, toasting Hong Tianbu and trying to worm their way into being friends with him. This young man was already destined to rise up, and being taken as disciple by a Spirit Transformation True Lord, it would be no big deal for him to become a Core Formation Tier or even a Spiritual Infant Tier cultivator in the future.

In comparison, the Imperial Princes' side was deserted.

The world was harsh and cold, and Chen Fengyan was still yet to be defeated or killed. However, there were already many people who couldn't wait to ride on his coattail.

The young prodigies that had come with Jin Yulu smirked coldly. They were the vanguard troops, and had come to strike a blow to the prestige of the Chen Clan.

Why did they dare?

Firstly, they had a powerful background, and secondly, they had not disobeyed Chen Fengyan's request. They were not elites of Celestial Path, nor had they committed murder or arson, or broken the law, hadn't they?

"Report!" A servant suddenly ran over, panting, slightly flustered.

"Why are you so flustered?" Lu Haiyuan asked in displeasure.

"Ling, Ling, Ling Han is here!" the servant stammered.

"Ling Han?" Lu Hai Yuan couldn't help but smirk coldly. He had deliberately not sent Ling Han an invitation, just to make things difficult for him.

If you didn't come, that would be equivalent to cowering. If you came, then what could you do? It would only be even more humiliating.

A commotion was heard from afar, and Lu Haiyuan frowned. He saw two people walk over side by side, and there were a dozen over people following behind them. They all looked like they wanted to stop him, but did not dare to.

Ling Han, Princess Bixiao.

Lu Haiyuan waved his hand, and said, "You may leave."

Those servants felt as if they had been granted amnesty, and no longer followed Ling Han. They all turned around and left.

"Ling Han, this is private territory, and no one is allowed to enter unless they are invited!" Lu Haiyuan said calmly to Ling Han, "However, since you have shamelessly come all the way here on your own volition, then find a place to sit down. In any case, I don't mind giving you a bite of food."

How derisive.

Ling Han looked at Lu Haiyuan. This brat was still a little pretentious, but he was really too stupid. He asked, "Idiot, do you know that all lands under the heavens belong to the Imperial Court? You people have entered the Imperial Capital privately, so why did you not report this to the Foreign Affairs Department? Do you think that just because you have the intention of getting away with a stroke of luck, I, the Chief of the Department, will not investigate?"

Yi, could it be done like this?

Everyone was surprised. They had not thought that Ling Han would actually cut in from this angle.

Indeed, no matter how powerful the backgrounds of Jin Yulu, Lu Haiyuan and the others were, they had all come out of prison, and belonged to the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Department. However, everyone had previously been shocked by the presence of a Spirit Transformation True Lord, so who would have thought of going against them?

In this way, Ling Han and Princess Bixiao were no longer barging in, but were rather justified and well-founded. In fact, they could even seal off this place and expel Jin Yulu and the others from the Imperial City.

The situation was instantly reversed.

Lu Haiyuan faltered for a moment before roaring with laughter. "I've long since heard of your sharp tongue. You truly live up to your reputation! However, to say nothing of the fact that you're only a measly Inscription Tier cultivator, even if Chen Fengyan came, he would have to treat us with respect!"

"Kneel!" he suddenly raised his voice.

 