Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3523 Battle for the title of number one prodigy

What was the point of continuing the battle?

Ling Han appeared to be brandishing the battle hammer very casually, but every move he made restrained Lu Haiyuan. He did not have the slightest bit of anger, and was as relaxed as could be.

This...!

Everyone was speechless. It should be known that Lu Haiyuan was the disciple of a Spiritual Transformation Tier elite, and he himself was an Enlightenment Tier elite, yet now, he was being toyed with by an Inscription Tier.

Who could believe this?

"Stop!" Jin Yulu shouted lightly. If they continued fighting, Lu Haiyuan would definitely lose, and his defeat was not just a personal loss, but would also bring shame to an elite of Spiritual Transformation Tier.

Thus, she had to step out and call a halt to the battle.

Lu Haiyuan retreated, but how could Ling Han let him off so easily? He pursued him relentlessly.

"Ling Han, don't be so overbearing!" Hong Tianbu humphed coldly, and sent out a palm strike. Boom, a powerful force surged over, forcing Ling Han to have no choice but to stop.

At present, he was still no match for a Mystery Realm Tier, and Hong Tianbu was a two-star or even three-star genius. His battle prowess was far superior to a conventional Mystery Realm Tier.

"Hong Tianbu, you actually dare to obstruct the Foreign Affairs Department. Are you publicly committing treason?" Ling Han said coldly. He had completely lost all patience with Hong Tianbu.

Hong Tianbu smirked coldly, "What right do you have to be ranked as one of the Twin Prodigies of the Imperial City alongside me? From today onwards, I, Hong Tianbu, will be the only one!"

Jin Yulu also spoke up at the right moment, and said, "Then let's have a battle. Whoever wins will be the only prodigy."

Ling Han couldn't help but laugh loudly, saying, "What a joke. A Mystery Realm Tier challenges me to a duel?"

"Your cultivation level is advancing slowly, so who can you blame?" Hong Tianbu sneered, and strode towards Ling Han.

Ling Han activated Absolute Fairness at the first instant, but a vicious aura surged out from Hong Tianbu's body, shattering Absolute Fairness's control and rendering it ineffective.

Hong Tianbu smiled proudly. He had already completely fused with the eye of the Primordial Beast. That was at least a True Lord-level great beast. How could it be that it would be affected by a formation at the level of Celestial Path?

"Ling Han, you've lost hope, haven't you?" Hong Tianbu sneered.

"Hong Tianbu!" A soft rebuke rang out, and Princess Bixiao stepped out, standing in front of Ling Han.

"So it is Princess Bixiao." Hong Tianba smiled. He had once admired this princess of the Demon Race very much, but with the appearance of Jin Yulu, his mindset had changed.

-This Demon Race princess was still not worthy of him. At most, she would only be his plaything.

Towards playthings, he naturally did not need to spend much effort.

"This is a battle between me and Ling Han to contend for the number one prodigy of the Imperial Capital, so it's not appropriate for you to interfere, is it?" Hong Tianbu said calmly. He didn't take Princess Bixiao's words to heart at all. After fusing with the eye of the Primordial Beast, he was already a three-star genius. What Mystery Realm Tier was a match for him?

Princess Bixiao scoffed, and said, "Hong Tianbu, you publicly declare war on the nation, and still want to contest for the name of the prodigy of the Imperial Capital? What a colossal joke."

Hong Tianbu's expression darkened. At present, he actually did not want to offend the Chen Clan. After all, Chen Fengyan was a Core Formation Tier cultivator, or even slightly stronger than that, perhaps an old monster in the Spiritual Infant Tier, and most importantly, his future master had not come out of the prison yet.

What if Chen Fengyan was truly angered and killed him?UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Does Princess Bixiao insist on stopping the battle between me and Ling Han?" Hong Tianbu asked calmly. He avoided the topic of "treason". There was nothing to argue about. The more they argued, the more disadvantageous it would be to him.

"Then I can only offend you." He stretched out a hand to grab Princess Bixiao.

Princess Bixiao merely snapped her fingers lightly. Peng! Hong Tianbu was sent flying, and he landed heavily on the ground with a loud thud.

'What?'

Everyone's mouths were wide open, completely unable to believe their own eyes.

How was this possible? Hong Tianbu had actually been sent flying with a single finger?

Hong Tianbu struggled to get back to his feet. There was a bloody hole on his right shoulder, and blood was gushing out.

His expression was also filled with shock. He was completely unable to believe that Princess Bixiao's strength had actually reached such a height.

Pa! Pa! Pa!

A crisp applause rang out, and Jin Yulu stood up, "I had not thought that the princess of the Demon Race would actually be the first person in the younger generation to step onto the Celestial Path. Congratulations, congratulations."

What, Princess Bixiao had stepped onto the Celestial Path?

Everyone was stunned. Though there were not only Foundation Building Tier elites present, and even Cauldron Forging Tier elites and Core Formation Tier elites had appeared, but they had all come out of prison. Only the Demon Emperor and Chen Fengyan were elites of Celestial Path that had broken through in the present environment.

-In truth, Chen Fengyan was also an ancient person, and only the Demon Emperor had truly broken through in the present environment. And now, added with the Demon Race princess, it was indeed proven that the level of being of the Demon Race was higher than the level of being of the Human Race before attaining the Celestial Path.

Hong Tianbu was also startled. As it turned out, Princess Bixiao had actually crossed over the Celestial Gate and become a Foundation Building elite. No wonder she could send him flying with a single finger.

This was the difference between immortal and mortal. No matter how freakish he was, it was useless. Even if he had fused the eyes of ten Primordial Beasts, it was still not enough.

Having lost to Princess Bixiao, he didn't feel wronged, nor did he need to feel humiliated.

Princess Bixiao stood, arms crossed behind her back, and ignored Jin Yulu's words. "Hong Tianbu, do you yield?"

This was a kind of attitude. So what if you are the disciple of a Spiritual Transformation Tier elite? I will ignore you. Jin Yulu humphed, "Princess Bixiao, though Foundation Building Tier elites have stepped onto the Celestial Path, it is only the first step on the Celestial Path. It is still far from being considered an elite."

"It's more than enough to suppress you all!" This time, Princess Bixiao didn't pretend that she hadn't heard anything.

"Is that right?" Jin Yulu waved her hand, and tossed out a small puppet. Xiu, the puppet rapidly enlarged, and became as tall as two people, vivid and lifelike. But this was not the main point. The main point was that this puppet held a long saber in its hand, exuding an incredibly fierce murderous aura, as if it could pierce a hole in the heavens itself.

A war colossus?

Ling Han had one in his possession, so he was immediately able to confirm that this was a war colossus.

Due to the craftsmanship of the war colossus, there were definitely strong and weak war colossus. This one might not be able to sweep aside all obstacles in Foundation Building, but Princess Bixiao had just broken through, so how strong could she be in Foundation Building Tier?

True enough, Jin Yulu brought people into the Imperial Capital aggressively, and their confidence was not just based on the name of an elite of Spiritual Transformation Tier. She did indeed have a deadly weapon in hand.

Princess Bixiao smiled faintly, "His Majesty has the broad- mindedness to accommodate the whole world. Since you all admire the prosperity of the Imperial Capital, we allow you to stay temporarily, but if you violate the laws of the Majestic Empire, you would also be dealt with according to the laws of the Majestic Empire, and then expelled from the Imperial Capital."

"Lord Department Chief, what do you think?" She looked towards Ling Han.

Everyone was envious. They had long heard that Ling Han and the princess of the Demon Race had an unusual relationship, and looking at the scene in front of them, it was undoubtedly true.

Princess Bixiao was not only an exquisite beauty, but was also the first person in the younger generation to cross into Celestial Path. Who would not be envious to be able to embrace such a beauty?
 