Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3524: Sea Race

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han smiled faintly, his eyes sweeping over Jin Yulu and the others. He did not even spare a glance at Hong Tianbu, and said calmly, “You all behave yourselves. If you do anything illegal, the Foreign Affairs Department will definitely not be reserved.”

“Let’s go.” He waved a hand, and Princess Bixiao immediately followed him. The two of them left.

The atmosphere here seemed very oppressive. After a while, some people immediately excused themselves, saying that they had something to do, and had to go back to deal with it, while others said that they were not feeling well, and had to rush off for treatment.

Very quickly, there was only less than one third of the people left here.

Jin Yulu’s beautiful eyes were filled with fury, while her hands were forcefully gripping onto the armrests of her chair, her whole body enshrouded in a coldness.

At this point, even if this martial arts gathering continued, could it still be called a “great gathering”?

This was a complete joke!

All of this was because of Ling Han and Princess Bixiao.

In this clash, it could be said that Ling Han and the others had a slight advantage. Though she managed to hold on in the end, and did not lose completely, it could not be denied that their auras had been suppressed. Otherwise, the majority of them would not have fled.

Everyone was wondering if the Foreign Affairs Department being so forceful was a kind of attitude from Chen Fengyan?

After all, the Spirit Transformation True Lord had not appeared yet, and if Chen Fengyan really made a move to call them to account, who would be able to stop him?

Hong Tianbu’s expression was also ugly. He had long since formed a relationship with a Spirit Transformation True Lord in the prison. This gathering of martial arts was meant to create momentum for him, yet in the end, it was completely ruined by Ling Han and the princess.

This detestable guy!

However, Princess Bixiao was actually the first to charge into Celestial Path. This stunned him. Even if the environment of heaven and earth had changed greatly, breaking through to Celestial Path was still an extremely difficult task.

Even in the previous generation, only one in a hundred people would succeed in breaking through to Celestial Pat, and even if they succeeded, in the subsequent trials of heaven and earth, at least half of them would not be able to hold on, and their divine sense would be destroyed.

Thus, it was really too difficult to become an elite of Celestial Path.

He had to leap over the Celestial Gate as soon as possible. Otherwise, no matter how freakish he was, against Princess Bixiao, he would still be like an ant. This was the difference between immortal and mortal.

“Lord Department Chief, are you satisfied with Bixiao’s performance?” After exiting the main doors, Princess Bixiao immediately smiled at Ling Han and asked for credit.

“100 points, even if I give you an extra 10 points, I won’t be afraid of making you proud,” Ling Han said with a smile.

“Then when are you going to teach me the Demonic Monkey Fists?” Princess Bixiao approached.

Ling Han gave an ‘ah’, his expression blank, “What Demonic Monkey Fists?”

This guy was really too shameless, actually pretending that he knew nothing? Princess Bixiao was rendered speechless. Even if Ling Han came up with some other excuse, she could still persuade him. However, Ling Han was shameless to this extent, so she didn’t know what else to say.

Recently, she already had no bottom line, but compared with Ling Han, she was like an amateur watching an expert.

Ling Han smiled faintly. ‘You still haven’t seen that large black dog. Otherwise, it would make you doubt yourself. How could there be such a shameless existence?’

After returning to the Foreign Affairs Department, Ling Han and Princess Bixiao both quietly cultivated. They had gained a lot of benefits recently, so they didn’t lack cultivation resources for the time being.

Furthermore, when the news of Jin Yulu and the others being thwarted spread out, the wave of allegiance that had initially been interrupted immediately began again. Every day, two or three forces would send in letters of surrender, and the Foreign Affairs Department would have to send someone to discuss the matter of accepting their allegiance.

At present, the Foreign Affairs Department was definitely the most profitable department in the Dark North Nation. Even the eyes of those Imperial Princes were red with envy. However, Chen Fengyan was always in seclusion, and no one could see him, so what could they do?

Jin Yulu and the others immediately became low-key. It was unknown whether they had truly been frightened, or if they were secretly planning something.

In the blink of an eye, a dozen over days had passed.

The heaven and earth changed greatly every day. A few days ago, a strange vine suddenly appeared. Not only was it in the city, even the dangerous mountains and rivers could not stop its growth. It was as if they existed in any corner of the world.

“This is the Wide Star Vine!”

Someone had flipped through ancient records, and recognized this kind of vine.

There was only a single Wide Star Vine on a planet. Thus, though everyone seemed to have seen a great many vines now, in truth, they were all branches that had grown from the mother vine, and the true mother vine had grown from the core of the planet.

Previously, the heaven and earth environment was not right, and lacked the growth conditions of the mother vine. It was only now that the heaven and earth had recovered, and the mother vine was once again flourishing.

The Wide Star Vine had a unique trait, and that was it could transmit messages. Every single leaf of the vine could record sound, or even factual images, and communication was also very simple. Using a special frequency to match it, the transmission of sound and words could be possible.

In the previous generation, as well as on other planets in the universe, there was no need for such means of communication as a phone. One Wide Star Vine was enough.

The appearance of this Wide Star Vine meant that the recovery of the Celestial Sea Planet was really close to completion.

All of a sudden, it was as if the whole planet was connected. No matter how far away you were, the news would be transmitted in an instant. There was no longer the situation that usually would have two to three days, or even a dozen over days of delay.

And the appearance of the Wide Star Vine also unexpectedly brought the Sea Race to the public.

Every planet had seas, and the Celestial Sea Planet, had the word “Sea” in its name, so the seas were astonishingly huge, taking up almost two thirds of the entire planet’s area. Moreover, the seas were three-dimensional, and could accommodate even more living creatures.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The heaven and earth had changed drastically, and Demon Races had also appeared in the sea, as well as… the underwater human race. After the civilization of the last generation had fallen, their ancestors had moved to the seabed, and were still very pure human.

Because the sea area was huge, and there were more people, there was naturally no shortage of prodigies and elites, as well as innumerable Treasured Fruits and Precious Fruits.

However, when the Sea Race left the seas, their battle prowess would decrease greatly, and this weakness could only be eliminated after they had advanced into Celestial Path, and even with the vastness of the seas and the abundance of resources, only four elites of Celestial Path had appeared so far.

Thus, the Sea Race did not invade the mainland all this while, and lived in peace.

Following the appearance of the Wide Star Vine, the Sea Race was greatly exposed, which also caused the humans of the Dark North Nation to exclaim in surprise. As it turned out, their understanding of this world was only the tip of the iceberg.

However, since there was a connection, some young prodigies of the Sea Race made bold remarks, declaring that they would go to the Imperial Capital to meet the so-called Twin Prodigies, and let the people on land know that the Sea Race was the true ruler of this world.

Unfortunately, Ling Han felt very innocent, but if any prodigy of the Sea Race really came, he wouldn’t mind killing them with a single punch.

Seven to eight days passed in this manner, and an astonishing piece of news spread out.

—A divine mountain had appeared on the sea, and it was suspected to be the legendary Ethereal Peak!

When the news spread out, it instantly stunned the entire Celestial Sea Planet.

With the Wide Star Vine, practically all news was transmitted in real time, without the slightest bit of delay. In other words, everyone was now standing on the same starting line.

Ling Han opened the optical computer and looked up information about the Ethereal Peak..