Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3525: Foundations of the Celestial Path

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What was the first step in Celestial Path?

Leaping over the Celestial Gate, building a celestial foundation.

Jumping over the Celestial Gate was a super transformation of the level of being, and the cornerstone of the Celestial Path was the foundation of the Celestial Path, the beginning of everything.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Thus, Celestial Foundation was extremely, extremely important.

The foundation stones of the Celestial Path could be built on their own, but one could also depend on treasures, and use them as the core, to build their celestial foundation.

Ordinarily, with treasures as the core, the Celestial Foundation that was constructed would be even sturdier than ordinary Celestial Foundations, and possess other powers.

Everyone knew that building a house required compacting the foundations, and the sturdier the foundations, the more high-rise buildings could be built.

It was the same for cultivators. The foundation stone of the Celestial Path could be considered to have decided their future accomplishments. It did not mean that just because the foundation stone was stable, one would definitely be able to charge up to the Spiritual Transformation Tier or even the Minor Advanced Tier. However, without a stable celestial foundation, it was possible that even the Cauldron Forging Tier would be nothing but delusion.

Ethereal Peak was a divine mountain. Usually, it was illusory, and no one knew where it was. Every once in a while, it would appear, and there were Core Divine Stones that could be used as foundation stones of the Celestial Path on the mountain!

It was said that elites that could become Spiritual Infant Tier elites and above all had a Divine Stone as their core. Only a very, very small number of great elites did not depend on the Divine Stone, and had also cultivated to an extremely high cultivation level, but there were pitifully few of such people.

Furthermore, the Divine Stone was the foundation stone of the Celestial Path, and could also allow the foundation stone of the Celestial Path to possess corresponding special abilities.

For example, Mysterious Stones could allow cultivators to sense the power upgrade of the Dao of Heaven and Earth, and speed up their cultivation. For example, Fire Dragon Stones could cause the cornerstone of the Celestial Path to spew out terrifying flames, and increase battle prowess. For example, Illusion Stones could create a fictional world, causing enemies to be trapped within.

Thus, no matter which angle one looked at it from, if one could use a Divine Stone as the core, and form the foundations of the Celestial Path, the benefits would be astonishingly great.

By now, the majority of people had been blocked beneath Celestial Path, yet the Ethereal Peak had suddenly appeared. Just what kind of massive commotion would this cause?

The whole world was in an uproar. Whether it was the Human Race, the Demon Race, or the Sea Race, as long as they had the slightest bit of ambition, they would all be on their way. This great opportunity would definitely be fought over!

When Ling Han found out, his heart also throbbed wildly.

Though he was still quite far from leaping over the Celestial Gate, it did not stop him from wanting to obtain a few Divine Stones first. When it was time to leap over the Celestial Gate, he could just directly take out the Divine Stones.

He discussed this with Princess Bixiao, who would oversee the Foreign Affairs Department. Meanwhile, Ling Han would head to Ethereal Peak to search for opportunities.

“That’s right, how did you build the foundations of the Celestial Path?” Ling Han asked Princess Bixiao.

This involved a little privacy, but Ling Han was curious. Previously, he had not known that building a Celestial foundation could also make use of Divine Stones.

He thought of the Divine Stone that he had obtained after shattering the Genesis World. Could he use it to build his foundation?

It shouldn’t be, right? That was because he had been so “weak” at the time, yet he had still been able to break through. Wasn’t using it to build a Foundation be like trying to build a structure out of tofu?

The amazing traits of the Divine Stone should have been absorbed by him.

“Our Demon Race naturally has some background, and has passed down some Divine Stones. I have the Clear Heaven Stone as my core,” Princess Bixiao said, a sliver of pride in her voice.

“Also harvested from Ethereal Peak?” Ling Han asked.

Princess Bixiao shook her head, “The Ethereal Peak is not the only place that has Divine Stones, but if you want to obtain them from other places, it would be like accidentally encountering a Celestial medicine, and in the case of the Ethereal Peak, it would be like you have entered into a Medicinal Garden, and the chances of obtaining it would be greatly increased.”

Ling Han nodded. No wonder Princess Bixiao was completely unmoved after learning of the appearance of the Ethereal Peak. As it turned out, her cornerstone of the Celestial Path was not weak at all.

“Then I’ll leave all the big and small matters in the department to you. I’ll set out tonight,” he said.

“That urgent?” Princess Bixiao was slightly surprised.

“I have no choice but to be anxious. Who knows when the Ethereal Peak would disappear again? Furthermore, I am not bringing the war colossus with me this time, so I have to be careful that someone would intercept me halfway,” Ling Han said with a smile.

Princess Bixiao nodded in understanding. Ling Han had left the war colossus in the department. After all, Ling Han’s trip this time was a private matter. Logically speaking, he shouldn’t use the resources of the Foreign Affairs Department. Moreover, the situation was changing rapidly at this moment, so the Foreign Affairs Department still needed a deadly weapon on stand by.

Ling Han went back to pack up. When the seven children found out that Ling Han was going to travel far, they naturally scrambled over one another to go with him. Ling Han thought for a moment. Rather than having them cause trouble in the residence, it would be better to bring them along.

As for the fat pig, it didn’t want to go, but Ling Han dragged it away forcefully. This fat pig could be used as a good shield.

Ling Han stored the babies and the fat pig into the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and Ling Han took advantage of the night to travel.

He left the Foreign Affairs Department quietly, and also left the city quietly. With his strength, it was naturally a piece of cake for him not to be discovered by the guards. At noon tomorrow, Princess Bixiao would only announce the news of his departure.

This time, he naturally did not use any kind of means of transportation. He was completely running on foot, but when Floating Wind and Clouds was used, his speed was faster than any kind of means of transportation.

He hadn’t used Imminent Skyline yet, and he could already cross over 50km with this one step. However, with his current cultivation level, he could only cast it a few times, and could only use it as a life-saving ultimate technique.

After walking for a few minutes, he leaped onto the top of a tree, and saw that the Imperial Capital was already very far away, but he could still see that it was brightly lit, which showed how prosperous the Imperial Capital was.

After leaving this time, who knew how long it would take for him to return.

Ling Han withdrew his gaze. He had been working hard on improving his cultivation level all this while. He was sure that after he crossed over into the Celestial Gate, his Spiritual Power would increase by tons. At that time, he should be able to release the empress and the others.

Thinking of this, he couldn’t help but feel excited, filled with the yearning for strength.

He used his movement technique, and rapidly dashed forwards. However, after a while, he suddenly felt an indescribable discomfort, as if he had been targeted.

He stopped, and used his ocular technique to look around, but found nothing. Had he been overly suspicious?

Ling Han frowned slightly. He had already been so careful, and this decision had also been made very suddenly. How could he still attract the attention of others?

He shook his head, and continued to run.

After completing the tempering of the Seventh Extreme, his bones were incredibly sturdy and tough. Even if he used Floating Wind and Clouds, he was still completely fine after over an hour, but his organs and skin that didn’t have any inscriptions couldn’t take it.

It was as if his internal organs were about to explode, and his skin was throbbing with pain as if it were about to be torn apart.

These internal organs could be upgraded by inscriptions, but the skin did not have a corresponding cultivation level that could cultivate it. Thus, no matter how strong a cultivator was, they would still be injured. It was just that the higher the cultivation level, the more difficult it would be to suffer serious injury and die.

That meant that he could only cultivate the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. Although it wasn’t perfect, it could still improve defenses.

He stopped to rest, and after his body recovered, he continued his journey. This time, there was no need for Floating Wind and Clouds. In any case, his normal speed was not slow, so there was no need for him to strive for double the speed of sound.

After running for a few hours, the horizon gradually became pale, and a red sun suddenly leaped out, blooming with millions and millions of morning clouds, filled with the vitality of life.

Ling Han hurriedly stopped, and began to cultivate.

Right at this moment, he suddenly sensed an absolute killing intent, and suddenly leaped up. Boom, a small mushroom cloud appeared where he had been sitting cross-legged, and endless dust and sand swirled..