Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3531 Going to the island

These merpeople were bewitching people with their voices that couldn't be heard, so it was clear that their spiritual power wasn't weak.

Unfortunately, compared to Ling Han, they were all amateurs.

To say nothing of the fact that Ling Han had been developing his spiritual power for a very long time, he had always placed great importance on improving his Spiritual Power. It should be known that he also had the Essence Nurturing Gourd, which could produce some kind of strange energy to nourish his divine sense and improve his Spiritual Power.

Being struck so suddenly, Ling Han only felt slight pain in his mind, but to hurt him?

Hehe.

He spread out his Spiritual Power, turning it into a shield that could not be seen with the naked eye, but the spiritual attacks that blasted towards him were all shattered, unable to injure him in the slightest.

"Not good, this human's Spiritual Power is extremely strong!"

"Use the Sea God's Horn to deal with him!"

A merman took out a dark green conch, and suddenly blew on it. Instantly, fog rolled out, covering this small reef densely.

Originally, there was no fog here, and now that the fog had spread out, he could not even see his own fingers. It was far thicker than the fog in the sea.

Ling Han was unafraid, and he activated his Eye Technique. This technique could see through all kinds of illusions. Although it couldn't compare to Second Baby, it was more than enough to deal with the current situation.

Xiu, a sword pierced towards him without pause.

Ling Han countered with a punch. Peng, instantly, the long sword flew, and the merman that had attacked directly turned into a mist of blood.

"What? Not only can this fog obstruct vision, but it's also extremely bewildering to divine sense. Why is it ineffective against him?"

"What a monster!"

The merpeople all exclaimed in shock. They had never encountered such an opponent before. No matter what they did, it was ineffective against him.

"Let's work together to activate the Sea God's Horn!"

The merpeople all blew the conch together.

Boom, a terrifying hurricane formed, and swept towards Ling Han. Its speed was not very fast, but its own revolution was extraordinarily fast, enough to crush even refined metal.

Ling Han shot out a kick. Peng, the hurricane winds were instantly dispersed by his kick.

The merpeople were all stunned speechless. This human was practically chillingly strong.

"Let's go!" "Quick, retreat!"

"The imitation Sea God's Horn can't do anything to him at all!"

"Ask the elites of our clan to suppress him."

Plop, plop! The merpeople all leaped into the sea and fled.

Ling Han didn't give chase. The sea wasn't his home ground. Firstly, in the matter of holding his breath, he couldn't hold on for too long, and when he reached the depths of the sea, even his physique wouldn't be able to withstand the terrifying water pressure. He would be crushed.

Once the merpeople left, or rather, the Sea God's Horn that had created the fog disappeared, the fog here instantly dispersed, and those who had been bewitched also came back to their senses as if they had just woken up from a dream. 

"Why am I here?"

"Shouldn't I be on the ship?"

"I seem to have heard an incredibly beautiful song, but why can't I hear it all of a sudden?"

These people were all very confused. They had lost all their memories from when they had been bewitched.

Not far away, the large ship also gradually appeared.

"We're here!" the people on the reef shouted, waving their hands.

Only then did they recall the legend. Those who heard the song at night would disappear, and they would never be able to return. They were all filled with lingering fear. They had appeared unconsciously on the reef, and were just one step away from disappearing.

The people on the ship also saw them, and waved their flags in greeting.

There were reefs here, and the large ship did not dare come over. Thus, the people on the rocks all used movement techniques, and began to run on the sea.

Everyone at least had the cultivation level of Blood Transformation Tier, and running on the surface of the sea was completely no big deal. As long as the waves were not too strong, they would not be smacked down onto the surface of the water.

After approaching the large ship, everyone leaped up, and landed on the deck.

In a short while, everyone had returned to the ship.

The people on the ship hurriedly asked for the reason, but those people could not give an explanation. They only knew that when they woke up, they were on that reef.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Strange"

Everyone nodded. Thinking of the legend, they could only think that this was a legend on the seas.

"Since the fog has dispersed, can we set out now?" someone suggested.

The ship's boss immediately nodded. Though not a single person was missing, and the fog had dispersed, he still felt uneasy, and wanted to leave this damn place as soon as possible. Hurriedly, he had the ship's crew raise the sails, and row the oars.

"Look at that reef!" someone shouted, pointing at that small reef.

Everyone looked over, and a strange scene appeared. That reef was actually melting, and very soon disappeared.

'Is it made of ice?'

Ling Han was also slightly surprised. No wonder he had felt a chill when he approached the reef previously.

"Hurry up and leave this godforsaken place!" everyone urged.

The large ship set sail, and very soon, left this sea area.

After travelling far away, everyone finally breathed a sigh of relief. That place was really too strange.

The night passed, and the sun rose. Everyone made the most of their time to cultivate.

Originally, they would have been able to reach Ethereal

Peak at noon, but because they had been delayed for a very long time yesterday, it was only in the evening that a mountain peak that towered into the clouds finally appeared ahead of them.

Ethereal Peak.

Everyone was excited, as if they already had a Divine Stone in hand and could now break through into the Celestial Path.

Seeing the divine mountain was one matter, but reaching it was another matter. The large ship travelled straight for over an hour, and only then did they finally approach the divine mountain.

The ship didn't dock, and there were many reefs near the coast. If one approached, they would only be stranded.

Thankfully, this little bit of journey was no big deal. Everyone leaped over from the ship, and walked on the water.

In truth, elites like Ling Han did not need to take a ship on their return trip. They could completely cross the sea on their own two legs. However, they could not encounter large waves. Otherwise, it would be very easy for them to be swept away by the ocean waters, and it was possible that they would be in great danger.

Ling Han also moved. He didn't need to use his full power, and at three times the speed of sound, at a "slow jog", he soon arrived on land.

This was actually an island. It was a very large island, and the central area of the island was the Ethereal Peak that pierced through the clouds. It was unknown how tall it was, and in any case, the top could not be seen at all when one raised his head.

Looking back, there were ripples of light on the surface of the sea, and under the light of the setting sun, it was as if there were tens of thousands of golden snakes dancing wildly, majestic and magnificent.

He walked on the beach. The sand was snow-white, like it was laid out in milk, and the touch was also very soft. However, he had not taken many steps when with the next step, he felt that there was actually nothing beneath him. His whole person was sinking downwards.

Peng, white sand flew, and a bloody mouth actually appeared beneath it. Each of its teeth was like a sword, about two feet long, and one row was next to another, as thick as four rows.

Ling Han hurriedly channeled his Spiritual Power and wrapped it around his feet. Then, he ruthlessly stomped down on a sharp fang.

Peng, he used the momentum to soar into the skies, then descended backwards.

He landed on the beach, and the monster that was lying in ambush under the sand also revealed its true appearance. It was actually a super-large-sized red-shelled insect. It was completely white in colour, and this was also one of the reasons why it could hide in the sand for an ambush.

This was really a colossal creature. Its body was as long as thirty metres, and at this moment, it was opening its mouth, saliva dripping from its mouth. Its eyes were fixed on Ling Han, incredibly vicious.