Chapter 3539  The creature in the lake

Ling Han sank all the way to the bottom, as if the water in this lake was all empty air, and could not provide the slightest bit of buoyancy.

Moreover, he could see clearly that the moon in the water wasn't a reflection at all. Instead, it was a gigantic silvery-white eye.

At this time, a colossal creature also charged towards him. It had eight extraordinarily long and soft legs, and the moment it touched the bottom of the lake, its body suddenly sped up, incredibly fast.

This was a massive octopus!

Shua, the octopus had already stretched out a tentacle, which struck towards him.

Ling Han sank to the bottom, and immediately, with a tap of his foot, he wanted to break out of the water and return to the shore. However, he shockingly discovered that when he sank, it was as if the lake water did not exist, but when he wanted to jump up, the water pressure was pressing down, layer by layer, causing his speed to be completely unable to be unleashed.

The tentacle had already reached him.

Ling Han hurriedly threw a punch in response. Peng! A massive power surged over, and he was instantly sent flying.

Under the resistance of the water, he did not retreat too far, but inside his body, it felt like rivers and seas were being overturned, and he felt indescribably terrible.

This was an existence of Mystery Realm Tier. Moreover, it was possible that it was standing at the peak stage of Mystery Realm Tier. This power was too terrifying.

If Ling Han had not reached the Seventh Extreme, this blow would have been enough to shatter half of his bones. Now, it was still fine. Under the protection of the incredibly hard bones, his internal organs had only suffered a shock, and were not damaged.

Shua, the octopus whipped out another tentacle.

Ling Han ignored the pain in his body, and hurriedly drew out the battle hammer. Zi, lightning blazed, and struck out at the octopus.

However, when electricity was discharged from the water, though the main target was directly aimed at the giant octopus, it was inevitable that a portion of the electricity would seep out, and be transmitted to Ling Han. Instantly, he shivered continuously, and almost could not even hold onto his hammer.

Zi, under the barrage of lightning, the giant octopus showed a sliver of sluggishness, giving Ling Han the chance to dodge. Peng, the tentacle lashed out, and the whole lake's surface was boiling. It also stirred up countless specks of sand, causing the lake waters that were originally so clear that one could see the bottom to become extremely murky.

This giant octopus was too fierce, wasn't it? It had taken on the attack from a One Star Spirit Tool head-on, and the attack only caused it to become slightly sluggish?

Though Ling Han was unable to unleash the full might of the Spirit Tool, it should be enough to cause trouble for a Mystery Realm Tier.

Shua, the octopus attacked again.

Ling Han unleashed a murderous aura attack. This was gained when he reached the Seventh Change, and it was guaranteed that there wouldn't be another person in the world with this kind of ability.

There was no such thing as distance in the murderous aura attack. It arrived in an instant.

However, the octopus was completely unaffected. When its tentacles lashed out, they were still as ferocious as before.

F***, it actually didn't take the murderous aura attack?

This was not a normal octopus. Otherwise, how could it be like this?

Ling Han brandished the battle hammer and smashed it over. Though this would also have some effect on him, it was still better than being killed by the tentacles.

He activated his eye technique, yet this octopus was extremely lively, and it didn't look like it was a fake at all. However, Ling Han saw through the weak point of this attack. With a flash, he once again dodged this attack.

He had never been the type to be on the defensive. As he dodged, he continued to counterattack, delivering a punch of power.

However, in the water, every bit of power that was delivered would be decreased by a bit due to the obstruction of the water. Thus, when the power of the punch landed on the octopus, at least one third of the power had been wasted.

Peng, this punch landed on the octopus's body, and did not cause the slightest bit of damage. It only caused a ripple to form on its skin.

Because Ling Han had activated his ocular technique, he saw even more things. When the force of the punch reached it, the octopus monster's skin tightened, causing the power of the punch to spread out evenly over a large area, causing the power of this blow to become practically zero.

However, taking advantage of these few strikes, Ling Han finally retreated back to the shore.

Tong, he broke through the water and returned to the bank.

The giant octopus surfaced, and its gigantic single eye stared at him for a while. Then, it slowly sank under the surface of the lake.

In a short while, the entire lake returned to its previous calm.

Ling Han frowned. This lake was extremely wide, and it was impossible to cross it in a single leap. Furthermore, he could not borrow the slightest bit of power from the surface of the water. Once he fell into the water, the resistance would be astonishingly strong, and that giant octopus would immediately rush over to launch an attack, which made crossing the lake incredibly difficult.

Yi, why was this small raft able to float then?

This place was indeed strange.

Ling Han decided to cast Imminent Skyline. One step would allow him to cross over 50 kilometers, so crossing this great lake shouldn't be a problem.

He immediately took a step forward. However, it was as if there was an invisible wall in the air. Peng! He hit a wall, and his entire body instantly slid down from the sky. With a plop, he fell into the lake.

In an instant, the giant octopus had already arrived. Shua, its tentacles waved, showing no mercy. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In any case, they could be considered acquaintances, so couldn't it give him some face?

Ling Han hurriedly used all possible means, retreating all the way back to the shore.

At first, he had wanted to circle around the giant octopus and go to the other side, but there was nothing he could do about it. It had eight legs, and had a watertight defense.

Even Imminent Skyline couldn't help him cross this lake?

What about using Heavenly Pattern Jade?

Ling Han thought of the giant octopus's strange power dissolution method, and felt that the Heavenly Pattern Jade would also be very ineffective. More importantly, it was hidden at the bottom of the lake, and even if he shot out the Heavenly Pattern Jade, it would still be affected by the water's resistance. Just how fast could it reach?

He will use the hide of the Void Beast then.

He draped it over himself, then entered the water. Immediately, he discovered that once he was soaked by the water, his invisibility had lost its effect.

F***, how was he supposed to play this?

He could only cross the lake.

Ling Han thought for a moment. If the octopus attacked, he could steer the raft and dodge. He could see through the opponent's attack with his eye technique, and take advantage of the opening to pass through. If he wanted to defeat or even kill this giant monster, it was obviously impossible.

He crossed the river by boat again. He had not travelled too far, when the surface of the water split open, and the giant octopus had indeed launched another attack.

Ling Han's right hand brandished the battle hammer and shot out lightning. Now that he was on the raft, there was no need for him to worry about being affected by the lightning.

He rowed with his left hand, and with a powerful stroke, the small raft broke through the water's surface. Its speed was astonishingly fast, and when the octopus monster was electrocuted to numbness, the small raft quickly dodged the attack, and sped forwards.

However, the octopus monster had eight tentacles, and even if he dodged one, there would be another.

Ling Han activated his Eye Technique, and could see everything. The world was channeling at a speed that had slowed down a hundredfold. His hands moved at the same time, his right hand delivered attacks, while his left hand paddled. He rowed freely under the mad barrage of attacks from the octopus monster, and always found a chance of survival.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Large waves rose up on the surface of the lake. The small raft swayed indefinitely, as if it would capsize at any moment, but under Ling Han's control, it continued to maintain an astonishing stability.

He dodged the first round of attacks, and finally broke through the blockade of the octopus monster, charging towards the other side of the lake.

The octopus monster caught up, and its speed was even faster. Brandishing its eight tentacles, it began a second round of attacks.

Ling Han was still the same as before. As he brandished the battle hammer, he created a sliver of a chance for himself to escape, and at the same time, he rapidly paddled. Only when he reached the other end would he truly be able to break free from the octopus monster.