Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3540 Expropriation

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Behind Ling Han, the waves surged close to three hundred meters high, creating a terrifying wave. The surface of the lake rippled like a carpet, adding a lot of trouble to Ling Han, and the difficulty of controlling the raft suddenly increased greatly.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Thankfully, his Spiritual Power was strong. If there was any mistake, Spiritual Power could also adjust the raft's bow in time, and continue to advance in the right direction.

This was a great battle of survival. The giant octopus seemed to be invincible, and he could only dodge it all the way.

After a long time, the banks of the lake finally appeared ahead of them.

Ling Han was overjoyed. After rowing a few more times, his figure soared, and leaped towards the opposite bank of the lake.

Shua, shua, shua! The giant octopus carried out its final attack, its eight tentacles moving at the same time.

Peng, Ling Han landed on the ground. He turned around to take a look, and the tentacles of the octopus scraped past his back. A strong wind whistled, causing his hair to flutter wildly, but that was all.

The giant octopus did not attack again, and merely stared at him.

Ling Han grimaced, and said with a smile, "Eight-legged monster, chase me if you can. Believe it or not, I'll turn you into roast octopus!"

The large octopus naturally would not answer him. Its body gradually sank into the water, and soon disappeared from sight.

"If I had advanced into Enlightenment Tier, even if I couldn't kill this ugly monster, I wouldn't be in such a sorry state." Ling Han sighed, appearing a little depressed.

However, he didn't think about it. In the past, only Mystery Realm Tier elites would come to this Ethereal Peak. In fact, even Enlightenment Tiers didn't have the right to set foot on this peak. However, there was a lapse in the path of cultivation, and now that Ethereal Peak had appeared, all those below the Celestial Path basically came over, but ninety percent of them would be eliminated. They wouldn't even be qualified to reach the island.

It was really not easy for him to barge all the way here on his own.

Ling Han continued onwards. Ahead of him was another long mountain path, winding upwards. He was very careful, checking whether there would be any stone monsters formed by formations on the way.

However, he was worrying too much. This journey was very peaceful.

As they walked, Ling Han felt that the mountain suddenly became gentler, and at this time, the mountain path had also reached its end. A canyon appeared ahead of them, and at the mouth of the canyon, there was a large group of people either seated or standing.

Ling Han pondered for a moment before retrieving a mask and putting it on. He was the Department Chief of the Foreign Affairs Department at this moment, so there were most likely many people who were displeased with him. Thus, it would be best for him to conceal his identity.

Being able to reach this place ahead of him, these people should not be ordinary people. After he put on a mask, he could also hide his own cultivation level. No one would doubt it even if he claimed to be a Mystery Realm Tier. Otherwise, if one's cultivation level was too low, it would sometimes attract trouble.

Thus, it was better to avoid unnecessary trouble. After all, he had come here for the Divine Stone. Fighting was only secondary.

He strode over, instantly attracting the attention of many people.

"Finally, another one has come," someone said with a smile. He was a member of the Sea Race. Because he had gills on his face, as well as a fish's beard, it was unclear what breed he was.

"His abilities don't seem all that impressive," another person said. He was a member of the Demon Race, and he had the head of a rat. However, his fur was golden, and he radiated with the might of a lion.

"Indeed, this ability is a little weak," a third person said. He was a real huamn, and there was nothing off about him from the outside. 

Very naturally, though Ling Han was incredibly freakish, he was only a Three Inscriptions in the end. In the eyes of a Mystery Realm Tier, this was naturally not strong enough. "I am Han Lin." Ling Han clasped his hands in greeting.

"Gege, why are you still covering your face? Are you too ugly?" A woman covered her mouth and laughed. She was quite beautiful, and her figure was also quite impressive, but these words made one feel slightly uncomfortable.

Ling Han knew that it was still because he was too weak that everyone looked down on him from the bottom of their hearts.

F***, if you really anger me, I'll set up a large-scale

Absolute Fairness formation in the surroundings. Let's see how many people would be able to withstand a single blow from me!

Ling Han did not flare up. This group of people had gathered together, and did not continue onwards. Either there was a barrier ahead that was difficult to cross, or there was a great opportunity here, and they were unwilling to leave.

As expected, someone explained to him that there was a cave here. According to historical records, there would be Divine Stones inside, and there were even top grade Ten Thousand Star Stones. If he used them to cultivate a Celestial Foundation, he would be able to possess a portion of the abilities of the Celestial Physique.

It should be known that the Ten Thousand Stars Celestial Physique was a top grade Innate Divine Physique. As long as a person who possessed this kind of physique did not die, he would at least be able to become a great elite of Sect Master-level in future!

Thus, these people were all eyeing the Ten Thousand Star Stones covetously.

But the problem was that there were still a large number of Bloodstream Pythons in this cave.

An adult Bloodstream Python could reach Mystery Realm Tier. Moreover, unlike other pythons, the Bloodstream Python was not only powerful, but also extremely poisonous. Thus, they would cause a very, very serious headache.

There was not just one or two Bloodstream Pythons in the cave, but at least a few hundred. This was frightening. Even these self-proclaimed prodigies did not dare to barge in. They had to find enough people before they could combine forces to sweep through the cave.

They had commandeered Ling Han, and who asked him to be weak?

His words were very blunt. It was either fight with them, or die. There was no third choice.

-If Ling Han was really a Mystery Realm Tier elite, or even in fact, he only had to advance into Enlightenment Tier, and these people would definitely not dare to threaten him like this. Instead, they would invite him to join them, and promise him benefits.

As for now? He had to exert some effort, but there was no benefit to be gained.

"Hey, just how ugly are you, that you won't even show your face?" The woman from before actually did not give up, and was still staring at Ling Han, determined to see his appearance.

Ling Han ignored her. He naturally would not reveal his true face. There were quite a number of familiar faces here, such as Jin Yulu. If she discovered him, would she take this chance to kill him?

"Brat, you are so bold, that you don't even take me seriously?" This woman revealed a fierce look.

"Forget it, forget it," someone beside her advised.

This woman was still not willing to give up, and kept mumbling, saying that she, Ma Qiuling, had never seen such an arrogant person, and could not close her mouth at all.

"No need to drop down to his level. When we attack the snake cave, let him be the vanguard, and the first to be killed," the person who advised said.

Only then was Ma Qiuling willing to give up, but the gaze she directed at Ling Han was still extremely unfriendly.

Ling Han humphed internally. Merely by looking at their expressions, he knew that these two definitely did not have any good intentions.

Let's see if I can't get the two of you killed?

When night fell, a few more people came here, but they were all elites of Mystery Realm Tier. They were either members of the Sea Race or had walked out from the prison. At present, the number of young elites that had come out from these two places was the highest.

Because these people were powerful, they were politely invited to attack the snake cave together. In comparison, the treatment that Ling Han received was really as poor as could be.

When night fell, most people closed their eyes to rest. They weren't made of metal, so it was necessary for them to rest appropriately.

It was about time.

Ling Han quietly drew out the Void Beast hide, and draped it over his body. Immediately, he sank into the Void.

He looked towards the tent that Ma Qiuling was in, and a cold smirk appeared at the corners of his lips.