Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3542: Stealing treasure

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the end of the cave, there was a colossal Bloodstream Python coiled up. Its torso was as wide as a water barrel, and even if it was coiled up, it could still be seen that its length was at least thirty metres long. There were lines on its body that looked like they had been rubbed on with blood.

This was naturally the origin of the name of Bloodstream Python, and these blood streams were still releasing a fishy smell, containing strong poison.

Ling Han frowned. Previously, though the Bloodstream Pythons had also exuded an air of strong poison, it was far from being as strong as this. He only had to hold his breath for a moment, and he would be fine. However, this Bloodstream Python in front of him was too big, and the air of strong poison it exuded was also stronger.

Moreover, it seemed like it had been coiled here all this while. Thus, the poisonous Qi in this area was even denser, and there was still some distance between them, but Ling Han felt like he was about to pass out.

So this was the Demonic Snake King?

Obviously, this large snake was not Celestial Path-level. Otherwise, it would be able to easily see through his disguise. With him manipulating the Void Beast hide, and his present strength, he could not become invisible in front of Celestial Path-level elites.

This was a king tier of Mystery Realm Tier, and its abilities far surpassed the other Bloodstream Pythons.

Ling Han’s cold eyes swept over this large snake. He saw that beside the large snake, there was also a strange stone. It seemed to contain innumerable stars, exuding a faint light.

Ten Thousand Star Stone.

Ling Han immediately determined that it was the most precious thing in the entire cave.

Yi?

He saw that there was a purple plant next to the Ten Thousand Star Stone. It was about a foot tall, and its stem was like a purple jade, incredibly sparkling and translucent.

This was… Purple Jade Spiritual Herb!

Ling Han was pleasantly surprised. This was something good; eating it could increase one’s cultivation level.

The problem was that the Purple Jade Spiritual Herb was right next to the Demonic Snake King. If he walked too close, would the Demonic Snake King discover him?

However, he was too eager to increase his cultivation level. In this place, if he did not advance into Enlightenment Tier, he would have to depend on a Spirit Tool to be able to contend with Mystery Realm Tiers, and he was sure that there would be a great many people here that had a Spirit Tool. Once a fight broke out, he would be at too much of a disadvantage.

Hence, he had to quickly advance into Mystery Realm Tier.

He definitely had to obtain it.

Ling Han quietly approached, and when he was still a few meters away, the Demonic Snake King sensed something. It raised its head, and looked around. It stuck out its tongue, as if it had discovered something.

Ling Han hurriedly stopped. After a while, the Demonic Snake King’s head drooped again, as if it had fallen asleep again.

Aside from hunting, snakes would usually curl up and rest, not wasting their stamina. Even such a powerful existence like the Bloodstream Python did not change this trait.

Ling Han held his breath. Firstly, he had to defend against the invasion of the poisonous Qi, and secondly, he had to avoid being sensed by the Demonic Snake King as much as possible.

With his current strength, it was no problem for him to endure for half an hour, but this was not safe. The poisonous Qi still had a very strong corrosive effect on his skin, causing him to feel waves of itch, and he wanted nothing more than to scratch himself to his heart’s content.

He lowered his head, and sure enough, his skin was all red, and slightly swollen.

He had to be faster, or he would be poisoned even if he did not inhale the poisonous Qi.

Ling Han sped up the tempo slightly, but this immediately drew the attention of the Demonic Snake King. It raised its head again, and this time, it was staring directly in the direction of Ling Han. Those green eyes were filled with ferocity, that even Ling Han felt like he was sweating.

Thankfully, the Demonic Snake King didn’t attack in the end, and it slowly leaned its head back down.

Ling Han didn’t dare to increase his speed any further. This attracted the attention of the Demonic Snake King, and the faster he was, the less he would be able to achieve.

He walked slowly, like a tortoise crawling.

—It was not that he had not considered launching a sneak attack with the Heavenly Pattern Jade. However, when the Demonic Snake King rested, it had buried its head into its body, so there was absolutely no way it could directly hit it. With its colossal body and the vitality of snakes, even if it was sliced in half, it would not die for the moment. Then, the Demonic Snake King that had gone berserk would be enough to kill Ling Han many times over.

After a long time, Ling Han finally arrived at the side of the Ten Thousand Star Stone and the Purple Jade Spiritual Herb. He held the Ten Thousand Star Stone in one hand and the Purple Jade Spiritual Herb in the other. He suddenly plucked the Purple Jade Spiritual Herb and broke into a run.

Instantly, the Demonic Snake King reacted. Its snake tail flashed madly, and whipped out at Ling Han. Its speed was extremely fast, and the Demonic Snake King also spat out waves of poisonous Qi from its mouth, greatly increasing its corrosive ability.

With a leap, Ling Han had already reached the turn ahead of him. He immediately turned around, and threw the Essence Nurturing Gourd into a very large crevice in the rocks above him. Then, with a xiu, he himself had entered.

The Demonic Snake King slithered over, and naturally lost track of Ling Han. It stuck out its tongue, sensing for Ling Han’s aura, but found nothing. It slithered for a long time, and a great many Bloodstream Pythons also slithered over, searching with their boss.

However, this was all in vain.

The moment Ling Han entered into the Essence Nurturing Gourd, he immediately took out an alchemical pill to cure the poison. Though it was not a specific antidote pill, it would still be of some help in dissolving the poison.

“Father, what’s wrong?” The children all gathered around him, and the perverted pig only showed an expression of delight at his misfortune.

“I’m fine,” he said.

Ling Han channelled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique to neutralize the poison. His heart beat strongly, gushing out vast and mighty vitality, and the liver was also secreting antidote, so his efficiency was astonishingly high.

This was because the inscriptions he had placed on these two organs had exceeded one million, so their performance naturally far surpassed other Inscription Tier cultivators.

Even so, he still spent a day’s time to completely dispel the poison.

Ling Han was just about to leave, when he heard the sounds of battle coming from outside.

The group of people outside had broken in?

Ling Han thought for a moment, and decided to hide here for a while first. That was because his invisibility was not like Second Baby’s, wherein she had really entered into the Void and could not be touched. Instead, he would be exposed once he was hit.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In a chaotic battle, the chances of being hit were too high.

He took out the Purple Jade Spiritual Herb. In any case, what did it matter where he was refining this?

Should he boil it a bit?

This thought flashed through Ling Han’s mind, and then he laughed in spite of himself. This was not a meal, so was there any need to be particular about whether it was delicious or not?

He picked up the Purple Jade Spiritual Herb and bit down. Crack! He bit off a piece, and immediately, a sour taste spread out in his mouth.

So disgusting.

Forget it, he chewed madly, then swallowed the thing down his stomach.

After taking a few bites, Ling Han felt a burning sensation in his abdomen. The medicinal effects were already circulating.

He stopped, and channelled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique to refine the medicinal effects.

As the mystical power circulated, he stimulated the expansion of his meridians.

The commotion outside was getting louder and louder, but Ling Han did not feel it at all. He focused his full attention on pushing the expansion of his meridians, so that the mystical power could be stored even more, and the explosive power would also be greater.

When the medicinal effects had disappeared, he took a few more bites, then continued.

After a day and a night, he finally cultivated to the end of Three Inscriptions.

His meridians could no longer expand. Even if they expanded just a little bit more, he would actually feel waves of severe pain.

All right, he could now attempt to break through to Four Inscriptions.

Without hesitation, he began to break through.

The advancement into the next minor level of cultivation was too simple for him. The difficulty lay in how to carve more inscribed patterns on the body within a limited amount of time..