Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3552: Beginning Counterattack

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Half an hour had passed, and there was no longer any effect from cultivating. Ling Han stood up. Previously, he had only used the perverted pig to block attacks because he didn’t want to waste his precious time of cultivation. He would only occasionally counter with a punch.

“You want to kill me?” Ling Han asked calmly, “You also want the treasure in my possession?”

“Hand it over, or die!” That person shouted.

Ling Han couldn’t help but laugh, “Has your head been kicked by a donkey? Just now, I sat on the ground and allowed you to attack me, yet you still couldn’t hurt me in the slightest. Yet, you still dream of killing me and snatching my treasure?”

That person was rendered speechless. Previously, his whole mind was filled with treasures, so he had not considered so much. Now that he thought about it, it was really terrifying.

He couldn’t help but retreat, a coldness rising up in his heart.

If anyone had said before that he would be afraid of an Inscription Tier, he would never believe it even if it killed him. He would directly reprimand the speaker for uttering nonsense, but now, he was suddenly afraid. This person was a monster.

“If you didn’t run just now, would you still have a chance now?” Ling Han asked with a smile.

Of course, even if that person had fled just now, Ling Han would have still pursued him. However, if he had not fled, he naturally was not willing to waste the time spent on cultivation.

That person thought for a moment, then suddenly released a battle cry. He definitely could not deal with Ling Han by himself. Thus, even if a portion of the treasures had to be divided among them, he would still have to summon helpers.

Ling Han was unconcerned. If one came, he would kill one, and if two came, he would kill a pair.

Right now, only Hong Tianbu and the pitifully few two-star geniuses could pose a threat to him.

As the cry rang out, four other cries immediately rang out in reply from afar, but they were coming from different directions.

The man instantly felt reassured, and said, “My companions are about to arrive. Hand over half of the treasures now, and I can let you go.”

Ling Han chuckled, and said, “You’ve come up with quite a good idea. If there were four people, you would only be able to get one fifth of the profits. Now, however, you’re able to get half of the profits. I’m already starting to think quite highly of you.”

■■Enough with the nonsense. Are you handing it over or not?” the person shouted harshly. Time was limited.

“In life, you have to be down-to-earth. Don’t always think of illusory things,” Ling Han said with a smile.

“YOU really won’t give up until you’re faced with the grim reality!” the person said through gritted teeth. He was slightly resentful. It was clearly a win-win situation.

Ling Han moved, and swept towards that person, “I will send you on your way

first.”

“In your dreams!” That person brandished his saber in a counterattack, the saber light blazing, majestic and mighty.

Ling Han channeled high-level energy, which entwined around his hands. His two fists immediately became as if they were forged from gold. Ding, ding, ding! He took the saber’s blade head-on, and with every strike he took, golden shards could be seen falling from his fists.

That was high-level energy. When it was severed, it would still instantly recover. Ling Han’s current Spiritual Power had become much stronger.

That person couldn’t help but feel shocked. He actually used his bare fists to parry a Mystery Realm Tier-level precious tool. This was practically a monster.

Just how powerful was your Spiritual Power, to actually be able to stimulate so much high-level energy?

Ling Han aggressively advanced, throwing punch after punch, beating that person so hard that he barely managed to parry.

That person was absolutely shocked. How could there be such a powerful Inscription Tier?

Why was his reinforcements still not here?

If this continued, he would only be able to hold on for another one or two minutes, at most, before he was done for.

He hurriedly boiled his blood and Qi. Even if he would be at a disadvantage later, he couldn’t care less. If he couldn’t withstand this incredibly fierce wave of attacks from Ling Han, he wouldn’t be able to last until his companions arrived.

After boiling his blood and Qi, that person’s power immediately soared by close to three times. This was still a little strong. In terms of power, he had completely suppressed Ling Han, and in an instant, reversed the disadvantage. Ling Han was unconcerned, and merely used that person as a sparring partner, testing out his battle prowess to his heart’s content.

He channelled the Demonic Monkey Fists, and as he shot out a punch, the Primitive Demonic Monkey appeared once more, exuding a terrifying air of violence. There was no need for a barrage of murderous aura, and it was enough to stun his opponent, giving rise to an incomparable fear.

That person hurriedly raised his fighting spirit, and battled fiercely with Ling Han. However, his willpower was suppressed, which caused his battle prowess to drop drastically. Even if his blood and Qi had boiled, it was not of much use. Fortunately, after such a long time, someone finally rushed over.

Xiu, a figure charged over, holding a curved saber in hand, slashing out at Ling Han.

In the Celestial Path, most people’s Spirit Tools were in the form of sabers, swords, spears, and other weapons. Their effects were also very simple, and that was to increase their destructive power after activation. It could not be helped, as it was determined by their level.

Ling Han humphed and replied with a punch.

Peng!

The fist landed on the blade of the saber, and sparks shot out in all directions. High-level energy fluctuated, and this saber strike was dispersed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“What?” The passerby couldn’t help but feel shocked. He wasn’t dreaming, was he? An Inscription Tier cultivator could be as strong as this?

Ling Han cracked a smile, “You didn’t expect this, did you?”

Not only had he not expected this, he had practically been shocked. “Quick, boil blood and Qi. As long as we hold him back, when more people come, we would naturally be able to apprehend him,” the first man said.

■■All right!” The second person did not dare to have any illusions, and hurriedly boiled his blood and Qi, launching a mad barrage of attacks at Ling Han.

Very soon, a third person came, then a fourth, a fifth, and the four people who had previously responded had all arrived.

Thankfully, they had arrived in the nick of time. Otherwise, the time limit for the first and second person’s blood and Qi to boil was about to arrive.

“Humph, Ling Han, why aren’t you running anymore?” the fifth person who appeared last asked coldly. He was still unclear about the situation. Ling Han cracked a smile, and directly rushed towards him, “Why should I run?” He opened his mouth and spat out a golden sword.

This was a sword made of metal that had been formed by his internal organs. It exuded an endless air of violence, and shot towards that person.

This strike was unstoppable!

Ling Han’s current battle prowess could already crush 99% of Mystery Realm Tiers. Moreover, this sword of metal was formed from cultivating Seven Inscriptions, so its might was inconceivable.

That person tried to block it, but he couldn’t block it at all. In fact, he had completely not foreseen that Ling Han would be able to spit out a sword from his mouth. With a pu, his chest was instantly pierced through, and blood gushed out.

He lowered his head to take a look, his expression filled with disbelief. He was completely unable to accept that he had actually been insta-killed with a single strike.

But no matter how much he did not believe it, so what? His legs weakened, and he was already lying on the ground.

He was dead.

Hiss the remaining four all inhaled sharply. Their strength was about the same, and this meant that if Ling Han wanted to kill them, he would only need a single strike.

Heavens, this guy had done it on purpose. He had pretended that the two of them were evenly matched and could battle back and forth, and only killed when they had gathered together.

“You guys are chasing me very happily, aren’t you?” Ling Han turned around, his killing intent blazing like smoke. “However, I am very displeased, and have a stomach full of anger. Now is the time for you guys to repay your debts!” He charged out, and with a crash of his body, peng, instantly, a person was sent flying, and only stopped when he had crashed into the tree behind him. However, his back was immediately corroded, causing him to itch and shout loudly.

“Everyone, go all out!” the first man said with a livid expression. He slapped his chest, and instantly spat out a large mouthful of blood. His hair fell off, revealing a bald head. There were actually three veined patterns on the top of his head, and they were glowing at the same time.

His aura instantly soared..