Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3555: Vegetable field

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor. Henyee Translations

Ling Han stored the babies into the gourd. He only left the fat pig in his hands.

Fat Pig: “•••”

■Did Uncle Pig offend you? Why are you using Uncle Pig as a shield whenever there’s a problem?1

Though he had broken through to Seven Inscriptions, Ling Han wasn’t insufferably arrogant.

It was a fact that his cultivation level was low. There was still a gap of two major tiers between him and Mystery Realm Tier elites, and Hong Tianbu and Jin Yulu were both beings whose battle prowess overwhelmed their peers. If they really came to blows, he definitely wouldn’t have any advantage. Thus, he definitely had to make full use of his “treasures”, such as the Heavenly Pattern Jade, the Void Beast Skin, and this perverted pig that could dispel all attacks.

Ling Han strode forwards. Now, he was really unafraid. Even if he had to face Hong Tianbu again, he wouldn’t be like how he had been in the past, not even being qualified to exchange a single blow, and could only flee at the first instant.

As he walked up the mountain path, hidden stone monsters appeared here again. They were all killed with a single punch from Ling Han, unable to fight back at all.

Why was this place so fixated on rocks so much?

It produced Divine Stones, and there were also a great many stone-shaped monsters in the area of defense, though they were formed from formations.

Ling Han thought to himself, yet his speed did not slow down in the slightest. Very soon, he had reached the end of this mountain path, and a stone house appeared ahead of him.

He walked over to take a look. Just like before, there was only a stone table inside. There were nine holes on it, and round cores could be embedded.

Previously, Ling Han still had seven left. On this stretch of the road, he had killed another twenty rock monsters, and had twenty seven round cores in his possession, which was just enough to trade for three Foundation Building Divine Stones.

Although it wasn’t top-notch, being able to use a Divine Stone to build foundations definitely far surpassed one’s own breakthrough, so it was definitely worth a lot of money.

After leaving the stone house, there was not a large lake ahead of him, but rather a vegetable field.

This… a field of flowers was followed by a field of vegetables. Was there an addiction to farming?

Ling Han advanced. There was no formation laid out in this vegetable field, so it didn’t shrink his size.

He looked around. This vegetable field was filled with the seedlings of loofahs, watermelons, pumpkins, and other plants. However, they had only sprouted. If it was not for the fact that he had read extensively for the sake of studying herbs, not everyone would be able to recognize the seedlings of these plants. Walking through this huge vegetable field, there was… even more vegetable fields ahead of him.

However, the plants planted in this field all bore fruits. Alternating stripes of dark green and light green on watermelons, the surface smooth, yellow pumpkins, some were long pillar-shaped, some were basin-shaped, there were also loofahs, and grapes.

And in front of the melon fields, there were a great many people standing. Huang Zhiting and Sikong Huan. He could only name the two of them, but he had also seen the crabmen and sealmen of the Sea Race before. Now, they were all standing there.

All of them were there, aside from Hong Tianbu, Jin Yulu, and a few others.

It was clear that this melon field wasn’t ordinary, so no one dared to cross it. However, Hong Tianbu and the others had all disappeared. Did this mean that they had already entered the melon field?

“Ling Han!”

When Ling Han saw these people, these people naturally saw him as well. At first, they were stunned, then revealed expressions of great joy.

“Haha, it’s fine even if we can’t cross over this place. A man who has the Ten Thousand Star Stone in his possession has delivered himself to our doorstep!” “HOW foolish. He has clearly already obtained the highest grade Divine Stone, and still does not leave quickly. I really don’t know what’s wrong with his brain.”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“This isn’t stupidity. It’s greed, right?”

Everyone said one after another. Some were sighing, while others were mocking.

Their previous plans had failed time and time again. This was only a mere Inscription Tier; how could he be so difficult to kill?

However, this idiot had delivered himself right onto his doorstep. -Die!” Sikong Huan was the first to jump out, and charged towards Ling Han. “Don’t even think about it!” The others all rushed over. They definitely could not allow Sikong Huan to take the lead, or he would definitely bring Ling Han’s corpse down the mountain directly.

Ling Han snickered, and the Heavenly Pattern Jade in his hand immediately shot out.

Xiu!

After he advanced into Seven Inscriptions, his Spiritual Power naturally increased further. The Heavenly Pattern Jade instantly accelerated to thirteen times the speed of sound, like a shooting star. Even Mystery Realm Tier elites couldn’t catch a trace of it.

The Heavenly Pattern Jade instantly crashed into one of them. Peng! One of them was instantly smashed into smithereens. Something that weighed 5,000 kilograms crashed into him at 13 times the speed of sound. Even Godly bones like Ling Han’s would crumble, what more others.

“F*ck!” Everyone couldn’t help but curse, as a cold chill gripped at their bodies. Thankfully, they had not been the ones to be smashed. Otherwise, who would be able to dodge and block it?

But taking advantage of this opportunity, they instead charged even faster. How many of such deadly weapons could there be?

in fact, a few people gave up on Ling Han and chased after the Heavenly Pattern Jade instead.

Ling Han smirked coldly, and spat out a golden sword from his mouth, which slashed out at one of them. Pu, that person had not thought that Ling Han would have this move. Though he had dodged, he was still cut on his left shoulder, causing blood to spurt madly.

The others neared, and Ling Han shot out a murderous aura attack. Then, he used the Demonic Monkey Fists. Peng, peng, peng! Instantly, figures were seen flying around madly like straws. Those people that were ganging up on him were all sent flying.

p***i

More people did not attack at the first instant, and when they saw this scene, their eyes were really about to pop out of their heads.

This was far too terrifying. He was battling against a dozen or so Mystery Realm Tier elites all by himself, and it was as if he were doing something as simple as spanking his children.

Are you a freaking Inscription Tier?

“Haha, 1 got it!” On the other side, someone finally managed to get hold of the Heavenly Pattern Jade.

He was too happy. The moment he picked up the Heavenly Pattern Jade, he knew what a precious psychic Spiritual Power Spirit Tool this was.

-Even elites of the Cauldron Forging Tier would be willing to pay an exorbitant price for it.

Ling Han smiled, and the Imminent Skyline activated, crashing towards that person.

Peng1 The man’s extreme joy turned into grief. He had not expected that Ling Han would still be able to attack him from such a far distance away. He was completely unguarded, and was directly sent flying. All the bones in his body were trembling.

After drawing an arc in the air, that person fell into the watermelon field. Suddenly, he was pressed onto a large watermelon. Then, a terrifying thing happened. This large watermelon actually exploded, and a golden energy ball rose up, like a mushroom cloud.

The energy that exploded was extremely terrifying, and that person was directly blasted into smithereens.

If it was not for the fact that half of all the bones in his body had been shattered, he would probably still be able to keep his life, but now?

Hehe.

Ling Han was also surprised. He held the Heavenly Pattern Jade in his hand. He had snatched it in the nick of time when he had crashed into the other party. He had never imagined that such a great terror was actually hidden in this vegetable field.

No wonder so many people only stood there and watched, not daring to cross. It was indeed too dangerous.

He was sighing ruefully on the sidelines, but who knew how badly he had scared the others.

F***, what a monster.

“The aura exuding from this person is clearly only Inscription Tier!” “But how… could an Inscription Tier cultivator be as strong as this?”

“I don’t believe it.”

“I don’t believe it either.”

Everyone shook their heads. They couldn’t believe that an Inscription Tier cultivator could be so heaven-defying..