Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 357: Zi Xue Xian

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Sword Emperor? Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden? Setting Sun Saber Emperor?

Ling Han watched on patiently. Currently, what Zi Xue Xian was wearing was precisely the Thunder Battle Armor. Moreover, it was still a completely undamaged one, and there were flashes of white lightning flickering all over, making her seem as if she was a heroic war goddess.

Ling Han discovered, much to his shock, that Zi Xue Xian had extraordinarily long ears that were sticking up tall and proud like a rabbit’s ears, whereas her eyes were exuding a white light, as if they were a pair of electric balls!

Although he had not seen Zi Xue Xian many times, he still remembered clearly that Zi Xue Xian should not look too different from an ordinary human being, unlike now when her ears were sharp and long and it seemed as if her eyes had electricity running through them! Strange, how was he so sure that this girl was Zi Xue Xian with just one look?

The first proof was her hair. Ling Han had only seen one person with purple-colored hair. The second one was her face. Even if her eyes were both shining like there was electricity in them, that face was still Zi Xue Xian’s. And the third was the Thunder Battle Armor—it was her symbol.

Ling Han had to admit—though this appearance was a little strange, it was also a different kind of beauty. At least, it was not something that Liu Yu Tong and Li Si Chan could rival.

“They’re going to catch up!” Zi Xue Xian said suddenly. She was naturally not talking to Ling Han, but she activated the Memory Crystal and was currently in the process of recording. “I can sense their aura.”

Sure enough, three figures appeared in the distance, and they were extremely fast. They seemed to walk calmly step by step, but each step would cross a distance of a hundred miles, as if they were able to shrink the distance into mere inches.

Zi Xue Xian was not slow, but the speed of these three people was faster, and in a short while, the distance between the two sides had shortened to half a mile. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

One of the three pursuers, a middle-man said, “Zi Xue Xian, you are a genius of our race, so why do you want to commit treachery? What has the destruction of the human race have to do with you?” He had a head of white hair and his eyes were shining white, as if they were electric balls.

The difference was that there was a purple vein on his forehead, which looked as if it was borne from his anger, but also seemed to be formed naturally. It was not only him. The other two old men also had such veins, which were also on the forehead.

The first words were enough to give Ling Han a shock, the destruction of the human race?

If any other had said such vicious words, Ling Han would merely think it was nonsense or bragging. But these three old men... none of the three of them had an aura weaker than Zi Xue Xian, and that was the aura of at least the Shattering Void Tier.

Three elites of the Shattering Void Tier combined forces; that was really enough firepower to eliminate every single living thing in this world!

“I have lived here for more than three hundred years, and have long become part of this world. How could I stand by and watch as you all do such an insane deed?” Zi Xue Xian asked coldly, though she was still moving extremely fast.

Obviously, her intentions were not to engage into a verbal battle, but deliberately using the Memory Crystal to create a record.

“Heng, you are one of our Purple Lightning Race, and you will be for your whole life,” the old man on the left side said, his face cold.

“We can talk calmly. No matter what, Xue Xian is one of our race’s outstanding geniuses in the lower realm. Even if she returned to our ancestral land, she would still be exceptional. Xue Xian, I know you are only momentarily confused, why don’t you quickly come to your senses?” the old man on the right side said with a gentle smile.

They were just right. One played nice, while the other played mean.

Lower realm?

Ling Han’s heart trembled. These three old men were not as simple as mere elites of the Shattering Void Tier, but could even possibly come from the realm of gods! Hiss, that was extremely possible, the ability of these three were above even the Shattering Void Tier... gods!

...Zi Xue Xian was in the Shattering Void Tier, but she did not have a purple vein on her forehead. Perhaps that was a symbol that only a god would possess. Aside from that, their auras were stronger than Zi Xue Xian’s and they were much faster.

All these factors added together made Ling Han come up with the deduction that these three were gods.

However, it seemed that gods didn’t seem as strong as he had imagined. Putting aside the Asura Demon Emperor who had been split into nine parts and suppressed for millenia, these three old men should be in their best condition, yet why had they still been unable to subdue Zi Xue Xian after such a long time?

“You do not have to waste your breath. As long as I, Zi Xue Xian, am alive, I will definitely stop you!” Zi Xue Xian said firmly.

“Then don’t blame me for being merciless!” The eyes of the old man standing in the center grew fierce and his right hand grabbed at empty air. With a zi , a white electrical spear actually formed. Patterns lit up along its body, and it exuded a terrifying aura.

Even though Ling Han was a mere observer, he felt as if he was experiencing the real thing. If he was really physically there, merely this aura would be enough to kill him—even if he was still the Heaven Tier elite he had been in his last life.

In front of real power, he was still too weak.

With a wave of the hand of the old man, this electric spear shot towards Zi Xue Xian.

With a soft exclamation, a circle of electrical light appeared around Zi Xue Xian, which flung out her slender body. She had not only increased her speed, but also changed her course. Just when Ling Han thought that she would be able to dodge this attack, he saw that electric spear also change direction and continue to fly towards Zi Xue Xian’s ****.

When he looked at Zi Xue Xian, however, that burst of speed was definitely an excessive move for her. It made her face extremely pale, and there also appeared a sliver of blood at the corner of her mouth. It was definitely impossibly for her to make that move again.

The electric spear chased up to her, and she could only turn around to parry it, putting on a scene of flashing lightning bolts. Zi, zi, zi could be heard continuously, and martial intent transformed into multiple electric seals. Ling Han had broken out into cold sweat merely just from watching. This was enough to kill him over a hundred times in his last life.

The lightning spear reached its target, yet was blocked by a curtain of thunder. However, with such a pause, those three old men managed to come closer, and the four of them were suddenly embroiled in a fierce battle.

These three old men were indeed stronger, and it was as if they had an endless pool of power. Yet they gave Ling Han the feeling that they seemed to be deliberately exercising restraint, and had not used all their battle prowess. As a result, even with the three of them combining forces, they were still unable to capture Zi Xue Xian.

“Heng, this despicable Power of Regulation; it had suppressed our abilities!” The three old men seemed to be a bit displeased, and could not help but begin to complain.

Suppression from the Power of Regulation?

Multiple thoughts streaked rapidly through Ling Han’s mind. With the level that he had reached in his last life, he was qualified enough to come into contact with some hidden secrets, especially when he had visited various ancient historical sites and obtained a large amount of information nearing the end of his last life.

There were some previous deductions by his predecessors. They had only been deductions, but combined with this scene that Ling Han was witnessing, Ling Han could definitely confirm with a nod that those deductions were true.

It was rumored that the realm of gods had its laws, whereas the mortal realm also had its own rules, and neither was to interfere with the other. Why was a Shattering Void Tier elite able to shatter the empty void and step into the realm of gods? It was not because a Shattering Void Tier elite was so strong that they could shatter the world, but because the power of the Shattering Void Tier had exceeded the limits the mortal realm could sustain, and thus would be rejected by the mortal realm, entering the realm of gods where limits were broader.

In the realm of gods, the world was sturdier and could withstand the strain of the level of gods.

In other words, it was a relatively easy process to traverse from the mortal realm to the realm of gods because the mortal realm would actively reject one’s existence, which was equivalent to helping the process—the prerequisite was that your ability had to reach the Shattering Void Tier, and it was that instant when there was a high chance that you would be able to break through and become a god.

However, it was difficult to traverse from the realm of gods and enter the mortal realm. Firstly, it was because the realm of gods was extremely sturdy and solid, so it would be very difficult to shatter the empty void. Secondly, the mortal realm naturally rejected those at the level of gods, and it was of course difficult to sail against the current.

Furthermore, even when one had arrived in the mortal realm, a god probably couldn’t use the power on the level of gods. Instead, they would have to suppress their battle prowess. Otherwise, they would definitely be rejected by the mortal realm, and directly forced back to the realm of gods.

Ling Han immediately had a deduction. These three old men were indeed gods, but their powers had been suppressed. As a result, even though their power obviously exceeded Zi Xue Xian, it had still led to the scene unfolding in front of him now.