Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3561: Observing and comprehending Dao

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Countless years later, this rock suddenly gained consciousness, and after being ignorant for countless years, it unconsciously inhaled and exhaled the Qi of heaven and earth when the sun rose, beginning the long path of cultivation.

After millions and millions of years, at least, it was finally strong enough, and could control its body to roll, falling into a pool.

There was a precious tree by the side of this pool, and after so many years, who knew how many Treasured Fruits had fallen into this pool, turning this pool into a treasure pool.

In the pool, this rock had finally taken that most crucial first step, and advanced into the Celestial Path, gaining a human form.

He began to battle. From being innocent and kind, to being deceived to being resolute in his decision to kill, his cultivation level became higher and higher, and his strength also became stronger and stronger. He battled all the elites in the world, and went through countless life and death situations, before finally stepping onto the pinnacle of the world.

This was the first half of the life of Ancestral King Pan Shi. In the second half of his life, he was invincible in the world, and suppressed the galaxy all by himself, making all races get along as equals, giving the world of martial arts a time of peace as long as tens of millions of years.

The scene paused for a moment, and then it was time for the battles of the Ancestral King. From when he was incredibly weak, to when he became a top-notch prodigy, to when he conquered the whole world, there were only a few top-notch prodigies that could match him.

This was a king tier that had fought his way out, and had been invincible for an

era.

Ancestral King Pan Shi did not instill any secret technique into Ling Han, nor did he transmit his Dao. He only allowed Ling Han to see the process of his comprehension.

To Ling Han, this was incredibly precious.

Before Ancestral King Pan Shi, there was no such thing as Foundation Building Divine Stones. Everyone relied on their own power to leap over the Celestial Gate, and build the foundations of their Dao. Even so, awesome existences like Ancestral Kings and Saints could still appear.

There were pros and cons to the appearance of the Foundation Building Divine Stone.

On the positive side, it was naturally that one would become even more powerful after advancing into Celestial Path, but on the negative side, it erased any innovation. Even someone as strong as Hong Tianbu, who had obtained a top-grade Foundation Building Divine Stone, was incredibly excited, depending on it as the key to becoming stronger in future.

This was putting the cart before the horse.

The Foundation Building Divine Stone was only supplementary. How could it overwhelm the host as the core of the cornerstone of the Celestial Path?

Ancestral King Pan Shi’s intentions had been good, yet in the end, it had become like this.

Ling Han cast aside his distracting thoughts, and merely went to comprehend the path that Ancestral King Pan Shi had walked. This was too precious. For an Ancestral King to grow from weak to strong, this journey could be considered the most precious thing.

He wouldn’t walk this path again, but this could give him hints, give him references, so he would take fewer wrong turns.

“Brat, it’s time to leave!” The small stone golem’s voice rang out. In an instant, Ling Han was blasted out of the Sea of True Blood, and appeared on the island’s edge.

This was the outer circle of the Ethereal Peak.

Ling Han faltered upon hearing this. ‘F*ck! He’s thrown me out just like that?!’

He still had a lot of questions to ask.

But now, even if he made a second trip, he was sure that the small stone golem wouldn’t see him.

He saw that there were a great many people on the banks, and he was sure that they had all been driven out. The manifestation of the Ethereal Peak had already ended, and very soon, this island would be nowhere to be seen, heading towards an unknown planet in the colossal galaxy.

“Ling Han!” A feminine exclamation rang out, and a flash of sword light swept past. Jin Yulu stabbed over with her sword, leaving behind an endless trail of light behind her. She was like a female deity. She was clearly filled with killing intent, yet was also filled with beauty.

Ling Han humphed and threw a punch. A high-level energy wrapped around his fist. He was sure that his fist could match the power of the Spirit Tool.

Peng!

Ling Han’s fist landed on the blade of the sword, and Ling Han instantly stumbled back. Jin Yulu was at the peak stage of Mystery Realm Tier, and it was highly possible that she was a two-star genius. Her battle prowess was naturally extremely terrifying.

However, Jin Yulu was so stunned that her eyes almost popped out of her head. This strike from her was enough to insta-kill any ordinary Mystery Realm Tier elite. Yet, Ling Han had only taken a few steps back when facing this strike head-on. There wasn’t even any blood. Just how terrifying was this?

“I can’t let you live!” Jin Yulu said balefully. She instinctively realized that this was a powerful opponent of Hong Tianbu. Thus, she had to clear the obstacles for Hong Tianbu.

For a prodigy like Hong Tianbu, it was highly possible that he would surpass the level of Spirit Transformation True Lord and become a great elite on the level of Sect Master.

That was Sect Master-level, capable of commanding a great sect. He was also a renowned existence in the universe.

Thus, Hong Tianbu should be unique, and there was definitely no need for others to compete with him.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and drew out his battle hammer to exchange blows with Jin Yulu. Meanwhile, his left hand held the Heavenly Pattern Jade, and he planned to give his opponent a surprise attack to kill her.

‘■What!” Even more people rushed over, and there was no shortage of elites that had previously passed through the vegetable field. When they discovered that Ling Han was presently engaged in an intense battle with Jin Yulu, they were all indescribably stunned.

When had this brat’s battle prowess become so terrifying?

Jin Yulu’s strength was publicly acknowledged.

She was the disciple of a Spirit Transformation True Lord, and it was also possible that she was a two-star genius. If it weren’t for the fact that the Celestial Path was above the Mystery Realm Tier, she could even battle above her cultivation level.

But now, she was actually just barely able to suppress an Inscription Tier?

This, this, this, wasn’t this just a fantasy story?

However, Ling Han was also very strained. Jin Yulu was too strong, far surpassing any other Mystery Realm Tier-level elite, making him feel like he was under a mountain of pressure.

If this was before entering the Sea of True Blood, Ling Han would have either thrown the Heavenly Pattern Jade, or turned around and fled. He definitely wouldn’t linger in battle. However, in the Sea of True Blood, he had “seen” the lifetime battles of an Ancestral King, which gave him great inspiration.

He activated his Eye Technique and battled with Jin Yulu. Although he was mostly on the defensive, he could guarantee that he would still attack from time to time. It wasn’t that he was completely defenseless.

This caused everyone to be dumbfounded. Such a powerful Inscription Tier was unprecedented.

Xiu, a figure flew over, and after a while, a voice shouted, “Ling Han!”

Hong Tianbu had arrived!

Ling Han withdrew and retreated. One Jin Yulu was enough to cause him a lot of trouble, what more when he had to face Hong Tianbu at the same time.

Hong Tianbu didn’t attack at the first instant. Instead, he stared at Ling Han and said, “Hand over what I need. Otherwise, die!”

“Hong Tianbu, have you taken the wrong medicine?” Ling Han asked calmly. If he had been threatened, would he have waited until now?

“Looks like you’re determined to resist until the end?” Hong Tianbu said coldly. He slowly raised his hand, and a wisp of vicious might circulated.

Ling Han smiled, “Hong Tianbu, if you use that single eye, then I will also let you have a taste of the might of Heavenly Pattern Jade.” He waved the Heavenly Pattern Jade in his left hand.

This was a deadly weapon, a Two Star Spiritual Power Spirit Tool. It could even kill elites of Cauldron Forging Tier, what more when it was a mere Mystery Realm Tier.

Hong Tianbu was filled with confidence in his own battle prowess, but against Heavenly Pattern Jade?

He did not dare guarantee that he would be able to dodge, and even if he used that eye, would he be able to freeze this treasure?

Hence, he did not dare take the risk.

“A fair battle?” he asked calmly.

“You, a Mystery Realm Tier-level elite, are telling me a fair battle? Do you want to make me laugh to death?” Ling Han shook his head, “Hong Tianbu, there will definitely be a battle between us, but definitely not now. All right, I won’t play with you anymore.”

He turned around, and Imminent Skyline was used, instantly disappearing..Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m