Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3562: Meteorite

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han used the Imminent Skyline and instantly fled more than 50km away. Then, he took a few steps, and every single step covered a distance of 50km, indescribably fast.

However, this was far too taxing on him. After taking just a few steps, the bones in his body started to creak, and blood started to drip from his skin.

He floated in the great ocean, and really could not move any more.

Ling Han simply entered into the gourd. In any case, this was floating on the surface of the sea, so there was no need to worry that when he entered into the gourd, it would sink to the bottom of the sea, and the powerful pressure would even crush the gourd.

“Father!” the children called out one after another.

Ling Han nodded. As he healed his injuries, he asked, “Have you guys heard of Ancestral King Pan Shi?”

The seven babies all shook their heads. However, the fat pig’s eyes lit up, and looked towards Ling Han.

“What is it? A damn pig like you actually knows?” Ling Han was surprised. The fat pig humphed, as if he was mocking him for being ignorant and ill-informed.

Pervert pig, just how many secrets are you hiding?” Ling Han asked.

The pervert pig ignored him, looking very proud.

Lmg Han didn’t press the issue. The perverted pig couldn’t speak, so even if it was willing to speak, there was nothing he could do.

Forget it. Since Ancestral King Pan Shi was so powerful, it should not be too difficult to find out about his great achievements after he entered into the universe – previously, the images that he had seen were all of Ancestral King Pan Shi battling with different enemies, but it did not specify who his opponents were.

This Ancestral King had ascended to the peak stage, so just how many supreme prodigies had he defeated?

After Ling Han rested for a long while, he exited the gourd. With a clap of his hands, he leaped out of the sea. Then, with a leap of his legs, he began to run on the surface of the sea.

Double the speed of sound was enough to ensure that he could tread on the waves as if he was walking on flat land, what more when it was six times the speed of sound. He rushed over, and the seawater behind him seemed to be boiling, creating an extraordinarily great commotion. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ling Han rode the winds and waves, and even had the misconception that he could step on the winds and soar all the way into the skies.

If the wind was stronger, perhaps he really could do it.

In just a few hours, the coastline appeared ahead of them.

With another leap, he had already landed on the coast.

It was time to go back.

Ling Han began his return journey to the Imperial Capital. He soared all the way, and now, he already possessed a normal speed of six times the speed of sound. This speed was really astonishingly fast.

Night fell, and he planned to rest for a while. He would cultivate the next morning, and then continue his journey.

He had the babies all come out of the gourd, then took out food and began cooking.

Everyone began to eat, talking and laughing, enjoying themselves.

After that, Lmg Han crossed his arms behind his head, and lay on the grass to look at the stars.

Observing the battles of Ancestral King Pan Shi helped him greatly. He was a top-notch existence in this world, and had fought all the way from the weakest to the strongest. He had fought all kinds of opponents, and every battle was extremely precious.

Additionally, soaking in the Sea of True Blood for three days, this was also greatly beneficial to Ling Han’s body. In fact, it made him feel as if he had gained a new lease on life.

“Father,” Second Baby said, “Why are high-level races born without any shackles in their bodies?”

‘Are you asking me?’

Ling Han shook his head, “I don’t know.”

“That’s because using one’s own power to shatter the shackles consumes one’s life force, and this is the improvement of one’s level of being.” Third Baby continued, “Even if you can ingest the Treasured Fruit of Life to replenish your energy, consumption is still consumption, and there would be aftereffects.” “However, this kind of flaw won’t immediately reveal itself. Instead, it’ll slowly be exposed as one’s cultivation level increases,” Sixth Baby said.

“We originally wanted to wait until Father’s cultivation level was a bit higher to say. By then, Father would also be qualified to obtain some Saintly medicine, and truly repair the life force,” Seventh Baby said.

“Now, Father’s life force has been completely recovered, and there are no more hidden dangers,” Eldest Baby concluded.

Only now did Ling Han know that breaking the shackles of life still had this kind of future trouble. Why were there so many people that could not reach the pinnacle level of cultivation level? Why were there some people that were clearly prodigies, yet there was no further movement after they had reached another cultivation level?

Because he had expended too much of his life force, that even the Treasured Fruit of Life was unable to compensate for it, and there was no longer any possibility for him to break through to a higher cultivation level.

Thankfully, he had soaked in a drop of True Blood from an Ancestral King for three days. Though merely this drop of true blood had already turned into a vast ocean, and would definitely be extremely thin in concentration, if he was really given a drop of true blood, then even if the murderous aura within was erased, it would be useless. He could die from the mere power in it.

Just how powerful was the Ancestral King?

He was a great emperor of the Celestial Path, and the Holy Emperor of cultivators. One drop of blood was enough to kill a Saint, so how could he, an Inscription Tier cultivator, bear it?

No wonder he felt incredibly relaxed now, as if he had been reborn and gained a new life. As it turned out, his life force had truly been fully replenished.

Then if I attempt to break through to Enlightenment Tier and Mystery Realm Tier, won’t I also expend my life force?” He frowned.

“Don’t worry, Father.” Second Baby waved his hand, “Father’s vitality is extremely exuberant now, and can completely support Father to advance to the cultivation level of two major tiers.”

Ling Han gave an ‘oh’. No wonder the rock golem had thrown him into the sea of blood for three days; it must have already calculated this.

“Father is really lucky. Even though this is only a hidden danger before attaining Celestial Path, this is now the stage of forging foundations. The higher the cultivation level, the more difficult it would be to mend it,” Third Baby said.

If you really want to deal with this hidden danger after advancing into Celestial Path, you would probably need Saintly medicine.” Eldest Baby nodded. Thankfully, thankfully, it was really lucky. Ling Han nodded.

Ling Han relaxed, and looked at the galaxy.

Yi, a shooting star.

In the skies, a meteor flew over from the distance, and descended in his direction at an incredibly fast speed. Because of the intense friction, the meteor burned fiercely, and it could be seen that it was about three meters in diameter.

‘F*ck! Why is it crashing toward me?!’

Lmg Han picked up all the babies, and as for the fat pig, he didn’t care. In any case, it was almost invincible.

Peng, the meteor crashed down at at least twenty times the speed of sound, blasting a massive pit into the ground, and the ground also trembled like a carpet. As the shockwave swept past, trees, flowers, and rocks were all sent flying.

Then, the whole ground turned into a sea of flames.

Lmg Han gritted his teeth. Had his luck suddenly become bad? If he had dodged a little later, and had been directly hit by the meteorite, even if he didn’t die, he would have been severely wounded, right?

Just think, an attack with the Heavenly Pattern Jade at ten times the speed of sound was about capable of insta-killing Mystery Realm Tier elites. How terrifying would it be when a meteorite at twenty times the speed of sound crashed down?

He ran back. These burning flames could not cause much damage to him.

It was extremely likely that precious metals were contained in the meteorite, so Ling Han needed to return to search for them. At the same time, he also needed to see what this meteorite that had almost hit him looked like.

It was very easy to find. A massive pit had been created from the impact, and as long as one arrived at the centre of the pit, they would be able to see that the meteorite was lying at the bottom of the pit.

Pa, the meteorite suddenly shattered, and a person walked out..