Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3570: Ganged up on by the Imperial Princes

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han had guessed correctly.

The Seventh Imperial Prince was apprehended, and tied up at the entrance of the Foreign Affairs Department as a public display. To all the Imperial Princes, this was a great grudge.

They were united, and they were all called “Imperial Princes”.

Ling Han dared to touch the Seventh Imperial Prince, which meant that he also dared to touch any one of them. How could the Imperial Princes who had always been high and mighty not be agitated?

How dare he! He was a mere subject! Did he think that just because he had received the slightest bit of favor from their Imperial Father, he could act all high and mighty?

Their Imperial Father was a Spirit Transformation True Lord, the most powerful being on this planet. Even the four True Lords joining forces to enter the Imperial Capital couldn’t do anything to Chen Fengyan. Just how powerful was he?

No matter how intense the internal strife among the Imperial Princes was, when faced with an “external enemy”, they were united.

Thus, when they found out that Ling Han had returned to the Imperial Capital, it was only the morning of the second day, when the Imperial Princes arrived together.

Peng!

The doors to the Foreign Affairs Department were blasted open, and the Imperial Princes barged in without any reservations. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ling Han had just finished cultivating, and after receiving the report, he immediately went to the main hall.

At this time, Hu Er, Xuanyuan Dingguo, and the others were already confronting the Imperial Princes. Both sides were at daggers drawn, and it was possible that a chaotic battle would break out at any moment.

Ling Han strode over, and said with a frown, “What do you guys think this is? A marketplace?”

“Ling Han!” The Third Imperial Prince spoke up. He stared coldly at Ling Han. Previously, Ling Han had refused to allow him to plant a subordinate in the department, causing him to feel displeased with Ling Han. Furthermore, he coveted the abundance of wealth of the Foreign Affairs Department. After a long time, it finally exploded in this incident.

“Do you know your crime?”

Ling Han chuckled, “What crime have I committed?”

“How noble is an Imperial Prince? You actually dare imprison an Imperial Prince, and humiliate him in public!” The Third Imperial Prince humphed, “Do you still have any regard for the Imperial Family, or my Imperial Father?”

“Just because you have my Imperial Father’s favour, you dare to act wantonly? Do you really think that the surname of Ling is the only surname in this world?” The Fourth Prince also said, “The Imperial Family is high and noble, so how could you possibly offend us?”

“Kneel!” the Ninth Prince shouted.

Ling Han shook his head and said, “Didn’t you guys see the Majestic Empire’s laws say that the Imperial Prince broke the law and, and would have the same punishment as a commoner? Just in time. You all came today, which saved me the trouble of making a trip, so I’ll apprehend all of you and punish you.”

When these words fell, all the Imperial Princes almost exploded.

Were they here to accept their punishment?

“Ling Han, you are really arrogant!” The Second Imperial Prince spoke up. The Eldest Imperial Prince was not here, so he naturally would not shirk his responsibilities. As the representative and leader of the Imperial Princes, he lowered his hand, signalling for all the Imperial Princes to keep quiet.

“I want you to immediately resign from your position as Department Chief of the Foreign Affairs Department, and find someone better to replace you! Otherwise, we will help you make this decision!”

Ling Han couldn’t help but laugh, “What is it? You guys want to capture me, and force me to place my handprint on a confession of crimes?”

“Ling Han, you have really gone too far this time. You actually dared to humiliate an Imperial Prince. This has already offended the might of the Imperial Family, and even tearing you into pieces would not be too much.” The Second Imperial Prince stated calmly, “Taking into account the high regard that my Imperial Father has for you, we have decided to give you a chance. Don’t ruin your own future.”

Ling Han cracked his neck and stretched his arms and legs, creating a cracking sound, “Then cut the crap. Come, let me, your grand uncle, teach you little guys a good lesson today.”

F***, this guy must have gone mad.

The Imperial Princes were both furious and confused. This brat actually dared to publicly take advantage of them?

Grand uncle?

“You’re seeking death!” The Ninth Prince had the most explosive temper, and was the first to charge out.

The environment of heaven and earth had changed, and the Imperial Family occupied an astonishing number of medicinal fields, so they had naturally benefited the most.

It should be known that Chen Fengyan was the Crown Prince of that Majestic Empire from the past, so how could he possibly not be familiar with the Celestial Sea Planet? Thus, he had definitely not built the capital here on a whim.

Celestial medicines were rare at the moment, but ordinary treasured medicines were no big deal for the Imperial Family. Thus, the elder Imperial Princes all advanced into Mystery Realm Tier. They were only a step away from leaping over the Celestial Gate.

The Ninth Prince was naturally a Mystery Realm Tier as well. He threw a punch, and the power behind his punch was extremely heavy, sending the floor tiles flying one after another.

Ling Han strolled casually. Though the Ninth Prince was very strong, he was not yet qualified to be called a one-star genius. There was no need for him to take him to heart at all.

He greeted the attack casually, appearing to be extremely relaxed.

This stunned all the Imperial Princes. Though they had already heard the Seventh Imperial Prince speak of Ling Han’s freakishness, that was too fantastical, after all. They were more inclined to believe that it was Princess Bixiao who had made a move. After all, she was a Celestial Path elite.

But witnessing it with their own eyes, they finally knew that there was someone that could be as strong as this.

“Eighth, Tenth, you two go and help,” the Second Imperial Prince commanded darkly.

“All right!”

Another two Imperial Princes joined the battle, ganging up on Ling Han.

But a mere three of them wanted to make up for the gap in battle prowess between them and Ling Han? In their dreams.

Seeing that the three of them not only did not get the upper hand in a three-on-one battle, but had instead fallen into a disadvantage, the Imperial Princes’ expressions involuntarily became even more unsightly.

“Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, you all attack together.” The Second Imperial Prince immediately played the strongest card in his possession.

The five Imperial Princes moved at the same time, charging towards Ling Han.

Because the Seventh Imperial Prince was skilled in Spiritual Power, he did not charge close to Ling Han. Instead, he used Spiritual Power to control the flying sword, and gave Ling Han a surprise attack.

Needless to say, this was even more threatening than the other seven Imperial Princes added together.

Ling Han decided to apprehend the Seventh Imperial Prince first. Otherwise, it would be too displeasing if he kept being ambushed.

He directly charged over, opened his mouth, and similarly spat out a golden sword.

Only you know how to release a flying sword?

Once he became serious, his battle prowess would naturally increase exponentially. He was not someone that these Imperial Princes could match at all.

It wasn’t that Hu Er, Xuanyuan Dingguo, and the others didn’t know about Ling Han’s freakishness, but this was too awesome, wasn’t it? An Inscription Tier suppressed eight Mystery Realm Tiers, and Chen Fengyan’s sons at that?

Like father, like son. The older Imperial Princes all had heroic reputations.

The Second Imperial Prince gritted his teeth, and had no choice but to join the battle.

However, even if he joined in, it would be useless.

Ling Han was fighting against nine Imperial Princes at once, yet he was still firmly on the upper hand. In reality, he hadn’t used any powerful moves yet. Otherwise, even if he couldn’t insta-kill these Imperial Princes, he wouldn’t be far off either.

More Imperial Princes joined the battle, but there was only so much space. Ten or so of them ganging up on him was already the maximum. Furthermore, only the older Imperial Princes were awesome. As for the others? The majority of them were Enlightenment Tiers, and could not even withstand a single blow from Ling Han.

Ling Han was getting a little impatient. It was time to draw in the net.

“Stop!” A cold humph was heard, filled with pressure.

Weng, everyone felt their minds go blank, and actually could not come back to their senses for a long time.

A super elite had arrived.

Xiu, a figure descended, and azure starlight flickered behind him.

The Eldest Imperial Prince!

The Innate Divine Physique was indeed powerful.

No, Ling Han immediately shook his head. This was not only because he had an Innate Divine Physique.

Peng!

Ling Han sent the Imperial Princes that were ganging up on him flying with a single punch. He smiled at the Eldest Imperial Prince, and said, “So it turns out that Your Imperial Highness has already advanced into Celestial Path. Congratulations..”