Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3575: Breaking through to Enlightenment Tier

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

There was a round of laughter.

Wasn’t it?

An Inscription Tier cultivator who was only so-so in cultivation actually said he wanted to win the first place in the martial arts tournament; what a huge joke.

After Niu Jianhua was tired from laughing, he couldn’t be bothered to attack Ling Han either.

Thinking about it, it made sense. His main occupation was to read fortunes, so it was normal for his martial arts to be slightly weaker.

Ling Han smiled as well. He looked a little silly, but he was thinking slowly in his heart. If Niu Jianhua knew that he was the person who had knocked him out and brought him bad luck, what kind of expression would he have?

It should be very fun.

“Young Master, Old Master made a miscalculation this time. Unexpectedly, the elites in the prison have all appeared. Otherwise, there would only be the minor characters of Mystery Realm Tier here, and we would be able to assist Young Master in obtaining all the treasures.” Speaking of the martial arts competition, one would naturally think of that celestial fruit, which made an old man appear very rueful.

As he saw it, Ling Han was a flea in the first place, so there was no harm in letting him know some things.

In truth, this was indeed no secret.

Niu Jianhua nodded. It couldn’t be helped. They were too far away, and even the prediction of a Spirit Transformation True Lord would be affected by the mysterious energy in the stars of the universe. Judging by the present situation, they had arrived a year late. At that time, the Celestial Path elites hadn’t appeared.

Right now, there were as many as five Spirit Transformation True Lords here. Even if the ancestor of the Niu Clan came, he wouldn’t be able to do as he liked.

“Now that Spirit Transformation True Lords have appeared, not only am I unable to take advantage of them, those who come later are also the same, which is quite fair.” He murmured, “However, since this Primordial True Lord has taken out a Two Star celestial fruit, then I must obtain it to compensate for the fact that I did not manage to make it in time for the Ethereal Peak.”

He suppressed his cultivation level and didn’t break through because he wanted to go to the Ethereal Peak, but he missed even that.

Thankfully, if he could ingest a Star Origin Fruit, he could also slightly compensate for his loss.

Precisely because of this, he continued to suppress his cultivation level, and waited until after the martial arts tournament to break through.

Ling Han listened from the sidelines, and was increasingly clear about the origins of these people. He very much wanted to know how these people had traversed the galaxy and arrived here. In future, he would definitely go to other celestial bodies in the galaxy, and could not possibly stay on the Celestial Sea Planet forever.

After all, this was only a small star. In the past, being able to be bestowed to a Minor Advanced Tier, its background should not be too deep.

The group didn’t walk very fast, so it wasn’t until evening that they arrived at the Primordial Sect.

Now that they were here, even Niu Jianhua didn’t dare to be arrogant anymore. There was a Spirit Transformation True Lord standing guard here, so even if he used his father’s name, it probably wouldn’t have much effect.

They first went to register, but the Primordial Sect had rules. Apart from participants, outsiders were not allowed to enter.

Thus, the four old men could only wait outside. Though they were not very reassured, there was nothing else they could do. They could only pray that everything would be safe in the Primordial Sect. Otherwise, if anything happened to Niu Jianhua, their whole family would be buried with him.

Ling Han also registered, and was assigned to the same courtyard as Niu Jianhua.

In fact, there were a total of four single rooms in this courtyard. Aside from Ling Han and Niu Jianhua, there was room for two more, but for the moment, it was still empty.

“Don’t walk around randomly. There’s a Spirit Transformation True Lord here, and if you cause any trouble, you won’t even know how you die!” Niu Jianhua warned Ling Han.

Ling Han ignored him and entered his room, planning to break through to the Enlightenment Tier.

Niu Jianhua humphed. At present, he was temporarily tolerating Ling Han. If the bump had disappeared by tomorrow, but his bad luck was still unending, he would let Ling Han know what cruelty was.

Pa, a pile of bird poop landed on his head.

Niu Jianhua’s whole body was trembling. Just now, he had been engrossed in his thoughts, and was actually struck head-on by bird sh*t. How unlucky was that?

After a while, new people moved in. First, it was a young man in his twenties called Sun Xun, and a while later, a young beauty called Xiao Zhixuan came. She was incredibly proud, but because she was beautiful, Niu Jianhua and Sun Xun still found various excuses to approach her.

Meanwhile, Ling Han had forgotten all else, and was completely focused on breaking through to Enlightenment Tier.

He had to break through in these two days. Otherwise, once the martial arts tournament began, his opponents would basically be Mystery Realm Tier elites. It would be fine if he deliberately lost, but if he won, how many people would not connect him with the name “Ling Han”?

There were already enough Treasured Fruits of Life, so let’s begin!

Ling Han released the suppression on his cultivation level, and the leap in his level of being immediately began.

He had broken through into Seven Inscriptions even, so advancing into Enlightenment Tier was really not the slightest bit difficult for Ling Han.

The so-called Enlightenment Tier meant that one had to open the apertures on one’s body.

What was the use of this?

Firstly, apertures could allow mystical power to circulate freely, which also meant that attacks could be delivered, adding another means of attack out of thin air. Furthermore, there was not just one aperture. Thus, after one had cultivated Enlightenment Tier to the pinnacle, practically every part of the body could deliver an attack, which could be said to be impossible to guard against.

Of course, the power unleashed from the apertures was limited, after all. The might could not compare to the barrage of punches, palm strikes, and kicks.

Secondly, apertures could channel mystical power, and could also guide the power of heaven and earth. Thus, when cultivating, this could also increase the power of heaven and earth that one could absorb.

The more apertures opened, the faster one would be able to cultivate.

It was said that the human body had a total of 108 apertures, but very few people could open all of them. Theoretically speaking, opening 36 apertures would be enough to break through to Mystery Realm Tier.

This was the lowest standard, and was called the first level.

If he could open even more apertures, all the way to 72, then there would be a qualitative change, and it would be called the second level.

And if one could open all 108 apertures, they would be called the third level.

However, just like how there were eight Hidden Meridians aside from the twelve regular meridians, it was said that the number of acupuncture points was not just one hundred and eight. Those were called Hidden Apertures, but this belonged to the category of legends. It seemed like no one had ever heard of anyone opening them.

Pa!

Ling Han felt his body relax. He raised his finger, and a burst of energy shot out from the tip of his finger, shattering a teacup.

Enlightenment Tier, he had already opened the first aperture.

However, the leap of level of being didn’t stop. Ling Han quickly opened the second aperture, then the third, the fourth, and finally nine apertures in one go. Only then did the leap of level of being stop.

He now had opened nine apertures, and among normal Enlightenment Tier elites, he had more or less finished cultivating the early stage of this cultivation level, and was about to advance into the middle stage.

He had just broken through to Seven Inscriptions, so he could be considered to have accumulated enough experience. That was why he had directly opened nine apertures upon breaking through.

Of these nine apertures, two were on his fingers, one on his arm, three on his chest, and three on his legs.

With a thought, all nine apertures spat out mystical power at the same time.

Pu, pu, pu! Instantly, the room was in complete chaos.

“Would I be considered a porcupine?” he asked with a smile.

He was in Enlightenment Tier now, and was getting closer and closer to Celestial Path..Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com