Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3578: Liu brothers

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With Niu Jianhua leading the way, neither Ling Han nor Xiao Zhixuan had to make a move. This guy that liked to show off had long since rushed ahead of them.

There were 10,000 Mystery Realm Tier elites here, so there was naturally a mixture of ability. There were outstanding prodigies and geniuses, and there were also lucky people who had ascended overnight with the help of a Treasured Fruit. Their abilities were naturally incomparable.

Niu Jianhua’s strength couldn’t be underestimated. He was a Spirit Transformation True Lord’s most doted descendant, so he naturally received careful teaching from a young age. It should be known that he was still a virgin even now, and from this aspect alone, it could be seen just how strict the discipline he received was.

Hong, hong, hong! As the palm of flames flew, he was almost invincible, showing the powerful abilities of a one-star genius.

Even Xiao Zhixuan was slightly moved. She had not thought that this second-generation young master that had tried so hard to curry her favour would actually have genuine talent and skill, which made her look at him in a new light.

She had misjudged. This was a prodigy.

Niu Jianhua naturally discovered that slight change in Xiao Zhixuan, and couldn’t help but feel proud, and even smirk coldly.

With his status, it was naturally impossible for him to marry a native from a backward place. Thus, even though he was so attentive to Xiao Zhixuan, it was completely because he was a first-timer in this area, and was still very fresh. When he really got his hands on her, his attitude would definitely change 180 degrees.

Previously, you put on airs in front of me, and acted aloof. Hmph, when I have possessed you, I would naturally abandon you like old shoes.

‘For this young master, you’re out of my league.’

Now, it had become a hunting ground for elites. The weaker ones would either be killed, or find a place to hide, while the majority would flee out of the mountains, and automatically forfeit.

Even though this was a mountain, it was completely bare. There were really not many places that one could hide. Thus, a great many people would be easily discovered after hiding themselves, and suffer a brutal massacre.

Ling Han couldn’t help but frown. Was this a martial arts tournament or a killing tournament?

As expected, people who came out of prison didn’t take human life seriously.

Two hours passed, and the number of people on the mountain had already decreased drastically to several hundred. Furthermore, there were very few that dared to act wantonly. The majority of them had still gone into hiding, wanting to be lucky enough to make it into the top 32, so that they could join the Primordial Sect.

Xiu, a figure flew down, and stood in front of Ling Han and his group.

This was a young man with a dark expression. He held a sword in his hand, his eyes bright. Stretching out the sword and pointing, he declared, “You can either die, or get lost!”

Niu Jianhua laughed loudly, “In this world, there is no one that is qualified to tell me to get lost!”

This show-off caused Xiao Zhixuan’s beautiful eyes to light up, and she felt more and more that she could depend on Niu Jianhua.

The young man sneered, “Looks like you don’t want to live anymore!” He flew out, slashing with his sword.

Shua, shua, shua! Sword Qi danced unhindered, interwoven with an ice-cold presence, that would make one’s blood freeze.

“You are the one who is seeking death!” Niu Jianhua approached. He used the flame palm technique, and it just so happened that one side was fire and the other side was water, one side was cold and the other side was hot. They restrained each other, so it would depend on whose strength was stronger.

They had only exchanged a few blows, and the young man looked like he was outmatched. Hurriedly, he drew his sword and retreated.

“You still want to flee now?” Niu Jianhua smirked coldly, and exerted force with his feet, blocking his path.

The young man gritted his teeth, and said, “I’m Liu Huaming, and my older brother is Liu Huayun. Do you want to become enemies with my older brother?”

“What Liu Huaming, Liu Huayun, in front of me, you are all trash!” Niu Jianhua naturally would not care. He was the descendant of a Spirit Transformation True Lord, so what need was there for him to take anyone from this backward planet seriously?

He delivered a merciless palm strike. Peng! Liu Huaming was instantly severely wounded.

“Liu Huayun!” Xiao Zhixuan exclaimed in shock, “You, you have caused a great trouble!”

“Oh, what’s so great about this Liu Huayun?” Niu Jianhua asked calmly, appearing to be completely unconcerned.

“The Liu brothers’ father is a Core Formation Tier elite. As for Liu Huayun, he’s known as one of the top ten Mystery Realm Tiers in terms of battle prowess!” Xiao Zhixuan’s expression was slightly ugly. He had severely wounded Liu Huayun’s younger brother, and she was sure that Liu Huayun would soon run over to exact revenge.

“Don’t worry, I’m here,” Niu Jianhua said very domineeringly.

A mere Core Formation Tier cultivator?

Hehe, the Niu Clan had a few old servants in the True Self Tier, so what was a Core Formation Tier cultivator worth?

However, in the end, he didn’t follow up with another palm strike to end Liu Huaming’s life.

No matter what, this was not the Hundred Victory Star, nor was it the Star Dragon Sect. Instead, this was far away in the galaxy. Thus, he still decided to restrain himself and keep a low profile.

“Let’s go!” He waved his hand, and strode off.

After the three of them left, Liu Huaming immediately sent out a signal bomb. Only a while later, a man that looked almost identical to him appeared.

Liu Huayun, they were twin brothers.

“Who hurt you?” Liu Huayun’s eyes were spitting fire. He especially doted on this twin brother of his.

Liu Huaming hurriedly described Niu Jianhua’s appearance, and said that the latter had two companions, a man and a woman respectively.

Liu Huayun immediately set off in pursuit. He actually dared to wound his younger brother; he was seeking death!

He was completely focused on pursuing the enemy, and no matter what he encountered on his way, he did not stop. Thus, in less than ten minutes, he had caught up to Ling Han and his group.

“Was it you who injured my brother?” he asked Niu Jianhua.

Niu Jianhua couldn’t help but let out a ‘yi’, and said with a smile, “I thought it was that weak trash and he had taken some kind of Divine Pill or Celestial medicine, and recovered all of a sudden. So you are his older brother. What is it? You want to avenge him?”

“Kneel down, break your own legs first, then break an arm. I can allow you to keep the other arm,” Ling Han said proudly. Then, he turned to look at Ling Han and Xiao Zhixuan, “Seeing that my brother was injured by another, you guys actually did not move to help him, and even abandoned him completely. The two of you should also break your own arms.”

F***, this domineering, and also confident. Did he really think that he was a god?

Ling Han shook his head, and said with a smile, “I’m really sorry. When we saw your brother get injured, we didn’t rush up to help throw a few punches. Next time, we’ll definitely be careful. I guarantee that his injuries will be compounded!”

When Liu Huayun heard this, he naturally flew into a thunderous rage, his eyes practically spitting fire, “Brat, how dare you!”

“That’s right. Who asked this Young Master Niu to stand in front of us?” Ling Han pointed at Niu Jianhua, not caring at all about drawing a bit of animosity for the latter.

Liu Huayun’s animosity had indeed been diverted. His eyes turned towards Niu Jianhua, and he said balefully, “Looks like I have to apprehend you first, as an example to others.”

“Where do you get such confidence from?” Niu Jianhua asked proudly. He was confident that he was invincible in a battle of equals.

“Then why don’t you give it a try?” Liu Huayun moved. He shot out a punch, and the eerie coldness arrived again.

The two brothers cultivated the same Spirit Diagram, both communicating with high-level energy of the Ice Element.

“I’ll beat you to burst!” Niu Jianhua said with a smile. He sent out a palm strike that was entwined with raging flames.

This was a clash of ice and flames. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Peng, fist and palm clashed, and blazing flames crashed into the layer of ice, each occupying half the sky.

Niu Jianhua looked surprised. He had actually been blocked?

How could this be? Could it be that there was also a one-star genius on this backward planet?

“No wonder you are so arrogant. As it turned out, you actually have some abilities!” Liu Huayun didn’t dare to underestimate him either. He roared loudly and launched a barrage of punches, launching a barrage of attacks like a thunderstorm..