Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3585 It's you!

It was not only that Foundation Building elite; Niu Jianhua's expression also became extremely colourful in an instant.

Ling Han, whose battle prowess was completely

insignificant in his eyes, was actually capable of standing against him?

That surging aura could not be faked, and was incredibly powerful.

Peng!

The two of them exchanged a blow, and Niu Jianhua was instantly pushed back continuously, taking a whole dozen steps back before he could steady his footing.

"Yi, this place is quite strange. After sustaining such a powerful impact, not a single floor tile is broken." Ling Han looked at the ground, his expression filled with curiosity.

Everyone was dumbfounded.

'What in the world is going on in your head? Why would you say such a thing at this moment?'

Furthermore, they had already battled quite a few times previously, so why did you not realize it at all?

Niu Jianhua stood still. He looked at Ling Han in disbelief, and felt an indescribable shame and fury.

He was actually inferior to Ling Han?

Being crushed by a person that he did not take seriously at all, this was equivalent to a heavy slap to his face, so how could he not feel stifled?Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

How was this possible? A person who was only so-so in cultivation could actually crush him, a one-star genius?

No, he definitely could not lose to Ling Han. His pride would not allow it.

"Sword, come!" he shouted lightly. Xiu, a ray of light flew out of his mouth. That was a ball, but after it left his mouth, it rapidly expanded, and actually turned into a sword that revolved around him.

'Eh, what does that mean?'

"Weapon Nurturing Technique?" the Foundation Building elite exclaimed in astonishment. There was a hint of seriousness in his eyes as he looked at Niu Jianhua.

He had heard that some people would nurture their weapons with their bodies from a young age, and when they were cultivating, the power of heaven and earth would also flow through the weapons, causing the weapons to develop a spirit, which naturally became a Spirit Tool, and this was called the Weapon Nurturing Technique.

However, the Weapon Nurturing Technique was extremely difficult to use.

Why?

That was because how could a weapon be swallowed into one's body? If it moved, wouldn't it first tear open one's own stomach?

Thus, weapons used for nurturing needed to be made from a special material. When stowed into the stomach, they could be curled up and turned into a ball. That way, they would not be able to hurt the internal organs, and when they needed to be used, they would be spat out and turn back into their original form, controlled by Spiritual Power. Because the weapon was constantly nurtured personally, the weapon was also completely compatible with the wielder. It was as if it had become a part of him, and he could command it very easily.

Since that was the case, why was it that only those important clansmen and disciples of those great clans and sects could cultivate the Weapon Nurturing Technique? It was precisely because the ingredients for nurturing weapons were too special, and were incredibly rare and valuable. Furthermore, in the process of nurturing weapons, a great many supplementary ingredients were still needed, which were similarly astonishingly expensive. Without the help of a large sect or a large clan, there was absolutely no way they could support it.

Hiss, this young man must have a powerful background!

He had misjudged, he had committed an error in judgement.

Niu Jianhua summoned his flying sword, and his confidence instantly increased greatly.

In the Celestial Path, the key to the Weapon Nurturing Technique lay in "nurturing" and not using it. It was just like how one was still in his early childhood, and he himself was actually still quite fragile. Furthermore, the process of nurturing had been interrupted, and he would have to pay a very great price to be able to continue.

Thus, even though he was no match for Liu Huayun, he had never thought of summoning his flying sword.

-So what if he won? He would only be fighting in a moment of pride.

However, the present situation was different. He definitely had to obtain the Star Origin Fruit. This would affect his future prospects. Thus, even if he had to interrupt the process of nurturing his Weapon, he still had to use it to defeat Ling Han.

Sigh, who asked his Battle Armor to be stolen by some little thief?

"It's actually the Weapon Nurturing Technique!" There were also people among the youngsters who knew what was what, and they couldn't help but inhale sharply, before finally speaking out.

"What Weapon Nurturing Technique?" everyone asked.

The young man from before explained, and instantly, the others were moved.

This Niu Jianhua definitely came from a great force.

But the problem was, even if there were SpiritTransformation True Lords here, everyone had been locked up in the prison previously, so where would Niu Jianhua get the resources to nurture his weapon?

Niu Jianhua's expression was filled with arrogance. He knew that once his Weapon Nurturing Technique was exposed, he would definitely become the focus of everyone's attention, but this did not put the slightest pressure on him. At his age, what he needed the most was the admiration of his peers, and the admiration of the opposite sex.

"Can Ye, admit defeat!" he said, bearing a lofty air.

Ling Han laughed loudly, "Since that is the case, then I will show you my ultimate move!"

He also gave a loud shout, and immediately, a suit of armor appeared beside him, flickering with golden light.

'F*ck!'

At this moment, Niu Jianhua almost died from fury.

Wasn't that his Battle Armor?

Why was it in Ling Han's hands?

It was very simple. The vermin that had robbed him was Ling Han!

No wonder this guy could "divinate" when his bad luck would disappear. F***, it was this guy that had struck him! It was completely Ling Han's fault that he would be plagued by bad luck!

His suffering was great, and his hatred was deep!

Niu Jianhua's fury instantly exploded. He had imagined countless times how that little thief would look like, and had also imagined countless times how he would torture and kill this person after he had caught him.

In the end... this little thief was actually right in front of his eyes, tricking him into running around in circles.

Heavens knew that when he was calling the other Grandmaster, how hard Ling Han had been laughing in his heart.

Damn it! Damn it ten thousand times over!

"I'm going to kill you, kill you! Kill you!" he roared loudly, and slashed out at Ling Han with his sword.

A sword that had been nurtured was naturally incredibly sharp. Furthermore, he was about to step into Celestial Path, and his mastery of the Weapon Nurturing Technique was close to Small Accomplishment level. This sword could practically kill all existences below Celestial Path.

However-

With a ding, when the flying sword struck the armour, it merely burst forth with endless sparks, and then bounced back, not leaving behind even a sliver of a white line.

This was a Celestial Path Spirit Tool, and it was a complete set at that.

Ling Han smiled faintly, "Yo, you're still a little bit away. Work hard, and you'll be able to draw a white line on it!"

Hearing these words, everyone was speechless.

'You're far too depraved, aren't you? How can you insult me like this?'

Niu Jianhua was even more enraged. This Battle Armor was his! It was his! It was his!

Using a flying sword that he had nurtured to strike his own Battle Armor, what kind of idiotic action was that?

He felt terrible.

"There's no need to be reserved, come!" Ling Han charged over and threw a punch.

How could Niu Jianhua dare to face it head-on? He hurriedly dodged.

He naturally knew that this Battle Armor was a One Star Tool, and even among One Star Tools, it belonged to the top tier. Most importantly, its defense was invincible, and was not something that he could cut open at all.

Thus, Ling Han was already standing in an invincible position.

What was the point of fighting?

He put away the flying sword, and declared harshly, "I forfeit!"

He stared at Ling Han. Once this brat left the Primordial Sect, he would have his four followers move to capture him. No matter how awesome he was, how could he be a match for a Foundation Building elite?

Ling Han was dissatisfied. He hadn't played enough, so why had he surrendered?

"Don't be anxious, let's spar some more," he said.

"Have you had enough!" the Foundation Building elite said with a dark expression. He couldn't bear to watch any longer.