Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3611: Improvement

Translator: Henyee Translations l Editor: Henyee Translations

Qian Senlai wore a solemn expression as he looked at Ling Han. He withdrew his last shred of contempt.

Though in the outside world, he could crush Ling Han with a single finger, in this place, Ling Han was a strong opponent.

He took a deep breath, and assumed an attacking stance.

“Three Elements Floating Wind Palm,” Luo Xi blurted out. There was also a hint of shock in his voice. This was one of Qian Senlai’s trump cards. He hadn’t expected him to use it so quickly.

Ling Han was not careless either. The present Qian Senlai was exuding a powerful aura, as if even if the sky collapsed, he would be able to send even the sky itself backwards with a single palm strike.

This was probably a celestial technique.

One of the advantages of Celestial Path elites was that they could truly grasp celestial techniques, and using the power of a Mystery Realm Tier to activate a celestial technique, although its might would be considerably weaker, it would definitely be stronger than a normal martial arts technique.

Fine then, celestial technique versus celestial technique.

Ling Han’s fist turned into a claw, and his body was like an eagle spreading out its wings, similarly exuding a vicious aura. He was like a fierce bird of prey that was about to attack from the primitive era.

The Eighteen Claws of the Golden Eagle.

Qian Senlai was naturally stunned again. F*ck, what was going on here? How had a Mystery Realm Tier learnt a celestial technique?

Are you a monster!

While he was still stunned, Ling Han had already charged over. His claws danced, and golden light filled the skies.

Qian Senlai was stunned, but he naturally wasn’t afraid either. He instinctively charged forward.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The two of them clashed endlessly, and golden and silver light flashed madly.

Ling Han suddenly recalled that since the Demonic Monkey Fists was taught by Brother Monkey, it must also be a celestial technique. Furthermore, he had once stimulated an incredibly terrifying illusion of a Demonic Monkey. That might was really indescribably powerful.

However, the strongest trait of the Demonic Monkey Fists was Frequency Attack, which allowed him to attack a stronger opponent and not fall into a disadvantage.

The problem was that he needed to first grasp the rhythm of his opponent’s attacks before he could use Frequency Attack.

He was now passive.

Could he simply ignore his opponent’s attacks, and form Frequency Attack on

his end?

He could give it a try.

Once he succeeded, his battle prowess would steadily increase.

Ling Han’s eyes lit up. He suddenly switched to the Demonic Monkey Fists.

F***, what are you playing at?

Qian Senlai felt gloomy. He had just about gotten used to the rhythm of the Eighteen Claws of the Golden Eagle, but Ling Han suddenly turned his claws into fists again, and the rhythm of his attacks completely changed, making him feel so terrible that he felt like he was about to throw up blood.

Elites loved to study the ultimate techniques of their opponents, and then decipher them. Now, he had just grasped a bit of it, yet Ling Han was not using it anymore, making him feel like a child whose beloved toy had been snatched away, feeling extremely terrible.

However, the moment Ling Han used his fist technique, he felt a tremendous pressure. His opponent was exuding a ruthless aura, exerting pressure on his mind.

Intent Realm!

Qian Senlai was shocked. Only a celestial technique could cultivate an Intent Realm, but not every celestial technique could do it. It had to be a considerably first-class celestial technique, and the user would also have to have astonishing natural talent, and have completely grasped the essence of the celestial technique.

A Mystery Realm Tier cultivator could actually grasp the essence of a celestial technique? Moreover, this fist technique was so powerful at that?

Ordinary Intent Realms would only affect the environment. For example, one would be placed in a furnace or an iceberg. Only a very limited number of Intent Realms would directly suppress one’s mind. This effect was more direct, but it was also a double-sided blade.

Because once the opponent’s willpower was strong enough, they could turn around and suppress the caster.

From this aspect, the person who created this fist technique must be an extremely domineering and confident existence. When I throw a punch, there would be no one that could match me in this world!

Ling Han did the same. With a battle cry, the Demonic Monkey Fists attacked randomly. It was as if he had transformed into a ruthless Primitive Age Demonic Monkey that wanted to crush everything.

He threw punch after punch, experiencing the shockwaves of the punches. “You’re underestimating me!” Qian Senlai roared. He unleashed his full battle prowess, and as his Spiritual Power surged, his hands became incredibly bright. The silvery brilliance seemed capable of blinding. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Boom, boom, boom! He continued to exchange blows with Ling Han. In terms of fighting spirit, as a top prodigy, Ling Han naturally wouldn’t lose to anyone.

If you want a head-on clash, then go ahead. There was absolutely no way I would cower.

This was exactly what Ling Han wanted. He needed pressure to force himself to break through.

The greater the pressure, the more motivated he would be.

Luo Xi’s expression became more and more solemn. Though Ling Han had not advanced into Celestial Path yet, and accidents could happen when he leaped over the Celestial Gate, what if his battle prowess would not be damaged when he leaped over the Celestial Gate?

This would be a powerful opponent.

Strange, when had such a young prodigy appeared in Peaceful Splendor County?

Ling Han gradually gained appreciation. In the first place, he had already grasped Frequency Attack, and knew the principles behind it. However, he was presently accumulating power on his side, and only needed a change.

“This way!”

He shot out two punches like lightning. The power in front was slightly slower, and the power behind caught up to the surge of power in front, forming a wave-like pattern.

Peng!

In this exchange of blows, Ling Han couldn’t help but stumble backwards. On the other hand, Qian Senlai did not retreat a single step at all, and was completely on the upper hand.

On the surface, it looked like Ling Han had suffered a loss, but he was actually smiling.

This was because his two attacks had formed its own Frequency Attack, greatly increasing their might. However, the accumulation of power from his two punches was naturally unable to contend against Qian Senlai’s full strength. Thus, he was at a disadvantage.

Again!

He threw three punches, one power after another, like a wave.

Peng, peng, peng! Ling Han clashed with Qian Senlai again. This time, he was still at a disadvantage, but his situation had already improved slightly.

Ling Han let out a battle cry, and the power of four surges of power joined forces.

Five layers, six layers, seven layers… as Ling Han’s attacks became fiercer and fiercer, he gradually turned the tables, and was no longer inferior to Qian Senlai at all.

Qian Senlai roared in fury. He thought that he had the upper hand and would soon win, but Ling Han was too tenacious, forcefully erasing his disadvantage. His attacks became even more rapid, wanting to kill Ling Han in a single stroke.

But on the sidelines, Luo Xi felt a slight chill all over his body as he watched.

As an observer, he could see clearly. Previously, Ling Han had been testing out a technique or something, and because he was unfamiliar with it, he had suddenly fallen into a disadvantage. However, now that he had mastered it, he had turned the situation around.

The matter was very simple, but the significance behind this was too terrifying.

-In such an intense battle, Ling Han actually managed to test out a new technique?

What kind of confidence was this, and what kind of comprehension ability was this?

He had a feeling that Peaceful Splendor County was already destined to have an incredibly dazzling rookie.

Ling Han laughed loudly. He had already completed the transformation, converting the Frequency Attack into one that had himself as a focus.

Come.

He threw another punch, and his fist vibrated madly at a frequency that was hard to catch with the naked eye. Instantly, he shot out seventy overlapping layers of power.

The limit of the Demonic Monkey Fists was 108 overlapping layers of power, and he was still far from reaching the limit.

This wasn’t a simple superimposition of 70 layers of power, but rather a specific frequency formed from wave after wave.

Peng!

Qian Senlai faced this attack head-on, yet his expression changed drastically. He involuntarily stumbled back a few steps.

On the other hand, Ling Han was completely unscathed.

It was clear that Ling Han was already at an advantage in this situation.

Qian Senlai could not believe this. He stared blankly at Ling Han, his heart completely in a daze.

How was this possible? How was this possible?