Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3617: Ghosts

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Hiss, this place is too strange!” Ling Han gritted his teeth. Was this really a palace, and not a large tomb?

“However, it wasn’t easy for me to come in. How can I be willing to leave without taking a look around?”

Ling Han didn’t stop walking. The palace was huge, and it measured about 30 meters in height. It appeared extremely imposing.

The floor tiles were still as bright as before, but there was no special effect this time, causing Ling Han to remain where he was.

This place was extraordinarily spacious. Aside from multiple thick bronze pillars, there was nothing else.

Ling Han observed the bronze pillar. It should have existed for many years, and had already rusted. It was mottled, but he could still clearly see that there were originally patterns engraved on the pillar, but what exactly they were, he could no longer distinguish.

Who had this palace once belonged to, and why had it appeared here?

The outer circle of the palace was protected by a light screen, which was obviously deliberate. Then what was the purpose of the palace’s existence?

It was naturally impossible for Ling Han to understand. He shook his head, and continued to walk forwards. Who knew if he would be able to find the answer in the depths of the palace.

“Could it be that someone reached this place before me and ransacked this place completely?”

“If that’s really the case, should I dig out the floor tiles outside? No matter what, I have to have some gains, right?”

Ling Han thought, not feeling the slightest bit apologetic.

’Hmm?’

An incomparable feeling of apprehension suddenly rose up in his heart. Abruptly, he turned to look to his left, and saw that there was actually a black Qi seeping out of the crack between two floor tiles, exuding an indescribable evil.

What the hell was this?

Ling Han had a feeling that he definitely couldn’t be touched by this thing, or he would definitely be consigned to eternal damnation.

Black Qi continuously surged out. There was a large mass, and after about ten seconds, it seemed to have completely emerged. This black Qi began to surge, and then took the form of a human figure.

Hey, hey, hey, what the hell was this?

The human-shaped black Qi became more and more realistic, forming eyes, nose, mouth, and so on.

This was actually an old woman. Her figure was stooped, and she looked old and frail.

Had he really seen a ghost?

Ling Han didn’t think that humans could turn into a cloud of smoke. Moreover, the old woman’s eyes were far too abnormal. There were no eyeballs at all, and they were only pitch-black.

Was there really ghosts in this world?

Ling Han asked himself again. Previously, he definitely didn’t believe in the existence of vengeful ghosts, but now, this perception was being shattered.

The old woman set her eyes on Ling Han. Her dark eye sockets were like bottomless abysses, causing Ling Han to lose his wits at first sight. He was completely unable to extricate himself.

Very strong, very strong. This old woman was definitely Celestial Path-level, and in fact… was not inferior to Brother Monkey!

Hiss, what kind of existence was Brother Monkey?

Minor Advanced Tier, a great elite of Sect Master-level!

But the old woman that had popped out of nowhere was actually this kind of existence?

He had to be seeing things. Though this was the Moonlight Planet, and its overall level of cultivation was far superior to the Celestial Sea Planet, it shouldn’t be so freakish, right?

What could he do? Ling Han was covered in cold sweat. If a great elite at the level of Sect Master wanted to harm him, how could he possibly block it? No matter what he did, it would be useless.

However, with Ling Han’s personality, how could he just sit by and wait for death?

The old woman suddenly opened her mouth, and a terrifying scene appeared. When she opened her mouth, her whole face was gone, turning into a bloody mouth. Then, she pounced towards Ling Han.

He was going to be in trouble!

Xiu, right at this moment, a bronze pillar suddenly lit up, and struck the old woman, instantly sending the old woman backwards.

Ling Han saw very clearly that there was a hole on the old woman’s left shoulder, and he could clearly see through the hole to the scene behind her.

A single pillar of light had pierced a hole in an existence of Sect Master-level?

Ling Han felt his head go numb. Just what kind of place had he entered? This was too dreamlike, wasn’t it?

The old woman released a sharp cry. It was clearly soundless, but Ling Han felt a sharp pain in his mind, as if it was about to burst.

Xiu, xiu, xiu! The bronze pillar shot out another pillar of light. This time, it was not just one, but three, and they all shot towards the old woman.

This pillar of light was practically indestructible. As the three pillars of light surged past, three holes appeared on the old woman’s body.

That sharp cry was not soundwaves, but rather the barrage of divine sense.

Ling Han felt apprehensive. This palace seemed to be used to suppress the old woman, and thankfully, that was the case. Otherwise, if a Sect Master-level existence,launched an attack, how could he block it?

The bronze pillars continued to shoot out pillars of light. Even though they were already covered with rust, and it was unknown how long they had existed for, their might was truly extraordinary. In just a few strikes, the Sect Master-level old woman was blasted full of holes, and turned back into smoke. After being struck by a few more pillars of light, she completely dissipated.

Ling Han breathed a sigh of relief, feeling a layer of cold sweat on his back.

It had been too dangerous just now. In front of a Sect Master elite, he was so fragile that he did not have the slightest ability to protect himself.

He looked at the bronze pillars again. They were clearly rusted, but they still had such might, easily killing a being on the level of Sect Master?

Furthermore, just what in the world was that old woman that the black smoke had taken form in?

Ling Han stared at the bronze pillar, his eyes burning with desire. If he could carry one back, then wouldn’t he be able to sweep aside the whole Celestial Sea Planet?

Carrying one away… it shouldn’t be a big deal, right? There were bronze pillars everywhere here.

It was a wonderful idea, but Ling Han couldn’t move the bronze pillar at all. It seemed to have been forged from Divine Metal, and was incredibly sturdy.

This was something that could kill a Sect Master-level existence, so what was his little bit of power worth?

Sigh!

Ling Han sighed. He had really entered into a mountain of treasures, yet could only sigh in vain.

He strode forward, his heart filled with anticipation. The bronze pillar was so powerful, so if he could discover any treasure, it would definitely be extremely shocking.

After walking for a while, Ling Han once again felt a strong sense of apprehension.

Could it be that it… had come again?

He looked behind him, and to no avail, a mass of black smoke came out of the crack in the floor tiles.

In an instant, the black smoke took human form.

This time, it wasn’t the old woman. Instead, it was a middle-aged man. He was clearly a vengeful ghost, yet it was as if he were an elite that could suppress the world. His aura was domineering, and it was incredibly terrifying.

This was another Sect Master-level being. In fact, he was slightly stronger than the old woman from before.

Ling Han was stunned. Just how many vengeful ghosts were there beneath this palace? Furthermore, they were all Sect Master-level. This was too shocking, wasn’t it?

However, so what if this vengeful ghost was at the level of Sect Master? The bronze pillar lit up, and it was very quickly slashed into ashes.

Ling Han was no longer worried. This palace was probably here to suppress the vengeful ghosts. The bronze pillar was too strong, killing one after another.

He passed through the front hall, and a garden appeared ahead of him, but now all the plants had wilted.

Ling Han saw that there were a great many Celestial Plants here. Some of their grade had even reached six stars, but now, they had lost all their divine brilliance, and were as dead as could be.

Too bad, too unfortunate.

Ling Han shook his head as he continued to walk forward. There were too many Celestial medicines here, yet they had all wilted.

Who would be so wasteful! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

After taking a few more steps, a fountain appeared in front of them, but the fountain was no longer spewing out. There was still some water in the pool, and there were also a few water balls. They were clearly a ball of water, but had not split apart..