Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3618: Imperial Palace

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han faltered upon hearing this. ‘F*ck! This was Water Element Crystal!’

Just how difficult was this thing to forge?

Even with Ling Han’s strength, and with the help of the seven babies, it would take him several years to get even one.

However, there were quite a few here, one, two, three, four, five… there were a total of six water balls, which meant six Water Element Crystals.

Success!

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel pleasantly surprised. He didn’t expect that the Water Element Crystal that gave him a headache would be obtained in such a way.

He hurriedly put away the Water Element Crystals. He had taken all six. It was fine even if he didn’t need so many; he could still sell them.

Just for these six Water Element Crystals, this trip was already worth it. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Yet Ling Han was even more expectant. Would there be anything good in the palace hall that he entered later?

He no longer set his eyes on those wilted Celestial medicines, and quickly entered into the palace hall that lay further inside.

Come, use a treasure to smash him to death. He did not mind.

It was the same for the second half of the palace hall. The majestic bronze pillars stood tall, existing for who knew how long, and would also exist eternally.

Black smoke billowed out, and vengeful ghosts took form again.

The bronze pillar lit up and easily destroyed them.

Ling Han couldn’t even be bothered to look at them now. In any case, once the pillar of light blasted them, the vengeful ghosts would definitely have no way out.

The palace was huge, but there would eventually be an end to it.

However, before he could reach the end, he saw a person standing in front of him.

It was only a back view, but it was like a sun in the dark universe, incredibly dazzling, concealing everything else.

He felt like all the blood in his body was boiling, and an incredibly powerful reverence rose up in his heart. He wanted to kneel down and worship.

Was this an Ancestral King? Only a great emperor that ruled over the ages would have such might, right?

He… was he still alive?

Ling Han forcefully suppressed the fear in his heart. This was a gap in level of being. The other was much, much stronger than him, and he wasn’t even qualified to compare. However, Ling Han could admit that he was weak, but mentally, he would definitely not bow his head.

Gritting his teeth, he forced himself not to kneel.

“Senior…” he said in a trembling voice. He wasn’t afraid, but he couldn’t control his muscles.

The other party acted as if he had not heard him. He was still standing tall, dressed all in white, as divine as a celestial.

Was he going to ignore him, or was he dead?

Ling Han felt that the other’s condition was a little strange. The flame of life of an existence like this should be burning fiercely, and astonishingly energetic, but now, though he was dazzling, he lacked vitality.

If he was still alive, that would be even more terrifying. A single thought would be able to destroy heaven and earth, right?

Ling Han barely managed to move his body. He could not approach. If he went even the slightest bit closer, his skin would be torn apart.

This was not a misconception, because he had tried it. He had only moved slightly, and blood was already gushing out explosively from his body. Furthermore, if he continued to advance even the slightest bit further, he was sure that his physical body would explode.

So what if his physique had been the result of cultivating Seventh Extreme and Seven Inscriptions? In front of such a being, it was completely trash.

Was this really an Ancestral King?

Ling Han shuffled to the other side. Though the distance between him and the white-robed person was not close, he could still see the latter’s face from this angle.

This was a middle-aged man who looked to be only in his forties. He was incredibly handsome, and even with his eyes closed, he still had an indescribable domineering aura, as if he was the center of the world, and there was no one else but him.

However, this was really a dead man, without any signs of life.

Hiss, even a dead man was so powerful. It was impossible to get close to him, as he could forcefully explode.

Right at this moment, the corners of that person’s lips curled up slightly, and he actually revealed a smile.

‘F*ck! I’ve seen a ghost! No, he has come back to life!’

Ling Han got a scare, but the white-robed person was dispersing into thin air. His body was like dust, dispersing layer by layer, returning to the heaven and earth.

A voice rang out in Ling Han’s mind. It was like a bell, but also like how great dao was being passed down at the beginning of the universe.

“My name is Wu Qingxu. In pursuit of the path of becoming an Emperor, I have expended great effort, and found the past temporary residence of Great Emperor Wu Ya. The more I find out about the merits of Great Emperor Wu Ya, the more impressed I am. Thus, I have decided to stay here to stand guard here and guard the Great Emperor’s spirit.”

“Though I have not become an Emperor, I have no regrets.”

Ling Han was transfixed with shock. This white-robed person wasn’t an Ancestral King. Instead, he wanted to become an Ancestral King—the Ancestral King was also known as the Great Emperor and the Holy Emperor. He wasn’t an emperor like Chen Fengyan, but rather a cultivation emperor who could suppress all the elites in the world.

However, with such great aspirations, and furthermore, this Wu Qingxu himself was an incredibly powerful existence, yet because he had come into contact with the life experiences of Great Emperor Wu Ya, he had given up the idea of becoming an Emperor, and was willing to guard his spirit.

Venerate Tier, Saint Tier?

Perhaps he was a Saint. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been qualified to pursue the path of becoming an Emperor.

This was an exaggeration. Was the brilliance of a Great Emperor so dazzling, that even a Saint would give up the decision to become an Emperor?

—Though even if Wu Qingxu did not give up, the possibility of him becoming an Emperor was also endlessly close to zero.

Just what had this Great Emperor Wu Ya done when he was alive, that would actually cause a Saint to be able to endure eternal loneliness in such a damn place, and live a life of loneliness?

“The reason why the Great Emperor has set up this palace is to suppress an evil eye in the heaven and earth, preventing ghosts from appearing and wreaking havoc in the world.”

“However, even the Great Emperor is no match for the vicissitudes of time. When I came here, it has already been hundreds of millions of years since the Great Emperor left behind his temporary residence all those years ago. Even the imperial seals have already begun to wear away.”

“I have used my whole life’s effort, and just barely managed to strengthen the imperial seals. I should be able to preserve them for another ten million years.”

“Those who come later, the fact that you can come here means that your willpower, mind, and potential are all excellent. In future, there is a chance that you can become a Saint.”

“If you become a Saint, I hope that you can come here again to strengthen the imperial seals.”

“The Great Emperor left behind an opportunity here. Because I am determined to guard his spirit here for the rest of my life, I did not take it, and left it for your use.”

Wu Qingxu’s voice weakened, and after saying a few more words, he finally disappeared.

Ling Han was speechless for a long time. He was filled with admiration for Wu Qingxu.

There were only a few Saints in the world, and there were pitifully few of them. Aside from the Ancestral King, they were the strongest. And in the case of the Ancestral King, only one could appear in a single era. Thus, Saints were equivalent to standing at the pinnacle of the world.

Yet this kind of elite was willing to stand guard here. Firstly, it was due to his admiration of Great Emperor Wu Ya, and secondly, it was to suppress the Evil Eye. How could this kind of magnanimity not cause others to feel deep veneration for him?

Wu Qingxu had completely turned into nothing. He had used all his power to strengthen the imperial seals, and now that his obsession had disappeared, his whole person had also completely disappeared.

Now that he was gone, his Dao had also disappeared, so the pressure was naturally gone.

Ling Han instantly came back to his senses. He couldn’t help but feel rueful. There would always be people doing great deeds in this world, and those who came later could only admire them.

However, if it was him, he would not choose to do the same thing as Wu Qingxu. Instead, he would work hard to become an Ancestral King, charge into the Evil Eye, and resolve the problem once and for all.

Of course, even Great Emperor Wu Ya had only left behind a palace to suppress it, so this Evil Eye would definitely be incredibly difficult to get rid of.

Ling Han walked forwards. Great Emperor Wu Ya was broad-minded, and left behind an incredibly valuable treasure for those who came later.

Ahead of him, on a stone table, there was a dark golden metal that was no bigger than the size of a fist. Streaks of Primal Chaos aura hung down, each strand incredibly heavy, comparable to a star. There was also lightning flashing, as if it could split open the heavens and earth..