Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3628: Combined Formation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, what use was this?

Ling Han charged over, unleashing a murderous aura. The six elders were all affected, and they all wore dazed expressions.

“Humph!” Meng Yangchengmoved, and delivered a palm strike at Ling Han.

Ling Han threw a punch to block this attack. This naturally had an effect on his attack. Another punch shot out, and though it sent the six old men flying, it ultimately did not cause any damage.

“I never thought that your battle prowess would actually be so astonishing!” Meng Yangcheng humphed, his face filled with wariness.

In the outside world, he could easily stomp Ling Han to death. However, in this place, where his cultivation level was limited, he could only unleash the battle prowess of a Mystery Realm Tier. He didn’t have the slightest bit of confidence.

Ling Han didn’t reply, instead replying with a powerful attack.

He would never show mercy to those who were bore him malicious intent.

Meng Yangcheng no longer sat by and watched, and also joined the battle. Furthermore, he was the main force. He took out a sword. The green blade exuded a terrifying murderous aura, possessing an indescribable might.

This was the precious treasure of the Azure Dragon Empire, the Azure Dragon Sword… a replica of the Azure Dragon Sword. It belonged to the category of standard Spirit Tool, and would be equipped by the majority of heirs.

Even though it was a replica, it was far more powerful than a Spirit Tool of the same level.

Shua, the sword swept out, and the image of the Azure Dragon appeared. It bared its fangs and brandished its claws, its aura soaring to the heavens.

The six old men cooperated. They didn’t attack Ling Han, but rather walked with strange steps, supplementing surge after surge of power to Meng Yangcheng.

This was a formation?

Ling Han was surprised. This was really amazing. Combining the power of seven people together, and then unleashed by one person, the might was far stronger than the combined power of seven people.

The Azure Dragon roared as the Sword Qi slashed over.

‘Do you think I’m afraid of you?’

Ling Han humphed and threw a punch. 70 layers of power stacked together, and it was a Frequency Attack at that.

Peng, the force of the punch landed on the Sword Qi. The projection of the Azure Dragon trembled slightly, and instantly shattered.

“What!” Meng Yangcheng’s expression changed drastically. The seven of them working together were actually still unable to suppress Ling Han. Just how freakish was this guy’s battle prowess?

Two-star genius… or even three-star genius?

If he had known that Ling Han was only an Enlightenment Tier, he would definitely have guessed that Ling Han was a four-star genius, or even five-star genius!

Ling Han let out a battle cry, and blasted the Demonic Monkey Fists towards Meng Yangcheng.

“You are too arrogant!” Meng Yangcheng exclaimed lightly. His present battle prowess was not inferior to Ling Han.

Hong, his right hand shot out Sword Qi, while his left hand formed into a palm, and struck out repeatedly at Ling Han.

The two of them exchanged blows. After obtaining the power boost from the six people, Meng Yangcheng’s power was actually far superior to Ling Han’s. However, Ling Han had grasped Frequency Attack, and could attack the strong while he himself was weak, but was not the slightest bit weaker.

At this moment, the two of them were in a deadlock.

Actually, it was very simple to defeat Meng Yangcheng. As long as he killed those six old men, he would no longer have the power boost, and his battle prowess would naturally decline.

However, Meng Yangcheng obviously knew this as well. He protected the six old men very well. This was a little like an eagle catching chicks. Ling Han was an eagle, the six old men were chicks, and Meng Yang Cheng was the mother of the chicks.

This scene was very funny. If the little loli appeared at this time, her eyes would definitely light up and say that she wanted to play with them.

Meng Yangcheng was also speechless, and even a little embarrassed.

He was the heir of the Azure Dragon Majestic Empire, and his status was extremely high. However, a mere Mystery Realm Tier was actually capable of fighting him to a tie, which made him feel humiliated.

Thankfully, there were not many people here that could get close, so there was no need to worry that this matter would be exposed.

His killing intent grew even stronger. This Ling Han was so strong, yet he was still able to come here, which made him see him as a great threat.

Could it be that this was a member of the Buddhist Race that was competing with him for the great opportunity?

“Die!” he shouted loudly. He suddenly took a deep breath, and it was as if his whole person had been blown up. He actually swelled up, and turned into a giant that was as tall as thirty meters.

Boom, he delivered another strike, and Sword Qi that was as thick as a great tree slashed over, its might skyrocketing.

Yi, what secret technique was this?

Meng Yangcheng’s battle prowess increased explosively, but the six old men all looked ashen, their vitality greatly depleted.

They all complained incessantly, because to use such a powerful move, they would have to extract the power of seven people, and only then would they barely be able to do so. But now that one person was gone, the burden on each of them would be greatly increased, so they naturally could not bear it.

But there was nothing that could be done. Meng Yangcheng was completely the core of this secret technique, and he had the complete initiative. As long as he did not stop, the six of them would only be continuously absorbed.

Thus, they only had one thought, and that was Meng Yangcheng had to kill Ling Han as soon as possible. Otherwise, they would be in deep trouble.

Hong! Hong! Hong!

Meng Yangcheng was incomparably fierce. After enlarging, his power increased greatly. Even Ling Han’s Frequency Attack couldn’t completely dissipate his offensive.

He had completely taken the initiative, his sword and palm extremely domineering.

Ling Han was completely capable of stalling for time. Behind this kind of strength, he would definitely be killing the goose that lay the golden egg, the six old men. However, how could someone like him be willing to use this kind of method to win?

How could it be that he could not win in a head-on confrontation?

Ling Han let out a battle cry, and the barrage of murderous aura surged towards Meng Yangcheng.

Even in his current state, Meng Yangcheng was still affected, and paused slightly. However, it was only for an instant. He immediately recovered, but it was inevitable that a flaw had appeared.

‘Come!’

Ling Han used the Three Styles of the God of War. Instantly, it was as if the heaven and earth were centered around him, and boundless energy converged.

He shot out a palm strike, and energy surged out.

Meng Yangcheng revealed an expression of fear, but there was already no way for him to dodge. He could only grit his teeth and face Ling Han head-on. Boom!

He and Ling Han clashed in close-quarter combat, and felt Ling Han’s power surge towards him in an extremely terrifying manner.

He had finally withstood this attack, but he was immediately shocked, because Ling Han had delivered a second attack. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

How was this possible?

How could he use such a violent attack twice in a row?

‘Is your power unlimited? Is your body forged from Divine Metal? Aren’t you afraid of shattering?’

There was nothing else that could be done. He could only grit his teeth and continue the barrage. With a bang, he felt like his body was about to collapse, and the six old men behind him all spat out blood. They were one and the same, and a loss to one would mean a loss to all of them.

However, this was not the end.

The Three Styles of the God of War naturally had a total of three moves.

Ling Han gave a loud shout, and delivered his third attack.

This time, he couldn’t withstand it.

Meng Yangcheng thought. He made a prompt decision, cutting his losses and directly dispersing this impact, allowing the six old men behind him to bear it.

He was the core of this formation, and also the guide. Of course, he could do this.

Peng!

The surging power surged past, and the expressions of the six old men changed drastically. This was a destructive power.

“Your Imperial Highness!” They released cries of despair, but Meng Yangcheng completely ignored them.

Peng, peng, peng, peng! The six of them were all shattered by the terrifying power.

“Pu—” Meng Yangcheng also spat out a mouthful of blood. He no longer wanted to continue fighting, and turned around and left.

Ling Han chased after him for a few steps, and felt his chest boil violently. He stopped, and did not pursue him any further.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!