Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 379: Zhu Xuan Er

Translator: Reverie_ | Editor: Kurisu

This white-clothed girl was like a celestial fairy. Each step showed her grace and beauty. She was dignified, calm, and virtuous, but her physique was truly alluring and her legs slender and long, enough to reach the waist of someone of the same height.

The longer a female’s legs, the more alluring the physique. The ratio of her body was absolutely perfect, such that simply her walking stimulated endless daydreaming.

She had a slim and willowy waist, yet her buttocks jutted out, revealing an amazing curve and emitting a luscious bearing. Her breasts weren’t extremely large, but could fill an entire hand, and her pink neck was like jade, elegant like a swan’s. Her dark hair was like waterfall, tied up by a white silk ribbon.

She had no adornments on her entire body, yet it made people feel that this was the most perfect decision, since no matter what adornments were worn on her body, it would only make her appear tacky.

Ling Han was astonished; as expected, this girl didn’t need to reveal her looks at all to make people feel that she was like a fairy from the heavens, the most beautiful in all of time. The only other woman that ever made him feel this way was Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden.

However, he had seen Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden’s appearance, and it certainly fitted her perfect physique. From appearance alone, Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was definitely the most beautiful woman in the world—so beautiful that it felt like she shouldn’t have appeared in the mortal world.

‘But...ai!’ Ling Han sighed. That woman had to be so rude, coming over from time to time and taking random things. Reasoning with her would result in her threatening gaze, and his four disciples were beaten up terribly one after another.

Speaking of reverence, Ling Han could pat his chest and say that his four disciples were definitely more obedient toward Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden than him.

“Hehehe, you say no, but your eyes are pretty honest. Now you know that Fairy Zhu is unmatched in her generation, right?” Gong Letian’s voice sounded beside Ling Han’s ear and awakened him from his reminiscence.

Ling Han simply smiled and didn’t try to explain. He still thought that if his abilities surpassed Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden’s, then marrying a wife like her wouldn’t be too bad—it’d be pleasant to the eyes. However, strength was a necessary safeguard, or else she’d suppress him, and maybe at night... he’d be the one lying on the bottom.

Once Zhu Xuan Er arrived, she immediately became the center of attention. It was like she was born a goddess and everyone else would pale before her. Her graceful bearing was too alluring, such that others couldn’t even be envious.

No matter male or female, they all looked at her with a fanatical gaze as if they would all be willing to plunge into raging fire and boiling water after one word of command from her.

Ling Han was shocked on the inside; they were too fanatical—he would definitely not do such a thing.

“Xuan Er is very happy to be able to see all of you young prodigies. A toast to everyone.” Zhu Xuan Er held up her wine bowl. Instantly, people revealed expressions of being overwhelmed by flattery and honor, hurriedly holding up their wine bowls as well.

As Zhu Xuan Er lifted up the edge of her white gauze, revealing a snow-white chin and dark-red lips, people were as if they’d been drugged; some spurted blood from their nose, and some even fainted from excitement.

Everyone drank the wine with one gulp. Having received a toast from Zhu Xuan Er, they felt that this life was completely worth it even if they died.

Ling Han was felt a slight undulation within. Although he hadn’t seen Zhu Xuan Er’s complete appearance, just from looking at her chin and her small lips, a beautiful image could be outlined inside people’s minds from those exceedingly beautiful proportions.

It was just a tip of the iceberg, yet Ling Han was certain that Zhu Xuan Er’s beauty was far beyond Liu Yu Tong and the other girls’, even qualifying to compare against Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, it was impossible to sway Ling Han.

It couldn’t be helped. He saw Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden almost every day; she did things that made him very gloomy, so he couldn’t like her even if he wanted to. With such a preventive measure, so what if Zhu Xuan Er was the second Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden?

After Zhu Xuan Er proposed a toast, she lowered the white gauze, instantly making everyone feel an intense reluctance. The felt depressed, as if they’d been gouged and had lost the thing they loved the most.

She opened her mouth and said, “Xuan Er wants to buy a medicinal ingredient. If no one has it, then news on the medicinal ingredient will do as well. Xuan Er will repay you greatly.”

“Fairy Zhu, speak as you will.”

“Yes, to be able to serve Fairy Zhu, that’s our honor!”

“Through raging fire and boiling waters, ten thousand deaths won’t stop us!”

Everyone shouted one after another, even a few girls looked fanatical.

There was no emotion on Zhu Xuan Er’s delicate face. She said, “The ingredient Xuan Er wants is a seventh tier medicinal grass called Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass.”

“Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass? What’s that?”

“Never heard of it!”

Many people immediately shook their heads, but Ling Han was momentarily startled, because Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass was one of the two main ingredients he needed. He never would’ve thought he’d come into conflict with Zhu Xuan Er. If the two were to compete, it could be imagined that countless of people would definitely resent him.

Whatever, so what if she was exceptionally beautiful, she couldn’t even compare to a single hair on this master.

“Fairy Zhu, I know where the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass is!” A youngster stood up very excitedly. Without pressing, the youngster spilled it all out, “Three months ago, when I just left the Dark Demon Forest, I soon heard someone speak of the Crimson Red chilling Ice Grass, which should be in the depths of the forest.”

‘Hiss!’

Everyone gasped in astonishment. The Dark Demon Forest was one of the more notorious vicious places with Flower Blossom Tier beasts in its depths; normally, no one dared to enter the depths.

“Fairy Zhu, the Dark Demon Forest is too dangerous, it would bet better to go in two years!”

“Nonsense, Fairy Zhu needs Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass to save someone, can she wait for two years?”

“So you want Fairy Zhu to risk entering the Dark Demon Forest? She’ll lose her life!”

“Indeed, in two more years, maybe Fairy Zhu can advance into the Flower Blossom Tier; she won’t have to be afraid by then.”

Ling Han was moved. The Dark Demon Forest actually had the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass! He was ordered to harvest seven stalks of the Fiery Sun Grass and had no intention of doing so, but by the looks of it now, it seemed like fate was driving him there, mysterious and inexorable.

Looks like he’d have to go to the Dark Demon Forest.

Zhu Xuan Er was somewhat worried at first that it would bring trouble when the person spoke openly about the location of the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass. Thinking again, how many people dared to enter the Dark Demon Forest anyways?

She thanked that person and promised that if they’d encountered a trouble, they’d be very welcome to go to the Half Moon Sect to find her.

Since she was in a rush to find the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass, she soon said goodbye and left.

Once she left, the atmosphere instantly dropped drastically, and people no longer had the mood to stay. Not to mention, quite a few people already traded for the treasure they desired. Soon, they started biding farewell one after another.

Ling Han was very satisfied with this trip; he not only obtained Gold Silk Thousand Spark Fruit, but also obtained news on Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass.

He returned to refine Gold Silk Thousand Spark Fruit.