Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 380: Bone Forming Pill

Translator: Reverie_ | Editor: Kurisu

It was inappropriate to always live at an inn. Since Ling Han had opened two stores in Ji Yang City to seize endless streams of Origin Crystals, Ling Han had already set out to purchase a house; however, in the short amount of time, he hadn’t found a suitable one.

...Liu Yu Tong and Li Si Chan were very picky with the quality of the residence, but if it were up to Ling Han, as long as the place was clean, wasn’t living anywhere all the same?

So, they still stayed temporarily at the inn.

After returning to the inn, Ling Han immediately flashed into the Black Tower; improving cultivation obviously came first.

He took in the Gold Silk Thousand Spark Fruit and burst hundred pieces of Origin Crystal in passing. Weng , instantly, inexhaustible Origin Power wrapped around him and continuous streams of power poured into his body, as if kneading.

Hong , the spirit fruit’s medicinal effect was exhibited. Ling Han used his body as a furnace to fuse the medicinal effects, and cooperating with the power Origin Crystals provided, his cultivation immediately began to skyrocket.

Two spiritual oceans, one yin and one yang, spinning in opposite directions, began to expand under the stacked effects of medicinal and Origin Power.

It would be fast if placed on anyone else, but Ling Han’s spiritual oceans were far larger than that of normal Spiritual Ocean Tier warriors, so it appeared extremely slow. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ling Han estimated that this fruit could at most increase his cultivation by one small tier, and this was due to the large amount of Origin Power that he could expend; otherwise, if it aided him in advancing half a small tier, that would already be considered good.

Why were his spiritual oceans overly large and he even had two, one yin and one yang?

Two spiritual oceans kept moving against each other like a millstone, constantly polishing his Origin Power. The result of this was the complete removal of flaws in his Origin Power, making it more concentrated.

People usually started solidifying their cultivation after they reached the peak stage of the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier, but Ling Han carried it out constantly, so his tier was extremely stable; however, this meant that his advancement was very “slow.”

...Even if he was slow, he was still faster than normal people by ten times. After all, he was the Grandmaster of alchemy and didn’t lack Origin Crystals.

After a day and a night, Ling Han completely refined and absorbed the medicinal power of the spirit fruit, and his cultivation reached the fifth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier, one step closer to the ninth layer.

He circled around inside the Black Tower and pulled out several stalks of spirit grass, deciding to refine a few high tier medicinal pills for auction.

The profits from the tavern and the medicine store were small but steady, but if he really wanted to get rich overnight, then he could only refine high-tier medicinal pills for auction. However, Spirit Treasures Pavilion didn’t hold auctions everyday, so Ling Han only decided to refine pills a few days after he’d arrived.

...Spirit Treasures Pavilion’s next large scale auction was in ten days.

Ling Han refined a low level Earth Grade medicinal pill, Bone Forming Pill.

This medicinal pill was for the Flower Blossom Tier cultivators. After one took the Bone Forming Pill, one’s bones would be reconstructed, advancing towards a tougher state. This was very practical, because when two Flower Blossom Tier warriors attacked each other, even if one did not lose out on Origin Power, their bones could break due to lack of durability. When one’s bones were shattered, it affected one’s strength—so how embarrassing would that be?

So the tougher one refined one’s physique, then the higher one could reach in the future. This was the same thing as compacting one’s cultivation, but from a different approach.

Only those in the Flower Blossom Tier could take Bone Forming Pill because they surpassed the mortal level and blossomed a Heavenly Flower on their spiritual pedestal, giving them an endless stream of vitality; for anyone else, it would be courting death.

Ling Han smiled satisfyingly. For this Bone Forming Pill, he didn’t plan on accepting one star Origin Crystals, but two stars or three stars—he would soon advance into the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and the effect of one star Origin Crystals would drop substantially.

The profits from the tavern and the medicine store were enough to provide Liu Yu Tong and the others with resources to cultivate.

Ling Han headed to the Spirit Treasures Pavilion. After he took out Bone Forming Pill, it immediately stirred the higher-ups of the Spirit Treasures Pavilion. Such a medicinal pill was too high in grade, and for caution’s sake, they especially invited a Earth Grade alchemy master for appraisal.

Coincidentally, the alchemist was surnamed Liu, and named Ji Tong—he just so happened to be Liu Qi Yuan’s grandfather.

This Earth Grade alchemist was already seventy years old, and his cultivation was still at the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, unable to surpass the mortal limit. Otherwise, for a three hundred year lifespan, seventy years old was the prime of one’s life.

There was still hope—he was an Earth Grade alchemist after all. The resources in his grasp were extremely shocking, and perhaps he could refine some sort of spirit pill that would support him in charging into the Flower Blossom Tier.

Seeing the Bone Forming Pill, the old man was very shocked. This was a low level Earth Grade medicinal pill which was something he could refine, but after opening the pill bottle, the old man was suddenly startled, revealing an extremely excited look and staying silent for a long while.

“Master Liu,” a person from the Spirit Treasures Pavilion called out lightly.

Liu Ji Tong was finally woken up and said, “The quality of this bottle of Bone Forming Pill is too high, making this old man involuntarily sucked into a reverie.”

“How high?” the person from the Spirit Treasures Pavilion asked. Since Bone Forming Pill was too important, the one put in charge was a Flower Blossom Tier elite. However, in front of an Earth Grade alchemist, he appeared quite modest.

This Flower Blossom Tier elite was called Li Fei Chen.

“Thirteen stars, even fourteen stars in quality!” Liu Ji Tong pondered, making an evaluation.

Li Fei Chen instantly gasped in astonishment. His eyes burned with desire—he was a Flower Blossom Tier warrior, so he obviously needed Bone Forming Pills. The quality of thirteen stars or even fourteen stars gave him an urge to seize it.

“Young man, this medicinal is refined by an elder from your sect?” Liu Ji Tong looked at Ling Han. He definitely had to get acquainted with the alchemist who made it. In corroborating with each other, he might be able to improve upon his techniques.

If it were him, the refined Bone Forming Pill would be at most six stars in quality.

Ling Han cracked a smile and said, “If I said I was the one who refined it, would you guys believe it?”

“Hahahaha!” Liu Ji Tong and Li Fei Cheng laughed at the same time. This was a colossal joke—a seventeen year old, a low level Earth Grade medicinal pill, and thirteen stars in quality were things that couldn’t be placed together.

Ling Han laughed as well, and then took out a golden badge along with the identification crystal; upon activating it, information on his identity was displayed.

Liu JI Tong and Li Fei Cheng’s laughter stopped abruptly.

“You’re that Ling Han!” Liu Ji Tong cried out. Several months ago, when Ling Han was authenticated as an Earth Grade alchemist, the news spread to North Pill Pavilion. There was only one word in their minds: impossible!

A seventeen-year-old youngster actually refined an Earth Grade medicinal pill? What a bad joke! However, there were three Earth grade alchemists who jointly guaranteed, and so they could only believe it even if there were still suspicions.

They never would’ve thought that the youngest Earth Grade alchemist in history would actually appear.

Ling Han nodded and said, “I’m that Ling Han.”

Liu Ji Tong had no more doubts. There were only so many Earth Grade alchemists in the north region; he could count these people with his fingers alone. And to refine a thirteen stars Bone Forming Pill... only a high level Earth Grade alchemist could do it.

These people were even rarer, countable with a single palm, and each one of them was worshipped in the North Pill Pavilion as they were diligently attempting to reach the Heaven Grade; who would be so bored as to refine Bone Forming Pill?

Moreover, these three Bone Forming Pills were very fresh, still carrying the smell like they were fresh out of the furnace. Evidently, it couldn’t be a work of a high level Earth Grade Alchemy master in their early years.