Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 421: Thrashing a Dog

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Though there was quite a gap between Ling Han and the Rain Emperor in terms of cultivation, Ling Han’s status as an Earth Grade alchemist was enough to let the two of them stand on equal footing. Strictly speaking, an Earth Grade low level alchemist even had slightly higher status than a Flower Blossom Tier cultivator.

The two of them conversed for a while. When he found out that Ling Han was going to collect the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass, the Rain Emperor indicated that he would like to go with Ling Han and give him a helping hand.

Ling Han gladly accepted. After so many days, who knows how many people were already aiming for that Spiritual Herb? Though he believed that no one below Spiritual Infant Tier could obtain it successfully, there might be cultivators in the Flower Blossom Tier standing guard by the side. Who would seize it from him when they saw that he had succeeded? What was he going to do then?

The secret of the Black Tower was already known to some people, and Ling Han did not want to allow it to spread even wider. Thankfully, whether it was Rong Huan Xuan, Asura Demon Emperor, or Elder Nine Clouds, they all only thought that he had a Spirit Tool that could contain living things and did not know that it was the Black Tower, which was not as ordinary as merely being able to contain living creatures.

“It’s now even more difficult to see through this little girl!” The Rain Emperor turned to look at Hu Niu. In the past, he could still somehow manage to sense that the little girl had the cultivation of the Gushing Spring Tier, but now it was as if Hu Niu had turned into mist and looked very hazy to his eyes.

Hu Niu giggled in response. Since Ling Han treated the Rain Emperor politely, she would give him face as well. Otherwise, who would bother?

The three of them journeyed towards the location of the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass. It was located in the core area in the first place, so after only less than half a day, the three of them had arrived at their destination. However, they were not the only ones. Three other people were already here.

Yao Hui Yue, Tong Zhi Ming, as well as... Zhu Xuan’er!

These three obviously wanted to obtain the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass as well, yet were unable to do so. Though Zhu Xuan’er’s face could not be seen, it had to be filled with anxiety.

Sensing the approach of Ling Han and the others, Yao Hui Yue’s eyes swept over them and immediately lit up brilliantly, as if his gaze had transformed into uncountable sharp blades that shone with luster. An endless battle spirit gushed out from him. He stared fixatedly at the Rain Emperor. Weng, weng, weng . The long sword at his waist actually released humming sounds, as if it wanted to exit its sheath on its own.

The Rain Emperor was the same. A mighty aura spread out from him with multiple flashes of divine light surging around him, which transformed into multiple solid fists.

The two of them had already taken a “fancy” to each other in the great battle with the Demonic Ape, but afterwards, both had suffered heavy injuries and thus naturally went off to heal their wounds, as well as digest the battle comprehension they had obtained through this battle.

This was the second time they had met, and both were at their best condition. As a result, battle spirit instantly soared in both of them.

“Young man, you still dare to appear. Have you forgotten what Milord has said?” Tong Zhi Ming smirked coldly at Ling Han—in the past, Yao Hui Yue had declared that the next time he saw Ling Han, he was definitely going to take his life.

Ling Han glanced at him, and said, “Whose dog is this that only knows how to bark crazily all day and night? If the owner’s not going to take care of properly, I’m going to kill it!”

Yao Hui Yue withdrew his attention from the Rain Emperor and said calmly to Ling Han, “If you have the ability, then you can kill if you like!”

Tong Zhi Ming sneered. He was in the ninth layer of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier and his battle prowess was at least twelve Stars, so how could a young man in the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean compare to that?

Eh...? Pu! He was instantly astonished. The ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier? Not even three months had passed, but how had this guy leaped from the fifth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier all the way to the ninth?

This, this, this, this... Previously, he had praised Yao Hui Yue for being in the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier at seventeen years old, and this young man in front of him now... was in no way inferior!

Could it be that this would be the second coming of Yao Hui Yue?

However, so what if he was in the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier? There was still a gap of a complete Tier between the both of them, and that was a gulf that no amount of talent would be able to compensate for.

“See how I shall suppress you!” he shouted loudly. Since Yao Hui Yue had allowed him to act, he would naturally not have any more reservations.

Ling Han smiled calmly. He was able to deal even with Ding Yuan Xin who had fifteen Battle Stars, so what more Tong Zhi Ming, who only had twelve? Furthermore, he had already broken through to the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier now, so his battle prowess had naturally increased by another one or two Battle Stars.

However, he did not have the time to tangle with him. Anyways, he wanted to collect the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass, so he might as well just play his trump card directly.

“Small Tower!” he called out internally.

Hong , Small Tower instantly moved the Black Tower to begin the instillation of power. His aura began to spike madly.

The middle period, the late period, the peak period of the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier... he only paused momentarily before passing over the threshold smoothly and into the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. Then, it was the first layer, the second, the third, and soared crazily like this all the way, until his cultivation finally stalled at the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!

The Rain Emperor, Yao Hui Yue, Zhu Xuan’er, and Tong Zhi Ming all widened their eyes at the same time, completely incapable of believing what they saw happen with their very eyes.

“What kind of alchemical pill is this that would allow one’s cultivation to increase by a whole major Tier?” The Rain Emperor and Zhu Xuan’er knew that Ling Han was an Earth Grade alchemist, so it was not too strange for him to be capable of concocting an alchemical pill that could raise his cultivation level temporarily, but they had never heard of there being one that could grant one such a great increase.

Meanwhile, Tong Zhi Ming’s mouth twitched. Though he had not battled with Ling Han before, merely based on Yao Hui Yue’s judgement about Ling Han, he knew that the latter definitely had terrifying battle prowess. And now that the both of them had equal cultivation levels, how was he supposed to continue?

“For the sake of your master, I shall spare your life!” Ling Han waved his hand. A flash of Sword Qi appeared and shot forwards.

Tong Zhi Ming hurried to parry, but this flash of Sword Qi directly flung open his guarding arms; with a pu , it streamed past his neck, leaving behind a wound that instantly gushed out blood. His expression changed due to shock. This was obviously Ling Han being merciful. Otherwise, he was definitely capable of killing him in an instant.

Of course, if Ling Han really made the move to kill him, Yao Hui Yue would definitely not sit by and watch quietly and act to save him.

Yao Hui Yue looked contemplative. The current Ling Han was still much, much weaker than him, yet he still made his hands itch incomparably, wanting to challenge the former to a battle. However, wining against such a “weakling” was absolutely of no help to his formation of Sword Heart. Thus, he forcefully suppressed the urge.

Ling Han did not give him a second glance and directly walked towards the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass from the fiery area. He had taken a petal of the Golden Flower of the Stone, so need not fear the flames.

Zhu Xuan’er’s eyes lit up. Could it be that Ling Han was capable of collecting the Crimson Red Chilling Ice Grass? She instantly cast off her thoughts of stopping him—she was completely incapable of plucking this Spiritual Herb, but if it fell into Ling Han’s possession, then there was at least some hope.

Lign Han strode forwards. Weng , the Thunder Battle Armour activated and multiple flashes of lightning appeared and repelled all the flames. He now had the ability of the ninth layer of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, which was enough to activate the defense ability of the Thunder Battle Armor until the extent of the late period of the Flower Blossom Tier. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Yao Hui Yue, that kind of monster, obviously was only in the second layer of the Flower Blossom Tier, but had at least ten Battle Stars. However, battle prowess being ten Stars did not mean that defense was also ten Stars. The might of the flames would attack from all directions, so it was useless no matter how monstrous your battle prowess was—unless he could destroy this whole place with a wave of his sword.

Therefore, in this place, Yao Hui Yue’s resistance was at most comparable to a normal cultivator’s in the third or fourth layer of the Flower Blossom Tier. The maximum was the fifth layer; it was definitely no higher than that.

Ling Han quickly travelled half the distance, but as he continued to advance, his speed slowed down. Numerous holes appeared on the Thunder Battle Armor; the flames entered through these holes and battered Ling Han’s body. Instantly, a charred hole would appear.

However, Ling Han did not even wrinkle his brow, and merely continued to walk forwards.