Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 438: End of the Ranking Battles

Translator: DarkAngel_ Editor: Kurisu

In the seventh batch, the most attention-grabbing battle was of course the one between Hu Niu and Ao Xing Lai.

They had all witnessed the illogical destructive power that Hu Niu possessed. No matter how strong an elite of the Flower Blossom Tier was, they would be unable to stand against her teeth. However, destructive power was destructive power, and did not represent one’s battle prowess. They all wanted to see Hu Niu really fight.

She would undoubtedly become everyone’s strong rival.

Thankfully, the other monster, Ling Han, did not participate in the tournament. Otherwise, everyone would have another person to be wary of.

Ao Xing Lai was very, very displeased. How had he managed to draw a freak like Hu Niu as his opponent? But it had already happened, and an elite cultivator like him would naturally not cower. To make the impossible happen: that was the character of a real powerful cultivator.

He raised his sword to a level position, his expression serious.

His opponent was only a little girl, so he was naturally not going to spout any lines that fitted the situation. No matter how fantastic his speech was, it would only make the spectators break out into laughter.

“Niu’s super skill, Invincible Wind and Fire Wheels!” Hu Niu rushed forth, her arms moving rapidly in circular motions, looking as if they were two wheels that headed in Ao Xing Lai’s direction.

Ao Xing Lai was unafraid. He was at the complete advantage in terms of cultivation level, which also meant that he was at advantage in terms of power. This was the unbreakable reality of martial arts. His sword stabbed forth as seven flashes of Sword Qi surged, attacking Hu Niu from seven separate directions.

He similarly had confidence in his attack power. As long as one of his attacks hit her, Hu Niu was definitely going to be defeated.

...With a powerful Flower Blossom Tier cultivator on standby, it was not possible for fatalities to happen here.

Hy Niu used her high-speed motion technique, and with a flash, appeared behind Ao Xing Lai. Peng, peng, peng, peng, the “Invincible Wind and Fire Wheels” suddenly crashed onto his back. Peng, peng, peng, peng, one punch followed another.

The power of her fist measured up to twenty Stars of the Spiritual Ocean Tier of destructive power, and because Ao Xing Lai had not foreseen that she could move so quickly, he had used the the majority of his power in his initial stab, so the defences on his back were unimaginably weak. Instantly, the impact of the attack made him stumble a few steps ahead, as he continued to endlessly throw up blood.

No way!

All the spectators were dumbstruck by the scene they had witnessed; how could there be someone possessing such rapid speed? Such absolute speed plus a terrifying destructive power was the perfect combination! To deal with this kind of attack, one could only use an area attack that had absolutely no weaknesses at any angle to prevent Hu Niu from coming closer, or counter with an absolute killing strike when she was close enough.

Ao Xing Lai roared in fury and hurriedly used Origin Power to protect his back. Peng, peng, peng, peng. His martial intent was activated and formed multiple brilliant patterns, and he finally managed to steady himself. Twenty Stars of Spiritual Ocean of destructive power was still merely the Spiritual Ocean-level after all; it could not possibly cause too much damage to his Spiritual Pedestal Tier-level defences.

He turned around, intending to face Hu Niu, but how could he possibly be on par with Hu Niu’s speed? He turned and Hu Niu turned with him as if she was his shadow, sticking closely to his back.

Peng, peng, peng, peng. Ao Xing Lai could only be thrashed. He had the mighty power of a Spiritual Pedestal Tier cultivator, but could not use any of his power at all.

“Niu’s Heaven Wolf Claws!” When Hu Niu saw that her punches were ineffective, she switched to using claw attacks.

This time, even Ao Xing Lai’s defences were unable to stand up to her powerful attacks, and streams of blood sprayed from his back.

“Enough!” the referee declared, calling a halt to the battle.

This battle had exceeded everyone’s expectations, but was within logic.

Why had it been unexpected? Because the battle was so one-sided. No matter what, Ao Xing Lai had still been number seventy-eighth in the last tournament roll, yet he practically was completely unable to fight back at all.

However, Hu Niu was one that showed destructive power as high as twenty Stars of the Flower Blossom Tier, so it seemed as if the result of this battle was logical.

In the eighth batch, Liu Yu Tong, too, successfully won her battle. Until now, all four people from Ling Han’s party managed to successfully get a rank on the Prodigy Roll. This was definitely a miracle because even such great parties like the Beast Emperor Sect and the Winter Moon Sect would definitely have no more than two or three disciples that could enter the Prodigy Roll at the same time.

What was left now was to see how far these four could advance. Liu Yu Tong, Can Ye, and Zhu Wu Jiu most probably could only reach a rank beneath the top fifty, but as long as Hu Niu performed like usual, she definitely had the ability to make a bid for the first place.

The battles of the first day had ended, and all the new members of the Prodigy Roll were out. Furthermore, out of the fifty-six people left behind on the Roll, as many as seven people had been defeated and lost their place on the Roll, which meant that more than half of the people on the Roll were new faces. This was something that had rarely happened in the history of the Prodigy Roll.

On the second day, the ranking battles began.

Though Ling Han also went to watch, he did not care about it too much. This was only an empty name, and what was really important was to increase one’s power.

The battles were very intensive. Every person would have to fight in ten battles every day, which would continue for ten days. The result of each battle would affect the final ranking, so if one wanted to get a good rank on the Roll, every single battle was extremely important.

Liu Yu Tong, Zhu Wu Jiu and Can Ye were limited by their cultivation level after all, so they were definitely going to lose against an opponent in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, but they were more likely to win than lose against Spiritual Ocean Tier opponents. Only Hu Niu advanced fiercely ahead, but when she encountered Zhu Wu Jiu on the first day, she took the initiative to forfeit and gave the latter a win. On the fifth day, when she encountered Can Ye, she similarly threw the battle, and on the seventh day, when she was matched against Liu Yu Tong, she... did not.

These were the only two battles she had lost.

And on the rankings, the mysterious person, Yang Jun Hao displayed absolute power, suppressing senior opponents from the Prodigy Roll such as Lu Yang, Zhu Xuan’er, and Zuo Yu Da, and also crushed new stars like Hua Ying Han and Shi An Ping. At the moment, he had ninety-eight wins and zero losses, standing at the highest position of the first place.

Lu Yang, Zhu Xuan’er and the others were ranked after him as they all had ninety-six wins and two losses. They lost once against Yang Jun Hao, and the second loss was against Hu Niu.

Obviously, Yang Jun Hao had attained the first place on the Prodigy Roll ahead of time.

The last match was the much expected battle between Yang Jun Hao and Hu Niu. Unfortunately, the results of this battle would have no effect on the current rankings.

After the battle began, Hu Niu still managed to get the upper hand due to her superior speed, yet her claw attacks were unable to break through Yang Jun Hao’s defences. Furthermore, she did not want to bite him, either, disdaining him for being too dirty. Thus, she was not able to win in the end, and the final result of the battle was a tie.

As a result, Yang Jun Hao, with the superior result of ninety-eight wins and one tie, obtained the first place in this Prodigy Tournament. The second was Lu Yang—ninety seven wins, the third was Hu Niu—ninety six wins and one tie, the fourth was Zhu Xuan’er—ninety-six wins. From the fifth place until the tenth, they were Hua Ying Han, Zuo Yu Da, Shi An Ping, Shen Zhong Cheng, Shui Gu Cheng, and Ji De Rong, respectively. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Can Ye was forty-second and Liu Yu Tong was fifty-second, whereas Zhu Wi Jiu was seventy-ninth. Aside from them, Yue Kai Yu’s rank was very high. He managed to charge all the way to the twenty-second place. With the Return Spirit Pill to strengthen his foundations, he had indeed improved fiercely.

However, everyone felt that it was very unfair for Hu Niu to be ranked third. She had defeated the person in the second place. Moreover, in the battle against Yang Jun Hao, Hu Niu had not tried her best, because she had not used her bite which was her most powerful attack. Otherwise, it was guaranteed that even Yang Jun Hao would be forcoed to his knees.

But it was all right. After a year, the rankings on the Prodigy Roll would not be ranked this way, but rather would be ranked according to the actual battle results of the hundred people on the Prodigy Roll. It would take into account their Spirit Tools, luck, alchemical pills, and other variables.

Moreover, how old was Hu Niu? She was currently only six years old and could still occupy the Prodigy Roll for a whole twenty-four years! In the ninth layer of the Spiritual Ocean Tier, she was already so powerful, so when she entered the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, who would be able to stand against her?

When the battles for the Prodigy Tournament ended, another big piece of news suddenly arrived. The Twelve Heaven Mystery Realms were about to open, and the hundred people on the Prodigy Roll automatically gained the right to enter.

F***!

When Ling Han heard this piece of news, he immediately cursed.