Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 536: Unable to Withstand a Single Blow

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Hong , the pillar of blood soared skywards, and a terrible scene appeared. Multiple stars actually fell as if it was the end of the world!

Ling Han did not hesitate in the slightest and entered into the Black Tower at his first chance to dodge this calamity.

The stench of blood permeated and blocked the divine sense from extending outside the body, and affected visibility as well. As a result, Helian Xun Xue actually did not discover that Ling Han had disappeared at first, and still remained in the mine as she wanted to find Ling Han, subdue him and snatch away the Vial of Curses.

But it was only a mere instant. The ocean of blood soared skywards, its terrible might on full display.

Helian Xun Xue’s expression changed drastically. With her cultivation level, she was naturally able to clearly detect how terrifying this bloody water was. She hurriedly shot upwards. She was sure that Ling Han had long since teleported out. Otherwise, how could it be possible that a mere Flower Blossom Tier cultivator like him be able to withstand such terrifying might and power?

It was too late!

A blood-colored tsunami wave quickly formed. This time, the twelve undecayed corpses did not appear. However, the gigantic silver spider appeared, and a sacred, terrifying aura emanated from its mountain-sized body.

It was really too powerful. Before, Ling Han merely took one look at it, and it almost caused his soul to fly away and scatter and his physical body to burst even though he possessed a sliver of divine sense of the Heaven Tier, and furthermore, had already formed the Body of Iron Sheet—the toughness of his physical body was on par with precious metal of the same level.

Ling Han was already so, what more when it was another?

The army of Sea Race in the distance released terrible cries as their bodies exploded one after another. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The giant silver spider’s gaze swept over Helian Xun Xue, and this time, it did not simply shift its gaze like it was staring at a bug, but showed a hint of anger in its expression. A huge leg rose and pierced through the air towards Helian Xun Xue.

Even though Ling Han was hiding in the Black Tower, his expression changed drastically upon seeing this blow!

It was too powerful, so powerful that it could even shoot down the stars in the skies!

Helian Xun Xue was completely unable to dodge. With a pu , her slender body was already pierced through. The spider’s leg pierced through her body, and there were lingering traces of blood remaining on the spear-like silver limb.

Pu , Helian Xun Xue threw up blood, but an immeasurable divine light flickered around her body which, too, was sacred and elegant, and filled with an ancient air.

The giant silver spider actually revealed a very human expression. It abruptly withdrew its limb, its size shrinking swiftly, then transformed into a silver light that shot into the waves. Furthermore, the waters, too, began to swiftly subside, and very quickly, it had completely disappeared into the mine, as if the previous phenomenon had never happened.

...Except the army of the Sea Race had been turned into minced meat lying outside the mine, while Helian Xun Xue had had her body pierced through.

Ling Han exited the Black Tower, thinking that this place was really the perfect location to trap someone. Even a high-level Heaven Tier cultivator had practically been killed in an instant! And this had also allowed him to see the gap between the Heaven Tier and the Shattering Void Tier.

Unable to withstand even a single strike!

The higher one’s level in martial arts, the larger the power gap would be between different cultivation levels. Even someone as powerful as Helian Xun Xue was unable to fight back at all in the face of that giant silver spider.

He flew towards Helian Xun Xue, yet saw that the divine light that had surrounded this woman before had already disappeared and revealed her true face.

She really was a beauty, with a fine noise and cherry lips. She had long, shapely eyebrows and skin as fair and smooth as jade. However, her eyes were tightly closed. Otherwise, they would have definitely added some further radiance to the level of her beauty. And on her left shoulder, there was a bloody hole. At this moment, blood was currently gushing out; it was obviously where the silver spider had pierced her through.

Ling Han was astonished... Helian Xun Xue was actually not dead!

Though none of her vital spots had been hit, with the power of the giant silver spider, if one was pierced through, the attack would explode inside one’s body, and the destructive power of such a blow would be enough to destroy everything.

From the look of things, the giant silver spider had obviously been merciful.

Ling Han’s gaze swept over her, and instantly, his killing intent rose.

This woman was too dangerous. Moreover, she wanted the Vial of Curses in his possession, and would obviously not give up until she had gotten hold of it.

He definitely could not leave this future trouble alive!

Ling Han drew out the Demon Birth Sword. Having compassion for the fairer sex depended on the situation; to be soft-hearted to one’s enemy would be equivalent to be irresponsible for oneself, one’s family, and friends. He did not hesitate and struck out with a slash.

Weng!

A halo of light emanated from Helian Xun Xue’s body and transformed into a protective layer which blocked the attack of the Demon Birth Sword.

F***!

Ling Han sensed it slightly, and discovered that this halo of light originated from the necklace worn around Helian Xun Xue’s neck. To be more accurate, it should have come from the pendant hung on the necklace.

Previously, when the giant silver spider released a severe blow, this pendant shone too, and made the giant silver spider be merciful and not erase Helian Xun Xue. Now, it had managed to block Ling Han’s fatal attack.

From the look of things, this was an automatic defensive Spirit Tool. However, the giant silver spider was too powerful, so powerful that the Spirit Tool did not even have the time to activate. And in comparison, Ling Han was much too weak, which was why this Spirit Tool could so easily block his attack.

“Annoying!” Ling Han bared his teeth. At first, he had thought that he would be entirely worthy of being recognized as the strongest person in the north region. Who would have foreseen that he would be even more helpless than he was in the Desolate North? At least there, everyone would have to respectfully address him as Grandmaster Ling, but what about now? Did the identity of a Heaven Tier alchemist have any effect or influence on Helian Xun Xue or the giant silver spider?

He was dissatisfied, and threw out a few more strikes. He even made use of Sword Qi, but the defensive ability of that halo of light was really too strong. No matter what he did, it was absolutely useless.

Ling Han did everything he could think of, but it was still useless.

He had even wanted to draw her into the Black Tower. In that way, whether he killed her would no longer matter as it would be enough to supress this princess of the Sea Race for the rest of her life. However, that immeasurable divine light similarly stopped Ling Han’s divine sense from wrapping around her.

In short, even though Helian Xun Xue appeared to be in a coma at this moment, it was as if she had become a porcupine, which he couldn’t even touch.

He did not make any further move, and that pendant no longer shone. Helian Xun Xue’s bright as moonlight, beautiful face and long, slender body was revealed. Ling Han swept one look over her, and mumbled with much malice, “Flat chest!”

Actually, it was not really that flat, but in comparison with Liu Yu Tong, Li Si Chan, and Zhu Xuan Er, who were well-developed to a shocking level, she was naturally on a much more inferior level.

The shocking thing was that the wound on her left shoulder healed very quickly, and the blood had already stopped seeping out; the wound slowly began to scab over.

One had to know that this wound was created by a supreme creature, and the martial intent of the giant silver spider had been left behind in this wound. As long as this martial intent was still present, it would have been impossible for the wound to heal!

And how long could the martial intent of a Shattering Void Tier cultivator last? Millenia!

Helian Xun Xue should not have the ability to disperse the martial intent of the Shattering Void Tier. It should have been the giant silver spider—in the instant it withdrew its limb, it withdrew its martial intent as well. As a result, though Helian Xun Xue appeared to be wounded very severely, only a hole had been pierced through in her shoulder.

The reason she fell unconscious was because she, too, had suffered the barrage of the martial intent of a Shattering Void Tier cultivator. With her divine sense, she was definitely not able to withstand it.

This also meant... that she could possibly awaken at any moment!

F***, and he actually came so close to her?

Ling Han’s heart shivered. Since he was not able to kill this princess of the Sea Race, then his only option would be to flee, and let her just come to hunt him down in the middle state.

But it was too late!

Helian Xun Xue’s eyelids trembled lightly, and she opened her eyes.

What a beautiful woman!

She actually possessed a pair of sea-blue eyes, and matched with her jade-like fair skin, fine, straight nose and clear-cut features, she had the charm that belonged to one from a foreign land.

“Who are you?” She looked at Ling Han in confusion, then looked down at herself. “And who am I?”

She had lost her memory?