Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 549: Grandmaster Ling

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Tension thickened. All Five Dragons came from prestigious backgrounds. If it was a direct confrontation with the Spirit Treasures Pavilion, they would definitely not dare to do so, but if it was simply thrashing someone at the main entrance to the Pavilion, they believed that the Spirit Treasures Pavilion would not cling onto this fact and make things difficult.

They were confident that the Pavilion would at least give them this amount of allowance.

The Five Dragons had their attention closely focused on Ling Han, their eyes icy cold. This young man spoke to them with such insolence, and made them extremely displeased.

Ling Han placed his hands behind his back and said with a smile, “You want to make a move? Then you’d best consider carefully. Later, even if you kneel in front of me begging for mercy, it would have to depend on my mood.”

“Hahahaha!” The Five Dragons all sneered. Did this young man have absolutely no concept of how the word ‘death’ was written?

The observers all laughed loudly as well. They had seen many madly arrogant people, but it was the first time they had seen someone like Ling Han who was so arrogant when he had absolutely no basis to back up his confidence.

“How reckless!” Fei Zhang moved. They were the mighty Five Dragons, so naturally, they would not join forces and gang up on a single person.

However, to be able to qualify as one of the Five Dragons as an exception of the norm, his prowess was naturally extraordinary. One of his hands shot out. Tightly woven patterns appeared, then transformed into a divine light of gold, as if it was not a human arm, but the golden claw of a divine dragon.

Ling Han seemed to be stunned as he displayed absolutely no reaction at all.

Everyone else shook their heads. When they saw him act so high and mighty, they had initially thought that he might have some great prowess to back it up. But now, it actually seemed that he would not be able to withstand even a single blow.

The dragon claw approached, and a terrifying pressure rolled out. The skin of a lower level Flower Blossom Tier cultivator could even simply rip apart from the mere pressure.

Ling Han did not move a hand... no, he moved his foot. He shot a direct kick right into Fei Zhang’s face.

The timing of this kick was very meticulous as it actually just happened to avoid Fei Zhang’s attack. Furthermore, if Fei Zhang had taken Ling Han a bit more seriously, he would definitely not have delivered such a close-up attack, or at least, he would not have been so rash right from the very first strike. However, very unluckily, he was too careless, and thought it would be a very easy thing for him to strike Ling Han down. As a result, this kick was directly planted on his face.

How could an arm be longer than a leg? Thus, before Fei Zhang even got close to Ling Han, he was solidly kicked by Ling Han’s stretched out foot.

Fei Zhang gave a soft humph and quickly tilted his head, narrowly dodging this kick. He was, after all, one of the Five Dragons and one of the most skilled of the younger generation, so he could not possibly be that weak. He took multiple steps back, a burning ache on his face. He could not help but extend a hand to touch his face, and to his shock, he realized that there were actually traces of blood on his hand.

Though he had dodged Ling Han’s kick, it was as if the strong wind generated by the kick was as sharp as a blade. He did not cultivate Body of Iron Sheet, so how could he possibly get off lightly when the aftermath of an attack on the level of the Flower Blossom Tier rubbed against him?

Hiss!

Everyone could not help but inhale sharply. One of the Five Dragons, Fei Zhang, actually experienced a loss at a single strike. Though it was merely a scrape, and had absolutely no effect on his battle prowess, but amongst their age range, how many people were capable of injuring Fei Zhang?

Even if Fei Zhang had been careless, Ling Han’s individual skill would have to be strong enough to be able to successfully perform such a feat.

“I’ve really underestimated you!” Fei Zhang rubbed clean the remaining traces of blood on his face, his eyes slightly red. He felt true anger now.

Yet Ling Han said, “On the other hand, I did not underestimate you. You really do only have this little ability.”

F***, that was really too cocky!

Not only Fei Zhang was enraged, the other Four Dragons could not tolerate this, either. The Five Dragons were a whole group, and Fei Zhang being demeaned was equivalent to their own level being pulled down along with him. This naturally made them even more displeased and unhappy.

“Again!” Fei Zhang said coldly. He had learnt his lesson this time; he would not engage in a close-quarters combat with Ling Han again. Cultivators cultivated their own Qi, and that was truly their strongest weapon. How could he display the power of his Qi to its maximum capacity at close range?

“Grandmaster Ling!” It was at this moment that an exclamation was heard from the top of the staircase. Teng, teng, teng . A short, round fatty raced down the steps. This man was really too fat, so fat that one could barely even see his legs. Thus, everyone felt as if they were watching a meatball rolling down the stairs.

This undoubtedly would be a very hilarious sight, but not one person actually laughed, because this was a big shot of the Spirit Treasures Pavilion—his figure had a high grade and his status too was high grade.

The Seventh Pavilion Master, Ying Xue Yang.

The Spirit Treasures Pavilion of the middle state had a total of nine Pavilion Masters. These were really important characters, qualified to be on equal footing with the sect leaders and grand elders of the ancient great clans. Furthermore, all the nine pavilion masters were in the Heaven Tier!

Did the Spirit Treasures Pavilion not have a powerful Shattering Void Tier cultivator on hand? According to rumors, yes, but none have ever seen him before.

A high and mighty cultivator of the Heaven Tier would actually come forwards personally to receive a “Grandmaster Ling”; then what kind of existence would this Grandmaster Ling have to be?

An Earth Grade high level alchemist? No, no, no, an Earth Grade high level alchemist might not yet be qualified for such treatment, it would have to be... a Heaven Grade alchemist! But the problem here was, didn’t this world only have two Heaven Grade alchemists, and neither of them had the surname Ling?

Wait, wait, there was indeed a Heaven Grade alchemist by the surname of Ling, but that person was from the north region, and was rumored to have even obtained the inheritance of the Twelve Courts. Furthermore, he even found out the location of the depository of an immortal!

This Heaven Grade alchemist came here too? Where? Where?

Everyone turned here and there, hoping for a glimpse of this legendary person. Naturally, not one of them imagined that it could be Ling Han—he was too young, how could such a young man be any kind of Grandmaster?

The meatball rolled all the way down, and those in his way hurriedly stepped aside to avoid being run over. However, this meatball was rolling too fast, and there were some who did not manage to dodge in time. They were instantly sent flying as if they were mere scarecrows.

But Ying Xue Yang did not have the slightest inclination to stop. This was what being in the Heaven Tier meant; he could act as wilfully as he liked.

The Five Dragons all had a scare, and hurriedly stepped to the side of the path. They did not have the slightest qualification to challenge a Heaven Tier elite. Not just them; even if the highest-ranked person in their clans came, they would still have to be obedient and docile in front of Ying Xue Yang. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Thus, if they were really sent flying, they could only bear with it like a bout of bad luck.

Yet Ling Han made no move to dodge or hide.

Hiss, who did this brat think he was? If he was really trampled to death by a Heaven Tier cultivator, he would have died for nothing. Who asked him to be so blind?

The meatball’s speed was too fast, and in an instant, he was already near Ling Han.

Everyone shook their heads. It was obvious that Ling Han, too, would be sent flying like his predecessors.

But it was at this very moment that the meatball— no, Ying Xue Yang suddenly stepped on brakes and stopped directly in front of Ling Han. A smile appeared on his round face. Because he was really too fat, his neck could not be seen at all. It was as if there was a small ball perched on top of a large ball, making for an incredibly funny sight.

Yet not one person dared to laugh. To laugh at the appearance of a Heaven Tier cultivator right in his face, that was really a move to make when one was tired of living.

Yet Ling Han broke out into loud laughter. With every laugh, the cheek muscles of the spectators involuntarily twitched as they felt a cold feeling rise up from their hearts. Hopefully, Ying Xue Yang would not sink into a mad rage later on. If a Heaven Tier cultivator was in a rage, then a massacre would be inevitable.

Unexpectedly, Ying Xue Yang also began too laugh, and from the looks of it, he seemed to be quite pleased.

“Grandmaster Ling, you’ve honored us with your presence. Apologies for not coming out to meet you, please forgive the offense!” Ying Xue Yang bowed.

F***!

A strong feeling of dizziness swept over all the spectators. A high and mighty Heaven Tier elite actually bowed in front of a mere Flower Blossom Tier cultivator; had their vision blurred or something?

In addition... Grandmaster Ling, this guy was Ling Han?

The expressions of the Five Dragons instantly became unimaginably ugly.