Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 558: The Thousand Corpse Sect Assaults

Translator: Reverie_ Editor: Kurisu

Even though there were only four weapons attacking simultaenously, this was still very terrifying. The shield formed by the great city-guarding formation could only block two attacks before shattering. The consumption of Origin Crystals became an astronomical figure.

Even if the Spirit Treasures Pavilion and the Alchemist Society were very wealthy, they could only endure a month of such expenditure.

One month later, what would they do?

The tenth day came.

“Someone’s here!”

“At the east side of the city!”

The news spread, and everyone came to the east side of the city like a swarm of bees. They ascended onto the city walls and saw ten young males and females standing outisde the city. Behind them was a crooked old man, whose eyebrows were all white.

“Who are you people?”

“Why trap us in here?”

“What exactly do you guys plan on doing?”

Everyone shouted one after another. The eleven people didn’t seem to have come here mistakenly no matter how it looked.

Yin Xue Yang also came to the city’s edge, and as he looked at the old man at the bottom, his expression turned stern.

He couldn’t see through him.

This person was definitely in the Heaven Tier, and his cultivation wasn’t below his.

The eleven people in the distance were indifferent; they had no intention of replying, appearing quite arrogant.

“May I ask how we might have committed an offense, making you guys open such a killing formation to trap us?” Yin Xue Yang asked.

This was a Heaven Tier elite!

The old man finally said, “In Million Treasures City, there’s something that my sect must obtain, but we don’t know where it is. Finding it will inevitably alert people, so might as well besiege this place and kill everyone. Then, there wouldn’t be anyone in the way.”

It was actually for such a reason? Because they feared others might get in their way, they had set up a killing formation to completely slaughter a city. Could they be more deranged and perverse?

After everyone heard, they instnatly hurled all kinds of abuse.

However, some people thought that to make such a force unsparing in unleashing the Fourth Killing Formation to besiege an important place like Million Treasures City, the thing they sought had to be quite precious, no?

For this force to do so, it was equivalent to making all the vast lands its enemy!

It wasn’t like the eight Pavilion Masters of the Spirit Treasures Pavilion and the Two Heaven Grade alchemists of the Alchemist Society would never return—would they let the matter go after they found out? Only in terms of size, the combination of Spirit Treasures Pavilion and Alchemist Society was probably the most powerful existence in the vast lands, right?

To gravely offend such forces just like that, it was enough to prove just how precious that thing was.

“Oh, what is it? Why don’t you guys let us find it, and remove the Fourth Killing Formation in return?” Yin Xue Yang said, smiling. Although he was a great expert, the blood of a merchant flowed within him, so it was naturally a habit to bargain.

“Hehe, no need to bother. We still hope to acquire it by ourselves. Moreover, our sect likes this place quite a lot, and plan on turning this place into our sect’s main base,” the white-browed old man said.

“Oh, may I ask what this lord is called, and what your dear sect is called?” Yin Xue Yang asked.

The white-browed old man revealed a frightening smile, and said, “This old man is surnamed Bai 1 , with a one character name, Yuan 2 . As for our sect... hehehe, you guys should’ve heard of it to some extent.”

“Oh, then why not say it and let everyone admire a little?” Yin Xue Yang shot back.

“No need to say, see for yourselves!” Bai Yuan laughed grimly, and waved his right hand. Hong, long, long, a strange voice sounded as seven caskets suddenly slid out from the black mist as if they had legs, sliding all the way to his legs before stopping.

“The Thousand Corpse Sect!” Instantly, many people cried out at once.

” Gagaga 3

, this sect will use Million Treasures City to tell the entire world that the Thousand Corpse Sect... is back again!” Bai Yuan laughed loudly.

Hearing his arrogant laughter, the people at the top of the city walls said nothing, feeling only an extremely oppressive atmosphere.

The Thousand Corpse Sect came back so brazenly, and was going to destroy Million Treasures City, while they were the ones who were going to be used for ceremonial sacrifice.

Ling Han shook his head inwardly. If the Thousand Corpse Sect chose Million Treasures City as the location for their gates of revival, then the Fourth Killing Formation would never be withdrawn; it would be Thousand Corpse Sect’s great mountain-guarding formation!

The ten killing formations all had one thing in common. The killing formations formed by heaven and earth didn’t need Origin Crystals to maintain—the formation but needed to be set up. The power of heaven and earth would naturally pour in, forming a terrifying murderous calamity. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Used as a sect-guarding formation, it would truly be the world’s finest.

“Don’t say that I didn’t give you guys a chance to live.” Bai Yuan laughed eerily. “These ten people are the sect master’s ten direct disciples. Now, they’re here to choose followers, and those picked by the ten masters can live on.”

The ten young males and females were all lofty. What was surprising was that they clearly didn’t have any fluctuations of Corpse Qi on their bodies—unlike Bai Yuan, whose figure was crooked and bound by Corpse Qi.

A youngster in a green gown said, “Amongst those in the same age level, whoever can block ten of my moves will qualify to be my follower.”

“Haha, Seventh Junior Brother actually said to have them block ten moves. Could you have slacked off recently, falling behind in progression?” a youngster in purple clothing said, smiling. “Whoever can block five of my moves can become my follower.”

He obviously thought himself stronger in that there weren’t many who could block five of his moves.

These youngsters were certainly strong. All of them were in the Flower Blossom Tier; a few were even in the high stage of the Fower Blossom Tier, no weaker than Xuanyuan Zi Guang.

“Hmph, rats scampering across the street dare to be so arrogant. Let me test you guys out!” Jia Zhang already jumped down the city gates, and said loftily, “I’m not here to be your follower. Just that you guys are unpleasant to the eye, so I’m finding one to slaughter. Who wants to die?”

“Alright!” On top of the city, many people instantly cheered.

The Thousand Corpse Sect trapped them with a killing formation, not only conspiring to take their lives, but also humiliating them. This obiously made many people’s blood boil with indignation, simply wanting a grand battle. However, some people had other ideas because the current circumstances clearly favored the Thousand Corpse Sect—a fine bird chose a good tree to nestle in.

“Just a second layer of the Flower Blossom Tier, who’ll go?” The ten disciples of the Thousand Corpse Sect looked at each other, and finally looked at the youngster that’d just turned twenty. “Seventeenth Junior Brother, your tier is the lowest, so this one’ll be up to you.”

That youngster seemed somewhat shy, and walked out among everyone’s jostles, facing against Jia Zhang.

“Die!” Jia Zhang immediately attacked, reaching out with his right hand and turning it into a golden dragon claw that pressed towards the youngster. Hong , the dragon claw grew with the wind and turned into a terrifying three-meter-long being. Vein-like patterns shone and drew in heaven and earths’ Spiritual Qi. The claw enlarged once again, reaching nine hundred meters.

Hong , the dragon claw pressed down as if a real dragon was truly drawn out to suppress the world.

“You have some strength.” That youngster nodded, and reached out to counterattack.

As he reached out, the Thousand Corpse Sect’s special characteristic was immediately displayed as a black-colored evil Qi swirled and turned into a frightening skeleton, opening its mouth to bite at the dragon claw.

Hong!