Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 634: Music of the Qin

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Peng!

Twenty-six treasured sabers exploded at the same time, and instantly became a blinding light in the skies. The terrifying power of the explosion descended, and peng, peng, peng, this side courtyard of the Wang Clan was instantly reduced to rubble.

So what if they were in the Flower Blossom Tier? Faced with the shock wave, they were all spitting up mouthfuls of blood, and Spiritual Pedestal Tier cultivators were even worse off. In the best case scenario, some were completely covered with blood, whereas those who came off worse had their bones broken and ligaments torn.

Being equivalent to twenty-six high level Spiritual Infant Tier elite cultivators sacrificing their lives in a full-out attack, the power of this strike was naturally very terrifying.

Zhu Xuan Er was still all right as she had three Spiritual Infant Tier cultivators, who were more than enough to nullify all the power of this shock wave, by her side. Hu Niu was even more special; with a wave of her tiny hands, she had sliced apart the shock wave, which split into two halves which passed on either side of her, and did not manage to hurt a single hair on her head.

Very far away, Ling Han appeared. His face was pale, and he could not help but spit out a mouthful of blood. However, a pleased expression appeared on his face. The Heaven Transformation Bowl had taken in ten treasured sabers, and by this time, had completely refined all of them, and they had now become a pool of liquid metal.

He poured the liquid out, and it rapidly solidified to become a block of metal. He weighed it in his hand; it was about fifty kilograms in weight. However, compared with the total weight of the ten treasured sabers, it had at least been lightened by a hundred times.

This was the use of the Heaven Transformation Bowl—purification!

They had been Level Seven treasured sabers previously, and now that they had been purified, they should reach Level Eight. However, as this block of metal had become a mixture of various metals, not even Ling Han was sure what he should call this metal anymore.

Never mind, it was still a Level Eight precious metal in any case, so he would be able to forge a considerable number of arrows from it again.

He circulated the Indestructible Heaven Scroll, and the injuries on his body were immediately erased. He smiled faintly, and said, “Wealth-delivering boy, do you have any other treasures to gift to your grandfather?”

Xuanyuan Zi Guang was thrown into a flying rage. How could he have wanted to gift treasures to Ling Han? He had just not thought that Ling Han would have been able to draw out a strange stone bowl, which was able to easily break through his Saber Array. He had made the sabers self-destruct purely because he would rather destroy them rather than gift them to Ling Han.

But even in doing so, he was not able to inflict a serious wound on Ling Han, which caused him to feel strong dejection.

Ling Han decided not to kill off Xuanyuan Zi Guang. This man had luck in defiance of the natural order; merely going outdoors, there would be treasures crashing down right in front of him. Thus, Ling Han would just let treasures continue crashing down on him so that he’d be able to once egain loot him. This was akin to planting garlic chives; if he pulled out even the roots, he would only be able to harvest once. However, if he left the roots behind, he’d be able to harvest again and again.

... If only Xuanyuan Zi Guang knew of Ling Han’s thoughts. It was a wonder how he would feel then.

Wang Yi Yun looked at the whole area of destruction, and though a slight smile was still on her beautiful face, there was an additional flash of killing intent in her eyes. A grand, proper banquet was ruined just like that by Ling Han and Xuanyuan Zi Guang. However, Xuanyuan Zi Guang was one of her own, so if she wanted anyone to hate, she could only hate Ling Han.

“Brother Ling, I’ve already said as such just now. If you will not recognize my Senior Brother Disciple as the Alliance Leader, then Yi Yun shall battle you in place of my Senior Brother Disciple.” With a wave of her silky sleeve, her manner was refined and elegant, just as if she was a deity.

Ling Han glanced at her, then smiled, and said, “Do you, too, plan to make a gamble with me?”

“That stone bowl.” Wang Yi Yun pointed with a slender finger. “If I win, you will give that stone bowl to me.”

Ling Han pondered for a moment, then said, “All right, then if you lose, you must accept my brother’s marriage proposal.” He pointed at Mu Rong Qing.

“Pei, I don’t want to marry this ugly girl.” Mu Rong Qing jumped up in anger. “Don’t keep putting me on the spot!”

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, “Ai, there’s nothing to be done. My brother does not like you, so just offer some kind of precious metal or Spirit Herb as a stake.”

“How dare you!” quite a number of young men shouted in rage. Ling Han actually dared to desecrate their goddess.

Wang Yi Yun, on the other hand, was extremely calm, and casually tossed out a Spirit Herb, and said, “This is Danyang Phoenix Cry Grass. Amongst Seventh Tier Spirit Herbs, it can still be considered something of high quality. Would this be enough?”

“Just passable.” Ling Han nodded. Putting aside Level Seven Spirit Herbs, not even Tenth Tier Divine Herbs could compare to the Heaven Transformation Bowl, but he had full confidence he would win, so it would be fine even if he would earn less from this wager.

Wang Yi Yun continued, “However, since that stone bowl is your stake, I would like Brother Ling to put it to a side. Yi Yun is worried that if Brother Ling loses, you would not admit your defeat.”

This woman... was very shrewd!

For Ling Han, the stone bowl was a very powerful Spirit Tool. In the face of Xuanyuan Zi Guang’s terrifyingly powerful Saber Array, he could still shatter it, but now, with a mere few words from Wang Yi Yun, this item could not be used.

She indeed had an artful thought, as well as meticulous thoughts.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and casually tossed the stone bowl to one side. Then, he said, “You are very smart, but be careful: do not go for wool and come home shorn.”

Wang Yi Yun smiled slightly, and with a wave of her hands, a qin appeared in front of her. It looked to be extremely ancient, and there was a great number of armored warriors engraved on it. They were currently shown to be fighting a bloody battle, which was slightly misfitting.

She sat in mid air, her figure slowly rising, and said, “Please listen to a song from me, Brother Ling.”

Weng!

With a move of her hands, the sound of the qin immediately surged out in waves. It was gentle and melodious as if the sound of nature.

Everyone looked captivated and dazzled. Wang Yi Yun possessed outstanding beauty, and coupled with her extraordinary skills with the qin, she indeed had the charm to enchant countless people.

The sound of the qin spread out, and slight confusion appeared in Ling Han’s eyes. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

She wanted to disturb his heart?

A cold smirk immediately appeared on Ling Han’s face. She was really too naïve; he was one who possessed a sliver of divine sense of Heaven Tier, and she, a mere Spiritual Infant Tier cultivator, wanted to enchant him?

Qiang!

The sound of the qin suddenly changed from its previous gentle, beautiful state to a harsh tone as if there was an ambush around every corner, and war was on the verge of breaking out.

Weng, weng, weng. Those fully armoured warriors on the body of the qin shone respectively, and as the music of the qin rose and fell, they actually walked out, and stood one by one in midair. There was a total of 81, and each one of them had the might of a high-level Spiritual Infant Tier cultivator.

This qin was actually a Spirit Tool as well, and could summon 81 Spiritual Infant Tier elite cultivators. What a shock.

No wonder Wang Yi Yun devised a scheme for Ling Han to set the Heaven Transformation Bowl to a side; she feared that her treasured qin would be suppressed by the Heaven Transformation Bow.

Now, with the appearance of 81 high-level Spiritual Infant Tier cultivators, how was he supposed to block them? One had to know that they were mere summons of a Spirit Tool, so they held no fear of death or injury, and could be claimed to be similar to the likes of Corpse Soldiers as they were the most loyal of deadly soldiers.

These warriors were attired in extremely sturdy full armor, and wielded various weapons in their hands. Multiple patterns shone, and without the slightest hesitation, they charged towards Ling Han in attack.

Everyone felt as if they were about to suffocate. Previously, there were only 36 treasured sabers, but now, there were 81 Spiritual Infant Tier warriors, which was even more impossible to stand against!

Ling Han, on the other hand, was not afraid. Xuanyuan Zi Guang, in a single breath, drew out a total of 36 Level Seven Spirit Tools, and these 81 Spiritual Infant Tier warriors in front of him now were merely birthed by a single treasure, so their might could not be compared to the former.

He drew the Demon Birth Sword directly; wasn’t it just a competition of Spirit Tools? Who would cower?

Weng, the patterns on the Demon Birth Sword lit up: one, two, three!

There was one more.

Don’t look down on it for simply having one additional pattern lit up. This was a Level Ten Spirit Tool, so how could just having one additional pattern light up grant too little power?

Immediately, an endless aura of might spread out. Ling Han stood with a sword in hand as if he was a great Demon King, exuding an extremely terrifying aura, which completely suppressed all 81 Spiritual Infant Tier warriors.