Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 640: Yao Hui Yue Comes to Aid

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

This was really inconceivable; he was merely in the Flower Blossom Tier, yet already possessed the battle prowess of the Deity Transformation Tier.

Although that was only equivalent to having one Star of the Deity Transformation Tier.

Still, the effects of the alchemical pill were rapidly weakening. Previously, when Ling Han had taken the first Five Revolution Black Jade Pill, he had gained a power upgrade of ten Battle Stars, and though his power upgrade had only decreased by a single Star now, it was still indeed on the decline.

There was nothing that could be done about it. All alchemical pills would have an immunity level, and the higher grade the alchemical pill, the higher the immunity level would be. Now, he could still increase his battle prowess by nine Stars, and next time, it would drop down to eight Stars, followed by seven Stars, six Stars, five Stars, and, finally, there would be no effects at all.

Just like when one ate a thousand-year ginseng to extend one’s lifespan—the first stalk could add another thirty years of life, but the effects of the second one would be halved, and the third one would be once again halved.

With a long whistle, Ling Han brandished his sword in a slash; he had finally gotten the qualification to stand against Small Saber King.

Still, there was still quite a big gap between the two of them. Five Stars against one Star; that was an absolute domination.

Thankfully, there was still the Rain Emperor and Mu Rong Qing impeding from the side. Although their respective battle prowess was far from the Deity Transformation Tier, they were still geniuses, after all. One had already formed Ray, whereas the other had formed twenty-nine flashes of Qi, and not even Small Saber King dared take on their attacks carelessly.

Ling Han became the main attacker, and naturally was too busy to retreat to a farther distance so that he could pose a threat to the Small Saber King. The might of archery could only be displayed with adequate distance, and in a close-up battle, there was practically no space for archery to be used.

However, the flash of lightning was wrapped all over his entire body. This was a great Mystical Power from the ancient era. The power of lightning was extremely terrifying, and after being attacked, not only would one experience a numbness in limbs, there would even be a stagnation in Origin Power, which greatly decreased Small Saber King’s battle prowess.

This caused Small Saber King to be enraged, and have even more thoughts about the Thunderclap Ninth Heaven. If he could learn this Mystical Power, it would be enough to raise his battle prowess by another five Stars... no, ten!

Just think about it. He was only at the peak of the Spiritual Infant Tier, yet would be capable of killing an elite cultivator in the ninth layer of the Deity Transformation Tier. How shocking would that be? Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

His killing intent blazed, and he slashed forth with his saber, endlessly striking blows at Ling Han.

Ling Han used the Demon Fairy Steps. He was the main attacker, but was not so stupid that he would take on Small Saber King on directly with his strength. There was still quite a large gap between the two of them, and he completely did not have the qualification to take on the latter in a face-to-face confrontation.

Small Saber King displayed a bearing of invincibility. Alone, he was battling against three super geniuses, and not only was he not on the losing side, he actually completely gained the upper hand. He could only be described with the word ‘terrifying’.

All around them, the dozen thousands of people all watched in astonishment. They were shocked by how powerful these four people were.

Small Saber King was strong, but Ling Han and his brothers were not weak, either. After all, there was a gap in cultivation level. Otherwise, if all of them were fighting with the same cultivation level, it really would be undecided who would win or lose.

Xiu, but it was at this moment, that another figure appeared, and charged at them with a sword in hand.

Who was this again?

A slash swept out, and twenty-nine flashes of Sword Qi danced!

Everyone was dumbfounded. What was wrong with this world? Forming ten flashes of Qi would qualify one to condense his Qi to form Ray and call himself a ruler amongst rulers, and there were very few that managed to form eleven or twelve flashes of Qi. But now, people that had formed twenty-nine flashes of Qi appeared in quick succession, and it seemed like they were very commonplace nowadays.

This attack was aimed at Small Saber King.

“Yao Hui Yue!” Small Saber King roared furiously. He struck out with his saber at the Sword Qi, and peng, the Sword Qi was instantly shattered, but he was also now too busy to attack Ling Han.

The Number Two Sword of the world, Yao Hui Yue!

Who would have thought that this person that had suddenly made a move would actually be Yao Hui Yue?

Even Ling Han was slightly stunned. There did not seem to be much friendly relations between himself and Yao Hui Yue, so why did the latter act like he was a very close friend of his now?

“This man is my rival, and can only be killed with my hand!” Yao Hui Yue stood with sword in hand. As the mountain breeze blew, the corner of his robes floated, and he looked like a deity descended.

The Small Saber King was enraged. This was his f****** reason? He looked at Yao Hui Yue darkly, and said, “You are still unskilled; even if there were ten of you, you would be no match for me.”

Yet Yao Hui Yue did not take his words to heart at all, and said, “You have only cultivated a few more years than I. If we battled on the same cultivation level, or at the same age, it would be a piece of cake for me to defeat you. Small Saber King, I have never taken you seriously. The greatest genius of the Absolute Saber Sect is Xu Xiu Ran, and only he is qualified to become my rival.”

The Small Saber King could not help but look angry. This was undisguised looking down on him. His saber shook, and he said, “Yao Hui Yue, do you want to die?”

“Do you have that ability to kill me?” Yao Hui Yue stepped forward with his sword in hand, and joined forces with Ling Han against Small Saber King.

He, too, had advanced into the Spiritual Infant Tier, but was only at the third layer of the Spiritual Infant Tier. Still, his battle prowess was terrifyingly high and extremely shocking. The treasured sword he wielded was also a high-level Spirit Tool, and as he slashed out with 10,000 Techniques Return to One, which had shocking destructive power, even Small Saber King had to face him with utmost seriousness.

Naturally, Yao Hui Yue had also condensed pseudo-Ray. He had not yet breached the huge barrier that was thirty flashes of Qi, and thus, did not choose to form Point. Otherwise, if he chose to use 10,000 Techniques Return to One at that time, this destructive power would be even more astonishing.

Ling Han sighed internally. He, too, knew the Mysterious Three Thousand technique; unfortunately, after he came to the middle state, he did not dare to use it much anymore. Only when it was a matter of life or death would he actually use it.

However, he was now the main attacker, and blocked Small Saber King’s direct attacks, and Yao Hui Yue, the Rain Emperor, and Mu Rong Qing were able to calmly unleash their full battle prowess, which naturally posed a great threat to Small Saber King.

Merely looking at the circumstances, Ling Han and the others were naturally still in a crisis, just as if they were walking on a tight rope. However, Small Saber King did not appear to have his victory assured, either, because he only needed to be slightly careless, and it was possible that lose the whole game, and be destroyed by Yao Hui Yue and the other two.

Especially Yao Hui Yue; the might of 10,000 Techniques Return to One was really too powerful.

“Damn it!” Small Saber King roared in rage, yet abruptly turned around and left. With these four great prodigies joining forces, even if he was at an absolute advantage in terms of cultivation level, he could do nothing else to them. It would be meaningless to continue the battle.

He could meet his gains or losses bravely, and so left at once. He would not believe that there would always be so many geniuses following by Ling Han’s side.

Damn it; he had not brought the Diamond Puppet with him. If not, with the aid of a puppet on the level of the Deity Transformation Tier, it would be a piece of cake to totally annihilate these four men.

Ling Han put away his sword, then looked at Yao Hui Yue, and said with a smile, “Yao Hui Yue, I really had not thought that you would step out.”

“Heng, I was not helping you. I merely did not like how Small Saber King was taking unfair advantage with his superior strength. Furthermore, I should be the one to end your life, and this was something that I had said long ago!” Yao Hui Yue said coldly.

“Hahahaha, I am much obliged!” Ling Han clapped a hand on Yao Hui Yue’s shoulder, and felt that this guy was actually quite interesting.

“Don’t act so familiar with me, I am not your friend!” Yao Hui Yue declared coldly.

“It’s fine even if we’re not friends. Come, let us drink some wine,” Ling Han said, smiling, and forcefully pulled Yao Hui Yue down to sit.

“Xuan Er...” Yao Hui Yue did not refuse too firmly. He dropped onto the ground, and immediately looked towards Zhu Xuan Er. Yet when he saw her face, he could not help but look extremely astonished.

Who was this woman!?

Zhu Xuan Er merely smiled reservedly, and maintained an appropriate distance.

Yao Hui Yue was stunned. Judging by her figure, this was definitely Zhu Xuan Er; also, when he called her name, she had responded.

This was really Zhu Xuan Er? This was definitely not his Zhu Xuan Er!