Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 721: Changes According to Will

Translator: Henyee Editor: Henyee

In Ling Han’s mind, he unceasingly comprehended new concepts, which made him unable to contain his joy.

He was definitely an extremely intelligent person. Being able to become the Alchemy Emperor in his past life was a clear proof of this. Furthermore, this was without any predecessor’s guidance. Yet, he’d still managed to accomplish such a feat in alchemy. Wasn’t that amazing?

Now, he had focused his intelligence on unraveling martial arts, and dedicated his entire being to reaching the pinnacle of martial arts.

Overwhelming changes were happening within his body; all were to be both strong and flexible at the same time. He had both strength and gentleness. This matter might seem easy in theory, but to actually accomplish it was too difficult! Really too difficult!

As everyone was used to their current state, it was difficult to break the habit. Further, to allow the body to stretch like the Blood Sucking Origin Gold and possess such elasticity was a qualitative change.

Breaking through your limits and reinventing yourself. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Within his Dantian, the small being that was Ling Han’s Spiritual Infant was keeping watch, its expression serious as it formed multiple mysterious-looking signs. The Indestructible Heaven Scroll had long since been branded upon it, and now the Spiritual Infant was currently unravelling a mysterious technique and harmonizing from within, it thereby boosted the change in Ling Han.

It wasn’t clear how much time had passed when Ling Han stretched out the index finger of his right hand. With his left hand, he grabbed his right index finger and yanked it hard.

Previously, if he had pulled with his full strength as what he had done now, he would have definitely stretched out the whole of his right arm. Yet now, a strange thing had happened. His finger actually elongated and thinned, dispersing the force with which he pulled by half.

However, once the index finger lengthened up to around 30 cm in length, it could no longer be stretched. This was the limit.

Ling Han could not help but smile. He had succeeded, he had finally succeeded!

Although he was still far from reaching the level of Blood Sucking Origin Gold in changing form, this was still an improvement. This was a great progress.

Again, again.

Ling Han did not just stay sitting. He was constantly waving his arms and kicking with his feet. Everything was normal at first, but the distance his striking fists and kicking feet could reach was slowly increasing further and further.

It was his body that was stretching!

Ling Han’s gaze lit up. This wasn’t simply just dispersing force. Rather, this could give rise to the formation of a completely different battle tactics.

Others might have thought that your fists could only reach so far to be able to shoot out Origin Power. Yet, in actual fact, the distance at which you could strike was dozens of times the distance. Naturally, it would be difficult for others to defend themselves against this skill.

Moreover, if his fists and feet could be stretched endlessly, wouldn’t he be able to turn any battle into one fought at close quarters? One had to know that he had cultivated body arts, so his body was comparable to that of precious metal on a level higher than his own, and his brute strength was also quite terrifying. With the addition of these two factors, who could be able to fight on par with him in close quarters?

However, Ling Han immediately discovered the limitations. Without the stimulus of external force, he was able to extend his body only up to a limited distance. This was similar to a spring. In theory, it could be pulled longer and longer, but this had to be caused by an external force. When the external force disappeared, it would be restored to its original state—unless it was broken.

The original state of Ling Han’s body was the most stable. Therefore, no matter what changes his body had undergone, it would instinctively try to return to this state.

Too bad.

Ling Han shook his head internally. If he could control his body to change forms like the Blood Sucking Origin Gold, then he could invent a completely different set of battle tactics, being able to stun anyone with a killing strike.

He shouldn’t ask for too much.

Ling Han smiled. Now, he had become slightly accomplished.

He would go and battle that Array Sword again.

Ling Han came out of the Black Tower. Fortunately, the Array Sword did not recover and try to kill him. Otherwise, he would have been doomed.

“Come, come, come. Let’s fight again.” He laughed and took the initiative to rush over.

Xiu, xiu, xiu , seven flashes of light shot out from the sword and sliced towards him.

Ling Han gave a humph as his body continued to move forward. He did not even use the Demon Fairy Step anymore, allowing the seven flashes of light to hit him. Now, he was going to use this sword to sharpen the “soft” side of the Indestructible Heaven Scroll.

Pu, pu, pu , in this way, the seven flashes of light naturally sliced towards him head on. The clothes on Ling Han’s chest were torn open as the sword flashes slashed at him. Ling Han’s chest actually stretched back visibly by three meters, six meters, even 15 meters!

And at this time, the power of the seven sword flashes was finally exhausted.Peng . Ling Han’s chest bounced back. His face was slightly pale. Practicing on his own was one thing, but to do it to such an extent on his first real attempt was something that made him feel it was slightly unbearable.

Three bones have been broken and internal organs have also sustained slight injury,he thought. After all, this was an attack from the Array Sword, which could sever even a Deity Transformation cultivator in half. Yet, he had taken it head on. How could it be possible that he wouldn’t have to pay the slightest price for this?

However, what made Ling Han happy was that this time he hadn’t been forced to retreat even in the least bit. He had turned his body into countless combinations of particles. The impact of the sword flashes had all been directed to the upper body to be dispersed. Hence, the lower body naturally did not move.

It could be done!

He had a strong confidence that he would be able to conquer this treasured sword.

Again.

The Indestructible Heaven Scroll circulated within his body. The Body of Diamond was claimed to be unbreakable. Even if it had received serious damage, it could automatically heal. It was only just a while, yet his broken bones had already fused back together as if he had never been injured at all.

He kept on attacking, but human power was limited, after all. After he had endured too many strikes of sword flashes, he couldn’t help but fall back. Otherwise, he would really be cut into two.

The smile playing about the corner of Ling Han’s lips was getting wider and wider. His understanding of “softness” was getting deeper and deeper. There was improvement with every strike sustained, and the injuries which he had to bear were also getting lighter and lighter.

He had learnt to use his body’s many particles to disperse the force which he had to sustain—so much so that he wasn’t just pulling it vertically, but also being able to expand horizontally.

Before, he had just turned himself into a spring. Now? It was a dough that could not only spread in one, but in every direction.

Hence, when his chest was again struck by a sword flash, it was visible that his entire chest was expanding like the surface of water as it it was paper, becoming incredibly thin. However, in this way, the attack which he had absorbed was reduced by at least 90%.

At this time, the hard side had also exhibited its formidable power. Trying to hurt his body with only one-tenth of the power?

Pa , his body bounced back and returned to its original state.

Ling Han’s face was slightly pale. This time, he really wasn’t injured. However, the previous state was not his normal form, so it had brought him much strain.

The transformation could not be maintained for too long. Otherwise, it would also collapse.

Or so he thought, and immediately laughed in spite of himself. If he could stretch up endlessly, then wouldn’t he be able to effortlessly absorb the attacks on the level of the Shattering Void Tier?

Human power was at times exhaustive; this was in line with the Dao of the world.

He shook his head, his eyes fixed on the Array Sword, and smiled. “I shall conquer you within three strikes!”

Xiu , as the Thunderclap Ninth Heaven spread out, he moved to strike once again.

Peng, peng, peng, peng, the sword flashes were as bright as if they were ablaze, and slashed towards him madly.

Ling Han had no fear; every part of his body was swelling to absorb the force behind the attack without his retreating even half a step. On the contrary, he had even stretched out his right hand and forcibly extended it for a distance of one meter.

After absorbing three consecutive sword flashes, his hand had finally caught the hilt of the sword!

Hong , a terrifying killing intent suddenly struck at Ling Han’s consciousness.