Chapter 881: Entering into the Immortal Realm!

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han continued to split open the sky; the Mountain and River Axe fell repetitively; the skies were torn apart, and finally connected through to the Immortal Realm!

Hu!

The Spiritual Qi instantly gushed in, as boundless as an ocean.

“F*ck, I’m about to break through!” Helian Tianyun exclaimed in shock. He was the descendant of the True Dragon, and his bloodline was too powerful. Others could not possibly break through to the Immortal level without a suitable cultivation technique, but he was different: as long as he was in the environment of the Immortal Realm, it was as easy as drinking water for him to break through.

But he hurriedly suppressed his breakthrough; he had not yet tempered his Shattering Void Tier cultivation to the limit, and had no intention of breaking through so quickly.

If it was the previous he who had yet to meet Ling Han, he would naturally think that battle prowess of twenty Stars of Shattering Void Tier was already the limit, so what else could he do if not break through? But after meeting a monster like Ling Han, he also seemed to be leaning towards becoming a monster himself; he decided to pound against the target strength of twenty Stars of Shattering Void Tier before he considered breaking through.

In any case, he was still young, wasn’t he? Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Furthermore, he would definitely be expelled by the Lower Realm if he broke through now, yet there was still a Sky Sealing Great Formation above him, so if he was expelled, that would really be courting death. He naturally was not going to do that.

Denser Spiritual Qi was not the only thing gushing in from the Immortal Realm—there was also a complete set of regulations, which made everyone feel as if they had caught hold of something. Some people directly sat down in a cross-legged position—they obtained an opportunity to break through.

The sky had opened, but it was not yet completely successful.

Because, presently, the hole in the sky was still too small, and would not allow the whole Lower Realm to pass through. However, attracted by the magnetic pull of the Immortal Realm, the Lower Realm was still drawing closer to the latter. It was like a pregnant woman, exerting force from both within and without just to give birth to an infant.

On the other side, the old man finally had a dramatic change of expression. If this situation continued, then even if Ling Han did not make another move, the Lower Realm could still possibly pierce through directly due to the attraction from the Immortal Realm.

He quickly left. After a short while, a purple-robed old woman appeared. She, too, had four Suns and Moons floating above her head. However, her four Suns and Moons were all the same size.

This was the real perfected level of the Sun Moon Tier. She had cultivated to the peak, and if she did not break through to the Heavenly Body Tier, there was no possibility for her to otherwise improve herself.

The purple-robed old woman looked coldly at Ling Han. Hong , two phoenix wings 30,000 meters long stretched out behind her back. Then, she extended her right hand, and endless fiery flames ignited. Even if the two realms were separated, the flames would still made one feel a boundless chill.

These flames could burn everything to ash!

Xiu

, the old woman flicked a finger, and a bullet of fire shot over.

It was very plain; there was no thousands meters long Sword Ray or Saber Ray, but merely a fire bullet that was about the size of a fist. Yet, the power behind this small fire bullet had exceeded the Saber Ray from before by at least ten times!

Indeed, even if they were on the same minor layer, the difference between the early period, middle period, late period, and peak period was incredibly colossal; no wonder those that could cross over a sub-layer to battle an opponent on a stronger sub-layer would deserve to be praised as prodigies.

She should be the strongest elite of the five sects of the Immortal Realm. Then, Ling Han would only need to block this one blow, and he would have really succeeded, and could finally be afraid of nothing, right?

Ling Han moved, concentrating all his power, and delivered a palm strike aimed at that bullet of flames.

Hong!

But it was of no use. Even his battle prowess of 25 Stars of Shattering Void Tier could not block this strike, and he was entirely swallowed up by the flames in an instant.

“Your Majesty!” everyone exclaimed in shock.

Could it be that they would fail again, at this very instant?

It should be known that the skies were already opened, and as long as Ling Han could hold on for a while longer, the whole lower realm would be able to ascend into the Immortal Realm.

On the other side, a smirk appeared on the old woman’s face. How terrifying were her True Phoenix Divine Flames? Even Immortals on the same cultivation level would not dare take them head on, what more a mere Shattering Void Tier cultivator. But after an instant, the cold smirk on her face turned into shock.

This, how... how was this possible!?

All could see it as Ling Han walked out of the flames. Although his whole body was still burning, his spirit and energy were still full of vigor, his vitality soaring straight up into the heavens.

Brandishing the axe, he continued to split the sky open!

“Your Majesty!” all the citizens exclaimed, every single one of them feeling such excitement they had goosebumps.

This was really just like how the saying “at the end of the line, when there seemed nowhere they could go, there appeared light at the end of the tunnel” went. They had initially thought that everything would end at this point, and had never imagined that Ling Han would give them another surprise.

After this feat, the belief that Ling Han was invincible was sown in the hearts of everyone. No matter how bad the situation seemed, their monarch would have a way to solve the problem.

The hearts of the people united, and the power of the nation soared greatly!

In the skies above the Imperial City, the totem of the Black Tower glowed with golden light. A humming sound spread out, and the sound and light enveloped all territory, stretching out to all corners.

The nation would become greatly prosperous.

The purple-robed old woman wore a dark expression, and once again began her attacks. One after another, bullets of fire surged forth. If one took a closer look, they’d notice all of the fire bullets had godly patterns shaped like a phoenix, their might incredibly frightening.

Ling Han knew that his ability was not enough to stand against them, so he decided to simply not bother, and merely brandished the Mountain and River Axe to slash ruthlessly at the skies, relying on his impressively strong physique to take them head on.

This was his real trump card!

A physique as tough as Godly metal, just burn it if you could!

If they were in the Immortal Realm, Ling Han would naturally not dare be so rash, but with the realms separated, what did he have to be afraid of? If her attacks could display their full might, that meant that the splitting open of the sky had succeeded, right?

“Open! Open! Open!”

With every wave of the axe, millions and millions of citizens would follow up with a cheer. They were unable to share Ling Han’s burden, so they could only use this method to express their support for Ling Han.

Not only the commoners did so—even the seven Kings and Helian Tianyun were all affected by the ambience, and were screaming alongside the ordinary citizens.

“Open! Open! Open!”

Ling Han, too, seemed to have gone mad. The flame bullets from the old woman were really a little scary. Even with his physique, there were signs of melting from the intense heat. Thus, he definitely could not allow his body to continue burning like this; he had to complete splitting open the sky as soon as possible. Otherwise, he could really be disintegrated by the flames.

The old woman on the other side was also getting worried. The splitting open of the sky was just a hair’s breadth from succeeding; if she could not stop them now, the lower realm would become a cooked duck that had escaped. She spared no effort and continued to attack, striking out endless flame bullets that transformed into a rain of fire that dropped from the Immortal Realm.

“Open in my name!” Ling Han delivered the last axe strike.

Hong!

This opening was big enough, and the attraction from the Immortal Realm instantly increased several hundred times further. The lower realm immediately sped up, crashing towards the Immortal Realm. Xiu , it was like a baby bird that was bursting out of its egg.

There was a Great Formation sealing them in from outside, but how could the barrage of a small world be something that could be blocked by a formation on the level of Mountain River Tier?

Pa , the formation instantly collapsed.

The whole mainland, along with the seas, rushed out together. Peng, peng, peng, in the vicinity, the purple-robed old woman, the white-haired old man, and the middle-aged man were all shaken by the impact and collapsed onto the ground, spewing out torrents of blood.

They actually dared to stand in the way of splitting open the sky; this was the counterattack from the heavens and earth.

Xiu , they could only sprawl on the ground and watch helplessly as the lower realm flew towards the heavens, abruptly turning into a tiny dot that they had lost all sight of.

***

Peng , Ling Han dropped down from the skies. He found out to his surprise that he actually could no longer fly. It was not that the pressure here caused him to be unable to fly, but rather some regulation had banned him from flying.

However, he immediately realized the difference. The others had as well. They could not clearly explain what the difference was, but only felt their whole bodies were comfortably warm as if they were bathing inside a hot spring, feeling indescribably relaxed.

They had entered into the Immortal Realm!

From now on, they were no longer the ants of the lower realm, but the citizens of the Immortal Realm.

“Long live!” Everyone cheered, feeling a heartfelt pride for their ruler.

But very quickly, everyone had lost all ability to speak because the scenery around them was too dazzlingly beautiful.

The lower realm, under the regulations of the Immortal Realm, began a long journey, traversing through the galaxy.

Soon, they could see the mainland of the Immortal Realm they had previously spotted. From a colossal piece of land, it transformed into a ball, then became a dot.

And in the boundless universe, there were uncountable numbers of such dots!