Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 913: Gave a Bite

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With some struggle, Ling Han walked out of the deep hole in the mountain.

His physique was really too amazing; after suffering two consecutive blows from an elite in the minor levels of the Mountain River Tier, not even a bit of damage was dealt to him.

“Senior Sister Shui, listen to me ex—”

Peng!

Shui Yanyu was obviously driven into rage from her embarrassment. Although she had not revealed all, one could still claim that Ling Han had seen every part of her, so how could she not be furious? She had gone mad, and shot out like an arrow. Peng, peng, peng , she directed a series of attacks right at Ling Han’s chest.

Ling Han had just come out of the deep hole, and was immediately sent flying back, and furthermore, was still continuously sinking deeper and deeper within.

No matter how sturdy the rocks and mountains of the Immortal Realm were, they could not stand up against to the destruction done by an elite of the Mountain River Tier. More importantly, Ling Han’s physique was on par with Level One Godly metal. Otherwise, with such a ferocious bout of blows, Ling Han would have been smashed to pulp, whereas the mountain would be completely unscathed.

If the mountain had a consciousness, it would definitely sarcastically remark, “So it’s my fault then? What wrong did I do?”

Shui Yanyu fully exhibited the power of the Mountain River Tier, and Ling Han did not have any possibility of fighting back at all under her attacks. The mountain rocks endlessly caved in, and he was also continuously sunk inwards, forcibly opening up a new cave in the wall of the mountain.

The main culprit of this matter was naturally Li Weiwei. By this time, how could Ling Han still not understand? Today should be the day for the women to enter this place. As for why he managed to obtain an entry plaque?

Very simple. Li Weiwei merely had to steal or borrow one; with who she was, it was definitely not difficult for her to accomplish that.

‘But, Senior Sister Shui, you should at least listen to my explanation, all right? I am also a victim here—though I did indeed see a lot of things I should not have, you decided to murder me without a second word. That’s not right, either.’

The more Shui Yanyu attacked, the more astonished she was. How could this pervert be so resistant against blows? Was this really a Shattering Void Tier cultivator?

Although she was only in the early period of the minor levels of Mountain River Tier, she was a Two Star genius, and her battle prowess was comparable to someone in the late period of the minor levels of the Mountain River Tier. With such furious attacks from her, not just the late period of the minor levels of the Mountain River Tier, even someone at the peak of the minor levels would definitely be unable to stand up against her blows!

Yet Ling Han had withstood her attacks, and aside from a sullen, helpless expression, he practically could not be any better.

She had really gone mad; she had been completely looked over by another, and she actually could not do anything against the perpetrator?

“Heavenly Winged Divine Sword!” she exclaimed softly. She had really lost her senses from fury, and actually even forgot to use her God Tool.

Weng , a flash of bright light flew out from between her brows, and instantly transformed into a three-foot blade. She held it in her hand, and quickly stabbed out at Ling Han.

Ling Han suddenly felt a chill; all hair on his body rose on ends.

This sword possessed the ability to wound or even kill him!

It was forged from Level Two Godly metal at least.

Ling Han forcibly dodged. Shua , the green blade slipped past his heart, but still stabbed into his body. The godly patterns glowed, and instantly dealt a considerable damage to his body.

And this was because it had not pierced any of his vital parts, or he would have definitely lost his life.

This time, Ling Han was angered as well.

‘It’s true I had looked you over fully, but you were wearing clothes, at least, and strictly speaking, you didn’t lose anything! Furthermore, even if I had committed a crime worthy of death, you should still at least give me a chance to defend myself, right?’

When Shui Yanyu saw her stab had taken effect, she immediately pulled back her sword, and stabbed it out towards Ling Han again.

Ling Han could no longer bother, and, lowering his head, slammed himself into her arms.

If this was a wide space, Shui Yanyu would naturally be unafraid. A careless palm strike and she would be able to send Ling Han flying; then, she would pursue and run this “pervert” through with her blade.

But this place was a mountain cave that been forcefully created with her blows, and was extremely narrow. Even turning around was slightly difficult, so where was there any space for her to deal with him? Furthermore, even though Shui Yanyu’s cultivation level was higher, how many real battles had she really experienced?

Just look at how Ling Han lowered his hand and pounced at her. Though his action was very simple, it was the most suitable move to make in this place and time. Furthermore, it was a reflexive action that had been taken when there was practically no time for consideration; it was actually born from his battle experience that he had accumulated over the course of two lifetimes.

It was also an instinctive reflex for Shui Yanyu to stab out her sword. She had not thought that Ling Han would actually crash right into her arms; where could she dodge in such a small space?

Peng!

This time, it was her turn to be rammed solidly by Ling Han.

Her whole figure was pushed backwards a considerable distance. Fortunately, she managed to activate her Origin Power to defend in time. Otherwise, her physique would definitely suffer greatly from this collision. At the very least, her beautiful body would be rubbed against the sharp mountain rocks, and she would definitely suffer scratches and wounds.

But this was not the most important thing. What caused a chill to run up her spine was that Ling Han had actually pounced into her arms; furthermore, his face was buried into her breasts.

This caused her to almost pass out.

‘Damn, pervert!’ Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even though she was extremely beautiful and alluringly graceful, that was something that she had been born with, and it had absolutely no relation with her personality.

Gritting her teeth, she forced the sword to withdraw, and stabbed out at Ling Han’s back.

This strike was extremely fast and heavy. If it landed solidly, not only would Ling Han be pierced through, even she herself would not be spared.

This was her spirited side.

‘What a really spirited miss!’ With how sensitive Ling Han’s divine sense was, he could feel that danger was just a bit away from his back, and a thought like this actually rose up in his head.

At this moment, if he ducked into the Black Tower, he would naturally be safe, but Shui Yanyu would definitely be unable to stop the sword from its course, and this stab would cause herself to suffer tremendous injury. It was even possible that she would be directly killed.

That was a treasured sword forged from Level Two Godly metal at least, so its destructive abilities were definitely frightening.

This was just a misunderstanding. The main culprit was Li Weiwei. If Shui Yanyu would die just because of this, Ling Han would definitely feel guilt.

With this thought, he dismissed the thought of entering into the Black Tower. He opened his mouth, and bit!

“Aaaah...”

Shui Yanyu only felt that her whole body exploded in that single instant. Her mind was completely blank, and there were no thoughts at all. Pa , the treasured sword in her hand fell weakly from her hand. It was really sharp. Just from the bit of kinetic energy from its drop made the tip of the sword pierce straight into the hard mountain rock, and it had sank down straight until only the hilt remained.

Ling Han could not stop a muscle from twitching in his cheek. No wonder he’d felt that his physique was just moments away from being pierced through completely; so it turned out that the sharpness of this sword reached such a terrifying extent.

However, could he keep biting her and not let go?

Ling Han grimaced. While this had temporarily solved the crisis, he seemed to have pushed himself into an even more awkward situation because the place that he had bitten was precisely where her tall mountain peaks were.

But if that had not been the case, how would he have been able to cause a great enough shock to her that she would even drop her sword?

Shui Yanyu’s distraction lasted only for a moment, and her beautiful face became ashen, her full head of black locks soared upwards, and her beautiful, water-like eyes turned red. It was obvious she had entered into berserk mode.

Not good, if she was really going to flip out, then she would definitely not give up until death.

Ling Han did not hesitate any further, and he entered the Black Tower with a flash.

He had wanted to duck into the Black Tower in the first place, but to save Shui Yanyu’s life, he had delayed it a bit.

Shui Yanyu was in a murderous rage. This bastard actually, actually, actually... She wanted to kill him! So what if there were Academy rules, she wanted to commit murder! But where was her target?

She could not figure it out. Obviously, she had been standing in the way that he would definitely pass, but where was Ling Han’s figure?

Da, da, da. Just at this moment, the sound of footsteps was heard from outside.