Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 914: The Truth is Revealed, Very Helpless

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Shui Yanyu promptly turned around and walked out of the “mountain cave”.

“Yi, Big Sister Shui, why are you here?” Over a dozen women walked in from outside. They were all very beautiful, and the one in the lead was precisely Li Weiwei.

While her cultivation level was not the highest—rather, she could be considered the bottom of the pile—her identity as the daughter of the Left Minister was too noble, so she had naturally become the the central figure everyone revolved around. The Northern Institution held a student enrollment every twenty years, so there were naturally other Shattering Void Tier cultivators.

Additionally, Li Weiwei was not one of the top three, yet could still enter this place, which obviously meant that the descendants of nobles and important officials had special privileges. Thus, it was not odd for over a dozen women to come here at this time.

Shui Yanyu forcibly suppressed the killing intent in her heart, and forced out a smile as she asked, “I, too, am a member of the Northern Institution, so isn’t it absolutely normal for me to come here today?”

Li Weiwei nodded, and looked left and right before she asked, “Big Sister Shui, did you encounter some... er, some unexpected event?”

Instantly, a thought flashed in Shui Yanyu’s mind, and she asked darkly, “What do you mean?”

“Nothing, haha, how could I mean anything!” Li Weiwei quickly laughed insincerely.

“En?” Shui Yanyu’s brows wrinkled, and a powerful pressure suddenly exploded from her.

She was an elite of the Mountain River Tier, and on the level of life, she had completely suppressed all the Shattering Void Tier cultivators here.

Li Weiwei suddenly lowered her head and twiddled with her fingers. She indeed had something on her conscience; thankfully, she didn’t cause big trouble. ‘That blockhead, he must have overslept and not come yet.’

Ji Yun’er’s expression shifted, and she exclaimed, “Weiwei, you took my entry plaque away yesterday. Is there some relation to that?”

With how clever Shui Yanyu was, how would she still not understand? Immediately, her expression became severe, and she shouted, “Weiwei, reply quickly!”

With such a scare from her, Li Weiwei could only honestly explain, “I only wanted to mess around with that blockhead, and so stole away Big Sister Yun’s entry plaque and gave it to that guy. Then, I told him to come here today.

“I purposely invited so many people to come together to see him make a fool out of himself, but I never thought that that guy actually hasn’t come yet; I’m really about to die from fury!”

‘You, die from fury?’

Shui Yanyu really wanted to cry but had no tears; she was the one that should die from fury, all right?!

She had really wrongly blamed Ling Han. He was not a pervert, but rather had been tricked by Li Weiwei. But, the problem was that it was a fact that she had been completely seen by him, and furthermore, furthermore... she had even been bitten by that guy, and she hadn’t managed to kill him!

What to do?

Should she kill Ling Han or Li Weiwei?

One of them had been tricked, whereas the other was only playing a prank, yet had caused the current situation.

“Yi, why would there be men’s clothing here?” Finally, someone found the clothes that Ling Han had taken off and put away on one side. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“And there’s a mountain cave here. Odd. I remember there wasn’t one here when I came here the last time,” another girl uttered in surprise.

All the women turned their eyes towards Shui Yanyu.

“I don’t know, either.” Shui Yanyu decided to deny it even if it killed her. This matter was only limited to herself and Ling Han. If a third person found out, how could she still have the face to live?

Li Weiwei was filled with suspicion, and decided to look for Ling Han later. If Ling Han was still alive, it meant that he definitely had not come, but if he had disappeared from the face of the earth... then he should have been silenced by this Big Sister Shui.

Her face was instantly filled with agony; she had only wanted to mess around with Ling Han by playing a prank on him. He would be a beautiful man entering the bath, whereas she would bring others around to be spectators, and they’d see how this blockhead would continue to act proud in front of her.

But now, it was great. If this guy had really been killed by Shui Yanyu because of this, she would definitely be filled with guilt for the rest of her life.

Although the women were all curious and confused, time would not wait. They still undressed, with only their undergarments on, and entered the pool one by one.

Shui Yanyu very quickly left. She had come early, so she would naturally leave early as well. In the eyes of the others, there was nothing odd about this. Still, they could not understand the reason behind the appearance of that pile of a man’s clothing on the ground as well as the sudden emergence of the mountain cave. What exactly had happened here? Could it be that those had been left behind be the men that had come yesterday?

***

Ling Han hid inside the Black Tower and could not help but sigh. Although he had temporarily escaped the conflict, and Shui Yanyu had finally found out that this was a misunderstanding, the problem was it was a fact that he had seen the “beautiful scenery”, and it was also a fact that he had had a taste of her ‘peaks’.

Really, that beautiful scenery was really alluring, so much so that even recalling the scene made his blood boil and filled him with an urge to transform into a ravenous beast.

“So big, so round, so soft, and so bouncy, and it was a little sweet too.” Ling Han reminisced, which could be considered to be finding joy in his sorrows.

“What I should face, I will have to face eventually. Let’s see what happens when that moment comes.”

Ling Han simply chose not to think about it, and dispersed the sharp Qi left inside his body by the Divine Sword using the powers of the Black Tower. The Body of Diamond caused his physique to recover very quickly. Then, he began to cultivate his Six Techniques Return to One.

Bit by bit, he was improving.

A day’s time passed very quickly. Today, it was the turn for the men to enter into the pool for cultivation. Ling Han would naturally not waste this opportunity. He came out of the Black Tower, but saw that his clothes had disappeared from the banks of the pool. Thankfully, he had everything inside the Black Tower.

He entered into the Black Jade Pool, and began to extract the essence from the pool waters.

The feeling was very wonderful. His physical body was strengthening, and his spirit was also becoming stronger. There was absolutely no need for him to exert any effort, and it seemed as if the heavens and earth itself was giving him a hand.

It was indeed very valuable!

Ling Han was instantly filled with an urge to dig up this pool and move it back to the Great Ling Empire, but he immediately gave a sigh. He should think about that only after he got rid of his status of a hostage.

Power was might.

Not long afterward, other students came. They were Ma Xing, Cheng Haofei, and also some he did not know. They were all known figures from the last batch and the batch before last. There were also some descendants of nobles that did not need to be ranked among the top to be able to obtain the special care of the Academy. Of course, there were not many of the last category.

In the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire, the top-tier forces were naturally the Nine Kings, whereas the Left and Right Ministers and the Seven Generals could only be considered second-tier, and below them, there were still those third-tier, fourth-tier... all the way to ninth-tier forces. The Academy’s exception to the rule only applied to third-tier forces and above, while fourth-tier forces and below did not receive even a bit of special care from the Academy.

For example, even though the Luo Clan was very powerful, they were not qualified to enter into the third-tier. Thus, the Luo Brothers were not able to enter into the Black Jade Pool, and so Ling Han did not have to go through another argument.

After Ling Han stayed for eight hours, he dressed and left.

“Blockhead, you’re not dead yet!” He had just returned to his quarters when he saw Li Weiwei jump out in excitement.

Ling Han almost could not stop himself from rushing forward and beating her up, but when he thought that he could not implicate Shui Yanyu into this matter, he forcibly suppressed the urge. Pretending to be confused, he said, “What do you mean ‘dead’? You really can’t say anything nice, can you?”

“Pei, pei, pei. I worried myself half to death because of you, and you’re actually acting like this. What do you mean by it!!” Li Weiwei immediately exclaimed, hands on her hips.

“Worried about what?” Ling Han countered with his own question.

Li Weiwei suddenly began mumbling. How could she have the nerve to say that she’d “wanted” to play a trick on Ling Han? She humphed, and said, “Nothing, you stupid blockhead, if you had died, you would have deserved it!”

She left angrily. However, now that Ling Han was fine, her worries vanished as well. Still, she was in a bad mood. She had still not managed to mess with Ling Han this time round; this was too displeasing.

Ling Han watched her leave, and thought that he would definitely find an excuse in future to give a well-deserved thrashing to this spoilt, unruly young miss. He had not died from her prank this time, but what about next time? And the time after that?