Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 933: Might of a Blow

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Heavenly Body Tier elites would naturally not take Shattering Void Tier cultivators seriously, but the energy condensed in this palm of Ling Han’s had far surpassed 20 Stars of Shattering Void Tier, which moved even these important people.

To be able to surpass the maximum limit on any cultivation level was absolutely and definitely not an easy feat, which implied that he could possibly reach an astonishing height in cultivation in the future.

Ye Chengyun was present as well. His battle prowess was 21 Stars of Shattering Void Tier, so he naturally had to participate on behalf of the empire as well. Moreover, breaking through to Mountain River Tier was definitely not something that could be accomplished in a short while; how could it be something that he could do easily just because he wanted to?

He had witnessed Ling Han’s battle prowess before, and when he realized that Ling Han was about to make a move, he was instantly scared so much that his hair was on ends. Immediately, he leaped out of his chair as if a fire had been lit under him—he ran for his life.

As the greatest elite in the Shattering Void Tier division of the Eastern Institution, his abilities were known to all. Hence, it was natural that no one would challenge him once he sat there. To pull a person with battle prowess of 21 Stars of Shattering Void Tier off his pedestal, one would at least need 10 people with battle prowess of 20 Stars of Shattering Void Tier to join forces to succeed.

There might not even be five people with battle prowess of 20 Stars of Shattering Void Tier here, so who would be foolish enough to challenge him?

But with this escape of Ye Chengyun, a great many were confused. Had he been possessed?

It was at this moment that Ling Han delivered his palm strike.

Hong!

A flash of golden light swept over. Peng, peng, peng . Everyone was sent flying as if they were flowers scattered by a divine fairy, flying to all corners.

Some collapsed onto the ground, some were crushed down by their chairs, and some fell into the bushes. All in all, aside from Ye Chengyun, who’d had enough foresight and managed to flee in time, the others were all tossed over. The majority directly passed out; a rare few were still conscious, though their faces were filled with shock.

This was a little too strong, wasn’t it!

A muscle in Ye Chengyun’s cheek twitched. He’d known that this blow from Ling Han would definitely be very powerful, but he still could not help but feel a shudder in his heart once he had witnessed it with his own eyes.

Was this really something a Shattering Void Tier cultivator could accomplish?

Monster... this was too monstrous.

The Left Minister was also slightly shocked. He only knew that Ling Han had come through opening the sky, so his abilities had to have reached 20 Stars, which was enough to win honor for him. But, how could he have imagined that Ling Han would actually be as fearsome as this?

When he was young... did he have that kind of ability?

The Left Minister could not help but shake his head. This was the first time that he really looked at this young man. He had really underestimated this emperor that came from a small world. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Perhaps, in future, he might be able to become a supreme elite!

This thought merely streaked past in the Left Minister’s mind, but he immediately broke into a short laugh. Being strong presently did not mean that one would definitely be strong in future; there were a great many fallen geniuses in this world.

It could even be claimed that the world lacked geniuses the least. Yet, there were pitifully few geniuses that could attain the pinnacle. There were even a great many that many did not have an optimistic opinion about, and were not categorized amongst the top-grade elites.

On the path of martial arts, there were too many accidents.

He had really thought too much. At least a million years had to pass before a Heavenly Body Tier elite could appear, and there were pitifully few of them.

However, it had to be admitted that the present Ling Han was definitely forceful, showing an invincible, elegant bearing. He lifted up a chair, and sat down alone just like that. There was absolutely no one that could equal him.

The Ninth King’s small mouth assumed an ‘o’ shape, while her eyes widened.

She was still young, and did not think so far ahead. She had merely been stunned by this strike from Ling Han.

“Great! Awesome!” She clapped her hands and kicked her legs, like a naive, pampered little girl.

This attracted the attention of everyone. She quickly stuck out her small tongue, and appeared to be even more childish.

Only now did Ye Chengyun return, hissing through his teeth. He also pulled up a chair, but did not dare to sit right next to Ling Han. Instead, he placed the chair a bit behind of Ling Han’s seat.

Those that were still conscious on the ground slowly got back to their feet, and each lifted up a chair to sit down on. Like Ye Chengyun, none of them dared to sit lined up with Ling Han. This was the respect that they should accord a man stronger than them.

Ling Han’s strength had already far surpassed the level they were on.

Upon counting, there just happened to be ten of them, so there was no need for further battles.

This caused the Left Minister and the other higher-ups to be slightly stunned. Could it be that when Ling Han delivered his blow, he had already planned this out? If that was the case, the ability of this young man had to be given a slightly higher estimate.

However, Ling Han had not deliberately done so. He had merely controlled the power behind this palm strike so the people who were the strongest would not pass out. He had not foreseen that there just happened to be 10 of them altogether.

Thus, Ma Xing, Yang Ci, and the others were all seated.

The Right Minister and the Seven Great Generals all cast a few more looks at Ling Han. Such a monstrous Shattering Void Tier cultivator moved even them slightly, and they remembered his name.

But that was the only thing they did.

Meanwhile, the Ninth King appeared very excited, and asked Ling Han, “What is your name?”

Ling Han stood up, being neither servile nor overbearing, and replied evenly, “I am Ling Han.”

The Ninth King could not help but begin clapping her hands again. “This time, we will definitely be in first place. Hehe, this is the first time I have done something so well for Big Sister. In future, no one would be allowed to call me little idiot!”

Once she had said so, she immediately stuck out her tongue. She had once again embarrassed herself!

“All right, all right. You can all go back!” She quickly began chasing them out, naturally not hoping for others to laugh at her.

None of them dared to disobey, so everyone swiftly departed. The command of the Ninth King was equivalent to the command of the empress, and no one could disobey.

In the top 10, there was a total of seven that came from the Scarlet Heaven Academy. The other six all followed behind Ling Han respectfully; their eyes were even filled with fanaticism.

They had reached the height of battle prowess of 19 Stars or even 20 Stars, and were thus deeply aware how difficult it was to reach or surpass this limit. Naturally, they were filled with admiration and respect for Ling Han.

The might of that palm strike previously was practically something to marvel at like it was a divine feat.

As they passed, they, like subordinates, flanked Ling Han as he entered into the Academy. This scene caused those who witnessed it to click their tongues in amazement.

***

“Oh?” Zhao Lun revealed a smile. Like before, he was standing at the bottom of the waterfall. This was because he was cultivating a secret technique. He could not move his body, as he had observe this waterfall and understand a certain rhythm of its movement.

“This person from a small world, his battle prowess has actually exceeded 20 Stars?” He appeared slightly surprised. Zuo Xiao was presently relating the event that had happened just a few days ago.

“Yes, Young Master!” Zuo Xiao said respectfully, a sliver of admiration in his eyes. The ability of this ant from a small world had slightly exceeded his expectations. Luo Ba was eliminated in a single strike, and he had become a competition representative for the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire.

“Since he has gained the right to participate, it would not be so easy to kill him. Otherwise, if the empress lays the blame...” When Zhao Lun spoke about this, he could not help but feel a shudder.

Even for a genius like him, his heart would shudder at the mere mention of the empress of the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire.

In the hearts of all the citizens of the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire, the empress of the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire was a being that was eternally invincible, and could never be surpassed.

“Young Master, what do you plan to do?” Zuo Xiao asked. He understood this young master of his; he would definitely not spare Ling Han just like this.

Zhao Lun laughed loudly, and said, “We shall temporarily spare his life, and kill him once the competition between the three empires is over. However, we cannot let him off so easily; you go and make some arrangements.” He began to issue his orders.

Zuo Xiao’s lips curled up in an uncontrollable smile as he said, “Haha, even if that brat manages to safely pass this night, he would garner the hatred of the Western Institution.”