Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 947: Wounding an Immortal

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The two of you were really quite fast!” From the opposite side, three people walked over. They were all men. Two of them were very young, but both were in the low extreme of the Mountain River Tier, whereas the third one was an old man exuding a slightly frightening aura.

This Mystery Realm only placed a limit on cultivation level, and not on age. Hence, whether one could enter or not would have no relation to his or her talent.

There were some who were not very talented, and already reached their limit by forcibly advancing into the Immortal level. For their whole lives, they would only be capable of stagnating in the low extreme. These people naturally did not have much potential to be nurtured. However, because of the entry restrictions of the Heavenly Sea Mystery Realm, they became useful.

They spent their whole lives on this cultivation level, and had also thus cultivated the low extreme to the maximum, so their battle prowess was quite frightening.

Even if their talent was far from reaching the extent of one-star or two-star geniuses, with the concentration of countless time—some had even taken some secret medicines as well—they sacrificed the possibility of raising their cultivation level further to attain a greater battle prowess in a battle of the same level. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In the first place, they did not have any more room for improvement, so it wasn’t much of a loss.

They were obviously very ordinary, yet it was possible that they would exhibit battle prowess on the level of three- or even four-star geniuses. It was all for the sake of this one time every ten years, to show their capabilities in this kind of Mystery Realm.

Obviously, this old man was such an example. He was obviously only in the low extreme of Mountain River Tier, yet the aura he exuded was extremely powerful, far surpassing his actual cultivation level.

Shui Yanyu’s heart clenched. In the present situation, the opposite side numbered more than theirs; the moment they started fighting, their side would definitely be at a great disadvantage! Thankfully, Ling Han was a secret weapon. Who would have imagined that a mere Shattering Void Tier cultivator would pose a threat to a Mountain River Tier elite?

She asked calmly, “Are the three of you not going to join us in opening the path? Our time here is limited; no one wants to go home empty-handed, right?”

The trio before them smiled, and drew out their respective weapons to begin opening a new path.

“We came from the Lang Clan of Eternity Sky; may I ask how I should address you, fairy?” One of the young men looked at Shui Yanyu’s alluring figure, his eyes flickering with an odd light.

“Chaotic Stars Majestic—”

Xiu!

Shui Yanyu had just opened her mouth when she saw the three of them move simultaneously, directing an attack towards her.

The three of them had obviously long come to an understanding as they moved at almost the same time. In their minds, naturally, only Shui Yanyu was a possible threat to them. They had directly overlooked that brat in the Shattering Void Tier.

However, though their attacks were fierce, they avoided Shui Yanyu’s vital points. It was obvious that this attack was only meant to subdue her, and not to kill her.

This act was not out of kindness, but rather possessed a more malicious intent behind it.

Shui Yanyu’s beautiful face instantly froze over, and she rebuked, “Despicable!” She brandished her sword in a flash, and a cold light flashed over, abruptly freezing the air. The surrounding temperature dropped drastically.

She had long since been on her guard; how could she possibly trust a few people that she had never seen before?

But it was a battle of three versus one, and the old man was frighteningly powerful, with battle prowess that was almost on the level of a four-star genius. As he struck out with a saber, golden light shone blindingly as if his blade could split open the heavens and earth itself, causing one to feel a shiver that could not be resisted.

“Have the three of you forgotten me?” Ling Han asked, smiling, and directly shot out an attack with the Seven Kill Subduing Soul Technique.

A young man’s figure instantly paused as he was stunned.

Ling Han took the chance to strike with his sword, and slashed right down on his head. Pu , a fountain of blood gushed out, making for a very sad yet beautiful scene.

Who would have imagined that a Shattering Void Tier cultivator would possess such a strong ability?

The remaining two on the opposite side were stunned. Ding, ding . Shui Yanyu’s sword swept past, exchanging a blow with them.

Peng!

Shui Yanyu was sent flying with the impact. That old man was too strong. Even if he was slightly distracted, he could not be stopped. Thankfully, she made use of being sent flying to disperse the power of the blow she took as much as possible. Though her beautiful face was a little pale, she was mostly unharmed.

“Ah...!” The wounded young man screamed horribly. He had already snapped back to his senses, and the great pain caused him to call out uncontrollably. He felt as if his head was about to fall off his shoulders.

‘An Immortal level cultivator is really difficult to kill!’ Ling Han exclaimed in his heart. Though his skin had been very easily split open, his bones had been refined to become extremely hard. Though it was still far from the level of Godly metal, it was still not something that could be split apart with just one strike from him.

What a real pity.

“Ziwei, what is going on here?” the other two asked, their expressions stunned.

This was extremely shocking. The other was merely in the Shattering Void Tier, yet was capable of wounding an Immortal, and had even nearly killed him!

“He has learnt a secret technique that attacks my spirit directly, causing me to sink into a state of confusion!” the wounded young man told them after a slight period of recollection.

“A spiritual secret technique!” the other two people exclaimed in surprise. At first, they looked stunned, but it was quickly followed by ecstasy.

Everyone knew that though Immortals focused on cultivating their spirits, the main purpose for strengthening one’s spirit was so that their spirits would not be so easily killed. From another aspect, the stronger the spirit, the more they would be able to draw upon the Regulations of heaven and earth to boost their own battle prowess.

However, the spirit itself actually played no part in direct attack.

Yet, there were techniques in this world that could make the spirit itself into a weapon that could attack another, and kill others in a way that could not be detected. This was known as a spiritual secret technique. However, spiritual secret techniques were extremely rare, and they were all held by a few extremely powerful forces. They would definitely not be taught to outsiders.

... They would not even teach them to the descendants of their daughters most of the time, unless they were really extremely talented; furthermore, their fathers had to marry into the clan.

Now that they had discovered that Ling Han had a spiritual secret technique, how could they not be overjoyed?

They would snatch and take it for themselves!

Ling Han smiled calmly, and said, “You both look ugly, but you have beautiful dreams!”

“Hmph, so what if you possess a spiritual secret technique? I have cultivated my spirit for several dozen thousand years! As long as I defend myself fully, how would you be able to get an opportunity to use your technique?” The old man moved, his long saber striking out, aimed directly at Ling Han’s chest.

He wanted to kill Ling Han so he could pluck out his memories directly to obtain this secret technique. There was completely no need to leave him alive.

“Elder Yang, what need is there for you to move against a mere Shattering Void Tier cultivator? Leave it to me!” The unwounded young man made his move as well, wanting to be the one to take Ling Han’s life.

The plucking of another’s soul could be done only once. After the soul was plucked, the “teacher” would naturally be completely useless. But, who would be able to guarantee that the old man would share the technique with others after he had taken it?

Hence, he could only really relax when it was he himself that got ahold of the technique.

The two of them both used deadly techniques so that each could be the first to kill Ling Han and snatch away his body from each other then pluck out his soul while his body was still “fresh” to steal his technique.

Shui Yanyu, meanwhile, had absolutely no intention of coming to his rescue. Instead, brandishing her sword, she slashed out at the wounded young man.

Though this person had not been killed by a single strike, he had still suffered a severe injury. He was presently circulating his cultivation technique to allow the wound to heal. Otherwise, if his neck was to be completely severed, then he would not even be able to take alchemical pills.

Shui Yanyu charged over, and the man could only parry her strikes with a single arm. However, the moment he was engaged in battle, he would have to distribute some part of his Origin Power, and his broken neck would instantly be pouring out blood like crazy.

“Help me! Help me!” he called out quickly.

But how could it be that the remaining two would still bother with him? Their eyes were completely focused on Ling Han.

The value of a spiritual secret technique was too high; it was even more valuable than a Mountain River Stone! After all, they could enter this place once every decade, and in the case of the low extreme of Mountain River Tier, the majority had to remain on this level a few hundred thousand years, so there was naturally no need for a rush.

Peng! Peng!

The two elites of Mountain River Tier made their moves, which naturally landed solidly on Ling Han.