Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 969: Blinded

After Shui Yanyu and Hu Feiyun had left, Ling Han finally began to seriously observe the cave ahead.

This cave was very big, and because there was lava flowing in the underground river, it was not dark. However, it was not all that bright, either. He spotted a colossal Lava Beast in the innermost depths.

An ordinary Lava Beast would only be about three meters tall and six meters wide, but this one was as tall as 15 meters and as wide as 30. Its skin was also darker, and covered with strange patterns. At this moment, it was sprawled out, sleeping. Its mouth was open, and there was lava-like saliva dripping onto the ground from it. The Lava Beast King!

Its aura was extremely powerful. Even at such a far distance, its aura caused Ling Han to shudder, with his hair on ends. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The late stage of the high extreme peak stage, or it might have even reached consummate level.

Subjected to Ling Han’s stare, this Beast King suddenly woke up with a start. Snapping open its eyes, it raised its head and swept its surroundings with a suspicious gaze. However, after completing its scan, it did not discover anything off, and lowered its head and once again began sleeping.

Hu, hu, hu. Its snores were thunderous.

Ling Han appeared out of the Black Tower, and wondered how he was supposed to grab the Mountain River Stone.

Was it possible to obtain it through force?

Ling Han estimated his own battle prowess. Presently, his cultivation level was close to the peak of the low extreme, whereas his strength was close to reaching the peak of the medium extreme, and when he used secret techniques, his battle prowess could reach the peak of the medium extreme. He had yet to reach the high extreme.

Yet the other party was very likely an existence on the consummate level, and had formed four Mountain Rivers. Merely in terms of strength, it would absolutely crush him.

No matter how tough his physique was, if the difference in strength was too large, then he would not be able to get close enough even with the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll to speed up his self-recovery. One hit, and he would be smacked onto the ground.

If he approached rashly, he would only be thrashed for nothing.

Most importantly, where was the Mountain River Stone? What meaning would there be in beginning the fight when he had yet to figure that out?

A thought flashed in Ling Han’s mind. What if he summoned the Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow? Though the battle prowess of this Beast King was extremely frightening, it was so laid-back that it seemed like it did not have much vigilance. It was practically a live target.

‘Let’s test it out’

He drew out his bow, activated the Ultimate Arrow, and used the Eye of Truth to find the weakness of this Beast King at the same time.

Yet the Lava Beast King suddenly stood up. True, it was lazy, but this kind of powerful existence always had an instinctive reaction to danger. If another being in close proximity bore killing intent towards it, it would be able to sense it, what more when it was being targeted by an arrow.

Tong, tong, tong. It immediately ran in the direction of the cave’s opening. The patterns on its skin glowed and interwove with the divine patterns of fire, capable of melting gold and erasing bones.

But when it ran to the cave’s opening, it did not discover anything. This made it very confused. It had clearly sensed a powerful danger, so why did it not find anything? Could it be that it had played too madly with a small beast the day before and had not rested enough, so its senses had malfunctioned today?

It slowly walked back, and sprawled back down to sleep.

‘There!’

However, in the Black Tower, Ling Han’s eyes lit up.

There was an unusual stone underneath the Beast King. Unlike other stones that were bright crimson, this one was completely black. It was practically the only spot of green among millions of flowers; that was how obvious it was.

And on this stone, there were seven crimson red stones scattered all over. Even at such distance, Ling Han was sure that those were Mountain River Stones.

Moreover, they were Mountain River Stones with a unique Elemental alignment, and possessed the power of flames.

Now he knew where the Mountain River Stones were, but the question of how to obtain it was a big problem.

‘Let’s continue!’

Ling Han exited the Black Tower, and once again summoned a bow and circulated the Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow.

“Ang!” The Beast King was again startled, and ran out to investigate. However, it naturally returned without success.

Ling Han began playing a game of hide-and-seek with it; after more than a dozen times, this Beast King was practically doubting life itself. When Ling Han once again summoned the Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow, it merely raised its head to cast a lazy look, but did not get up. The feeling of danger disappeared again.

The Beast King sprawled out to sleep. It could almost confirm that this had to be its misconception. It had surely played around too much.

Once, twice, and thrice.

The Beast King’s reaction became more and more careless, and in the end, it couldn’t even be bothered to raise its head, and merely blinked its eyes in reaction.

And right at this moment, Ling Han released a fatal strike.

Xiu, the divine arrow shot out, as quick as lightning.

The Beast King suddenly opened its eyes, and when it discovered that rapid stream of light approaching, it was finally greatly alarmed, and hurriedly began to get up. The patterns all over its body began glowing, and interwove to become flames.

However... it was too late!

If it had reacted when Ling Han drew back the bowstring, then with its powerful abilities, it would’ve definitely been capable of making full preparation. Without speaking of anything else, merely with its whole body of glowing patterns interweaving to become flames, perhaps the whole arrow would be directly melted, becoming a pool of liquid metal.

Yet now that the Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow was shot, it still wanted to dodge?

What a joke; perhaps cultivators of the Sun Moon Tier would be able to, but this Beast King definitely was not.

Pu!

The black arrow had already shot into the eye of the Beast King, and even the tail of the arrow had disappeared.

“Ang!” The Beast King released a furious roar of pain. Pa, the divine patterns on the arrow exploded, forming a terrifying destructive ability. A quarter of this Beast King’s head had exploded into nothing, and blood spurted out in all directions. A few broken bones could still be seen.

It was really unlucky. If it had not opened its eyes, then the eyelid would’ve at least provided some protection, but now, it was its eye itself that took on the might of this arrow directly. While it was a Beast King in the consummate level of Mountain River Tier, so what?

However, the Beast King was still the Beast King, after all. Even after taking a shot like that, it did not die. Its single remaining eye focused on Ling Han. It had finally discovered the culprit that had injured it.

It roared in fury, and, moving its four short legs, charged towards Ling Han. Hong, long, long. Every step it took shook the ground so much that it seemed like the entire cave was trembling. All the patterns covering its body were completely lit, and interwove to become divine flame, enough to turn a cultivator in the low extreme or even the medium extreme into ash.

“I’m not playing with you anymore. In a flash, Ling Han’s figure had instantly disappeared from sight.

Where was he?

The Beast King pounced, and searched endlessly, its single eye shining with a frighteningly menacing light, yet it did not find anything. It was incredibly furious. A quarter of its head had been destroyed! It was a great injury, which caused it to feel both agony and fury.

But what could it do if it could not find the culprit?

After searching crazily for a while, it could only retreat back. It had to get its injuries under control as soon as possible.

Otherwise, its life would be in danger.

However, just at that moment, that despicable human appeared once more.

Another arrow was notched, and he was planning to shoot it again!

Instantly, all the hair on the Beast King was raised on ends—if it had any. It quickly stood up, with divine flames interweaving all over its body, and assumed a defensive stance.

Ling Han was only putting on an act. He had just shot out an Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow, and all the stamina in his whole body was expended, so how could he fire another shot now?

But it was fine even if he couldn’t. This Beast King had already become easily frightened due to its past experiences; just acting like he was going to shoot was enough to scare it to death.

Meanwhile, Ling Han was using True Origin Stones to recover his Origin Power. Stamina could recover slowly on its own, and though there were no means to speed up the recovery rate, it recovered at a much faster pace than Origin Power. At most, in a few dozen breaths’ time, he would be able to recover to his prime condition.

But what about that Beast King? The moment it wanted to heal its injuries, Ling Han would pretend that he was about to shoot an arrow as a scare tactic, causing it to immediately feel alarmed as if it had seen a great enemy. The more he repeated it, the more blood it was losing, and the worse its condition was becoming.