Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1000  Entering the Town

These five people were all in the Mountain River Tier, but they were all only in the low extreme. Some were in the early stage, some middle, and only one had reached the peak stage.

Shui Yanyu stepped out, burning with fighting spirit.

Because she had made a sum of money, she had also bought three Mountain River Stones at the auction, and along with some alchemical pills she had bought, her present cultivation level was close to reaching the peak stage of the low extreme. Hence, she was impatient to find out exactly how far had her abilities improved.

These four could be said to have delivered themselves up to her door.

She gave a soft shout, and charged out with her sword in hand. She moved as lightly as a fairy, yet was as graceful as a demon.

At first, the four men looked perverted, but when Shui Yanyu's sword sliced over, an expression of terror suddenly appeared on their faces. How could they bother to indulge in their fantasies any longer? They quickly brandished their respective weapons in preparation to parry the oncoming attack.

Even in the Scarlet Heaven Academy, there was a limited number of even one-star geniuses. You should know just by looking at the enrollment assessment for the Northern Institution—only 20-odd people had managed to get through to the fifth floor.

However, the Scarlet Heaven Academy had already gathered all the young geniuses of the whole Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire. With that comparison, it was clear how rare even one-star geniuses were.

Shui Yanyu was above a genius of one star, but did not reach up to two stars. However, this was not sealed. In the future, she could possibly cross over into two stars, and could also possibly degrade to one star. But, with the God Tool in her hands, her current battle prowess was capable of surpassing two stars!

The other four, on the other hand, had only ordinary talent, and did not possess tier-surpassing battle prowess.

Hence, even if it was one against four, Shui Yanyu was still the one holding all initiative, her advantage extremely apparent.

After all, she had a dominating battle prowess of two minor levels, so even if it was one against four, fighting was very relaxed for her.

Ding, ding, ding, ding!

She was very forceful, and her beautiful face had already frozen into ice. Compared to Ling Han, she was naturally even more enraged to have others take liberties with her.

"Aaaah…" That sturdy man Ling Han had subdued was dumbstruck; only now did he realize that this couple was not to be trifled with. In his shock, he seemed to have even overlooked the pain in his arm. Only when Ling Han slapped him did he begin to scream.

"Shut up!" Ling Han rebuked, and said, "I will ask, and you will answer. If I am even the slightest bit dissatisfied, I will first cripple your other arm, then break your legs. Understood?"

"Yes! Yes!" The sturdy man's forehead was completely covered in cold sweat. However, Ling Han's voice was so cold, and he did not doubt in the slightest that Ling Han would definitely be firm enough to do as he had threatened, and he hurriedly forced down the massive pain he was experiencing.

He was bemoaning their terrible luck in his head. If he had known that this couple would be so forceful and powerful, he should not have trifled with them even if he was beaten to death.

"Tell me, how many different forces are there in this town, and which are the strongest?" Ling Han asked. Now that they had come to an unfamiliar place, the first thing to do was naturally to get to the bottom of the power balance in this place.

The large man hurriedly collected his thoughts, and finally related what he knew.

Even though Tyrant Axe Harbor was not big, there was also astonishing profit hidden here because there was a great many people who went out to sea, which attracted a considerable number of different forces.

The largest was naturally the owner of the Tyrant Axe Harbor, the Yang Clan.

The patriarch of the Yang Clan was named Tongtian, his cultivation level at the high extreme of the Sun Moon Tier. Even in the Imperial Capital, it would qualify the clan to be ranked among the fourth-tier forces, which was quite extraordinary.

Bafu was the name of the first generation patriarch of the Yang Clan. Billions of years ago, the Yang Clan had already established themselves here. Their history was even much longer than the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire, and until this generation of Yang Tongtian, they had already passed through close to 100 generations.

Every generation's patriarch of the Yang Clan would inherit the name of Bafu and a God Tool, the Tyrant Axe. Its level was as high as Level Eight, and it could match an opponent in the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier. This was also the reason why the Yang Clan could oversee this place, and not decline through these billions of years.

All the ships here were under the control of the Yang Clan, and if cultivators came back with their harvest back from the sea, the Yang Clan would also buy it from them in the first instant. In most cases, they could buy these treasures at the lowest possible price. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

In these innumerable years, the power of the Yang Clan had become incredibly strong, and it could not be moved.

Tha Yang Clan would get the bulk of the profits, but naturally would also leave some scraps for others. Hence, there were also five gangs here, and had respectively taken control of the various businesses such as the brothels, casinos, and inns in the town. Due to competing over customers, there was no lack of fights among these forces, and people dying was an extremely ordinary occurrence here.

There were no duels to the death here. Even the slightest argument could result in an exchange of blows, and life and death would be decided in an instant.

Precisely because of this, the inns here had very good business—once you had checked in, you would receive the protection of the inn, and would not need to worry that someone would sneak up to your bed in the middle of the night to chop off your head.

Of course, the inns here also came with exorbitant prices, and there was still a considerable number of people that simply found a corner on the streets to rest for the sake of saving money. However, it was also possible that they would not get back up again, and all their valuables would naturally be looted completely.

The Black Five Gang was precisely one of the five gangs under the Yang Clan; they had control over five inns, three casinos, and two brothels.

The boss of this force was called Jiang Ji, an elite in the medium extreme of the Sun Moon Tier. It was unknown whether he was in the early stage, middle stage, or late stage. You just had to know he was very awesome.

However, recently the Black Five Gang and the Great Chariot Gang had been fighting heavily, with both sides incurring heavy losses. That was why the Black Five Gang had been so shameless to run to the town's gate to collect entrance fees—it was to supplement their "household expenses".

"So he is in the Sun Moon Tier; I can't match him now!" Ling Han mumbled softly.

Putting aside the fact that Ling Han was only in the medium extreme now, even if he had reached the consummate level, it was impossible that he would be able to match the Sun Moon Tier. This barrier was like the gulf that separated the sky and the ground. No genius had ever been heard to have been able to surpass a major cultivation tier to defeat his superior opponent.

"From the look of things now, we can't possibly stay in an inn belonging to the Black Five Gang." He turned to look at Shui Yanyu, and said, "Wife, don't play anymore. Let's hurry and go in."

In truth, Shui Yanyu could have defeated the four people long ago. However, she wanted to try out her various techniques, and thus treated the four of them like her newfound sparring partners. With Ling Han's urging, she lost all interest. Then, drawing her divine sword in a fancy pattern, she burst with full power.

Peng, peng, peng, peng. The four of them were suddenly sent flying by the attack, and there was fresh blood seeping from their chests. They had all been severely wounded, but not one of them had died.

She was not a rash person. In this place, the glorious reputation of the Shui Clan was of no use. Even the identity of the disciples of the Scarlet Heaven Academy would not bring them any additional protection. Hence, if they could avoid offending anyone too heavily, it was best to do so.

With them making such a huge commotion with their fight at the gate, it was naturally impossible that no one would have seen it. However, those who passed merely acted like they had seen nothing. They seemed to be very used to this kind of battles.

Chaos!

This was the common feature of the majority of places. You should not think that the whole world was peaceful and prosperous just because the rules in the Imperial Capital were well-enforced.

Ling Han and Shui Yanyu entered the town. They first went to the harbor, and found out that the ships here would only leave once every three days. It just so happened that the last ship had left yesterday. Hence, if they wanted to go out to sea, they would have to wait two days.

Thus, the duo first went to seek out accommodation.

Naturally, they could not possibly stay at an inn belonging to the Black Five Gang. Ling Han deliberately sought out an inn belonging to the Great Chariot Gang. Since the two forces were engaged in such heated competition, he would not need to worry that the Great Chariot Gang would collaborate with the Black Five Gang to rob and kill them in the middle of the night even if he had offended them.

When they entered the inn, Shui Yanyu's sexy and enchanting figure immediately drew a considerable number of looks, and there were some that did not even bother to conceal the desire hidden in their depths.

 