Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1164: Many Things Are Very Coincidental

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Qiao Mianmian couldn’t help but feel embarrassed. “What special attraction? Is it because I’m the only one who won’t make you have an allergic reaction?”

“No.” Mo Yesi denied without hesitation.

“What, then?”

“You might not believe it, but I only realized it after a while.” Mo Yesi was silent for a few seconds, his handsome face blushing as if he had something to say.

After a while, he looked into Qiao Mianmian’s eyes and said, “I later realized that I fell in love with you at first sight.”

Because he was slow when it came to relationships, it was only a long time later that he realized that he had fallen for her the first time they met.

But at that time, he didn’t know that he had fallen in love with her at first sight.

He decided to marry her because he liked her and wanted to be with her.

Otherwise, there was no reason for him to sacrifice his marriage for his shortcomings.

And he didn’t want to force her to marry him by performing surgery on Qiao Chen.

This was completely unlike his usual style.

Fortunately, although he discovered his feelings for her late, he did not have any regrets.

She was by his side now and had become his wife.

At this moment, Mo Yesi was extremely glad that he had been “despicable” back then. If he had always been a gentleman, he and Qiao Mianmian wouldn’t be where they were today.

Then, he would truly regret it.

Love at first sight...

Qiao Mianmian’s heart started pounding, and her face turned red.

Knock, knock, knock.

At this moment, someone knocked on the car window outside.

Qiao Mianmian sat in the driver’s seat and looked out. When she saw Qiao Chen standing outside, she covered her burning face and took a deep breath to calm herself down before rolling down the window.

“Sister.”

The car window was rolled down, and Qiao Chen’s beautiful but slightly sickly pale face was clearly reflected in her eyes.

When he saw Qiao Mianmian, he greeted her with a smile, looking obedient and sensible.

“Chen Chen, get in the car. Let’s go to Grandma’s house for dinner tonight.”

Qiao Mianmian only mentioned Old Madam Mo.

She really didn’t like Madam Mo.

She had also given up on building a good relationship with her.

She only hoped that they could live in harmony in the future.

“Yeah.”

Mo Yesi opened the car door and Qiao Chen got in.

After he got into the car, he sat down properly.

Mo Yesi looked at him in the rearview mirror and thought about Qiao Chen’s possible identity. He couldn’t help but feel a little strange.

He was his brother-in-law.

If that matter was confirmed, he would become his cousin.

The feeling of a brother-in-law becoming a cousin...

Mo Yesi wasn’t a superstitious person. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

But after meeting Qiao Mianmian and Qiao Chen, he started to believe in fate.

That night, the woman who was supposed to be sent to his room got into a car accident, and Qiao Mianmian was the one who was sent in.

He wasn’t interested in any woman. He would reject women physically and mentally, but not her.

And because of her, he realized that Qiao Chen might be from the Mo family.

Speaking of which, many things were especially coincidental.

It was so coincidental that it was as if God had deliberately written a script. All the plots were going according to the script...