Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1176: She Seemed to Be Alone

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

She wondered if she was imagining things.

She felt... isolated.

Fortunately, Nana was with her. Otherwise, she would be even more embarrassed.

“Mianmian, don’t take it to heart.” Nana comforted her. “They’re not familiar with you, so they don’t know what kind of person you are. Maybe because of Huang Yilin and Xiaoxiao, they have some scruples about you, so...”

“Mm, I know.” Qiao Mianmian didn’t take it to heart. These people weren’t even friends with her, so it was normal for them to ignore her.

Besides, they were all A-listers and B-listers. They had never seen any A-listers and 18-listers playing together.

For someone like her, she wasn’t even a C-lister.

Qiao Mianmian didn’t like to deal with these meaningless social interactions, so she felt relaxed when no one paid attention to her.

Hence, she didn’t mind that no one bothered with her.

Nana could tell that she really didn’t mind, so she was relieved.

She could sense that they were isolating Qiao Mianmian.

On the surface, it looked like no one was paying attention to her because they were not familiar with her.

But that was not the case.

Not all the artists here knew each other.

But everyone else who didn’t know each other was talking and laughing, except for Qiao Mianmian.

This scene was captured by the cameraman, and the netizens watching the live stream also saw it.

Xiao Xiao-Xiaolei: [No one seems to care about Qiao Mianmian. She’s always alone with her assistant. It’s as if no one else wants to talk to her. Her character is obviously not good. Her social relations are so bad. So what if she has an awesome boyfriend? No one cares about her. It’s quite sad. Yesterday, she was in the limelight, but today...]

Beat you up: [Why is no one paying attention to her? Isn’t it easy to guess? Although Little Xiao issued a statement saying that the endorsement matter had nothing to do with her and that she wasn’t the one who snatched it, everyone is not a fool. They won’t believe whatever she says. It’s obvious that she borrowed her boyfriend’s power to force Little Xiao to release that statement. Taking advantage of the fact that she has a boyfriend with an extraordinary identity, she bullied another celebrity like this. Little Xiao is still her senior. With her character, who would dare to get to know her? If anyone accidentally provokes her, wouldn’t they be the next unlucky person?]

Qiao Lucha exploded today: [I think she deserved it for being splashed with sulfuric acid by Huang Yilin. She must have been the one who dug up all the dirt on Huang Yilin. Even if all the dirt is true, did she have to torture her to death? She was originally an artist with limitless potential, but now that she’s in prison, her life is over. Not only did she cause Huang Yilin to go to jail, but she also caused Tu Yilei to have no choice but to leave the industry for a year. She’s really a jinx. Those who got involved with her don’t have a good ending. Anyone who gets close to her will be unlucky. If it’s me, I won’t bother with her.] Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Many people in the live-stream were Tu Yilei, Little Xiao, and Huang Yilin’s fans.

No matter what their idols did, they would definitely side with them.

Hence, the comments section in the live-stream was filled with people scolding Qiao Mianmian.