Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1179: Do You Think She Doesn’t Know This?

And this charity event was even broadcasted live.

In other words, not only did the people present see Little Xiao bowing and apologizing to her, but the netizens in the live-stream also saw it.

Qiao Mianmian could imagine how the live-stream was like.

Everyone must have thought that she was bullying Little Xiao.

They all thought that she was forcing Little Xiao to apologize.

By now, she was definitely being called a dog.

Qiao Mianmian looked at Little Xiao’s aggrieved and pitiful expression, as well as her reddened eyes that looked like they could cry at any moment. She couldn’t help but sneer inwardly.

Yesterday, she thought that maybe it was her misconception that she had misunderstood Little Xiao.

From the looks of it, a woman’s intuition was indeed accurate.

Little Xiao didn’t come to apologize to her earlier or later, but she came shortly after the live broadcast began.

She had timed it perfectly!

At first, Qiao Mianmian felt a little sorry for Xiaoxiao when she found out that she and MC had talked about renewing their contract.

She even thought that if Little Xiao really lost MC’s endorsement because of her, she could return it.

But at this moment, Little Xiao’s approach made her dispel all thoughts and also dispel the apology in her heart.

In the end, even if Little Xiao’s endorsement was lost because of her, what was wrong with that?

MC looked for her.

She didn’t forcibly snatch it from Little Xiao.

Besides, she knew nothing about this matter. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Acting pitiful and innocent?

Did she think that she didn’t know this trick?

Qiao Mianmian’s lips curled up. Under Xiaoxiao’s surprised gaze, her eyes turned red in the next second.

She looked at Little Xiao’s surprised look, and in the blink of an eye, tears had already flowed out of her eyes.

The speed at which she cried caught Little Xiao off-guard.

“Senior.” She pursed her lips and choked. Tears silently fell from the corners of her eyes onto her white and delicate face. She looked at Little Xiao with tears in her eyes and said, “I’m sorry. I didn’t expect that you would care so much about such a small misunderstanding. I’ve long ignored it.

“You’re my senior, how could you...

“When I accepted MC’s endorsement back then, I didn’t think that Senior had talked about renewing the contract with them. I really didn’t know anything. But no matter what, it was because of me that the relationship between me and Senior became like this. No matter what, the wrong one was me, not Senior.

“If you want to bow and apologize, it should be me bowing and apologizing to Senior. How could it be Senior doing this to a junior like me?”

Qiao Mianmian cried as she took a step back and bowed deeply to Xiaoxiao.

“Senior, I’m sorry. I’m really sorry.”

She bowed and apologized three times.

After bowing, she raised her teary little face again. Her eyes were full of apology as she looked at Little Xiao. She enunciated each word clearly and firmly, “In order to eliminate the misunderstanding between me and Senior, I decided to give up the MC endorsement. It was this endorsement that caused the misunderstanding between us. I don’t want this misunderstanding to continue.”

Qiao Mianmian’s words shocked everyone present.

Give up on the MC endorsement?

Even if her boyfriend was very capable and did not lack good resources to give to her, it would be a pity to give up a top endorsement like MC’s.

And the reason she did this was that she didn’t want Little Xiao to misunderstand her?