Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chapter 1191: Mom, You’ll Help Me, Right?

Dream on!

Shen Rou clenched her fists and her gaze turned cold. Slowly, she calmed down.

Fortunately, she had already planned this.

Hence, it didn’t matter even if Qiao Mianmian was the Bai family’s daughter. She wouldn’t give her a chance to be acknowledged by the Bai family.

After some thought, she picked up her phone and called Qiao Anxin.

...

At the Qiao house.

Qiao Anxin was both excited and jealous after the call.

Just now, Shen Rou called her and told her that the test results were out.

That little bitch Qiao Mianmian was really the daughter of the Bai family.

Qiao Anxin never thought that Qiao Mianmian’s biological parents would be Madam Bai and Old Master Bai, one of the top four families in Yun Cheng.

Such a distinguished family...

How could it be related to Qiao Mianmian?

Shouldn’t Qiao Mianmian’s bastard parents be fugitives? Shouldn’t they be in dire straits now?

Why was it like this!

Not only were the parents of that little b*tch not some random person, but her real background was thousands of times more noble than his.

Qiao Anxin slammed her phone onto the bed and sat by the bed with a livid expression.

At this moment, Lin Huizhen pushed open the door and entered.

Noticing that she was sitting by the bed with a straight face, Lin Huizhen frowned and walked towards her. “Anxin, what’s wrong with you? Who provoked you? Have you found your next company yet? Don’t think that you’re still quite popular now. You’re so picky and picky that you won’t take a liking to anything. If you stay quiet for a while longer and don’t show your face, your fans might forget about you.”

“In my opinion, you shouldn’t be too picky. As long as there’s a suitable company, sign it first. You don’t have to panic when you have things to do first. Let me tell you...” Lin Huizhen thought that she was worried about signing with the next company and started nagging.

“Mom, as long as I can live a better life, you’ll help me no matter what.” Qiao Anxin looked up at Lin Huizhen fiercely.

Stunned, Lin Huizhen nodded casually. “Of course. Anxin, you’re my darling. Of course, I hope you can get over it.”

“Then do me a favor.”

Qiao Anxin reached out and grabbed Lin Huizhen’s arm, looking determined. “Mom, if I tell you that I have a chance of becoming the daughter of the Bai family, will you help me?”

Qiao Anxin was afraid that Lin Huizhen would reject her, so she added, “But no matter what, you’re my biological mother. I’ll never forget this. Once I become the daughter of the Bai family, both of us won’t have to worry about wealth and status anymore. Mom, you’ll help me, right? You’ll definitely help me!”

Lin Huizhen was stunned. “Anxin, what are you talking about? What daughter of the Bai family? You’re the daughter of our Qiao family. How did you become the daughter of the Bai family? Also, which Bai family are you talking about? What are you talking about?”

“Of course it’s the Bai family from the four big families in Yun Cheng. As long as I can become the Bai family’s daughter, I can buy you anything you want in the future. Although you’ve become my adoptive mother on the surface, I’ll remember in my heart that you’re my biological mother and will be filial to you for the rest of my life.”

“Mom, can you help me?”