Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1194: Forget It, She Would Admit It

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ding! Jiang Luoli sent another WeChat message.

Jiang Luoli: [You know I was drunk that night, right? I was never that drunk. When I woke up the next day, there were so many things I couldn’t remember. I had already made up my mind to make things clear to him, but he told me that I had taken quite a bit of advantage of him when I was drunk, so I had to be responsible for him. This was the first time I met a man who called a woman responsible. I didn’t know if I really took advantage of him, but he doesn’t seem like someone who would lie. I didn’t want him to think that I was a scumbag, so...]

Qiao Mianmian: [So, you agreed to date him.]

Jiang Louli: [Oh, yes. Baby, are you not optimistic about us? Actually, I didn’t think too much about it. I just think that it’s not bad to just have a sweet relationship. Mo Shixiu fits my ideal boyfriend’s requirements in every aspect. It’s not bad to have a relationship with a man like him.]

Qiao Mianmian naturally wouldn’t pour cold water on her at such a time. Furthermore, she couldn’t just make a wild guess about other people’s feelings.

She thought for a while before replying: [Your feelings are the most important. If you feel happy being with him and don’t consider what will happen in the future, I also think it’s good to be in a sweet relationship. It’s not a loss to be in a relationship with Mo Shixiu.]

Jiang Louli: [Yeah, that’s what I thought. Other things aside, when I’m with a gorgeous man like him, I feel especially happy looking at his handsome face every day. As for the future, I really don’t think too much about it. Anyway, I’m still young. I can still waste a few years of time.]

Jiang Louli: [Oh right, now that we both have boyfriends, let’s go for a meal. So, when are you and Prince Charming free? I’ll ask him to treat you two.]

Qiao Mianmian was about to reply when she heard the door open.

She looked up and saw Mo Yesi enter the office.

Mo Yesi stopped in his tracks when he saw Qiao Mianmian sitting on the sofa with her phone in her hand. He then walked towards her with a smile.

“Are you bored from waiting? I’m done now. I can accompany you.”

“It’s not my first time here.” Qiao Mianmian shook her phone and sighed.

“Mm? What is it?”

Mo Yesi sat down beside her, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her gently.

Qiao Mianmian pouted. “Sigh, you guessed right.”

“Hm?” Mo Yesi raised an eyebrow. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Luo Luo told me just now that she’s with Big Brother.”

Mo Yesi was stunned for a moment, then smiled again without any surprise in his eyes. “Isn’t that normal? I told you long ago that she can forget about rejecting Big Brother after meeting him.”

“But I thought she might be able to resist Big Brother’s handsomeness. I thought she wouldn’t be so weak.” It seemed that she had overestimated Jiang Luoli.

“So, you lost our bet?” Mo Yesi didn’t forget about it and immediately brought it up.

Qiao Mianmian was speechless.

Forget it, she was willing to lose.

“Well, I lost.”

“I remember that the bet is that you have to agree to a request of mine. No matter what I propose?”

Qiao Mianmian had a bad feeling about this.

She didn’t even want to admit it anymore.