Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1212: Too Biased

UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Everyone saw Shen Rou and Qiao Anxin.

Qiao Mianmian saw them too.

Qiao Mianmian was more surprised than anyone else when she saw Qiao Anxin and Shen Rou walking in hand in hand.

Qiao Anxin, Shen Rou...

How did they know each other?

Mo Yesi looked at Shen Rou indifferently for a second before looking away. He frowned when he saw Qiao Anxin walking in with her.

Mo Yesi and Shen Rou had known each other for more than 20 years.

Even if he did not pay much attention to her, he still had some understanding of her.

Shen Rou looked easy-going on the surface and did not put on any airs towards anyone. She was the daughter of a wealthy family that others called down.

But in reality, she was very arrogant.

She didn’t want to get to know Qiao Anxin.

He had never seen the two of them interact with each other before, but they suddenly appeared together tonight.

Mo Yesi hugged the person beside him tightly, and his eyes darkened.

No matter what their motives were, he wouldn’t give them another chance to hurt Qiao Mianmian.

Shen Rou brought Qiao Anxin to Bai Yusheng.

When she saw Mo Yesi and Qiao Mianmian standing next to Bai Yusheng, her eyes flickered. When her gaze fell on Qiao Mianmian’s silver-grey starlight dress and the set of jewelry she was wearing, Shen Rou tightened her fingers, and a trace of jealousy flashed past her eyes.

When she looked at Qiao Mianmian’s beautiful face, her jealousy intensified.

That set of jewelry, the Star and Moon Protection, cost more than ten million.

It was made by a very famous jewelry designer internationally.

It was a global limited edition item.

Previously, she had taken a fancy to this set of jewelry and wanted to book it, but she was told that it was sold out.

But now, Qiao Mianmian was wearing jewelry that she couldn’t even buy.

How could she tolerate this?

Qiao Anxin was equally jealous.

Ever since she guessed that Mo Yesi might be the CEO of the Mo Corporation, her heart had never calmed down.

When she found out that Qiao Mianmian’s real identity was the Bai family’s daughter, she was so jealous that she almost went crazy.

She was not convinced.

Why did Qiao Mianmian get all the benefits?

Not only did she have a handsome, rich boyfriend who treated her very well, even her biological parents, who had abandoned her when she was young, were now prominent figures of virtue and prestige.

They grew up together.

Qiao Mianmian was originally an orphan with no one to rely on.

Initially, she thought that she had the upper hand.

But now she realized that she and Qiao Mianmian did not come from the same world.

She didn’t even have the qualifications to compete with Qiao Mianmian.

She had tried so hard to snatch Su Ze away from her and kept suppressing her, making her unable to rise in the entertainment industry. She had thought that she was the winner.

She had thought that Qiao Mianmian would be under her feet forever.

But later on, this little b*tch turned around and found someone better than Su Ze, making her years of planning and her own victory a joke.

Now, they found out that her real identity was still the daughter of the Bai family.

God was too biased towards this little b*tch.

Qiao Anxin looked at the handsome man in a suit and leather shoes. The flames of jealousy in her heart burned brighter.