Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 147: Hmph, I’ll Anger You to Death!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“That’s good.” Jiang Luoli sighed in relief. “It’s the weekend tomorrow, we can go and visit Chen Chen in the hospital.”

“No need for that.” Qiao Mianmian said, “The doctor told me yesterday that Chen Chen can be discharged tomorrow. Don’t you have a photoshoot over the weekend for an online boutique? When you’ve got the time, I’ll get Chen Chen to come out and we can have a meal together.”

“Sure.” Jiang Luoli did not insist. “Oh right, I’ll be receiving my pay next week. Once I get the money, I’ll treat you guys to a meal. I said before that I’ll give you and Prince Charming a treat, but don’t you despise me if the place I take you to isn’t high-class enough!”

...

After breakfast, Qiao Mianmian and Jiang Luoli hooked arms as they walked to class.

They bumped into Bai Xiao and Zhang Yuwei on the way.

Their expressions went cold as they saw Qiao Mianmian and Jiang Luoli walking in their direction.

Bai Xiao eyed them for a few seconds before sneering.

Zhang Yuwei did the same and then turned away. “Xiao Xiao, let’s go. Someone here has a backing, we can’t afford to offend her.”

Both of them were holding a little booklet each. They were most likely going to the counselor to hand in their reflections.

“That’s right, we can’t offend her.” Bai Xiao sneered strangely. “I heard Shen Yueyue and the rest are still being detained in the police station. It wasn’t a big deal, they should’ve been released way earlier. But some people are plain vile. It’s so torturous to be held in a place like that even for a day, they’re pushing them to depression by locking them in for so long.”

“Sigh, who’s to blame? Shen Yueyue doesn’t have a strong enough backing.”

“Glad you know that.” Qiao Mianmian did not react, but Jiang Luoli scoffed at them. “If you guys find Shen Yueyue pitiful, you can always go in and accompany her. She’d surely be very touched.”

“Jiang Luoli, it’s you again!” Bai Xiao glared at her and yelled, “Who do you think you are?! You think you can threaten us?!”

Jiang Luoli chuckled and was about to say something when Qiao Mianmian said, “Whatever Luo Luo thinks is whatever I think too. Anyway, I’m ‘plain vile’, and I’m capable of anything. If you want to go in and keep Shen Yueyue company, I can help you with that.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The two smug expressions were immediately wiped off their faces the moment Qiao Mianmian said that.

They had only just heard that Shen Yueyue and Zhao Wanting were held in the police station too.

The Shen and Zhao families searched for ways to get them out but to no avail.

Besides that, they’d also found out about Sheng Hui Corporation’s bankruptcy.

It was evident that Qiao Mianmian’s boyfriend was behind these.

Even Su Ze wouldn’t have been able to make Sheng Hui bankrupt overnight.

It was becoming obvious that Qiao Mianmian’s current boyfriend was way more powerful than the Su family.

He was definitely... someone they couldn’t antagonize.

They hated him so much, but there was nothing they could do.

They could put Jiang Luoli down, but not with Qiao Mianmian around.

The two girls clenched their teeth and fumed, but they had nothing more to say.

“Yuwei, let’s go!”

Bai Xiao shot Qiao Mianmian a death glare before walking off with Zhang Yuwei.

Jiang Luoli then made a silly face behind them. “Hmph, I’ll anger you to death!”