Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 162: Who Are You to Interrogate Me?

It was only after seeing him that she learned what it felt like to really like someone.

She finally realized that what she felt towards Su Ze wasn’t true or genuine.

She simply felt that Su Ze was a good catch and was suitable as a husband.

Qiao Anxin did not conceal her excitement. She quickly let go of Lin Huizhen’s hand and went forward. “Mister, we meet again. Do you remember me? We met once at the school’s car park. I am...”

Before she was done talking, the man walked towards Qiao Mianmian and placed a hand on her cheek gently. He then asked coldly, “You’ve been hit? Who did it?”

Qiao Mianmian looked at him in shock. “Y-You’re here?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She winced when Mo Yesi touched her face.

He quickly took his hand away as his eyes got deeper.

The coldness he exuded was terrifying.

His gaze swept past Qiao Ruhai, Lin Huizhen, and Qiao Anxin as he asked, “Which of you hit her?”

Everyone who made eye contact with him felt a chill down their spine.

Even someone as eccentric as Lin Huizhen stopped yelling and screaming.

After spending decades as a businessman, Qiao Ruhai had learned to read someone by their eyes.

A glance was all it took for him to know that this handsome man had a rather complex background.

It wasn’t just every rich man who could hold that sort of presence.

Only somebody who grew up with class and status would hone such an aura.

“Mister, who are you? What has my daughter Qiao Mianmian got to do with you?” Father Qiao was a lot more polite when he talked to Mo Yesi.

He dared not offend this man before finding out his actual identity.

Especially after this young man had threatened him.

From his words, it seemed like he was behind Sheng Hui Corporation’s bankruptcy?

Holding that thought, Father Qiao’s expression darkened.

Mo Yesi glanced at him coldly. “You haven’t answered my question. Did you hit her?”

Qiao Ruhai furrowed his brows. He couldn’t help but think this young lad was being way too rude to his elders.

He seemed intimate with Qiao Mianmian and was acting like her lover. How could he be so disrespectful to her father?

This was too much!

If this man really was his daughter’s lover, the least he could do was to address him as Uncle.

What was with this attitude!

The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. He raised his voice, “So what if I did! She’s my daughter, can’t I teach my own daughter a lesson? Who are you to interrogate me like this?

“This is our family matter, it’s none of your business!”

Mo Yesi looked rather expressionless at first.

But upon hearing Qiao Ruhai admit to hitting Qiao Mianmian, his expression got colder and stiffer by the second.