Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1938: Influence on Everyone

“Ever since the restaurant opened, this is the first time a customer said he saw a cockroach in a dish. We take this matter very seriously, so I’ve already sent people to check the surveillance footage and called the police. When the police come and look at the footage, I believe the truth will be revealed.

“There are so many guests today. I hope everyone can witness the truth.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Qiao Mianmian mentioned checking the surveillance footage and calling the police, the troublemaker looked flustered.

Qiao Mianmian noticed his reaction and was even more certain that he was here to cause trouble.

This incident affected the restaurant greatly.

If she didn’t investigate this matter clearly in front of everyone, it would be hard to clarify things once the public opinion started to spread.

The troublemaker didn’t expect her to call the police. He was only here to make a scene and ruin Qiao Mianmian’s reputation.

Seeing that his plan might not succeed, he wanted to leave the restaurant immediately.

The moment he stood up, Qiao Mianmian could tell. She immediately said to Zhan Bo and Ren Jun, “Watch this guest. He can’t leave until the truth is out.”

Ren Jun, Zhan Bo, and the rest could tell that the troublemaker wanted to leave. A few 1.8 meters tall young men immediately walked over and surrounded the troublemaker.

The troublemaker was stopped and cursed angrily. “What are you doing? Get lost! What authority do you have to stop me from leaving?”

“Sir, you just said that there are cockroaches in our dishes. We asked you to stay because we want to find out what happened and give you an explanation. Didn’t you keep saying that you want me to give you an explanation? Why are you leaving when I’m investigating this matter?”

“I can leave whenever I want, do I still have to report to you?” The troublemaker was clearly panicking. He growled angrily at Qiao Mianmian. “Forget it, I’m just unlucky today. I won’t pursue this matter anymore. I still have things to do, so I don’t have time to stay here and waste time with you guys. Move aside, don’t delay my matters.”

He pushed Zhan Bo as he spoke.

However, Zhan Bo grabbed his arm and said with a cold smile, “That won’t do. If you leave just like that, won’t our restaurant’s reputation of being unhygienic be cemented? If someone deliberately set you up, it won’t be you who will suffer, but our restaurant.

“Before we find out the truth, you can’t go anywhere. I think you should wait patiently.”

At this moment, the surrounding customers could tell that the person who had caused the trouble had probably put the cockroach inside.

If not, it was really the restaurant’s fault. He wouldn’t want to leave in such a hurry.

He was obviously afraid of being found out.

Most of these customers were fans, so they would definitely help their idols.

Qiao Mianmian wasn’t the only one whose reputation would be tarnished.

It would affect everyone.

Therefore, at this time, they all gathered around to stop the troublemaker from leaving.

“That’s right. We have to investigate this matter thoroughly. We can’t let him go before we find out.”

“I believe in the restaurant. If someone is causing trouble on purpose, we have to arrest them.”

“Since there are surveillance cameras, we should be able to find out the truth by checking the surveillance footage, right? I don’t believe the restaurant’s hygiene is so bad. Someone is obviously framing us on purpose.”