Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1947: You Think She’s Pretty?

Shen Rou’s expression changed when she heard Qiao Mianmian’s name.

“You mean, Qiao Mianmian is coming back to Yun Cheng today?”

The man did not notice her abnormality and nodded. “Yes, seems so.”

Shen Rou clenched her fists tightly, her long nails digging into her palms bit by bit. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

So Mo Yesi came to the airport to pick Qiao Mianmian up?

He was really considerate towards her!

Shen Rou bit her lip as hatred seeped out of her eyes. She sneered. “He’s such a gentle and considerate man. So, I’m not worthy of anything?”

She used to think that Mo Yesi treated everyone the same.

Hence, even if he wasn’t warm enough to her, he was still indifferent toward everyone else. She could still accept it.

No matter what, he treated her better than other women.

She believed that she had a special place in his heart.

What made her completely break down was that one day, she realized that he could actually treat people gently.

He was actually considerate and doting.

He could also dote on a woman.

But that woman was not her.

After realizing this point, what she thought was special became a joke.

“Missy, you...” The man turned around in surprise when he heard that.

Shen Rou looked past him and looked at the crowd again.

After a while, she saw a familiar person.

Qiao Mianmian was wearing a mask and a hat as she followed the other guests.

She removed her mask as she walked.

That exquisite and flawless face flashed in her eyes. Even a woman like Shen Rou was stunned.

“Miss, are you looking at Qiao Mianmian?” The man didn’t know about their feud. He only saw Shen Rou looking at Qiao Mianmian and introduced her. “She’s that girl wearing a white hat and a white sweater. She looks pretty on TV, but I didn’t expect her to look even better in person.”

Shen Rou’s expression darkened when she heard the man complimenting Qiao Mianmian. “You think she’s very pretty?”

“Yes, she’s quite pretty. She looks very innocent.”

“So, do all men like this kind of woman? No matter what kind of person she is, as long as she looks innocent, that’s enough?” Shen Rou’s tone became even darker.

Indeed, men were all superficial.

Even Mo Yesi was no exception!

Her feelings for him for more than twenty years could not compare to that of a woman who only looked good.

Besides her looks, what else did Qiao Mianmian have?

However, he was still mesmerized by that face. He was no different from those superficial men who only cared about appearances.

The man was about to reply when he suddenly realized that Shen Rou’s tone wasn’t right. He turned around and saw that Shen Rou’s expression wasn’t right, either. He swallowed the words that were about to come out of his mouth.

“Of course not.” The man quickly changed his words. “No matter how beautiful a woman is, if she only has a pretty face and can’t do anything else, she has no substance. A man would only play around with and not really like her.

“An outstanding woman with both looks and talent like Missy is the goddess that men dream of.”