Chapter 1962: I Made a Huge Mistake

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Even if Qiao Mianmian didn’t know Gong Zeli well, she didn’t think he was such a person.

Whether it was Mo Yesi, Gong Zeli, or Yan Shaoqing...

They didn’t care about a woman’s family background.

Qiao Mianmian was still in shock when she heard Gong Zeli’s voice again. “Ah Si, I fell into the pool ten years ago and Shen Rou saved me. You all know about this, right?”

“What are you trying to say?”

“Actually, I didn’t like Shen Rou. It should be said that I never liked her. But that night, when I saw her swimming towards me in desperation, I was moved.

“I always remembered that feeling. It was also because of that that I mistakenly thought that I liked her..

“Even when I realized that I didn’t have feelings for her, I hypnotized myself over and over again and told myself that I liked her. If I didn’t like her, why would I have fallen for her that night?

“But later, I realized that I was wrong. I made a huge mistake.

“That night, I actually got the wrong person. I actually mistook my savior for someone else. I even got the wrong person for a whole ten years. Ah Si, the person who moved me that night wasn’t Shen Rou, but Qiao Mianmian.

“The person who saved me that night was Qiao Mianmian. Shen Rou lied to me. She lied to me for ten years.

“I’m not only interested in Qiao Mianmian now. I’ve been interested in her since that night ten years ago.”

Bam!

The door was pushed open, and Qiao Mianmian looked into the office in shock.

The two men looked at her in surprise.

“Mianmian, when did you get here?” A few seconds later, Mo Yesi walked over to Qiao Mianmian and held her hand. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Gong Zeli’s expression changed when he saw Qiao Mianmian.

But soon, it returned to normal.

However, his gaze dimmed when it fell on their interlocked hands.

Qiao Mianmian quietly let Mo Yesi lead her to the sofa.

He sat down beside her and caressed her head. “How long have you been here? Why were you standing outside without saying anything? Didn’t you say you were going to have dinner at Big Brother’s tonight?”

Qiao Mianmian looked up at him and then at Gong Zeli. After a moment of silence, she said softly, “I arrived a while ago. I thought you were talking to someone, so I didn’t want to disturb you.”

“Wait a minute, I’ll be done soon.” Mo Yesi pinched her chin and kissed her gently.

Qiao Mianmian felt a strong gaze on her.

She thought about the other person in the office and wanted to push Mo Yesi away, but she recalled what she had just heard and retracted her hand.

Mo Yesi pinched her chin and kissed her for a while as if they were alone.

After a while, he seemed to remember the other people in the office and let go of her.

He looked up and saw Gong Zeli standing there with a dark expression. He smirked and said, “If there’s nothing else, you can leave now.”

Gong Zeli pursed his lips and stood still.

Mo Yesi smiled again, but his eyes turned cold. “Why, do you have something else to say? Didn’t I make myself clear?”