Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 228: Will You Always Treat Me Well?

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The more Mo Yesi talked about it, the more embarrassed Qiao Chen felt. He hurriedly waved his hand and stuttered, “No- no need...

“Erm, Brother-in-law, I still have some luggage to unpack. I- I’ll go and unpack first.

“Cough, cough, Sister, Brother-in-law is here, I’m not needed here anymore. Let him take good care of you.”

He then turned around and quickly slipped away.

After only a few seconds, the young man’s thin and slender figure disappeared without a trace.

After slipping out, he even closed the door gently, full of consideration.

Watching Qiao Chen flee the scene so quickly, Qiao Mianmian was simply speechless.

This little brat escaped so fast!

...

“Your brother cares a lot about you.”

Mo Yesi picked up the brown sugar water on the bedside table, took a spoonful, and tested the temperature himself. After making sure that the temperature was right, he gave the bowl to her. “Drink it while it’s hot. Does your stomach still hurt? Do you want me to call a doctor?”

Qiao Mianmian still felt embarrassed by the incident.

But fortunately, Mo Yesi neither teased her about it nor made a joke.

He stopped mentioning this matter.

She felt her face cool down slightly, but she was still a little embarrassed.

The blush on her face had yet to fade away completely, and her little face was flushed as she pressed her lips to drink the brown sugar water.

She first took a small sip, then drank it all in one breath. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Maybe because she was a little nervous, she choked a little.

Mo Yesi patted her back lightly and said in a criticizing yet gentle tone, “Why are you drinking in such a hurry.”

After coughing for a while, she slowly regained her composure.

Her eyes were watery from all the coughing, and when she looked up at him, she looked a little wronged.

Stunned, Mo Yesi reached out to brush away the bangs that covered her eyebrows. He caressed her head and asked in a low voice, “Baby, what’s wrong?”

She bit her lip and blinked, causing the mist in her eyes to become even more cloudy.

Mo Yesi felt a little panicked after seeing her eyes redden all of a sudden.

“Baby?” He frowned, his deep eyes fixated on her. He looked at her carefully for a few seconds and asked, “Why are you crying all of a sudden? Who bullied you?”

He thought carefully.

He hadn’t said anything that shouldn’t be said just now.

All was fine, but why was she crying?

Qiao Mianmian sniffed and shook her head. She said in a crying voice, “Mo Yesi.”

Her voice was originally delicate and sounded soft when she spoke, but now, it was even more soft and delicate.

Combined with her whiny tone, Mo Yesi simply felt a thousand points of pity for her.

He was filled with the desire to pull her into his embrace.

When he spoke again, his tone was unbelievably gentle. “Yes, Baby, your husband is here. Do you have something to say to me?”

Qiao Mianmian glanced at him with misty black eyes. “Will you always treat me this well?”

Mo Yesi was stunned.

He was a little surprised that she would ask such a question.

But he gave a very certain answer quickly. “Yes.”

“Really?” Qiao Mianmian sniffed. “Will you really be good to me forever?”

Just now, she had suddenly felt panicked.

She was really scared that when she became used to Mo Yesi pampering her like this, he would become like Su Ze.

He would fall in love with another woman, divorce her, and then leave her.