Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2286: Both of Them Are Stubborn

Madam Mo stood up when she heard the door being slammed.

She said angrily as she stormed upstairs, “A bunch of trash. You haven’t opened the door after so long.”

Sister Lin followed her.

…

Upstairs, she saw a group of bodyguards standing outside the study room. Two of them were slamming the door.

They exerted all their strength, and their faces were red from holding it in, but the door still didn’t budge.

“What’s going on? There are so many of you, why haven’t you opened the door?” Madam Mo looked at the bodyguards standing outside with anger. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Madam.” The bodyguard immediately turned around and bowed when he saw her. “This door is rather special. We tried many ways but still couldn’t open it. Eldest Young Madam is in the study and refuses to come out. We, we can’t…”

Madam Mo’s expression darkened.

“There’s nothing you can do?”

“Yes, Madam.” The bodyguard looked at her gloomy face and broke out in cold sweat. “This door, this door is very sturdy. We, we really can’t break it.”

“A bunch of trash!” Madam Mo glared at them and walked to the door.

The door of the study was closed. She couldn’t see anything.

Madam Mo’s sharp gaze landed on the heavy door. “Jiang Luoli, do you think I can’t do anything to you just because you’re hiding inside? If you have the ability, don’t come out for the rest of your life. Let me tell you, don’t think that Shixiu can protect you. As long as I take you away, even he can’t do anything.

“He’s my son, he’ll naturally listen to me. Come out now and follow me obediently. On account that you’re carrying the Mo family’s bloodline, I won’t mistreat you. If you don’t understand the situation and insist on going against me, don’t blame me for being heartless.

“If you really anger me, you won’t get any benefits.”

Madam Mo looked calm on the surface, but she was actually very anxious inside.

She only said this to get Jiang Luoli to come out.

Mo Shixiu had just called her and spoke so harshly.

Madam Mo knew her son well.

Her two sons had very similar personalities. Once they decided on something, whether it was a person or an object, it was hard to change their minds.

Both of them were stubborn.

Hence, Mo Shixiu obviously wouldn’t listen to her.

Not only did he not listen to her, he even said that he wanted to break off their mother-son relationship.

Madam Mo felt a little regretful.

She felt that she was too impulsive this time.

She was really angered by Mo Shixiu’s withdrawal from the election. At that time, she didn’t think about anything and rushed over with her people.

Now that Jiang Luoli was hiding in the study, no one else could enter.

How was she going to get Mo Shixiu back later?

Jiang Luoli didn’t say a word.

Madam Mo was anxious and said fiercely, “Jiang Luoli, if you don’t come out, I’ll get someone to arrest your parents and brother immediately.”

No sound came from the study.

Madam Mo was really anxious.