Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2301: She Was a Little Afraid of Facing Others

Jiang Luoli looked at him and smiled sweetly. “I wanted to see your attitude, and you showed me.”

Mo Shixiu looked at her for a while and sighed softly. He looked a little defeated. “I just never thought that I wouldn’t be able to do such a simple thing. I even said that I would take good care of you and our child.”

“It’s not a conflict. It’s not important whether you know how to cook or not. It’s fine as long as you have the ability to earn money to support your family. With money, you can solve 99% of your daily problems.

“So, as long as you have the ability to earn money, it’s fine. The other additional life skills are bonus points. It doesn’t matter if you have them or not.”

Mo Shixiu smiled. “Mm, it’s not a problem to earn money. It’s enough for our family to live a good life.”

Sister Lin walked over unhappily.

“Mister, Young Madam.”

“Sister Lin, what’s the matter?” Mo Shixiu looked up at her.

“Yes.” Sister Lin nodded. “The old house called just now. They said to get Mister and Young Madam to go back now. They said it’s urgent.”

Sister Lin had already guessed it.

The most important thing was probably about Mo Shixiu’s withdrawal from the election.

This was indeed an important matter.

Because of this, Madam Mo came here and caused a huge ruckus. In the end, it caused the relationship between mother and son to deteriorate.

She definitely wouldn’t accept it.

The entire Mo family had always been concerned about Mo Shixiu’s election. Since he dropped out, it was impossible for them not to ask about it.

Mo Shixiu and Jiang Luoli thought about it too.

Jiang Luoli looked uneasy.

Although Mo Shixiu repeatedly told her that he didn’t withdraw from the election because of her, she knew that it was mostly because of her.

Jiang Luoli wasn’t afraid of Madam Mo.

Because she didn’t care about her at all.

But she was afraid of facing others.

Mo Shixiu sensed her uneasiness and nervousness. He held her hand and said gently, “Don’t be afraid. Grandma and the rest will definitely ask about this. I’ll explain the reason to them.”

Jiang Luoli still looked uneasy. “Mo Shixiu, will Dad and Grandma blame me?”

Old Madam and Mo Yunchen treated her pretty well.

Jiang Luoli didn’t want them to hate her too.

“No.” Mo Shixiu comforted her. “Dad and Grandma are very reasonable people. As long as there’s a reasonable reason, they will accept it. In any case, you don’t have to be afraid. Don’t worry and come back with me. No one will make things difficult for you.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jiang Luoli felt uneasy.

But she had no choice.

No matter what happened later, she had to face it.

Mo Shixiu was with her.

She believed that he would protect her no matter what.

She nodded after a moment of hesitation. “Mm, let’s go back.”

…

At the Mo Residence.

Jiang Luoli walked into the hall with Mo Shixiu arm in arm and felt that the atmosphere was a little heavy.

She saw that Qiao Mianmian and Mo Yesi were there too.

Madam Mo was sitting beside Mo Yunchen. When she saw her, her face darkened and she glared at her.

“Old Madam, Young Master and Young Madam are back.” Uncle Zhang stood beside Old Madam.

Old Madam looked up.