Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2304: Don’t Interfere!

Old Madam then realized that Jiang Luoli’s face was a little swollen.

“Wenpei, is what Shixiu said true?” Old Madam’s expression darkened. “Why did you bring your bodyguards to his home? Even if you’re unhappy with Luoli, don’t you know that she’s pregnant now and can’t be touched!”

“Mom, I…” Madam Mo panicked and quickly explained, “Mom, you’ve misunderstood me. I didn’t do anything.”

“I misunderstood you?” Old Madam was furious. “Tell me, how did I misunderstand you? Do you mean that Shixiu is lying?”

“No.” Madam Mo’s expression was awful. “Mom, I did bring people over, but that’s because I wanted them to bring Jiang Luoli overseas. I don’t think it’s suitable to take care of her pregnancy in the country. It’s much better overseas.

“I did it for her own good.” Madam Mo lied. “She refused to cooperate and didn’t appreciate my kindness. I had no choice but to get someone to take her away. As for that slap…”

Madam Mo bit her lip and turned to glare at Jiang Luoli. “She deserves it! That slap was to teach her a lesson. Don’t interfere.

“Mom, shouldn’t I hit her?” Madam Mo looked confident. “She did something wrong. So what if I’m teaching her a lesson as an elder? When I did something wrong when I was young, didn’t you teach me a lesson as well? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Back then, you said that you have to be punished for doing something wrong. Am I wrong?”

Qiao Mianmian had long noticed the problem on Jiang Luoli’s face.

Initially, she hadn’t thought that she had been slapped.

After all, she felt that no matter how unhappy Madam Mo was with Jiang Luoli, she couldn’t possibly lay a hand on her now that she was pregnant.

She didn’t expect Madam Mo to slap her.

Qiao Mianmian couldn’t control her anger anymore.

She let go of Mo Yesi’s hand and walked towards Madam Mo under everyone’s shocked gazes.

Madam Mo was stunned. “Qiao Mianmian, what are you doing?”

“Mom, you know that Luoli is pregnant, but you still hit her. What’s your heart made of? How can you be so heartless? As an elder, it’s fine if you don’t love the younger generation, but Luoli is carrying Big Brother’s child, your future grandson. How can you hit her?

“You’re too much!”

Madam Mo was stunned.

A few seconds later, her expression darkened. “You want to defend Jiang Luoli? Qiao Mianmian, I’m your mother-in-law, your elder. What kind of attitude is this!

“This has nothing to do with you. Don’t interfere!”

But Qiao Mianmian wasn’t afraid of her at all.

Her heart ached at the thought of Jiang Luoli being slapped.

Her Luo Luo wasn’t very happy in her original family.

Now, she finally had someone who doted on her and pampered her. Her days were finally getting better, but she was wronged by Madam Mo.