Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2331: Shengsheng Will Be Fine With Him

Gu Sheng and Qin Mo had sent them a WeChat message when they arrived.

Under normal circumstances, they should have already reached the room.

But they had waited for almost 20 minutes, and there was still no one.

What were they doing?

“I just called Qin Mo, and he’s still on the phone. He didn’t reply to my WeChat messages. Shengsheng hasn’t picked up, either. This situation… isn’t normal.”

“It’s a little abnormal.”

“Why don’t we go look for them? Didn’t they say they were already here? Perhaps one of the waiters saw them.”

“Mm, then go out and search. Don’t let anything happen.”

After deciding on a course of action, they left the private room.

The group went downstairs and saw Qin Mo outside.

He stood by the street, looking in a certain direction.

“Qin Mo, so you’re here. I couldn’t contact you and Shengsheng just now and thought something had happened.” A few friends walked towards him and realized that Qin Mo’s face was pale.

“What’s wrong? Why do you look so awful? Also, where’s Shengsheng? Isn’t she with you?”

“Yes, Qin Mo. Where’s Shengsheng? I called her, but she didn’t pick up.”

Qin Mo tightened his grip on his cell phone and looked up.

Seeing a few friends, he grabbed one of their hands as if he had seen his savior. “Shengsheng has been taken away.”

“What? Shengsheng was taken away? What happened? Why was Shengsheng taken away? Did you call the police?”

“I called the police.” Qin Mo thought about the phone call and clenched his fists in anger. “But the police said that I must have made a mistake. They said that that person wouldn’t do that.”

“Who took Shengsheng away?”

“Bai Yusheng.”

“Bai Yusheng? Are you talking about that famous director, Bai Yusheng? The Young Master of the Bai family, one of the four great families in Yuncheng City?”

“It’s him!” Qin Mo’s face turned pale. “He took Shengsheng away by force. We have to find him now. Otherwise, if he does something to Shengsheng…” Thinking of the terrible consequences, Qin Mo didn’t finish his sentence, but his face turned even paler.

His friends were anxious when they heard that Gu Sheng had been abducted.

But after knowing that it was Bai Yusheng who took her away, everyone fell silent and revealed meaningful expressions.

Qin Mo furrowed his brows. “Why aren’t you guys saying anything? Shengsheng has already been captured. Aren’t you worried about her?”

“Erm…” One of them coughed. “Qin Mo, I think… we shouldn’t look for Shengsheng. Don’t worry, she’ll be fine.”

Gu Sheng was with Bai Yusheng, how could anything happen? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Why?” Qin Mo asked anxiously. “I don’t think Bai Yusheng is a good person.”

“Qin Mo, Bai Yusheng is Shengsheng’s teacher. Shengsheng will be fine with him.”

“I know. But Shengsheng…”

“Qin Mo, Shengsheng will be fine.” The few of them knew that Qin Mo liked Gu Sheng, so they couldn’t say it too clearly. Hence, they tactfully said, “Shengsheng and Bai Yusheng… Their relationship is a little complicated. They aren’t just teacher and student.”