Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2526: Untitled

She turned on the silent mode.

But the phone was still flashing.

Messages came one after another. Her cell phone seemed to be broken, and the screen kept flashing. The messages popped up one by one. In just a minute, she had received more than a hundred messages.

They were all scolding her.

Shen Rou trembled uncontrollably.

She was so angry that her face turned green, and she clenched her teeth tightly.

The screen kept flashing.

Messages kept arriving.

In less than 10 minutes, she received thousands of messages and hundreds of calls.

In a short period of time, too many messages and calls came, and her cell phone went dead.

This was the first time Shen Rou encountered online violence.

She didn’t expect it to be so scary.

They seemed to have gone crazy.

They were all cursing her to die.

The thousands of messages were all cursing her.

If her cell phone wasn’t dead, she would have received many more messages and calls.

“Qiao Mianmian, it must be you!” Shen Rou was angry and afraid. She clenched her teeth and slammed her cell phone on the desk. She swept all the documents to the ground and clenched her fists. “It must be you. Do you think you can defeat me like this?

“Do you think you’ve won?

“No, I won’t admit defeat!” She didn’t know if she was saying it for others or herself. “I definitely won’t lose to you, slut.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

How could she lose to Qiao Mianmian?!

She was about to win!

She wouldn’t admit defeat so easily!

But, but…

What should she do now?

What should she do to turn the situation around?

Qiao Mianmian’s evidence was too harsh. She couldn’t deny it even if she wanted to.

Was she going to admit defeat just like that?

Was she going to let that slut ride on her head again?

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Someone knocked on the door.

“Chairman Shen.”

The assistant’s voice came from outside.

“Come in,” Shen Rou replied impatiently.

The door opened and the assistant walked in.

“Chairman Shen…” The assistant frowned and quickly walked to her side.

Shen Rou looked up and said coldly, “Didn’t you go to the public relations department? Didn’t you say you were going to deal with this? Is this how you deal with it?

“I’m being scolded like a dog now, do you know that! Many people texted me and called me just now to scold me. My cell phone is dead.

“Is this how you do things?!”

She vented all her anger on the assistant.

Shocked, the assistant quickly lowered his head and replied, “Chairman Shen, we, we didn’t expect things to turn out this way. The public relations department is thinking of a way. Chairman Shen, don’t worry. We will find a way to resolve this.”

The assistant knew that Shen Rou was being scolded on Weibo.

Not only did the assistant know, the entire Shen Corporation knew.

After Shen Rou’s cell phone went dead, the netizens who had nowhere to vent their anger found the Shen Corporation’s front desk’s number and called it to scold her.