Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2551: Untitled

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Xiao Xin,” Father Shen called her.

“Dad, Mom, I’m sorry.” Shen Xin bit her lip and opened her mouth. “I won’t post on Weibo again. I won’t take responsibility for what I didn’t do.”

Madam Shen and Father Shen’s expressions changed.

Shen Rou’s expression was even worse.

“You all saw it, right? She can even abandon her family for a man. Alright, Shen Xin, since you’re giving up your family for your love, you’re no longer a Shen!

“Our Shen family doesn’t have a heartless ingrate like you!”

Shen Xin looked into Shen Rou’s eyes, which were filled with anger. She pursed her lips and kept quiet for a while before saying softly, “I’m not doing this for anyone. I just want to live up to my conscience. Sister, stop it. Don’t make any more mistakes.

“The Mo and Shen families became like this because of your obsession. Don’t you understand? No matter what you do, what doesn’t belong to you will never belong to you. Everything you do is meaningless.

“Why do you have to be obsessed with Brother Yesi? You’ve liked him for over 20 years, but he’s never been attracted to you. Don’t you understand? Love can’t be forced. Sister, let go. Don’t be stubborn, alright?”

Shen Xin’s eyes were moist and slightly red. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She still cared about Shen Rou.

She couldn’t bear to see her sister torture herself like this anymore.

“Sister, let Brother Yesi go. Free yourself.” Shen Xin choked.

Her sincere advice was met with a slap from Shen Rou.

This time, Shen Xin wasn’t prepared.

Shen Rou raised her hand and slapped her on the other cheek with all her might. Her fair and tender cheeks swelled up instantly, and five bright red finger marks appeared.

Shen Rou’s slap stung.

Her eyes were filled with anger and her expression was gloomy. She gritted her teeth and said, “What do you know, what do you know? You heartless ingrate! Get lost, get lost immediately. I don’t want to see you.”

“Since you’ve chosen to help Qiao Mianmian, you’re no longer my sister. I’d like to see if you can still be so stubborn without the Shen family’s protection!”

Shen Xin’s words made Shen Rou feel embarrassed.

It was as if she’d slapped her.

How could she tolerate it?

Her biological sister would rather help Qiao Mianmian than her.

This made Shen Rou even angrier.

She was such an ingrate!

Since she was loyal to Qiao Mianmian and her brother, she would fulfill her wish.

Shen Xin was stunned by this slap.

She could taste blood in her mouth.

Shen Rou was so angry that she didn’t even have the strength to slap her anymore. Her ears were still buzzing.

She couldn’t hear anything for a minute.

Her mind was blank.

When she recovered, she felt the burning pain on her cheek.