Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2554: Untitled

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Madam Shen looked worried as well. She sighed and said, “The Shen Corporation can’t be like before. Our Shen family really can’t take any more blows.”

Father Shen frowned. “I’ve talked with my old friends from the company. A large part of the reason for the Shen Corporation’s stock price turmoil is because of the Mo Corporation’s interference. Not only that, but the Mo Corporation has also cut off several of our collaborations.

“This had a huge impact on the Shen Corporation.”

“What, it’s the Mo Corporation again?” Madam Shen’s expression darkened. “The Mo family is too much. What’s this, adding insult to injury?”

“Old Master Shen and Old Master Mo have been friends for decades. Is this how his descendants treat our Shen family? Aren’t they afraid of retribution for their actions?”

Father Shen kept quiet for a while. “You can’t blame the Mo family for this.”

“Old Master, what are you saying? You’re actually speaking up for them?!” Madam Shen’s face was full of disbelief.

Father Shen sighed. “Rourou caused it first. Actually, Xiao Xin is right. If it wasn’t for her obsession with Mo Yesi and wanting to deal with Qiao Mianmian time and time again, our Shen family wouldn’t have suffered so much.

“I know a little about the two children of the Mo family. The two brothers are especially protective of their loved ones. Rourou slandered Mo Yesi’s wife on the Internet, so he definitely can’t pretend that nothing happened. With the Mo family’s current strength, it’s too easy to deal with our Shen family. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I told Rourou that we can’t afford to offend them. Our Shen family has to keep a low profile. We have to avoid anything related to the Mo and Gong families. But she didn’t listen to me.

“This time, not only did she offend the Mo family, but she also offended the Bai family.

“Our Shen family is in big trouble.” At this point, Father Shen sighed again. There was obvious worry in his eyes.

Madam Shen looked at his serious expression and was also affected by his emotions. Her eyes were filled with worry and fear. “Old Master, is-is it as serious as you say? Rourou only said a few words about her online. At most, we can just get her to apologize to Qiao Mianmian.

“The Mo and Shen families have been friends for a long time. They can’t be too harsh on us.

“As for the Bai family, I have some ties with Madam Bai. I can call her. I think she won’t be too petty.”

Father Shen turned to look at her and shook his head. His expression became even more serious. “It’s not as easy as you say. Do you know why the Shen family’s stock price suffered a huge blow and we almost went bankrupt?”

Madam Shen was stunned. “Why? Isn’t there a problem with our family?”

“There was a problem within the corporation, but it didn’t happen in just a day or two. No matter what, the stock price wouldn’t have fallen so badly. Later, I got someone to investigate. At that time, someone deliberately targeted the Shen Corporation.”

Madam Shen widened her eyes. “Someone is targeting us? Have you found out who it is?”

“If I’m not wrong, it should be related to the Bai family.”