Chapter 2566: Untitled

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Chairman Shen, can you tell us which company acquired the Shen Corporation?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

To be able to acquire the Shen Corporation and clean up the mess, it must be one of the largest companies.

There were only a few big companies in Yuncheng City.

They were the Yan, Bai, Gong, and Mo families.

And these families used to have ties with the Shen family.

The acquisition of the Shen Corporation was a good topic of discussion.

Father Shen was stunned.

“I’m sorry.” After a few seconds, he said with a stiff expression, “We’ve signed a confidentiality agreement. We can’t disclose it to anyone for now.”

Since it was a confidentiality agreement, the reporters knew that they wouldn’t be able to get anything out of him, so they didn’t continue asking.

The reporter changed the topic. “Many netizens are very concerned about Miss Shen Rou. If possible, can Chairman Shen tell everyone how Miss Shen is doing? This should be possible, right?”

Hearing the reporters mention Shen Rou, Father Shen’s eyes showed a hint of sadness.

He was silent for a long time.

When he spoke again, his voice sounded a lot hoarser and older. “Thank you for everyone’s concern. Rourou… has our family to take care of her now. Her emotions are rather stable.

“No matter what, we’ll take good care of her. Don’t worry about her.”

“Someone on Weibo said that Miss Shen’s brain was severely injured from the car accident, causing her intelligence to be affected. So, Miss Shen’s mind might be like a child’s now. Is this true?”

Father Shen’s expression stiffened and then darkened.

“I’m sorry, this is our family matter. I still have something on, so today’s interview will end here.”

With that, Father Shen turned around and left.

The interview ended here.

…

At the Mo Corporation.

In the President’s office.

Wei Zheng stood in front of the desk and reported respectfully. “Chairman Mo, the contract for the Shen Corporation has been drafted. Chairman Mo, please take a look again. If Chairman Mo thinks it’s alright, I’ll take it to the Shen Corporation for them to sign the contract later.”

On the black desk was a stack of freshly printed contracts.

Mo Yesi put down the document he was holding and flipped through the contract for a few minutes.

Wei Zheng stood at the side with his hands crossed, waiting for his superior’s order.

A moment later.

Mo Yesi finished reading the contract and placed it back on the table. He said calmly, “There’s no problem with the contract. Bring your men to the Shen Corporation to sign the contract.”

“Yes, Chairman Mo. I’ll get it done right away.”

Wei Zheng picked up the contract and was about to leave the office.

“Wait.” Mo Yesi suddenly recalled something.

Wei Zheng stopped in his tracks and turned around. “Chairman Mo, do you have any other instructions?”

“Mm.” Mo Yesi rubbed his temple and looked down.

Wei Zheng thought that he had something important to tell him. He immediately perked up his ears and waited for him to speak.

Unexpectedly, Mo Yesi said, “When you’re back, go to the dessert shop called ‘Peach Taste’ on Huainan Road. Young Madam’s favorite desserts are from that shop. Buy some of each dessert..”