Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2666 Â I Protect Those I Care About

Madam Shen was stunned.

She suddenly recalled that the Shen Corporation had been acquired by the Mo Corporation.

Her husband was still working at the Shen Corporation. Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

No, he was working at the Mo Corporation.

Mo Yesi gave Father Shen a project manager position. The Shen family now lived on Father Shen's monthly salary.

Although Father Shen's monthly salary was nothing to the Shen family in the past, for the bankrupt Shen family, it was enough to keep them fed.

They wouldn't end up sleeping on the streets.

Moreover, the Shen Residence was protected.

They didn't have to worry about a place to stay.

However, life was much more frugal than before.

But compared to those who couldn't even afford to eat after bankruptcy and were in debt, the Shen family's current situation was already considered good.

And the reason why they were doing well had a lot to do with the Mo family.

Although Madam Shen scolded them for being heartless and harming the Shen family, she knew in her heart that if it wasn't for the Mo family, they would be living a terrible life.

Thinking of this, Madam Shen's expression stiffened and she was speechless.

Mo Yesi sneered.

"Since Madam Shen is aware of your family's current situation, you'd better be polite when you talk to my wife in the future. I protect those I care about. I don't like to see people around me being bullied. If anyone makes the person I care about suffer, I can do anything.

"So, Madam Shen has to be careful with her words. You have to know what to say and what not to say in the future."

Madam Shen's expression stiffened.

She was furious.

But when she met Mo Yesi's cold and deep eyes, her tongue felt as if it was knotted, and she couldn't say anything.

She was frightened.

Mo Yesi looked at Madam Shen's defeated expression and retracted his gaze coldly.

If it wasn't for Old Madam's plea, he wouldn't have acquired the Shen Corporation.

However, he had no intention of letting the Shen family continue meddling in the Shen Corporation.

Without the Mo Corporation's acquisition, the Shen family wouldn't only face bankruptcy, but also billions of yuan worth of debt.

If they didn't pay up, all the properties under their name would be used to repay their debts.

Including the residence they were living in now, as well as their cars.

That was what it meant to have nothing.

The Shen family would end up sleeping on the streets.

Mo Yesi had seen too many people commit suicide because of their company's bankruptcy.

It was also because of this that the Shen family was considered lucky.

But they obviously didn't think so.

At least Madam Shen still hated the Mo family for not helping them before. She felt that everything that happened to them was because of the Mo family.

Mo Yesi found Madam Shen extremely foolish.

He had reached his limit.

If Madam Shen continued to be so confused, he wouldn't mind teaching her how to recognize reality.

Thankfully, Madam Shen wasn't hopelessly stupid.

She should know by now.

Mo Yesi ignored her and turned to Shen Rou, who kept calling him "Brother Yesi".