Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 686: I Must Rely On You

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Aren’t you going back today?” Qiao Mianmian looked at the time and asked softly.

Mo Yesi stopped in his tracks.

He turned around and smiled. “Baby, do you want me to go back?”

“Me?”

Qiao Mianmian looked up and met his deep and charming eyes. Her heart thumped wildly. After a moment of silence, she bit her lip and said softly, “Of course, I hope you can stay. But don’t you have a lot of things to attend to at the office?

“Wouldn’t it be bad if you don’t go back?”

The man’s low and sexy laughter came from above.

Qiao Mianmian blinked and glared at him. “What are you laughing at?”

Mo Yesi rubbed her head. “Baby, you just have to tell me if you want me to stay. If you want, I’ll stay. If you want me to go back, I’ll go back.

“I’ll listen to you.

“You don’t have to bother about anything else.”

Qiao Mianmian hesitated for a while before deciding to follow her heart. “Then... you can stay.”

In any case, he already said that he wasn’t worried about his company anymore. What was she worrying about?

She didn’t force him to stay.

Mo Yesi chuckled again. He squeezed her fingers one by one and interlocked his fingers with hers. “Alright, I’ll stay.”

Qiao Mianmian couldn’t help but smile and tighten her grip on him. “You said it yourself, I didn’t force you. If you delay your company’s matters because of me, I won’t take responsibility.

“Don’t blame me when the time comes.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Mm, it’s not your fault,” Mo Yesi said gently. “I was the one who insisted on sticking to you. You’re helpless because of me.”

“Mm, it’s good that you know.” Qiao Mianmian held back her laughter. “Yes, that’s right, you were the one who insisted on clinging onto me.”

The night was dark.

The night in City F.

Qiao Mianmian didn’t want to return to the hotel just like that. She held Mo Yesi’s hand as they walked down the stairs. When he unlocked the car and was about to get into it, she tugged on his arm lightly.

Mo Yesi turned around and raised an eyebrow. “Mm?”

Qiao Mianmian pursed her lips and said, “I just ate, my stomach is so full. Let’s take a walk.”

To be honest, she didn’t want to go back right now. On one hand, it was too boring to return to the hotel after having a meal.

He specially came to City F.

She still wanted to walk around with him.

On the other hand, she was a little afraid...

She was afraid that Mo Yesi would do something like that the moment she returned.

The night before they left Yuncheng City, he held her hand for almost two whole hours. Her legs went weak at the thought of it.

If she went back too early, this man might...

She didn’t want her legs to keep shaking when she was filming tomorrow.

“You want to take a walk?” Mo Yesi stopped in his tracks.

Qiao Mianmian nodded. “Mm, I just finished eating, let’s go for a walk. Don’t you think the moonlight tonight is beautiful?”

Mo Yesi was speechless.

There was no moon tonight.

Forget it, he’d better not expose her.

Since she wanted to take a walk, he would accompany her.

“Alright, I’ll walk with you. Wait a moment.” Mo Yesi let go of her and walked to the backseat. He opened the door and took out a black coat.