Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 71: As If Hades Was Staring at Her

Qiao Mianmian blushed again.

She didn’t know why she blushed so easily each time she was with Mo Yesi.

She would turn red whenever he teased her.

The discussions nearby were still ongoing.

Shen Yueyue and Zhao Wanting were still held by the bodyguards and were in utter disbelief.

Then, a look of jealousy and hatred took over.

They had thought that it was Su Ze who got the men over.

But now it was evidently not the case.

Those men in black had been brought here by this man with an imposing presence.

Nobody knew who he was, but he was obviously someone rich and powerful.

That sort of domineering presence had everyone admire and respect him from their first glance. Most ordinary people weren’t capable of this.

Only people used to giving orders would have such an aura.

Shen Yueyue eyed him.

She saw the watch Mo Yesi was wearing on his wrist.

She was even more jealous now.

That was the sort of watch she saw at luxury goods exhibitions.

It was a limited edition watch and cost more than five million yuan.

Moreover, only those of high enough status could get it.

There were only three in the entire world.

In other words, Su Ze would never be able to get it.

So... this man was even more influential than Su Ze?

But why was his face so unfamiliar?

If he was especially influential and powerful, how could she not have seen him before?

What Shen Yueyue did not know was that Mo Yesi had been overseas for a long time and only came back recently.

As he preferred keeping a low profile, he usually did not reveal his identity to outsiders. Hence, local news about him were few and far between.

The vast majority of people had no idea who he was.

Even so, Shen Yueyue was still envious.

How could a slut like Qiao Mianmian get increasingly outstanding men?

Being with Su Ze already made everyone envious of her, how could this man who was so many times better than Su Ze suddenly appear?

Slut!

All the men in the world were going to be seduced by her! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Why couldn’t this slut just die!

When Shen Yueyue looked at Qiao Mianmian with hatred, Mo Yesi turned to look at her coldly.

Shen Yueyue felt a chill down her spine.

One that she couldn’t control.

It was as if Hades was staring at her.

She began trembling uncontrollably as if she was surrounded by huge blocks of ice.

Her legs shook and almost gave way.

The man hadn’t even said anything. All he did was glare at her for a few seconds and then turn away.

But these few seconds made her feel like she had been to hell and back.

Cold sweat began forming on Shen Yueyue’s forehead.

“You’re Mianmian’s good friend?” Mo Yesi turned his gaze to Jiang Luoli, who was still in shock.