Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 860: I Promise You’ll Be Satisfied

Qiao Mianmian wanted to ask where they were going.

But Bai Yusheng took out his cell phone and made a call the moment he left the private room.

Qiao Mianmian followed behind him and heard him say to the person on the phone, “I think I’ve found the soul singer you’ve been looking for.

“Mm, I’ll bring her to see you now.

“I promise you’ll be satisfied.”

Bai Yusheng hung up.

Qiao Mianmian was speechless.

Was she the person he was talking about?

Was he taking her to meet his friends?

Curious, she couldn’t help but ask, “Brother Bai, where are we going now?”

Bai Yusheng only realized that she was following him after he picked up the call. He stopped in his tracks and only walked forward slowly when she caught up with him.

“We’re meeting a friend of mine. He’s a very famous musician. In the past, his works were always very popular. He has also made a lot of the so-called Heavenly Kings and Queens popular. Most of them have left the industry, and it’s very difficult for him to find newbies that suit his tastes.

“So, he’s probably in the middle of a retreat. He’s been looking for a suitable newbie to create a new album. He put a lot of effort into it.

“The new album is almost done, but the voice he wants hasn’t been found yet.”

Qiao Mianmian listened for a while and slowly understood.

She pointed at herself. “Brother Bai, do you think I’m the newbie that suits him?”

“Mm, I heard your voice just now. I believe he’ll be satisfied.”

“Brother Bai, thank you for giving me so many opportunities. But can I ask, who is your friend?” Qiao Mianmian was curious about this.

He made so many Heavenly Kings and Queens popular in the early stages?

He must be an impressive musician.

She could already guess a name, but she wasn’t sure.

Because the person she guessed was too awesome.

She couldn’t believe it was him.

Bai Yusheng said calmly, “Mo Nan.”

“Cough, cough, cough.”

Qiao Mianmian choked and started coughing.

She coughed until her face was red and her eyes widened in disbelief.

It was really Mo Nan. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

How could it be him?

Mo Nan was known as the “Godfather of Music” in the music industry. He was the one who single-handedly groomed several Heavenly Kings and Queens.

Those were the real kings and queens.

But in front of Mo Nan, they had to address him as a teacher.

It could be said that Mo Nan was the one who composed those classic songs in the early days.

He must be a legend in the music industry.

And Bai Yusheng actually wanted to bring her to meet such an impressive figure. Qiao Mianmian felt like she was dreaming.

It didn’t feel real at all.

“Are you alright?” Bai Yusheng patted her back and smiled. “You’re that agitated?”

Qiao Mianmian stopped coughing, but she still looked incredulous. “You’re really bringing me to see Mo Nan? The Mo Nan who made Sun Fei and Zhou Yun popular?”

Bai Yusheng nodded. “Who else could it be besides him?”