Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 867: Don’t Be So Indecent

Her career wasn’t improving at all, it wouldn’t be good if she revealed her relationship now.

He wasn’t surprised that Qiao Mianmian chose to hide her relationship. He was just surprised that Mo Yesi would agree to it.

It was obvious that he really liked Qiao Mianmian.

That was why he was willing to compromise.

Qiao Mianmian had more or less guessed Bai Yusheng’s intention when he said she was his cousin. Now that he said it, it was exactly as she’d guessed.

She was even more touched.

She couldn’t help but think about how nice it would be if Bai Yusheng was her brother.

Being his sister was definitely a blissful thing.

...

Bai Yusheng sent Qiao Mianmian back to the hotel.

They bid each other goodnight and then parted ways.

When she reached her floor, Qiao Mianmian took out her room card. Just as she opened the door and was about to enter, a black figure appeared in front of her.

She was about to scream when she heard a familiar voice. “It’s me.”

Qiao Mianmian widened her eyes in shock and looked up at the man hugging her. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Mo Yesi...

Why did he come to City F?

A familiar scent entered her nose and confirmed his identity.

The card wasn’t inserted, and the lights in the room weren’t turned on. It was dark all around.

Her racing heart slowly calmed down.

“Mo Yesi, why are you here?”

He didn’t even inform her that he was coming.

Not only did he not tell her, he even waited for her in the room without turning on the lights...

She was scared to death.

The man took a whiff of her hair and whispered, “Are you unhappy that I’m here?”

“... No.”

“Isn’t it good to give you a surprise?”

“... Pretty good.”

It was just that she wasn’t surprised, but shocked.

His way of surprising her... was a little too special.

The timid ones might really faint.

Of course, Qiao Mianmian was only complaining in her heart.

If she said it, it would definitely affect someone’s enthusiasm.

“I’m hungry.”

A slightly aggrieved voice rang out above Qiao Mianmian’s head again. The man’s voice was low, sexy, and magnetic. This voice sounded a little aggrieved as if he was being coquettish. It softened her heart.

“You didn’t have dinner?”

Qiao Mianmian knew that he definitely didn’t have anything to eat.

He must have rushed to the airport after work.

The plane’s meal was organic, but someone as picky as him definitely wouldn’t eat it.

Qiao Mianmian’s heart softened even more at the thought of him coming to her hungry.

She reached out to touch his face and couldn’t help but soften her tone. “Then, I’ll accompany you to eat now, alright?”

Mo Yesi buried his head in her neck. “I don’t want to eat.”

Qiao Mianmian pushed him away. “Didn’t you say you were hungry? Let’s go eat first.”

“I don’t want to eat.” Mo Yesi leaned over again and took a deep breath. “Baby, can I eat you first? Then, I’ll eat.”

Qiao Mianmian was speechless.

She blushed and punched his chest in embarrassment. “Don’t be so indecent. I’ll ignore you if you continue like this.”

“Alright.”

Mo Yesi then let go of her and said, “I’m going to eat. But Baby, can I really not eat you first?”