Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 904: I’m Going to Meet Someone

Qiao Mianmian was speechless.

She sighed.

Forget it. Since he was so confident, he must have made preparations beforehand.

She should have some confidence in him.

For now... she would trust him.

Qiao Mianmian didn’t have high expectations for Mo Yesi, and she didn’t expect him to have any talent in cooking.

She didn’t ask for much.

As long as it wasn’t too bad, she was fine with it.

She was happy that he didn’t want her help.

...

Qiao Mianmian returned to the living room and looked at the coffee table. Sure enough, there were all sorts of snacks placed on it.

All her favorite foods.

She opened a bag of nuts and sat on the sofa with her legs crossed. She took out her cell phone and sent Jiang Luoli a message: [Luo Luo, what are you doing?]

Jiang Luoli was probably playing with her cell phone too as she replied quickly: [Mianmian, what should I do? I’m a little nervous.]

Qiao Mianmian: [What are you nervous about? Luo Luo, what exactly are you doing?]

Jiang Luoli: [I-I’m going to meet someone.]

Qiao Mianmian: [Who?]

Jiang Luoli: [That person.]

Qiao Mianmian was confused.

Jiang Luoli: [That ugly man with terrible looks and skills!]

Qiao Mianmian was shocked when she saw the reply. [You’re going to see him? Why are you going to see him? Didn’t he say that it was inconvenient for him to see you, so he got his assistant to look for you? You’ve already seen him?]

After a while, Jiang Luoli replied: [I also thought that our relationship should have ended that day, but his assistant came to look for me again today. He said that he wanted to see me and asked if I was willing to meet him. He also said that he wanted to talk to me face to face. After thinking about it, I felt that it was alright to meet him. So...]

Qiao Mianmian: [Then... you agreed?]

Jiang Luoli: [Mm. Mianmian, if it was you, wouldn’t you be curious about that person and want to know what he looks like? I didn’t want to have anything to do with him, but I really want to know what he looks like. Whether he’s ugly or not... I want to know.]

Qiao Mianmian kept quiet.

Indeed, after what happened, any girl would want to know what the man who took her virginity looked like.

No matter how carefree Jiang Luoli was, she was still a normal girl.

She was definitely curious about the man she had a special relationship with.

Qiao Mianmian could understand why she agreed to meet him.

But if it was her, would she want to know who that man was? Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

She should have wanted to know before.

But now... she didn’t want to know anymore.

She hoped that what happened that night was just a dream.

A ridiculous dream.

When she woke up, everything in the dream had nothing to do with her anymore.

She didn’t want to have anything to do with that man anymore.

She was very satisfied with her current life.

She didn’t want... anything to change because of what happened that night.

But when she thought about that night, she still felt a ripple in her heart. Those scenes that she wanted to forget would still appear clearly in her mind.

That man...

She didn’t know what he looked like.

But she could feel that he was a very domineering and powerful man.

While she was silent, Jiang Luoli sent another message: [Baby, I’m here. Let’s not talk anymore, I’ll call you later.]