Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 935: He Had No Chance of Winning

Mo Yesi could tell that he was testing her.

He looked at the young love rival in front of him who was a few years younger than him. He smiled and said, “Mm, it does have something to do with me. I work at the Mo Corporation.”

Tu Yilei was stunned again. He looked at him differently and said, “Mr. Mo’s surname is Mo, and he works in the Mo Corporation. I wonder if Mr. Mo is related to the Mo family?”

“Sort of,” Mo Yesi said calmly.

Tu Yilei’s eyes flickered. He wanted to ask more, but he felt that it wasn’t appropriate to continue in this situation.

Mo Yesi didn’t elaborate on his relationship with the Mo family.

Since he didn’t go into detail, he probably didn’t want anyone to know his true identity.

If he continued to ask, it would only make him look bad.

But even if he didn’t say it in detail, Tu Yilei more or less guessed it.

No matter what his true identity was, since he admitted that he was a member of the Mo family, his identity must be extraordinary.

He was definitely close to the most prominent Mo family in Yuncheng City.

Even if his family background wasn’t as prominent as the Mo family’s, his was still a prestigious family that most people looked up to.

No wonder he felt that this man was different from ordinary people the first time he saw him.

Even the sons of rich families didn’t have such confidence.

But it wouldn’t be strange if he was from the Mo family.

The Mo family was a prestigious family with hundreds of years of history. Even though they were just relatives, their manners and mannerisms were incomparable.

No wonder Huang Yilin’s scandals couldn’t be suppressed.

Now that the Mo family had taken action, who else could suppress the news?

Who would have the guts to go against the Mo family?

Tu Yilei had long guessed that Mo Yesi’s identity was extraordinary.

But after knowing that he was really from the Mo family, he suddenly realized that he couldn’t compare to this man in any way.

He was from the Mo family and had a high status.

As for him...

No matter how good their profession was to ordinary people, or how much money they made, it was still an unpopular profession in the eyes of the rich and powerful.

In ancient times, they were just lowly actors.

Although the situation was much better now, to these people of high society, they were still lowly actors.

He was a despised existence. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Any other woman would choose Mo Yesi over him.

Moreover, he wasn’t just born with a good background. Not many people could compare to him in terms of looks and temperament.

At this moment, Tu Yilei clearly felt the gap between him and Mo Yesi, and his heart sank.

Before this, he’d thought that he had a chance of winning, but now, he’d completely dispelled that thought.

What could he use to compete with someone better than him in every aspect?

If he was Qiao Mianmian, he would have chosen Mo Yesi too.

Tu Yilei couldn’t help but feel down. He looked up at the couple who looked so compatible.

He really wanted to give up at this moment.

He felt that he had no chance of winning.

His love rival was too powerful.