Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 956: I Want to See All the Negative News Disappear

Wei Zheng used Weibo more often and had a better understanding of the users.

Tu Yilei’s fans were mostly younger. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

These fans were impulsive and often said things without thinking.

Talking about beating someone and whatnot, it was most likely just a joke.

Wei Zheng felt that there was no need to take it seriously.

But Mo Yesi took it for real. “Immediately find out who these people are. I want to know everything about them.”

“Yes, Chairman Mo. What about after we find the information?” Wei Zheng silently mourned for that group of people. Once Chairman Mo decided to take action, they... would be in trouble.

Hence, most of the time, it was true that it felt good for a while, but it was also possible to pay a terrible price for it.

They couldn’t just get high.

For example, someone like Young Madam, who had such a powerful husband, wouldn’t even know how to spell death.

“I found some information.” Mo Yesi narrowed his eyes. “Let them have a taste of their own medicine. I don’t think I need to teach you what to do.”

Wei Zheng quickly understood.

He replied respectfully, “Yes, Chairman Mo. I’ll get it done right away.”

“What about Young Madam?”

“Take it off immediately.”

“Yes. But I’m afraid that if we change the topic, there will be a new one soon.” Wei Zheng thought for a while and said, “I’ve already checked. The news this time was premeditated. It was targeted at Young Madam.

“The hot searches went up very quickly, and many so-called insiders came out to expose the news at the same time. The content was very unfavorable for Young Madam. Now, Tu Yilei’s fans think that Young Madam didn’t care about Tu Yilei after he was injured, and said that she was heartless.

“This is because someone who claimed to be a nurse at the hospital said that Young Madam didn’t visit Tu Yilei.

“This incident caused his fans to be very unhappy.

“Now, all of his fans have left comments on Huan Yu’s official Weibo account, asking Huan Yu to fire Young Madam. Otherwise, they will boycott all of Young Madam’s movies, dramas, and commercials.”

Mo Yesi’s handsome face seemed to be covered with a layer of frost, and his voice seemed to be covered with a layer of ice. “What did Huan Yu say?”

“Huan Yu hasn’t responded yet.”

“Investigate.” Mo Yesi pursed his lips and said coldly, “Find out who the mastermind is. I don’t care what method you use, I want to see all the negative news disappear within an hour.”

“Yes, Chairman Mo!”

“Also, if anyone dares to spread negative news about Young Madam, send a lawyer’s letter to them.”

“Yes, Chairman Mo! But...”

“Do you have any questions?”

Wei Zheng hesitated for a while before asking, “Chairman Mo, are we sending the lawyer’s letter in the name of the Mo Corporation? If so, what would people say if they speculate about Young Madam’s relationship with the Mo Corporation?”

Wei Zheng hesitated for a few seconds before continuing, “Someone on Weibo is saying that Young Madam has a sugar daddy. If we send a lawyer’s letter in the name of the Mo Corporation...”

Some netizens would surely say that Qiao Mianmian’s sugar daddy was a high-level employee of the Mo Corporation.