Chapter 969: He Had Already Seen What Your Essence Was Like

His words angered Shen Rou.

She looked up at him with hatred in her eyes. “You want me to stop? That slut took everything from me, and you want me to stop?

“Do you know how much I hate her now?”

“You...” Gong Zeli frowned.

“I can’t wait for her to die!” Shen Rou’s rationality was consumed by hatred, and the expression on her face was terrifying. “I won’t let her off. She doesn’t deserve the happiness she has now. She took away everything that originally belonged to me. She made me suffer every day, and I won’t let her have it easy.”

“She didn’t steal anything from you. It was Ah Si who decided to be with her and marry her. What has this got to do with her?” Gong Zeli’s expression turned cold as he looked at her.

He didn’t care about their past relationship anymore. “If you insist on targeting her, I won’t stand by and do nothing. Shen Rou, even if we can’t be friends anymore, I don’t want us to become enemies in the future.

“Don’t force me.”

Shen Rou looked at him in disbelief. After staring at him for a while with a pale face, she smiled mockingly and said, “Gong Zeli, you’ve said so many dignified words previously. Now, you’ve finally revealed your true feelings.

“You’re such a hypocrite. You could’ve just said that you’ve fallen for that slut. Why did you have to come up with so many excuses for your change of heart?

“Ha, all men are the same.”

Gong Zeli’s expression darkened. “This is Young Lady Shen’s true upbringing and etiquette. I’ve learned it for myself. As expected, how could you be the person who saved me that night? How could a beautiful and angelic girl like her be like you?

“I was indeed blind in the past. Otherwise, why would I recognize you as the same person?

“She’s so beautiful, but you...”

Gong Zeli looked disgusted for the first time. “Do you know why Ah Si doesn’t like you?”

Shen Rou turned pale and clenched her teeth. “Gong Zeli, you...”

Gong Zeli looked at her in disgust and turned around. “I think he’s smarter than me. He saw through you a long time ago. I’m the only one who’s been fooled by you for so many years.”

The moment he said that Shen Rou’s face went pale.

With that, Gong Zeli turned around and left.

...

Huan Yu Media.

Linda was working outside when Zhao Kai called her back.

She knocked on the door and entered.

As she entered the office, she saw Zhao Kai walking towards her anxiously. “Linda, have you told her about the company’s contract termination?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Linda looked at him in confusion. “I did. Didn’t you ask me to do that? Chairman Zhao, I know we can’t afford to offend Young Lady Shen, and you hope that the company can terminate the contract with Qiao Mianmian as soon as possible. But there’s no need to be so anxious.

“If you terminate the contract a day later, will Young Lady Shen eat you up?”