Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1212 - Your End

“Roar~~~~~~”

Suddenly, a loud hiss that made the entire world tremble made the crowd notice that huge monsters had actually appeared at the location that Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen were at. It was a fire phoenix and an ice dragon.

Chu Feng was the ice dragon and Bai Ruochen was the fire phoenix. Even though Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen’s bodies could clearly be seen in the heads of the dragon and phoenix, the dragon and phoenix appeared extremely vivid and lifelike.

The ice dragon and the fire phoenix were not only lifelike in form, appearing as if they were truly the divine beasts from the legends, even their auras were extraordinary, making them seem even more real.

Chu Feng was one with the ice dragon, whereas the fire phoenix was one with Bai Ruochen. It was not that they had turned into a dragon or phoenix. Instead, they had only obtained the power of the dragon and the phoenix.

“Aouu~~~~~~~~~~”

Suddenly, the dragon and phoenix bellowed once again. As the sound echoed through the air, it appeared to be ripping heaven and earth apart. It was as if just a single snarl was capable of destroying everything.

After that snarl, the dragon and phoenix suddenly started to move together, twisting against one another. While it appeared as if they were fighting, they were actually not fighting. Their dance was both domineering and beautiful. Most importantly, as the dragon and phoenix danced, black clouds filled with flickering lightning emerged in the skies.

However, what was most frightening was that layers upon layers of energy ripples formed from flames and ice were originating from them and sweeping toward Wang Haoxuan and the other nine Three Cyanwood Forests Division head’s Ghost Soldiers Killing Formation. Each and every energy ripple was stronger and more vicious than the last.

“What is that? What exactly is that?”

As they saw the energy ripples that were sweeping toward them, the expressions on Wang Haoxuan and the others’ faces changed greatly, and their complexions turned as pale as paper. That was because they were able to sense how powerful the energy that was sweeping toward them was; it was something that they were simply incapable of stopping.

However, as things had reached this point, they had no choice but to fight with their all.

“Aouu~~~~~”

With all their effort poured in, more and more ghost soldiers began to fly out of the gate. As if they understood their masters’ intentions, the ghost soldiers started to emit chilling snarls. Their appearances were like that of soldiers who were planning to risk their lives to fight, it was truly a terrifying display of might.

However, it was all useless, as what Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen were using was the Dragon and Phoenix Dancing in the Skies. Even though the Ghost Soldiers Killing Formation was very powerful, before the Dragon and Phoenix Dancing in the Skies, it remained only something that would be destroyed.

“Rumble~~” Sure enough, the ice dragon and the fire phoenix were unstoppable. As fire and ice ran through the skies, sweeping across the horizon, there was nothing that could stop them. Even though there were countless ghost soldiers, they were doomed to turn into dust without being able to fight back at all.

In the blink of an eye, the ice dragon and fire phoenix arrived. Not only did they slaughter through all of the ghost soldiers, they also entered the Three Cyanwood Forests Division’s army.

“Ahhh~~~~~~~”

In an instant, chaos filled the army of tens of thousands. The members of the Three Cyanwood Forests Division could only allow themselves to be pulled into the skies and spun around by the hurricane created by the ice dragon and the fire phoenix. Screams were being heard nonstop. As for Wang Haoxuan and the other nine heads, they were no exception.

“What, what is this? How could it be this frightening?”

“Truly too frightening. What sort of formation did Chu Feng and junior sister Ruochen set up for it to actually be even more powerful than the Ghost Soldiers Killing Formation.” As they watched the ice dragon and fire phoenix that were dancing in the skies and wreaking havoc over the world, not to mention Long Chenfu, even Long Chenyi was stunned. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“If my guess is correct, that should be a lost supreme skill.” Right at this moment, space started to twist, and an aged figure appeared. This person walked over to Long Chenyi and the others. It turned out that it was actually an elder from the Ascension Sect.

“A lost supreme skill? What is that?” Long Chenyi and the others asked.

“Back then, the ancestor of the Southern Cyanwood Forest and our Ascension Sect’s ancestor grasped a supreme skill. That supreme skill was an Earthen Taboo Martial Skill. Yet, it was extremely difficult to learn. Furthermore, even if one were to master it, it required two people to coordinate with one another in order to use it.”

“Back then, the Southern Cyanwood Forest’s ancestor and our Ascension Sect’s ancestor used that supreme skill to become renowned all over the world,” said that Ascension Sect’s elder.

“What? It’s actually a supreme skill that had been lost for several thousand years? Elder, are you certain of it?” Long Chenyi and the others asked in shock.

“Although very few people know about this Martial Skill right now, I know of its name. It is called Dragon and Phoenix Dancing in the Skies.”

“As for the Martial Skill that Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen are using right now, regardless of its might or its form, it is simply too similar to that Martial Skill. When we take into consideration their status, I believe that what they are using is most definitely Dragon and Phoenix Dancing in the Skies,” said that Ascension Sect’s elder.

“Those two actually managed to master the lost supreme skill of our ancestor.” When they saw how certain that elder was, the expressions on Long Chenyi and the others’ faces became very complicated.

The ancestors of the Southern Cyanwood Forest and the Ascension Sect were grand characters who had shocked the entire Cyanwood Domain.

For Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen to have mastered their supreme skill, what did this signify? This signified that their talents were truly frightening. At the very least, it was something that none of them could compare with.

However, at the moment when they turned their gazes back to Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen, the complicated expressions on their faces became even more brilliant.

“Wuuwaa~~~~”

At this moment, Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen, with their Dragon and Phoenix Dancing in the Skies, were so powerful that they could bring about clouds and rain merely by raising their hands. The tens of thousands of members of the Three Cyanwood Forests Division were like frail leaves being blown about by the hurricane caused by the ice dragon and fire phoenix, powerless to resist.

Finally, Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen ceased their attacks. At the moment when they stopped, the members of the Three Cyanwood Forests Division all dropped from the skies like wilted leaves and then smashed onto the ground.

It was not that those Three Cyanwood Forests Division’s members didn’t want to land on the ground steadily, it was just that they no longer had the strength to do so anymore. Even though Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen did not have the intent to kill any of them, they still greatly tormented the members of the Three Cyanwood Forests Division, leaving each and every one of them with cuts and bruises all over.

“Heavens, this is truly unimaginable! The Asura Division actually managed to defeat the entire Three Cyanwood Forests Division with only two people. Is this the gap between demon-level characters and ordinary people?”

“Sure enough, one cannot measure the strength of cultivators with numbers. In the end, what matters the most is still their strength.”

At this moment, everyone was shocked beyond belief. Each and every one of them managed to sense how powerful Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen were, how frightening his Asura Division was.

“Ta~~~” [1.stepping sfx.]

At the moment when the crowd was shocked by how powerful Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen were, Chu Feng suddenly descended from the sky and ruthlessly stepped on Wang Haoxuan’s body with one foot.

Chu Feng’s step caused Wang Haoxuan to vomit blood out of his mouth. As for his body, cracking sounds were being emitted from it. All of his bones were shattered. However, it was clear that Chu Feng was not willing to let him go with only that. He raised the Demon Sealing Sword in his hand and looked toward the crowd from all different branch power organizations that currently covered the skies.

With an ice-cold expression, he loudly said, “All of you, listen carefully. Regardless of what sort of status you possess, regardless of what sort of cultivation you possess.”

“If you disapprove of me, Chu Feng, it is fine to come and find me directly. However, you must not bully the members of my Asura Division.”

“If any of you are to dare to humiliate and bully someone of my Asura Division, then you shall be the next Wang Haoxuan.”

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng abruptly waved the Demon Sealing Sword in his hand. With a ‘puchi’ sound, it pierced into Wang Haoxuan’s body.

At this moment, absolute silence covered the pace. The only thing that one could hear was Wang Haoxuan’s miserable cries.