Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1217 - Don’t Lose Too Miserably

Elder Zhou’s eyes started to flicker. He, who was astute and circumspect, was able to tell that there was indirect meaning behind Chu Feng’s words. Thus, after a moment of contemplation, he said, “We are all in the Cyanwood Mountain. Thus, we are naturally a family.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Since we’re a family, there shouldn’t be a need to bicker about all this. Could it be that having one’s family member go and broaden their horizons, and receive a chance to increase their strength, is not a good thing?” Chu Feng asked once more. His words were extremely sly. Yet, he still had a smile on his face as he spoke those words.

“This...” Hearing those words, Zhou Quan’s expression changed. He was speechless as to how to reply. However, he was feeling extremely suffocated in his heart.

It was no wonder that he was speechless as to how to reply. That was because he had unknowingly fallen into Chu Feng’s trap. As he had already fallen into the trap, what more could he say?

All that could be said was that Chu Feng had given Elder Zhou Quan a slap to the face and made it so that he could not say anything about Bai Ruochen’s identity. Furthermore, he would have to be ashamed of all the words he spoken earlier to continue make things difficult for Bai Ruochen.

“The two of you are Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen?” At this moment, Elder Hong Mo, who had had his eyes closed the entire time, opened his eyes. While he had questioned both Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen, his gaze was mostly on Chu Feng. Furthermore, his gaze was one of appreciation.

“Yes, elder.” Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen replied simultaneously.

“Truly talented individuals. The future of our Medicine Concocting Department will be placed in your hands.” Elder Hong Mo nodded with a smile on his face. He then stood up and said to the crowd. “Let’s go.”

The meaning behind Elder Hong Mo’s words was very clear; he was going to bring Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen along with them.

Thus, even though Elder Zhou Quan was unwilling, there was not much that he could say. All he could do was watch as Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen, two disciples he was not fond of, received this rare opportunity.

As if he had sensed what Elder Zhou Quan was thinking, Ye Qing sent him a voice transmission to guarantee himself, “Elder, please rest assured. I will prove myself with this opportunity and make Chu Feng, Elder Hong Mo and everyone know who exactly is the strongest disciple of the Medicine Concocting Department.”

Hearing Ye Qing’s words of civil strife, not only did Elder Zhou Quan not display any trace of displeasure, he also did not denounce him at all. Instead, he turned to Ye Qing and nodded with a smile.

Under Elder Hong Mo’s guidance, Chu Feng and the other elites of the Medicine Concocting Department majestically arrived at the Nine Spirits Paradise.

The Nine Spirits Paradise was an extremely beautiful place, like one from pictures. Even though it was not as vast as the Cyanwood Mountain, it possessed every sort of scenery. Rolling waterfalls, flowing streams, steep cliffs, and lush trees.

Other than this natural scenery, the sky here also appeared to be even more blue, and the clouds here appeared to be even more white. As far as one could see, this place was as beautiful as it could be, truly a paradise on earth.

However, Chu Feng and the other cultivators did not have the heart to enjoy such beautiful scenery. After they arrived, they were received by a resident and brought into a natural mountain cave.

There was flowing water, rock walls and fluorescent rocks in the cave. All of them were formed by nature and appeared like fine crafts. However, the most important aspect was that there were two people in this cave who had waited for their arrival for a long time.

They were an aged old man and a young woman.

The old man had a head full of red hair that appeared like raging flames. He was very tall and robust, like a bison. As for his aura, it was very similar to Elder Hong Mo’s; it was clear that he was not displaying his strength, but others were able to sense that he was very powerful.

The most important aspect was his attire. He was wearing a world spiritist gown. However, it was no ordinary world spiritist gown. This world spiritist gown was extremely amazing, simply akin to treasures. Even though the gown was also gold in color, the symbols and runes on the gown were squirming about like countless little bugs.

That’s right, the symbols and runes on this gown weren’t simply there as decorative items. Instead, they were flickering and glimmering as if they were actual living things. As for the gown, it was the space in which the symbols and runes lived. In that space, those symbols and runes were roaming about without the slightest scruple.

It was evident that what this old man was wearing was not a gold world spiritist cloak. Instead, he was wearing a royal world spiritist cloak. As for who this individual was, he was naturally Sima Huolie of the World Spiritists Alliance.

However, other than Sima Huolie, there was also a young woman. This woman’s age was similar to Bai Ruochen’s. Her skin was very white and rosy, and appeared to be extremely tender. While her appearance was not as beautiful and alluring as Bai Ruochen’s, and she was not as devastatingly beautiful as Zi Ling, she was, nevertheless, a first-rate beauty.

However, this young beauty possessed the same sort of long fiery red hair as Sima Huolie. Surprisingly, the fiery red hair was not at all inharmonious on her. Instead, it suited her very well, giving her a sort of different beauty. It was as if she were an elf formed of flames.

“That girl is Sima Huolie’s granddaughter. She is a genius world spiritist. Her name is Sima Ying.”

“Sima Ying is a very prideful person. As for Sima Huolie, he is very doting of her. If she is to speak rude remarks toward you, it is best for you to endure it if you can and not lower yourself to argue with her. Otherwise, it would be extremely difficult to deal with that girl,” Elder Wei secretly sent a voice transmission to Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen.

In fact, even if Elder Wei did not mention it, just by how Sima Ying was unwilling to even look at them head-on was enough to show that she was a very arrogant and prideful person.

However, no matter how arrogant and prideful she was, no matter who her grandfather was, neither Chu Feng nor Bai Ruochen feared her. In fact, neither one of them placed her in their eyes either.

“Haha, old man Hong Mo, these few disciples of your Medicine Concocting Department are extremely good saplings. At the very least, they all possess quite a good cultivation,” Sima Huolie looked at Chu Feng, Bai Ruochen and Ye Qing and laughed loudly.

“Sima Huolie, go ahead and take out that Nine Spirits Divine Diagram.” Elder Hong Mo smiled lightly and immediately spoke of the main topic.

“Don’t be so anxious. Since I had you come over here, I will naturally take out the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram in due time. However, it is a rare occasion for your Medicine Concocting Department’s disciples to come to my Nine Spirits Paradise. How about we have them compete in medicine concocting techniques with my granddaughter?” Sima Huolie said with a beaming smile.

“This...” Hearing those words, all of the elders of the Medicine Concocting Department started to frown. Even though they had already anticipated that such a thing might occur before they arrived, they did not expect it to happen so quickly.

Although the Medicine Concocting Department specialized in concocting medicines, and Chu Feng and Ye Qing also possessed quite a high attainment in world spirit techniques, if they were to compete with Sima Ying in medicine concocting techniques, then these elders were truly uncertain about the result.

As for the reason why, it was because Sima Ying’s grandfather was a member of the World Spiritist Alliance. What sort of place was the World Spiritist Alliance? It was the gathering place of the most powerful world spiritists and the most powerful world spirit techniques.

Furthermore, Sima Huolie also specialized in medicine concocting techniques. Thus, even if his medicine concocting techniques had not reached the apex, they would still be in extremely high standing.

As a world spiritist genius that he had taught, Sima Ying’s attainments in medicine concocting techniques would be undoubtedly high. One could imagine how frightening it would be.

“Elder Zhou Quan, is Ye Qing willing to compare pointers with little friend Sima Ying?” After Elder Hong Mo pondered for a moment, he looked to Ye Qing.

“Elder Hong Mo, Ye Qing is willing to compare pointers with miss Sima Ying,” Ye Qing responded and cupped his fist.

When they saw that Elder Hong Mo had selected Ye Qing, the worried expressions of the Medicine Concocting Department’s elders lessened by quite a bit.

Even though they were not confident to begin with, if they were to given a choice between Chu Feng, Bai Ruochen and Ye Qing, they believed Ye Qing to be the most suitable.

After all, Ye Qing had been with the Medicine Concocting Department for quite some time, and Elder Zhou Quan had treated him like his successor. Thus, Ye Qing had already received a portion of the techniques of their Medicine Concocting Department.

Therefore, in this competition against Sima Ying, even if Ye Qing was to lose, he would not lose too miserably.