Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1222 - Treasure

“Lying?” Chu Feng was confused by what Bai Ruochen mean by that.

“You didn’t tell the two elders about the truth of the High Quality Strength Restoring Pellets,” Bai Ruochen said.

“Heh, how did you know that I didn’t tell them the truth?” When he knew that this was what Bai Ruochen was talking about, Chu Feng smiled mischievously.

“Intuition,” Bai Ruochen replied.

“Okay then.” Chu Feng spread open his hands, shrugged his shoulders and displayed an expression stating that she had won.

“In that case, what exactly is the truth?” Bai Ruochen asked.

“You should know that I possess a special kind of world spirit technique. This world spirit technique is a bit special. Thus, I do not wish for the two elders to know about it.”

“As for this world spirit technique of mine, it’s actually not that powerful either. However, it is able to strengthen my powers of observation, allowing it to reach a state that ordinary people cannot.”

“Earlier, when Sima Ying competed with Ye Qing, I used that world spirit technique to observe Sima Ying’s medicine concocting technique, and the method by which she formed her spirit formation.”

“I learned both her medicine concocting technique and her spirit formation. Furthermore, I discovered that while her medicine concocting technique was perfect, there was a flaw to her spirit formation, causing it to be imperfect.”

“Thus, when I was concocting my High Quality Strength Restoring Pellets, I copied Sima Ying’s medicine concocting technique but modified her spirit formation.”

“In fact, at that time, I was also uncertain about the results. It could be said that in desperation, I gambled.”

“Never did I imagine that I would actually manage to succeed. Thus, instead of saying that it’s Sima Ying who was unfortunate, it would be better to say that I was fortunate.” Chu Feng smiled cheerfully. He spoke the truth this time around.

“No, this is not luck, it’s your strength. To be able to learn something from a single glance, that is not something that ordinary people can accomplish. From that, it shows how powerful that world spirit technique of yours is, and how high your comprehension of world spirit techniques is.” The gaze with which Bai Ruochen looked at Chu Feng became one of even greater admiration.

Even though she already knew that Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques were very powerful, she never imagined that they were this powerful.

Remembering something from a single glance was nothing special. However, to learn something from a single glance was simply too amazing.

“It’s also because that Sima Ying’s High Quality Strength Restoring Pellets are easy to concoct. Had it been a medicine concocting technique that was harder, it would have been impossible for me to learn it that quickly. After all, medicine concocting is different from weaponry refinement, and I rarely use medicinal pellets to assist myself. Thus, I rarely research medicine concocting techniques,” Chu Feng said.

“You can stop being so modest. I know your strength.”

“Chu Feng, since that world spirit technique of yours is that powerful, then let me speak with you about a serious matter,” Bai Ruochen said.

“What is it?” Chu Feng asked.

“For example, if there were a hidden treasure here, would you be able to find it?” Bai Ruochen asked.

“Treasure? Where? In this Nine Spirits Paradise?” When he heard the word ‘treasure,’ Chu Feng immediately became interested.

“It would appear that you really do not know anything about this place.”

“The reason why the Nine Spirits Paradise is called the Nine Spirits Paradise is because its master called himself the Nine Spirits God.”

“According to legend, the Nine Spirits God was not a human. Instead, he was a monstrous beast. However, he was also a very powerful world spiritist who possessed a grand reputation across the entire Holy Land of Martialism.”

“Even though the Nine Spirits God was a monstrous beast, he possessed heaven-defying understanding of world spirit techniques. At the moment when his life was about to end, he returned to his homeland, the Cyanwood Domain.”

“Furthermore, he spent the remainder of his power sealing all his comprehensions of world spirit techniques, those profound mysteries that could not be conveyed in words, into the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram.”

“However, that news spread like wildfire, and managed to spread throughout the entire Cyanwood Domain. This caused many people from the Cyanwood Domain to become interested in the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram.”

“The Nine Spirits God’s reputation was extremely magnificent, so much so that even the Cyanwood Mountain was unwilling to provoke him during his golden age. However, when they took into consideration that he was nearing his life’s end, a group of people entered into an alliance to plunder the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram from him.”

“Furthermore, those people actually managed to find the Nine Spirits God. Thus, for the Nine Spirits God’s Nine Spirits Divine Diagram, a war was waged.”

“However, those people were mistaken. Even though the Nine Spirits God was nearing his life’s end and did not possess the divine power from his golden age, he was still not someone that ordinary pawns and generals could handle.”

“According to legend, that day, the Nine Spirits God massacred all those who came for him, leaving not a single person alive.”

“Furthermore, it was said that that day was the same day that the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram was completed. Because of that, the Nine Spirits God exhausted all of his strength and died.”

“However, no one knew where they fought, nor did anyone find out where the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram was, much less the remains of the Nine Spirits God.”

“I have heard that the reason why no one managed to find anything after that battle was because, before his death, the Nine Spirits God used a taboo world spirit technique and sacrificed his body as the price to seal all truths.”

“But in truth, everything had occurred in the Nine Spirits Paradise,” Bai Ruochen said.

“Since the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram was found, it most definitely should have been found in this Nine Spirits Paradise. In that case, the legends you’ve heard are most likely real.”

“However, since the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram has already been discovered by Sima Huolie, I believe he must’ve found the other things too. Even if there are treasures, they should all already have been taken,” Chu Feng said.

“No, although Sima Huolie managed to find the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram, he did not manage to find the battlefield where they fought,” Bai Ruochen said.

“How are you this certain?” Chu Feng asked.

“Because I am,” Bai Ruochen firmly replied.

“Very well. Even if what you said is the truth, when even the most precious Nine Spirits Divine Diagram has already been obtained by someone else, what use is there for us to find the battlefield?” Chu Feng asked.

“Of course it’s useful. There are countless corpses on the battlefield, I do not believe that all of them were destroyed by the Nine Spirits God. Furthermore, the Nine Spirits God was about to die at that time. Logically, it should not be possible for him to go and absorb the source energies of the corpses.”

“Thus, if we are to be able to discover the battlefield, it might be a treasure, a great rich meal for our world spirits,” Bai Ruochen said.

“Source energy?” Hearing those words, Eggy, who was originally lying down in Chu Feng’s world spirit space abruptly stood up. Her beautiful large eyes started to shine with light. It could be seen how much longing she had for source energies.

“Chu Feng, Chu Feng, quickly, try and find it. Even if it’s only a possibility, you must also give it a try. If you are to be able to find it, if there are intact remains and if the source energy of those remains have not been taken, then this queen would be able to consume them.”

“Those people who dared to challenge that Nine Spirits God, even if they were not characters who possessed heaven-defying power, they would not be excessively weak. I’m certain that their source energies would be tasty.” Eggy was so excited that she was about to start jumping. She even used her sexy little tongue to lick her soft and red lips. She was truly enchanting.

Unfortunately, such a beautiful and alluring scene was something that only Chu Feng could feast his eyes on.

“Yes, my lady queen. I will not miss out on such a good opportunity. I will go and find it right away.” In fact, even Chu Feng was very excited at this moment.

Having come to the Holy Land of Martialism for so long, he had been increasing his own cultivation the entire time, and had neglected to increase Eggy’s power. And now, an opportunity to increase Eggy’s power finally emerged before him. Even though the opportunity was very uncertain, Chu Feng would absolutely not let it slip by.

“Chu Feng, are you willing to give it a try? With the spirit formation technique that you know, perhaps you can discover something,” Bai Ruochen asked with a face filled with anticipation. It could be seen that she was also longing for that so-called battlefield very much.

“It just so happens that we are guests of this place, and senior Sima Huolie allowed us to sightsee around this Nine Spirits Paradise.”

“Since being idle is being idle, I’ll just consider this as a sightseeing.” Chu Feng smiled lightly. Then, with a movement of his body, he flew out and into the sky.

When Bai Ruochen saw Chu Feng standing in the skies with his eyes flickering with sharp light as he surveyed his surroundings, she shook her head with a smile and said, “You speak in such a calm and uninterested manner, only to be the most impatient.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After she finished saying those words, her delicate body also moved and she soared to follow Chu Feng.