Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1223 - Heaven-defying World Spirit

Actually, the Nine Spirits Paradise was very tightly secured, and many places in it would be guarded. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, due to the fact that Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen were precious guests, Sima Huolie had personally ordered the guards to give them good treatment, and no one dared to stop Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen. Thus, they were even able to enter forbidden areas as they wished.

Adding on the fact that the Nine Spirits Paradise was not a very large place, Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes were extremely effective. In merely an hour, Chu Feng discovered something unnatural on a mountain.

It was an extremely large rock mountain. The mountain was not very tall, nor was it very steep. However, its surface area was very large. It appeared like an unevenly-shaped enormous rock fastened on top of the earth.

“This mountain is strange,” Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes flickered as he pointed at the mountain.

“What’s strange about it?” Bai Ruochen inspected the mountain carefully. She had used all the means at her disposal to try to find anything strange about the mountain to no avail.

“If that battlefield still remains, then it would most definitely be here,” Chu Feng did not explain his reasons to Bai Ruochen. Instead, he descended directly from the sky and landed at a hidden corner of the mountain.

Hearing those words, Bai Ruochen understood Chu Feng’s intentions. Thus, she did not bother to ask anymore, and instead followed behind Chu Feng, allowing him to take charge.

Chu Feng felt that this mountain was fake, and was something that had been created through the use of a very powerful world spirit technique. To place a fake mountain in such a place was an abnormality.

Thus, Chu Feng concluded that this fake mountain was most definitely hiding something. Furthermore, what is was hiding would most likely be that battlefield.

“Buzz.”

Chu Feng did not try to open the mountain directly. Instead, he began to set up a world spirit formation. He planned to flawlessly open a world spirit gate at the foot of the mountain that would lead to the inside.

However, he discovered that the mountain rock actually possessed a resisting power, it was not as simple as he imagined it to be.

“There are world spirit ripples. It really is formed from world spirit techniques. Chu Feng, you were correct.”

“What do you think, can you open it?” Bai Ruochen finally became aware of the profoundness of this mountain. A pleasantly surprised expression emerged on her beautiful little face.

“Rest assured. Although it is a bit difficult, it’s not too much of a problem. Give me two hours and we’ll be able to enter it for sure,” Chu Feng was filled with confidence as he continued to break apart the formation on the mountain.

Hearing that, Bai Ruochen spoke no more. Like an obedient little girl, she stood beside Chu Feng and silently watched as he did his work.

It was not that she did not want to help him. Merely, she knew very well that she was incapable of helping him. However, she firmly believed in Chu Feng, knew that he possessed the ability to solve this matter.

At this moment, regardless of how conceited, prideful and insufferably arrogant she was, she could only remain as a spectator and entrust all her hopes to Chu Feng.

At this moment, this Bai Ruochen who possessed outstanding talent and exceptional abilities, who always did things by herself, did not feel a sense of loss. Instead, she felt a sense of relaxation.

In truth, it wasn’t that she was excessively conceited and thought that she would always take care of things herself. Merely, she had never met another person of her age who was even more able than her, who could stand before her and help take care of matters.

However, now Chu Feng was present. And Chu Feng was precisely that person who could help Bai Ruochen take care of matters.

“Bang.” Suddenly, a muffled explosion was heard. As broken rocks swirled in the air, a world spirit gate was condensed at the foot of the mountain.

“Lil Sis ruochen, I’ve managed to establish contact. Come, follow me in,” After successfully breaking the formation on the mountain, Chu Feng spoke to Bai Ruochen with a smile on his face.

“Mn.” Bai Ruochen nodded her head and then directly entered the world spirit gate. She trusted Chu Feng a lot. Thus, she firmly believed that Chu Feng had succeeded.

Sure enough, Chu Feng did not disappoint her. When the two of them entered the world spirit tunnel and walked out through the other side, what was before the two of them was a different world.

There was nothing in this place other than the bones of the dead. It was truly a sea of remains.

Most importantly, the bones in this place were not only sparkling white and jade-like, there were even some that emitted brilliant light. This meant that the owners of the bones were extremely powerful in the past, and should be Half Martial Emperor-level experts.

“Chu Feng, this place is indeed the battlefield from the past. Furthermore, a lot of powerful remains are left behind. Haha, this trip of ours has truly not been made in vain.”

Seeing these bones, Bai Ruochen became extremely excited and actually started to laugh out loud, a very rare occasion by her standards. With a thought, a formless energy surged out of her body and charged toward the sea of bones. She was planning to absorb the source energy of those bones.

However, right at this moment, Chu Feng’s expression, who had been carefully examining the bones with his Heaven’s Eyes, took a huge change. He hurriedly shouted, “Ruochen, careful!”

However, it was already too late. Bai Ruochen did not manage to react to his words in time. At the moment when her energy was approaching the sea of bones and planning to absorb their source energy, it actually crashed onto an invisible wall. It turned out that there was an invisible protective screen there.

“Boom.”

At the moment when that invisible protective screen was triggered like a trap mechanism, a boundless oppressive might came crushing down from above.

“Wuuwaa~~~~”

The powerful might was not only unstoppable, its speed was already extremely fast. Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen simply did not even have the time to react before they were overwhelmed to the ground by the powerful oppressive might. They were unable to move at all and their bodies felt extremely powerless.

“Buzz.” Right at this moment, the invisible protective screen that Bai Ruochen triggered earlier actually began to show form. Sure enough, it was a protection screen. After it appeared, it completely sealed off all of the sea of remains within it and made it so that Chu Feng and Bai Ruochen could not see them anymore.

However, that protective screen was not completely sealed; there was actually a world spirit gate on it. Furthermore, several words were written on the world spirit gate: “World Spirits May Enter.’

“Chu Feng, what’s going on?” Seeing this, Bai Ruochen turned to ask Chu Feng.

“Lil Sis Ruochen, try to open your world spirit gate and see if you can get your world spirits out,” Chu Feng said.

“Buzz.” Bai Ruochen did not hesitate. With a thought, a world spirit gate appeared before her. After her world spirit gate appeared, two world spirits rapidly walked out of it.

These two world spirits were a male and a female. Both of their statures were very well built. Not only was the male handsome and the female beautiful, they were also emitting a sacred aura.

“Fairy Spirit World’s world spirits?” This sort of world spirit was something that Chu Feng had seen before. That was because Zi Ling’s world spirit was also from the Fairy Spirit World.

The Fairy Spirit World’s world spirits were very powerful. They could be said to be the relatively strong ones among the seven spirit worlds. For Bai Ruochen to be able to possess world spirits from the Fairy Spirit World, it meant that her world spirit techniques would not be weak.

Furthermore, the cultivation of these two world spirits were very powerful. They were both rank four Martial Kings, only a level weaker than Bai Ruochen herself.

“Master, let us help you.” When the two world spirits appeared, they immediately flew over to Bai Ruochen. They released their powerful energy to try to help Bai Ruochen.

“What powerful world spirits.” At this moment, Chu Feng’s eyes shone. When the two world spirits emitted their energies, Chu Feng was able to sense that their battle powers were very powerful too. They were actually able to cross over two levels above themselves.

Like this, even though the two world spirits were only rank four Martial Kings, their true battle power would be that of rank six Martial Kings.

This was the first time Chu Feng had seen world spirits other than Eggy that possessed heaven-defying battle power.

As things stood, Chu Feng had to admit that he had a whole new level of respect for Bai Ruochen. That was because if she was not powerful, it would be impossible for her to have such powerful world spirits.