Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1236 - Disturbances Arise Again

Time shuttled by. Several days went by in the blink of an eye.

After they returned to the Cyanwood Mountain, Elder Hong Mo, Elder Wei and Elder Zhou Quan all entered closed-door training.

Reportedly, they had been injured by Han Helai. Even though they appeared to be fine on the surface, they were actually severely injured and had to focus on healing their injuries. From the moment their closed-door training began, they ordered that no one was to disturb them.

As for Sima Ying, she was temporarily living in the Medicine Concocting Department. She stayed in the Medicine Concocting Department with the status of a guest, and did not join the Cyanwood Mountain, due to the fact that she was someone from the World Spiritists Alliance.

As for Chu Feng, he had spent the past few days wholeheartedly studying the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield. However, he discovered that this martial skill was extremely hard, over several times harder than the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Slash.

However, Chu Feng nevertheless managed to obtain some discoveries. He discovered that there were two methods to train in this martial skill.

The first method was to use the conventional cultivation method. In other words, it would be to follow the superficial explanation of the martial skill and conduct training through the means of Firmament Energy. However, this sort of cultivation method was extremely long. Without at least a hundred years, he would not be able to grasp even the superficial knowledge of the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

However, there was another cultivation method. As for this method, it was something that Chu Feng realized himself.

To be exact, this martial skill’s training method was not complete, and a portion of it was hidden. This portion required the person cultivating the martial skill to unearth it by him-or herself and explore it bit by bit.

As long as they were able to excavate the portion that was hidden, it would be much simpler to learn the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield. At the very least, for Chu Feng, he would be able to successfully learn it in a short period of time.

Merely, it was also extremely difficult for one to excavate the portion that was hidden. At the very least, it was not something that Chu Feng could accomplish in a short period of time.

In short, this Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield was extremely difficult to learn. Even for Chu Feng, he would need a certain amount of time and energy in order to successfully learn it.

However, Chu Feng was already a hundred percent certain that if he was able to successfully master the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield, it would harmonize with his Earthen Taboo: Firmament Slash. When the two of them harmonized with one another, it would be a completely new martial skill, a martial skill so powerful that it would possess a power comparable to Heaven Taboo Martial Skills.

On this day, like usual, Chu Feng was wholeheartedly learning the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield. To be exact, he was attempting to comprehend the complete cultivation method of the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield.

“Chu Feng, another day has passed. Did you manage to have any harvest?” At this moment, Eggy was not in Chu Feng’s body. Instead, she had passed through her world spirit gate and arrived in the hidden room that Chu Feng was training in. With a very bored expression, she looked at Chu Feng, who was sitting on the ground in a cross-legged position, and would remain sitting like so for several hours every time.

At this moment, Chu Feng had detached himself from a state of utmost concentration. After hearing Eggy’s voice, he opened his eyes and said with a smile, “I did manage to obtain some harvest. Merely, it’s only a tiny bit.”

“In that case, are you going to continue? Earlier, someone seemed to have knocked lightly on your closed-door training room’s doors.” Eggy asked.

“Oh? Eggy, are you certain of that?” Chu Feng asked.

“This queen is so youthful; how could she possibly have imagined it?” Eggy gave Chu Feng a charming side-eye.

“Woosh.” Hearing those words, Chu Feng immediately stood up. As for Eggy, she entered the world spirit gate and returned into Chu Feng’s body.

Chu Feng quickly arrived before the doors of his private room and opened them. The reason for this was because Chu Feng did not allow anyone to disturb him when he was in closed-door training but had also mentioned to the people from the Asura Division that if they needed him, they could knock on the doors to inform him.

And now, since someone had knocked on the doors, this meant that something must have happened.

“Junior brother Chu Feng, you’ve come out.” Sure enough, when the doors to his private room opened, a large group of Asura Division members surrounded Chu Feng. All of them were the senior members of the Asura Division, the majority of them being his fellow seniors and juniors from the Southern Cyanwood Mountain.

“What happened?” At this moment, Chu Feng started to frown. Not only were there a lot of people gathered at the location where he was undergoing closed-door training, each and every one of them had anxious expressions on their faces. From that, he seemed to know that whatever must have happened was not be light.

“Junior brother Chu Feng, do you know that person by the name of Sima Ying?” Wang Wei stepped forward and asked.

“I do, what’s wrong?” Chu Feng was startled. He seemed to have guessed something.

“Sigh, a major thing happened. She has stirred up trouble,” Wang Wei said.

“Stirred up trouble? What sort of trouble?” Chu Feng asked.

“Junior brother Chu Feng, follow me. I’ll tell you about all of this on our way there. Otherwise, I fear something will happen to junior sister Bai,” As Wang Wei spoke, she soared into the sky.

“Ruochen’s involved too?”

Hearing those words, Chu Feng was startled once again. At the same time, his body moved and he hurriedly followed Wang Wei.

At this moment, many of the Asura Division members were gathered outside of Chu Feng’s territory. They were all orderly standing in of the plaza, motionless, like a group of soldiers waiting for orders.

When Chu Feng appeared, all of them immediately soared into the sky. Like a group of eagles following their pack leader, they majestically followed Chu Feng and began to fly toward the Mission Plaza.

On their way there, Chu Feng managed to gain a rough understanding of what had happened.

It turned out that Sima Ying had not obediently stayed in the Medicine Concocting Department, but had gone to wander the Cyanwood Mountain when the elders were off guard.

As she roamed around the Cyanwood Mountain, she encountered a group of female disciples. When those female disciples saw Sima Ying’s head of red hair, and that she was not wearing the Cyanwood Mountain’s disciple’s outfit, they started to reprimand her.

However, Sima Ying’s temperament was extremely irritable. Not only did she ignore all of their criticisms, she even attacked the bunch of female disciples and seriously wounded them.

Logically, to be attacked by an outsider for no reason or cause, a Cyanwood Mountain’s disciple should find an elder.

However, that group of female disciples managed to guess that Sima Ying was not someone who had intruded into the Cyanwood Mountain, but that she was likely a guest.

If they were to find an elder, Sima Ying would at the very most be punished. However, she would not suffer any physical pain. Thus, they did not find any elder, but instead returned to their branch power organization to request reinforcements.

As for the branch power organization that they came from, it was called the Peach Immortal Division.

This Peach Immortal Division was a very special branch power organization. Not only was it ranked among the best in the Cyanwood Mountain, it was also a female-only branch power organization. In the entire Cyanwood Mountain, it possessed a very extraordinary reputation.

In other words, this Peach Immortal Division was one of the most powerful branch power organizations of the Cyanwood Mountain. The Three Cyanwood Forests Division, the Ascension Division and the Orion Division were simply incomparable to it.

The Peach Immortal Division was a true publicly recognized powerful branch power organization.

As for the reason why the Peach Immortal Division was so renowned, it was not because they only accepted exceptional female disciples. The main reason was because of their head, Tao Xiangyu. [1. Her name is: Peach FragrantRain]

Tao Xiangyu was one of the most renowned demon-level characters of the Cyanwood Mountain. Her reputation was not at all inferior to Chu Feng’s.

As for the reason for that, it was because not only was she ranked seventh on the Cyanwood Succession List, she was also loved of the heavens, surpassing others and becoming ranked among geniuses at the moment of her birth.

As for why, that was because she was a Divine Body!!!

Tao Xiangyu had always been an individual who would shield her people. Furthermore, she was very oppressive in her matter of conduct. Adding on to that the fact that she was a member of the Punishment Department and a first-hand disciple of one of the Punishment Department’s management elders, she was a despot in the Cyanwood Mountain, someone that no one dared to provoke.

And today, the members of her branch power organization had been beaten up. Thus, how could she possibly leave matters be?