Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1283 - Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation

In fact, this really was a Martial Skill that Chu Feng had created.

Chu Feng could be said to have put forth all of his effort in order to learn the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield. During that time, he obtained a completely new way of thinking and understanding Martial Skills.

Thus, when Chu Feng had had leisure time, he had begun to re-examine the Martial Skills that he had learned. From doing that, he had discovered that although all the Martial Skills were different from each other, with each possessing their own specific traits and different levels in strength, not a single one of them could be said to be perfect.

Even the strongest Martial Skill that Chu Feng had so far been able to grasp, the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Slash, possessed a certain number of flaws.

However, the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Slash was an incomplete Martial Skill to begin with. Its true strength would only be revealed when matched with the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Shield.

Thus, instead of focusing on the Earthen Taboo: Firmament Slash, Chu Feng turned his attention to the five different elemental Mortal Taboo Martial Skills - wind, lightning, water, fire and earth - that he had obtained from the Ascension Sect.

The reason he did that was because the properties of the five Mortal Taboo Martial Skills were complementary to one another. Furthermore, they were all very powerful Mortal Taboo Martial Skills to begin with. Thus, if Chu Feng were able to perfect them even further, his battle power would definitely increase.

Therefore, Chu Feng had spent meticulous efforts on those five Mortal Taboo Martial Skills, and he had ultimately managed to fuse the five of them into one, greatly strengthening their might. Furthermore, he had even integrated his own spirit energy into them. Using his mastery in world spirit techniques, he had made it so that the new Martial Skill possessed both offensive and defensive characteristics.

After Chu Feng mastered the Martial Skill, he discovered that the Martial Skill was much more powerful than he initially imagined it would be. It was already no longer capable of being ranked among Mortal Taboo Martial Skills, and had stepped into the ranks of Earthen Taboo Martial Skills.

Finally, Chu Feng realized that he had developed these five Mortal Taboo Martial Skills into an Earthen Taboo Martial Skill, an Earthen Taboo Martial Skill that only he knew how to use.

Thus, Chu Feng decided to name this Martial Skill based on its characteristics; Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation.

。

Although this Martial Skill could not be considered to be a Martial Skill that had been created solely by Chu Feng, it remained that it was a Martial Skill that only Chu Feng possessed.

“It’s merely an Earthen Taboo Martial Skill, yet you want to use my blood to test it out? You are truly delusional!”

Seeing that Chu Feng’s Martial Skill brought cheers from the crowd, Bai Yunxiao was so enraged that his eyes could shoot out flames and his veins could explode from bulging so hard.

After a cold snort, the enormous bow on the horizon began to shoot out arrows in quick succession. One after another, enormous arrows of light left the enormous bow and brought with them the loud whistling sound of the wind as well as the power to rip apart space as they came piercing toward Chu Feng.

As for Chu Feng, he was not one to be outdone. Controlling the Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation that he had created, which contained imposing might and the spirit formation’s ability to transform nonstop, he began launch counterattacks at Bai Yunxiao.

“Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom...”

Chu Feng and Bai Yunxiao’s attacks collided into one another, confronting each other in the sky, creating unceasing explosions.

Due to the fact that the ripples from the explosions were too intense and their energies were too fierce, both Chu Feng and Bai Yunxiao were already engulfed in the energy ripples. Only powerful world spiritists were able to see the progression of the battle between the two of them.

When the powerful world spiritists present saw what was happening, each and every one of their expressions changed. They were all shocked.

That was because, at this very moment, in the battle between Bai Yunxiao’s Divine Power and Chu Feng’s Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation, it was Chu Feng who held the upper hand.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh.” The five different elements of wind, lightning, water, fire and earth would occasionally change into ferocious beasts, occasionally armies of troops and even occasionally into human-shaped experts. In numerous different forms, they attacked Bai Yunxiao.

“That Chu Feng is actually this powerful? Even disregarding his cultivation, his control of Martial Skills is practically unparalleled among the current disciples of the Cyanwood Mountain,” When they saw what was happening, the numerous Cyanwood Mountain management elders began to commend Chu Feng once again. They were all exclaiming admiration for Chu Feng’s skills.

That was because they could tell that Bai Yunxiao’s Divine Power was extremely strong and was, as a whole, stronger than Chu Feng’s Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation.

However, even though his Divine Power was very strong, it was evident that Bai Yunxiao had not completely mastered the control of his Divine Power, and was thus incapable of making it follow his every desire.

As for Chu Feng’s Martial Skill, not only was it completely controlled by Chu Feng, following his every desire, it had nearly reached a level of complete fusion with Chu Feng.

Even though the Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation was, by itself, inferior to the Divine Power, it was able to obtain superiority after being perfectly controlled by Chu Feng.

In other words, Chu Feng was suppressing Bai Yunxiao through the use of his extraordinary control of his Martial Skill.

“Damn it. I refuse to believe that my grand Divine Power can be defeated by your Earthen Taboo Martial Skill.”

Seeing that he was being suppressed, Bai Yunxiao was naturally unwilling to accept that. Thus, he exerted all of his strength and actually pulled the enormous bow in the sky back into his body.

He fused the Divine Power with his body and began to brandish the bow personally. At the same time that he was defending against Chu Feng’s ferocious attacks, he began to launch counterattacks at Chu Feng.

However, even with this, he only managed to fight Chu Feng to a standstill. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Furthermore, with one careless mistake, he exposed himself to Chu Feng’s attack.

This mistake was extremely small and something that ordinary people would not be able to detect.

Unfortunately, the person Bai Yunxiao was fighting was no ordinary person. Instead, it was Chu Feng, who possessed exceptional perception.

Chu Feng firmly seized that mistake and created a dart with his energy formed by the five elements and shot it toward Bai Yunxiao’s left leg.

While the dart was small, it contained an incomparably large amount of power. Even though Bai Yunxiao’s body was protected by his Divine Power, that dart was still able to pierce through it.

In the end, with a ‘sii’ sound, the dart pierced into Bai Yunxiao’s left leg.

“Ahhh~~~~~~”

In an instant, Bai Yunxiao howled in pain. When he turned his head down to see, his expression changed greatly. Even he was shocked by what he saw.

That was because that dart contained an enormous amount of power. Not only did it pierce through Bai Yunxiao’s left leg, it actually sliced his left leg off completely. A large amount of blood was violently surging out from the stump of his leg.

“I said that I would be using your blood to test my Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation. I, Chu Feng, am always one to keep my word,” Chu Feng stated after successfully injuring Bai Yunxiao.

“Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation, is that the name of that Martial Skill? What a powerful Martial Skill, it’s actually capable of contending against Bai Yunxiao’s Divine Power. Amazing, truly too powerful, it definitely possesses the might to defy heaven.”

After hearing what Chu Feng said, the crowd began to exclaim repeatedly. After all, the conclusion was before their eyes; Chu Feng had defeated Bai Yunxiao.

As the crowd was astonished by the conclusion, Chu Feng had stopped his attacks. Bai Yunxiao had lost a leg, and the outcome of the battle had been determined. As such, Chu Feng did not plan to make things difficult for him. After all, there were many management elders present, making it impossible for Chu Feng to actually kill Bai Yunxiao.

Since he could not kill him, then it would be best to stop when the outcome was determined. Like this, not only would Chu Feng be able to display his might, he would have also taught Bai Yunxiao a lesson.

“Chu Feng, I’ll kill you!”

However, right at the moment when Chu Feng turned his body around and prepared to leave, an angry shout was suddenly heard. At the same time, he felt that an extremely ferocious power was gathering behind him.

Turning his head back to see, even Chu Feng could not help himself from frowning deeply. Chu Feng’s expression turned serious.

At this moment, not only was the space surrounding Bai Yunxiao distorting, light was also emitting all over. Most importantly, countless weapons formed by light rays were flying toward Chu Feng.

Those weapons were no small matter, they were actually even more powerful than Bai Yunxiao’s Divine Power. It was impossible for Chu Feng to use the Earthen Taboo: Five Elements Formation to block those weapons.

However, what brought about the greatest headache to Chu Feng was not the fierceness of the attack. Instead, it was that those weapons had filled the sky and covered the earth. They had practically sealed off all of Chu Feng’s paths of escape.

If this attack was to land, then Chu Feng’s life would definitely be lost.