Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1302 - Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest

“That’s also within reason. It was only when she was competing with Feiteng did that girl reveal her true abilities. She is a royal-cloak world spiritist,” Elder Miao said.

Shock filled Sima Ying’s face. Unable to contain herself, he hurriedly asked, “What? A royal-cloak world spiritist? How old is she? She was actually able to become a royal-cloak world spiritist?”

One must know that royal-cloak world spiritists were no small matter. In the Holy Land of Martialism, all royal-cloak world spiritists would be able to obtain respect from the people wherever they went.

Based on what Elder Miao said, that woman should be someone from the younger generation, much like herself. A royal-cloak world spiritist from the younger generation, that was truly too astonishing.

“I did not manage to see her appearance. Thus, I cannot determine her age. However, judging from her voice, that girl’s age should be around yours. Even if she is older than you, it would not be by much. At the very most, she’d be in her early twenties,” Elder Miao said.

“You must be kidding, with such a young age... she actually managed to become a royal-cloak world spiritist?”

At this moment, even Sima Ying was frightened by what she had heard. It was not that there had never been royal-cloak world spiritists in their early twenties in the Holy Land of Martialism.

However, all those who managed to become royal-cloak world spiritists in their early twenties ended up becoming great world spiritists in the future. Each and every one of them became grand existences who had reached the apex among world spiritists.

In their World Spiritist Alliance, not to mention a royal-cloak world spiritist in their early twenties, there were simply no royal-cloak world spiritists among the disciples at all. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Yet, at this time, an early twenties world spiritist had appeared outside of their World Spiritist Alliance. To the World Spiritist Alliance, this was not good news. Instead, it was enormously bad news.

“What happened afterwards? What was the final result? Is there no one in our World Spiritist Alliance who is a match against that girl? No one capable of defeating her?” Sima Ying asked.

“Among our current World Spiritist Alliance’s younger generation, there are no royal-cloak world spiritist. Thus, there is naturally no one capable of defeating her.”

“However, for the sake of our World Spiritist Alliance’s honor, we will naturally not admit defeat. After Feiteng was defeated, we no longer sent forth any more disciple to compete with her.”

“Furthermore, we made an excuse that the strongest disciples of our World Spiritist Alliance were not present, and asked them to come again after some days. They had also accepted our request.”

“In order to ensure that our World Spiritist Alliance is able to retrieve our lost honor the next time that girl comes, our World Spiritist Alliance held a conference and the various management world spiritists all agreed that we will disregard all costs to activate the Royal Metamorphosis Formation.”

“Furthermore, we decided to select the ten members of the younger generation in our World Spiritist Alliance who possess the greatest potential to enter into it to train.”

“Our purpose is to use the Royal Metamorphosis Formation to cultivate several royal-cloak world spiritists that could defeat that woman and defend our honor,” Elder Miao said.

“How could such a person suddenly appear? Grandpa Miao, do you know where exactly that old man and that woman came from? Could it be that they were dispatched from a certain power to challenge our World Spiritist Alliance?” Sima Ying asked curiously.

“We do not know where they are from. However, when they left, our World Spiritist Alliance’s Elder Li had secretly followed them to inspect their origins.”

“However, to our surprise, he was thrown off by them,” Elder Miao said.

“Even Elder Li was thrown off?” Sima Ying was shocked once again. Sima Ying naturally knew who that Elder Li was.

Not only was Elder Li one of the World Spiritist Alliance’s management elders, he also possessed very extraordinary movement martial skills and specialized in concealing spirit formations.

In other words, if Elder Li wished to shadow someone, it was practically impossible for his target to escape him. That was because not only did he possess amazing speed, he was also able to perfectly conceal his aura.

Yet, even Elder Li was thrown off by them. What did this mean? This meant that the two people who had challenged their World Spiritist Alliance were extremely powerful. Their opponents had truly come with ill intentions.

“The two of them were truly very powerful. While that girl was still alright since she is, after all, only a royal-cloak world spiritist. When her talent is disregarded, she is not a major threat to our World Spiritist Alliance.”

“However, that old man behind that girl was no simple matter. His speech was unfathomably deep. If he were to become our World Spiritist Alliance’s enemy, he would definitely be a thorny character to deal with,” Elder Miao said.

“Can it be that we really have not the slightest bit of a clue as to where they are?” Sima Ying asked.

“There is, that old man addressed that girl as Lil Mei,[1. Mei -> beauty]” Elder Miao said.

“Lil Mei, is that her name?” Sima Ying asked.

“We don’t know. However, even if it isn’t her name, it’s at least what he called her,” Elder Miao said.

“It would seem that this is truly a thorny problem,” Sima Ying muttered.

“It is indeed thorny. However, there is still hope. You are one of our World Spiritist Alliance’s hopes,” Elder Miao said.

“Ying’er will definitely not let Grandpa Miao down. She will definitely not fail to live up to the hopes of the various seniors,” Sima Ying vowed with assurance.

At the moment when Sima Ying was preparing to step foot into the Royal Metamorphosis Formation for the sake of defeating that mysterious young woman, Chu Feng was unrelentingly rushing toward his destination.

The place that he wanted to go to was called the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest.

When Chu Feng was in the Eastern Sea Region, he had once encountered a consciousness. That consciousness’s master was not located in the Eastern Sea Region. Instead, he was in the Holy Land of Martialism.

The name of that consciousness’s master was Hong Qiang. Back then, he had said to Chu Feng that if Chu Feng was to step foot onto the Holy Land of Martialism, he should come find him at the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest.

At this time, after the long teleportation from the ancient Teleportation Formation, after inquiring about the route from the locals, Chu Feng finally arrived at the so-called Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest.

When Chu Feng saw the bamboo forest that filled his line of sight, even his eyes began to shine as he felt clear and crisp.

The bamboo in this Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest was not ordinary bamboo. Practically each and every one of them was as thick as millstones and reaching a hundred meters tall. There were even some among them that were over a thousand meters tall, reaching all the way into the sky. The bamboo trees appeared like a flight of steps that lead to the heavens as they stood between heaven and earth.

Furthermore, unlike ordinary bamboo, these stalks of bamboo were glimmering with multi-colored lights. From a glance, they appeared to be incomparably gorgeous.

As the bamboo swung back and forth and flickered with light, the illusion of bamboo leaves covering the entire sky could be seen. It was a magnificent sight that truly seized one’s eyes.

“This is the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest? It is indeed as Senior Luo said, this place is very beautiful,” Chu Feng gasped in admiration.

When Chu Feng first arrived to the Holy Land of Martialism, he had wanted to come to this Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest. However, as he was unfamiliar with both the Holy Land of Martialism, he had no choice but to ask others about it.

In the end, he encountered Senior Luo, a person without a very powerful cultivation, but who had traveled throughout the numerous places of the Holy Land of Martialism.

It was Senior Luo who told Chu Feng about the Boundary Energy of the Holy Land of Martialism, that layer of energy that separated this vast land into multiple sections.

It was also Senior Luo who told Chu Feng that there were enormous amounts of experts in the Holy Land of Martialism, akin to the clouds. He also told Chu Feng about the major powers of the Holy Land of Martialism, the Three Palaces, Four Clans and Nine Powers.

It was also Senior Luo who had told Chu Feng that the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest was extremely beautiful and extremely far from where they were at. That Chu Feng would not be able to arrive at that place in a short period of time and that there was the Boundary Energy that blocked his path.

Thinking back, it had not been not a very long time since he had encountered Senior Luo, having been less than a year. Chu Feng had finally arrived at the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest.

“I wonder what sort of reaction Senior Luo would have if he were to know that I have arrived at the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest,” Chu Feng lightly smiled. After that, his body moved and he began to fly toward the beautiful sea of bamboo.