Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1317 - Collecting Feces

“Junior brother, in that case, what do you want us to do? If you want compensation, we can give you that.”

“That’s right. Junior brother, what sort of compensation do you want from us? As long as you say it, we will definitely be able to meet your needs,” Seeing that Chu Feng was unwilling to let them leave, they began to try to settle things with Chu Feng using their financial resources.

“Humph,” hearing those words, Chu Feng coldly and disdainfully snorted. After that, he grabbed onto his Cosmos Sack from his waist. As light flickered, golden figures of light began to spill out and land on the ground like a waterfall.

The flashing golden light was extremely dazzling to the eye. At the same time, a special aura filled the air.

When they saw what it was, the crowd present were all stunned. Immediately afterward, they all sucked in a mouthful of cold air.

That was because what had landed on the ground were Martial Beads. Furthermore, they were so numerous that there were at least several hundred thousand of them. Just like that, they packed the floor and submerged even the ankles of everyone present.

“If any of you are able to give a compensation more than these, then I shall release that person safely,” Chu Feng said.

“This...” At this moment, the complexions of those disciples turned ashen. They had all given up on using compensation as a means to leave safely.

Even if they had some savings, they had never even seen this many Martial Beads before. At this time, they were truly stunned. It could even be said that they were deeply frightened by Chu Feng.

As for these Martial Beads, they were the leftovers from the Martial Beads given to Chu Feng by the Half Martial Emperor White Ape. When Chu Feng was breaking through in his cultivation, he had consumed the majority of them. However, after he had broken through, there was still quite a lot that remained.

Chu Feng knew that these remaining Martial Beads were incapable of letting him make a breakthrough again. Thus, he had not refined them.

Instead, he left them behind in case he needed them in the future. After all, in the world of cultivators, cultivation resources were currency, and it was essential for one to keep some cultivation resources with them.

Seeing that they did not answer him, Chu Feng said, “If you cannot take out this amount of compensation, then you better stay here, be well-behaved and settle your debt.”

“Settle our debt? Junior brother, how do you want us to settle our debt?” Those disciples asked in unison.

As matters stood, not only did they fear Chu Feng greatly, they even had an enormous amount of reverence for him.

Not only did he possess extremely powerful strength, he was also capable of taking out this many Martial Beads. This made them feel that Chu Feng’s origin was most definitely no small matter. Most likely, he was a super demon-level character from some colossal power, an existence that they could not offend.

“Clean up all of the feces around the Discarded Bamboo Forest. Oh, that’s right, you have to pick them up using your hands,” Chu Feng said.

“What? Pick up feces? Using our hands?” Hearing what Chu Feng said, all those disciples turned green in the face. Each and every one of them were extremely prideful and conceited. Thus, it was one thing to have them collect feces. However, to have them pick up the feces with their hands, it was something that they found to be extremely hard to accept.

“You’re not willing? In that case, you all can pick them up with your mouths,” Chu Feng said.

“No no no, we’ll use our hands, we’ll use our hands.”

Hearing what Chu Feng said, those disciples immediately started nodding their heads. They would rather use their hands than to use their mouths to pick up feces. If they were to use their hands, then even if it were to be spread out and others were to learn of it, they would only be known by others as people who had picked up feces with their hands.

However, if they were to pick up feces with their mouths, then it wouldn’t only be picking up feces, they would be known as having eaten feces.

When comparing the two options, the decision was not hard at all. Thus, without the slightest bit of hesitation, they all chose to pick up feces with their hands.

After that, Chu Feng healed the injuries of those two Golden Bamboo Forest’s disciples who he had crippled. The reason why he did that was because he wanted them to pick up feces together with the rest of them.

Furthermore, Chu Feng gave the two of them a special demand. While the rest of them could use their hands to pick up feces, the two of them needed to use their mouths.

These two Golden Bamboo Forest disciples didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when they heard Chu Feng’s demand. Although they had managed to escape the torment to their bodies, they would have to experience a humiliation to their dignity.

However, when given the two options, the two of them decided upon the latter. Especially after they experienced how Chu Feng had healed their injuries in an instant, the two of them realized even more clearly how powerful Chu Feng was and simply did not dare to disobey him at all.

After that, Chu Feng set up a spirit formation lock on each and every one of their bodies. That lock was a kind of binding.

The binding made it so that they would not be able to leave the Discarded Bamboo Forest. If they were to leave, they would receive torments and might even die. Only by remaining in the Discarded Bamboo Forest would they be fine.

Thus, after they left this shabby palace hall, they began to search for feces to pick up around the Discarded Bamboo Forest. Chu Feng did not bother to watch over them. Instead, he retrieved the Martial Beads that he had spilled all over the floor.

However, he left behind twenty thousand Martial Beads. Furthermore, he took out two Cosmos Sacks, separated the twenty thousand Martial Beads into two piles of ten thousand and placed them into each Cosmos Sack.

“It will be impossible for you to continue to stay in the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest anymore. Some time later, leave the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest with me.”

“Consider these Martial Beads as your travel expenses. Take them,” Chu Feng handed the one Cosmos Sack to Li Xiang and another to Lil Ming.

“Senior brother Chu Feng, this is truly too much. I cannot accept it.”

“That’s right. Junior brother Chu Feng, this is truly too precious. I cannot accept it.”

Li Xiang and Lil Ming refused together. However, even though they were refusing, their gazes were filled with longing and had never once left the two Cosmos Sacks. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Actually, the two of them wanted to accept the Cosmos Sacks very much. To them, ten thousand Martial Beads was an unimaginable amount of wealth, something that they might not be able to obtain in their entire lives.

“Just accept them. I do not care much about these Martial Beads. What I care more about is the camaraderie between brothers,” Chu Feng forcibly pushed the Cosmos Sacks into their hands.

“Very well, we’ll leave this place together with you.”

Seeing this, Li Xiang and Lil Ming no longer tried to refuse. They accepted the Cosmos Sacks and agreed to Chu Feng’s suggestion. That was because the two of them also knew that it was now impossible for them to continue to stay in the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest. Else, once Chu Feng left, what would await them would be an extremely miserable life.

At this moment, the rest of the Discard Bamboo Forest’s disciples were filled with envy. They regretted their actions so much that they wanted to kill themselves by charging head-first into a wall.

They were regretting, regretting that they did not try to have a good relationship with Chu Feng like Li Xiang and Lil Ming, and regretting that they had insulted him instead.

If they had been able to befriend Chu Feng, then they too might have been able to obtain a large amount of Martial Beads, becoming rich in a single moment, like Lil Ming and Li Xiang.

Unfortunately, there is no medicine for regret in this world. What happened had already happened. Not only had they not befriended Chu Feng, they had instead opposed him in succession.

Thus, it was destined that they would miss this enormous moneybag known as Chu Feng. If they wanted to blame someone, they could only blame themselves for having eyes but no eyeballs. [1. This is another equivalent to have eyes but can’t see Mt. Tai.]

Suddenly, Chu Feng asked, “Senior brother Li Xiang, what they’ve said is the truth, right? It’s your younger brother who’s hurting you, right?”

“Mn,” Li Xiang nodded his head silently. A grieved expression that was very difficult to hide was on his face. To be betrayed by the relative who he cared about the most, it was truly too difficult to accept.

“He is truly worse than wild animals and possesses no morals,” Chu Feng was enraged. Although he had only known Li Xiang for several days, Li Xiang would frequently mention his younger brother in their conversations.

From that, Chu Feng was able to tell that not only did Li Xiang trust his younger brother greatly, he also loved his younger brother deeply. Yet, his brother actually treated him in such a manner. Just thinking about it made Chu Feng angry.

Chu Feng really wanted to go and grab Li Xiang’s younger brother and make him pay the price for his actions. However, that was, after all, Li Xiang’s blood brother. Thus, Chu Feng turned to Li Xiang and asked, “Do you want me to help you?”