Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1329 - A Crisis Descends

“Buzz.”

Right after the crystal coffin and tombstone were hidden by Hong Qiang’s powerful spirit formation, an air ripple suddenly swept through the region where that spirit formation was.

Not long after the ripple appeared, a speck of golden light appeared in the middle of it. The golden light grew brighter and brighter. It was as if an object was about to appear from it.

From a glance, the scene appeared like a fantasy, an illusion: real yet fake. It was only when this golden light completely emerged did Chu Feng see that it was actually a golden key.

After that golden key appeared, the spatial ripple began to fade away. Like a butterfly, that golden key flew over to Hong Qiang and landed in his hand.

Chu Feng was able to tell that this was a spirit key formed by royal level spirit energy. This key was able to open the concealing formation and protection formation that Hong Qiang had set up earlier.

“Chu Feng, you did not want the most precious parts of the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower, the Raging Flames Metal, and instead only wanted the lotus seed that do not have any actual use. I feel that this is too much of a loss for you.”

“Thus, this coffin and the woman within it, both treasures, shall be given to you as compensation.”

“Of course, whether or not you’ll be able to obtain these treasures will depend on your own future abilities.”

“The only help I can provide you is to temporarily hide them away so that others cannot find them,” Hong Qiang handed the spirit key to Chu Feng.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng was immediately overjoyed. He had never imagined that Hong Qiang was actually willing to give him the coffin and the woman’s source energy.

“Thank you senior,” Although he was surprised, Chu Feng did not refuse to accept it. That was because the source energy from a Martial Emperor was truly too important to Eggy.

“There’s no need for you to be this modest toward me,” Hong Qiang lightly smiled. After that, he placed his hands behind his back and began to unhurriedly walk toward the exit of the cave.

“Eggy, it seems that you’ve misjudged senior Hong Qiang. He is not as selfish as you thought him to be,” Chu Feng began to tease Her Lady Queen. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As for Eggy, as she was feeling extremely joyous, she was not angered by Chu Feng’s teasing. Instead, she smiled sweetly and, with a serious expression, said, “Mn, this old man is not bad. When this Queen restores her cultivation in the future, I can provide him with some assistance.”

“You girl,” Hearing those words, Chu Feng smiled. Although Her Lady Queen was a very marvelous person, her temperament would appear more like a child’s sometimes.

However, Chu Feng had to admit that the combination of Eggy’s angel-like face, demon-like figure and child-like temperament made her even more charming and intoxicating.

However, Chu Feng didn’t know that at the time when he was in this joyous mood, the Discarded Bamboo Forest’s Li Xiang and Lil Ming were experiencing an enormous crisis.

At this time, Li Xiang and Lil Ming’s bodies were covered with scars and bruises. The two of them were both tied to a bamboo stick and hanging upside down in mid-air.

Blood was flowing down their bodies and dripping onto the ground. Judging from the two pools of blood below them, it could be seen that the two of them had been tied upside down for quite some time now.

As for the person who had left Li Xiang and Lil Ming in such a state, he was no ordinary character, as he was the head of the Colorful Bamboo Forest.

Furthermore, beside the head of the Colorful Bamboo Forest was another powerful existence. This person was the person with the greatest authority in the entire Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest.

He was the headmaster of the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest.

Apart from them, the four heads of the Golden, Silver, Copper and Iron Bamboo Forests as well as all of their elders and disciples had also returned to the Discarded Bamboo Forest.

At this time, the Discarded Bamboo Forest was even more lively than before. As for the people present, they too were more powerful than the people from before. Furthermore, they were all acting extremely aggressively. They had not come here with good intentions. It was so much so that the disciples were loudly shouting in chorus:

“Traitor Hong Qiang, get out here!!!”

“Traitor Chu Feng, get out here!!!”

As for the reason why such a thing had happened, it was all because of the head of the Colorful Bamboo Forest.

The head of the Colorful Bamboo Forest was an extremely powerful individual. He was said to be the second strongest person in the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest, below only the headmaster himself.

At the same time, he was also deemed by everyone to be the person, other than the headmaster himself, that no one must offend.

The reason why the Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head possessed such might and renown was actually related to his identity. He was actually the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest’s head’s blood younger brother.

Of the two brothers, the elder was the headmaster of the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest, whereas the younger was the head of the Colorful Bamboo Forest. It could be said that the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest was theirs to rule.

This was also the main reason why the Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head dared to act this arrogant and considered everyone else to be beneath him.

Thus, when the Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head found out that the management elders who he had dispatched were defeated by Hong Qiang, that his Colorful Bamboo Forest’s elders and disciples were detained in the Discarded Bamboo Forest and were forced to pick up feces, he flew into a violent rage with overflowing killing intent.

He immediately went to his older brother, the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest’s headmaster, to inform him of what had happened. When his older brother found out about what had happened, he was also enraged.

To the two brothers, Hong Qiang was not establishing his might. Instead, he was provoking their authority. Thus, regardless of what sort of origin this Hong Qiang might have, the two of them deemed that he must be eliminated.

Thus, the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest’s headmaster and the Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head gathered all of the elders and disciples of the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest and arrived at the Discarded Bamboo Forest.

What they were planning to do was not as simple as driving Hong Qiang out from the Discarded Bamboo Forest. What they were planning to do was to behead Hong Qiang. That was because the two of them refused to tolerate anyone daring enough to behave atrociously in their territory.

“Hong Qiang, if you still consider yourself to be a man, then get out here.” When the shouting from the crowd did not bring about any results, the Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head was unable to contain himself and personally shouted.

His voice was like a thunderclap that shook both the earth and the sky as it echoed through the region.

“Hong Qiang, one must know how to accept the consequences of one’s actions, exactly what is your purpose in infiltrating my Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest?”

“Since you’ve exposed your cultivation today, I believe you’ve made the preparations to lay your cards on the table.”

“Since you’ve already prepared, then why are you still hiding? Why not just show yourself now and explain yourself properly?” At this time, the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest’s headmaster also spoke.

Although his tone was very calm when compared to that of the Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head, it was also extremely domineering. Contained within his voice was a very strong oppressiveness that could be felt from all directions.

“Look, that Hong Qiang only dares to bully us. When Lord Headmaster and the Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head appeared, he did not even dare to show his face.”

“Show his face? I suspect he has already escaped.”

“Bullying the weak and being afraid of the strong; as expected, he is nothing more than trash.”

Seeing that Hong Qiang did not respond, the heads and elders who had been scared stiff by Hong Qiang earlier began to mock him.

“Big brother, I think he must have escaped,” The Colorful Bamboo Forest’s head said to the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest’s headmaster.

“No, I don’t think he has run away,” The Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest’s headmaster shook his head. His eyes began to squint and a coldness flashed through them.

“Woosh.”

Suddenly, the Fallen Leaves Bamboo Forest’s headmaster lightly hooked his finger, and two bamboo sticks were suddenly uprooted from the ground and began to fly toward him like arrows.

Finally, those two bamboo sticks stopped at a distance half a meter away from Li Xiang and Lil Ming. The two sharp bamboo sticks were facing Li Xiang and Lil Ming’s dantian areas.

Those two bamboo sticks were no ordinary pieces of bamboo. They were bamboo sticks that contained emperor level martial power.

Those bamboo sticks were not only capable of penetrating Li Xiang and Lil Ming’s bodies, they were also able to completely tear apart their bodies, crush all their bones and scatter their souls.