Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1374 - Ailing Matter

Sun Lei and the others left the Sealing Ancient Village. The guests also left the Sealing Ancient Village. Like this, the curtain to the competition dropped.

Merely, the dramatic change was that Chu Feng and Wang Qiang, who were supposed to have been driven out of the Sealing Ancient Village, were instead urged to stay by Old Village Chief Ma.

Furthermore, after this event, many people began to question whether Chu Feng’s cheating in the spirit power competition was the truth or actually just a false accusation.

After all, in the competition against the geniuses of the World Spiritist Alliance, regardless of whether it might be his martial cultivation or his world spirit techniques, Chu Feng had demonstrated an extraordinary level of achievement.

His strength was something that no one from the younger generation present at that time could compare with. It was a level of strength that greatly surpassed Zhou Long and the others’. With such strength, it would only be natural, only reasonable and fair, for Chu Feng to obtain first place in the spirit power competition. As such, how could he be cheating?

Old Village Chief Ma did not elaborate upon this matter. He did not try to explain things to anyone. Thus, this led the crowd to begin making all kinds of wild guesses.

However, after this matter, regardless of whether it was the people from the Sealing Ancient Village or the guests, they all held a whole new level of respect for Chu Feng. They all realized how extraordinary of a genius Chu Feng was. Not only did he possess an enormous background, his own strength was also very strong and robust.

Even the three Zhou siblings who had previously gone to provoke Chu Feng did not dare to do so again. Not only do they not dare to provoke Chu Feng again, they even planned to go and apologize to him.

It was not only them, even their conceited and prideful grandfather was going to have to lower his head in order to acknowledge his mistake to Chu Feng.

That was most definitely not alarming to talk about; at this very moment, there were six people in the ancient pagoda that was used to conduct the ancestral worship ceremony.

They were Zhou Long, Zhou Hu, Zhou Feng and Zhou Sitian. Besides the four of them was Chu Feng.

At this time, the grandfather and grandchildren were all standing before Chu Feng. The three Zhou siblings even had expressions of apology across their faces.

Other than the five of them, there was another person beside Chu Feng. It was actually the leader of the Sealing Ancient Village, Old Village Chief Ma.

At this time, Old VIllage Chief Ma had a sharp expression in his eyes and a cold demeanor. His aged face appeared to be filled with malevolence as he stared furiously at Zhou Sitian.

From that, it could be seen that it was not Zhou Sitian who wanted to sincerely admit his mistake. Instead, it was Old Village Chief Ma who had forced him to do so.

It was still tolerable for the three Zhou siblings; they were, after all, convinced by Chu Feng’s strength. Even if they were to be told to apologize to Chu Feng, they would have no objection to it. Besides, it was the Lord Village Chief that was forcing them to do so. As such, even if they were to apologize, it would only be a natural action and not one of disgrace.

However, it was different for Zhou Sitian. No matter what, he was the Vice Village Chief of the Sealing Ancient Village. Furthermore, he was about to become the next Village Chief. To have him apologize to Chu Feng? That was truly difficult for him to do.

“What are you thinking about? Quickly, apologize to little friend Chu Feng,” Seeing Zhou Sitian hesitation, Old Village Chief Ma shouted at him.

“Chu Feng, we were in the wrong, please forgive us.”

Hearing that, the three Zhou siblings did not dare to hesitate and immediately spoke to Chu Feng to admit their mistake. Furthermore, their tone was very sincere and their attitude was very cordial, it could be seen that they were not pretending and they were apologizing to Chu Feng from the bottoms of their hearts.

Merely, after they finished their apologies, their grandfather still did not say anything. Furthermore, he even fiercely stared at the three of them with a gaze of hatred and disappointment.

“Zhou Sitian!!!!” Upon seeing that, Old VIllage Chief Ma shouted angrily once more. His tone was ice-cold. Moreover, at the moment he shouted Zhou Sitian’s name, even the ancient pagoda trembled. The anger that he had was truly intense.

Feeling the ice-coldness emitted by Old Village Chief Ma, feeling the oppressing anger from him, Zhou Sitian’s expression changed greatly as fear emerged in his eyes.

He knew that Old Village Chief Ma was truly enraged. Furthermore, he also knew how frightening Old Village Chief Ma could be when he was enraged.

Thus, in the end, he decided to let go of his dignity, toughen his face, lower his head and say to Chu Feng, “Little friend Chu Feng, this old man should not have wrongly accused you. At this time and place, I will apologize to you,” After he finished saying those words, Zhou Sitian bowed to Chu Feng.

“Heh...” Chu Feng only lightly laughed at Zhou Sitian’s apology. He did not say anything. That was because he was able to tell that Zhou Sitian’s apology was not sincere at all.

That sort of apology was merely a surface effort. If the people from the Sealing Ancient Village were all present, if the guests were all present, then, regardless of how sincere Zhou Sitian’s apology might be, it would at the very least be able to return Chu Feng his innocence and reputation.

However, like this, in a situation without anyone else, an apology to Chu Feng was completely useless.

Seeing that Chu Feng did not have any reaction of delight after hearing the apologies, Old Village Chief Ma realized that it was meaningless for him to force Zhou Sitian and the others to apologize to Chu Feng when there was no one present. Thus, he waved his hand at Zhou Sitian to indicate for them to leave.

Seeing that, Zhou Sitian did not dare to stay any longer. He immediately brought the three Zhou siblings with him and left the ancient pagoda. As he left, he did not forget to firmly close the entrance of the ancient pagoda.

“Little friend Chu Feng, I know that their apology to you will not be able to make up for anything.”

“Thus, this old man has prepared this. This is something that you deserve,” Old Village Chief Ma handed a Cosmos Sack to Chu Feng. Within that Cosmos Sack were two hundred drops of Sealing Glacial Water and two million martial beads.

It was the reward for first place in the spirit power competition. Furthermore, the reward had been doubled. This Old Village Chief Ma had kept his word and handed Chu Feng the compensation that he had promised.

“Little friend Chu Feng, please rest assured. I will not let you receive grievances for no reason. After this old man finishes his closed-door training, after I finish the matter that I have at hand, I will publicly announce the matter of our Sealing Ancient Village wrongly accusing you, returning to you your innocence,” Old Village Chief Ma said with a deep sense of regret.

“Senior Ma, I believe you. I know that you are different from Zhou Sitian. However, I, Chu Feng, am not someone who wants to be framed for nothing. I had clearly used my own ability to obtain victory, yet I was declared to be cheating instead.”

“Thus, I am also looking forward to the day that your Sealing Ancient Village will return Wang Qiang and I our innocence.”

“However, at this time, I, Chu Feng, only wish to receive the items that I have won.”

“In the competition between Zhou Long and Huang Feng, Zhou Long lost a piece of the Sealing Glacier. In the competition between me and Huang Feng, I won that same Sealing Glacier from him.”

“Thus, the Sealing Glacier that Zhou Long had lost should now be mine.”

“Old Village Chief Ma, I hope that you can hand me the Sealing Glacier that I have won,” Chu Feng said. He did not care too deeply about the matter of being wrongly accused. The matter that concerned him the most was the Sealing Glacier. After all, that was a crucial component to increasing his cultivation.

“This...” However, after hearing what Chu Feng said, Old Village Chief Ma started to frown. He was displaying an expression of difficulty.

“Senior Ma, what’s wrong? You couldn’t possibly be refusing to pay, right?”

“If that really is the case, then Chu Feng has truly misjudged you,” Seeing Old Village Chief Ma’s reaction, anger appeared on Chu Feng’s face.

It was already extremely excessive for Old Village Chief Ma to wrongly accuse him. If he were to refuse to hand over the Sealing Glacier too, then it would be truly excessive. This would also mean that Chu Feng had trusted him in vain. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

“No, this old man most definitely did not have the intention to not pay up, merely...”

“Sigh~~~” Old Village Chief Ma sighed helplessly. Then, he spread open his arms and began to form hand seals with rapid speed. Soon, a boundless spirit power exploded out from him and poured into the peak of the ancient pagoda.

At this time, the ancient pagoda started to tremble and emit a slight amount of radiance. Soon, that radiance grew brighter and brighter. In the end, it turned into a world spirit entrance.

That world spirit entrance was extremely special. Chu Feng was able to tell from a single glance that the other end that this world spirit entrance connected to was definitely no small matter.

“Little friend Chu Feng, please follow this old man. After you see it, you’ll understand,” Old Village Chief Ma said those words and flew into the spirit formation entrance.