MGA: Chapter 1385 - Slaughtering Technique

“What am I going to do about it? I shall let you know exactly what I am going to do about it!!!”

Sun Feiyang snorted coldly. Then, he unleashed his attack. As a grand Half Martial Emperor, his battle power was extremely strong. In merely an instant, he had reduced this region of land to ruins, akin to doomsday.

“I’ve been waiting,” Although Sun Feiyang was very powerful, Old Village Chief Ma was not weak either. As the strongest genius in the entire history of the Sealing Ancient Village, although Old Village Chief Ma’s battle power was ordinary, his world spirit techniques were exceptionally powerful.

At the moment when Sun Feiyang unleashed his powerful martial skill, unleashed his might capable of destroying this region completely, Old Village Chief Ma did not use any martial skill to counter him. Instead, he used world spirit techniques.

In his hands, world spirit techniques changed nonstop. The might behind them was boundless. At the moment when they turned to shields, his world spirit techniques became impregnable. At the moment they turned to swords, his world spirit techniques could slice and pierce through anything and everything. He was even capable of turning his Royal level spirit power into a magnificent army with thousands of men and horses with distinct abilities and wisdom.

“Is this what is meant by a truly powerful world spiritist? Without using martial power, relying only on world spirit techniques, he is able to unleash such frightening attacks?!”

As he saw the battle in the sky, as he saw Old Village Chief Ma, who relied only on world spirit techniques to fight against Sun Feiyang, who possessed ferocious battle power, even Chu Feng’s gaze began to flicker with shock.

Even though he had heard of powerful world spiritists being capable of using their world spirit techniques, in addition to defensive martial skills, as powerful slaughtering techniques capable of killing those of the same level of cultivation and even those with higher cultivations, it was something that only those with exceptional comprehension and talent in world spirit techniques could accomplish after spending an enormous amount of time on world spirit techniques.

In short, if one wished to be able to use world spirit techniques to slaughter an expert, it would be much more difficult to accomplish than becoming an expert martial cultivator.

Thus, as matters stood, while there were quite a number of world spiritists, only a few among them were truly capable of using world spirit techniques to contend against martial cultivation experts at the same level of cultivation. Even Chu Feng was unable to accomplish such a feat.

Yet, at this time, Old Village Chief Ma managed to accomplish it. As such, how could Chu Feng not be shocked?

It could be said that Old Village Chief Ma had shocked everyone present with his abilities. Even though the people from the Sealing Ancient Village already knew that Old Village Chief Ma was very powerful, they were still unable to help themselves from exclaiming repeatedly after seeing the scene before their eyes.

“Heh, although my impression of this old man is not very good, I must admit that his usage of world spirit techniques as slaughtering techniques is extremely proficient,” Even Eggy spoke to praise Old Village Chief Ma’s world spirit techniques.

“I wonder when I’ll be able to use world spirit techniques to confront Taboo Martial Skills,” Chu Feng said in a yearning manner. Even though he had already obtained heaven-defying battle power in the field of martial cultivation, even though there was no reason for him to spend the time required to learn the slaughtering aspect of world spirit techniques, Chu Feng, as a world spiritist, and a person who had contracted an Asura World Spirit, also yearned to be able to use world spirit techniques to contend against expert martial cultivators the way Old Village Chief Ma was doing right now.

“Hehe, Chu Feng, truth be told, your attainments in world spirit techniques could be said to be extremely powerful already. This can be seen when you compare yourself to the so-called geniuses of the World Spiritist Alliance. If you wish to learn the slaughtering techniques of world spirit techniques, it should be extremely easy for you to do so. As long as you are able to learn a powerful technique, your battle power in terms of world spirit techniques might not necessarily be inferior to your battle power from martial cultivation.”

“Unfortunately, the world spiritists in your world are all fond of meticulously studying defensive techniques, medicine concocting techniques, mechanism techniques, healing techniques, weaponry refinement techniques, etc. It is only the slaughtering techniques that very few world spiritists train in.”

“Thus, it has led to this current situation of having very few such world spirit techniques capable of contending against martial cultivators. As for those that managed to survive the passage of time, they would be even fewer. Therefore, if you wish to learn one, it will be extremely hard to find one,” Eggy said.

“Of the world spiritists I’ve encountered before, not many among them were truly powerful. However, after I’ve come to the Holy Land of Martialism, the world spiritists I’ve encountered are becoming stronger and stronger.”

“I believe it will definitely not be limited to only senior Ma who trained in slaughtering world spirit techniques in this Holy Land of Martialism. In the future, I will definitely encounter even more powerful world spiritists, and stronger slaughtering techniques. At that time, I will put my heart into studying them.”

“At that time, I will not have to use only martial skills when fighting against others. To be able to occasionally use a slaughtering technique here and there would be pretty nice too.”

As Chu Feng thought of this, a smile emerged on his face. Chu Feng was not battle-crazed. However, he was extremely fond of the process of battle. He longed for powerful strength, although he was not strongly attached to only martial cultivation. If he were able to obtain powerful strength from world spirit techniques too, Chu Feng would naturally be willing to study world spirit techniques.

“If you truly are to train in slaughtering techniques, it will be even more difficult than learning medicine concocting, weaponry refinement and mechanism techniques. However, if you are able to successfully master the slaughtering techniques, then you would be able to use them with a single will of thought much like your secret skills. Furthermore, they also possess extraordinary might.”

“However, the way I see it, even in this Holy Land of Martialism, I do not think there are a lot of people who have grasped slaughtering techniques. Even if they have, the slaughtering techniques that they have grasped are not extremely powerful. Furthermore, slaughtering techniques are oftentimes secrets that they will not teach others. If you wish to learn them, it will truly be difficult,” Eggy said. It was quite a blow to hear.

“If I am truly unable to obtain powerful slaughtering techniques from others, then I will study meticulously and create my own powerful slaughtering technique,” Chu Feng said.

“Create your own slaughtering technique? Chu Feng, you are not joking, right? To create a slaughtering technique is even more difficult than creating a martial skill. You truly plan to walk down that path?” Hearing what Chu Feng said, Eggy was shocked.

“That’s right. I’ve already been walking down that path,” Chu Feng replied with a smile.

At the beginning, Eggy was confused by what Chu Feng meant. However, after she saw Chu Feng’s gaze, she suddenly came to a realization.

At this moment, Chu Feng’s gaze was fixed on Old Village Chief Ma, as well as the world spirit techniques unleashed by him. Furthermore, Chu Feng was not only using his naked eyes to watch, he was using his Heaven’s Eyes.

Chu Feng was analyzing Old Village Chief Ma’s Slaughtering Technique. He was meticulously studying and learning in secret. The most frightening aspect was that Chu Feng had actually managed to see through Old Village Chief Ma’s methods and learn a bit of his slaughtering technique. As for what he had managed to learn, it was the thing that was different from his own world spirit techniques. As for that thing, it was precisely the profoundness of slaughtering techniques.

“You... are truly quite amazing,” At this moment, even Her Lady Queen was unable to help herself from praising Chu Feng. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Even though she already knew that Chu Feng possessed exceptional talent in world spirit techniques, she now felt that Chu Feng’s talent in world spirit techniques seemed to be even greater than his talent for martial cultivation.

At the very least, when Chu Feng used his Heaven’s Eyes, he was able to rapidly learn another’s world spirit technique. Even for the most difficult of the world spirit techniques, the Slaughtering Technique, Chu Feng had managed to learn quite a few key aspects already.

“Aoouuu~~~~” Right at the moment when Chu Feng was devoting himself to stealthily learning Old Village Chief Ma’s Slaughtering Technique, that Sun Feiyang suddenly unleashed an extremely valiant Taboo Martial Skill.

It was a long spear. That spear was a hundred meters long and golden in color.

Once that spear appeared, the region of space around it started to shatter, and darkness filled the skies as a frightening aura pervaded everyone’s hearts.

This martial skill was truly frightening. It was extremely high quality, a rare top quality Earthen Taboo Martial Skill. As for Sun Feiyang, he had managed to achieve perfect mastery over this martial skill. After he unleashed it, the martial skill gave off an intimidating, peerless might.

“Damn it, this Earthen Taboo Martial Skill...” When he saw the long spear, even Chu Feng started to frown. Chu Feng was able to sense how frightening the power contained within that spear was. This attack was likely going to be difficult to withstand, even for Old Village Chief Ma.