Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1489 - Rank Eight Martial King

After Hong Qiang left, Chu Feng returned to his own bedroom and sat cross-legged on the bed. He then opened the Cosmos Sack that Hong Qiang had given him.

After he opened the Cosmos Sack, a seed covered with blazing flames appeared before him. This seed was the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed.

Merely, the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed was still as berserk as before. However, the sealing power was no longer present on it.

As long as the seal was gone, no matter how berserk it might be, it would only be a delicious meal to Chu Feng.

“I finally get to taste you now.”

As Chu Feng spoke, he closed his eyes and opened his mouth. A frantic attractive energy began to surge out of his mouth. That Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed was directly sucked into his stomach.

“Boom~~~~”

When the lotus seed entered his stomach, raging flames filled with ferocious power began to wreak havoc in Chu Feng’s stomach. It was trying to break apart Chu Feng’s body and devour him.

The reputation of the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower was truly well-deserved. Even though the lotus flower itself had died and only the seed remained, it was still incomparably terrifying and would not allow humans to do anything to it.

If it was an ordinary person who tried to eat the lotus seed, they would definitely be devoured, crushed and refined by the ferocious raging flames and the violent energy.

However, Chu Feng was no ordinary person. Before the power of the lotus seed was able to assail Chu Feng’s body, a frightening thunder sounded from Chu Feng’s dantian.

It was the Divine Lightnings, the Divine Lightnings hidden within Chu Feng’s dantian.

With the Divine Lightnings present, what could possibly stand before them?

The Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed ended up overestimating its capabilities and actually tried to fight against Chu Feng’s Divine Lightnings.

Unfortunately, no matter how berserk and ferocious its power might be, it was unable to withstand a single blow from the Divine Lightnings. To say that it was trying to strike a stone with an egg would be speaking highly of it.

Without any mishap, right after the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed entered Chu Feng’s stomach, it was completely devoured by the gluttonous Divine Lightnings in Chu Feng’s dantian.

Fortunately, the Divine Lightnings had not acted in vain this time around. When the Divine Lightnings returned to Chu Feng’s dantian, they also brought back a boundless amount of natural energy. Those natural energies were from the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed.

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, the blood throughout Chu Feng’s entire body started to flare up. His bones, his meridians, his blood and his flesh were all undergoing transformations. These was no ordinary transformations; Chu Feng was becoming stronger.

Chu Feng had reached a breakthrough. Using the power of the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed, he had managed to successfully break through to rank seven Martial King from rank six Martial King.

However... this was still not the end. The amount of natural energy that the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed contained was extremely abundant. Only a small portion was consumed by Chu Feng to break through to rank seven Martial King. At this moment, there was still a large amount of natural energy that Chu Feng could use.

“Woosh~~~” Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Another transformation. From the outside to the inside, Chu Feng’s entire body was being transformed.

Chu Feng had managed to break through once again. In merely the blink of an eye, Chu Feng had broken through from rank six Martial King to rank seven Martial king, and then again to rank eight Martial King.

This time around, the natural energy contained within the Raging Flames Metallic Lotus Flower’s lotus seed was nearly completely exhausted. After Chu Feng broke through to rank eight Martial King, there was no longer enough natural energy to allow Chu Feng to break through again.

However, Chu Feng’s eyes were still tightly closed. That was because, at this moment, he saw something that got his blood racing.

At this moment, he felt as if he was within the vast starry sky. In the boundless darkness flickered countless pinpricks of starlight. Some were near and some were far.

In this sort of place, Chu Feng was so small that he was inferior to even a speck of dust, and so weak that he was inferior to even an ant. Small and weak, this was the best description of the current Chu Feng.

“Aooouuu~~~~”

Suddenly, an ear-piercing snarl sounded from the distance. Following that, a purple light rapidly appeared within his line of sight.

Upon closer inspection, Chu Feng’s expression took a huge change. Even though Chu Feng had seen and experienced many things, he was still deeply frightened by the thing before him.

It was an enormous lightning beast. An enormous purple lightning beast was flying toward him. It was so indescribably enormous; it was as if it were the boundless world itself.

This enormous purple lightning beast flew over Chu Feng’s head. It was as if a purple colored sky had appeared above Chu Feng.

As for the matter that shocked Chu Feng the most, it was the... indescribably strong power being emitted by that enormous lightning beast.

It was too strong, too powerful. Never in Chu Feng’s entire life had he felt this sort of power before. It was so strong that he felt that it was extremely difficult to endure it.

However, to Chu Feng’s surprise, although this power was extremely strong, it did not have any sense of oppression toward him.

Finally, that enormous purple lightning beast flew completely over his head. As for the places that it passed, even the stars there began to shiver.

“Aooouuu~~~~”

However, right after that enormous purple lightning beast passed by, another enormous golden lightning beast flew over.

Regardless of whether it might be its power or its size, this enormous golden lightning beast was not at all inferior to that enormous purple lightning beast. The only difference was their appearance.

Unfortunately, it was truly too enormous. It was so enormous that Chu Feng was unable to see what it looked like completely. He was merely able to see a portion, akin to the tip of the iceberg.

However, even though it was only the tip of the iceberg, it still caused Chu Feng endless fear. This enormous lightning beast was truly too domineering. From head to toe, it was giving off an incomparable amount of intimidating might. It was as if it were the ruler of the world, and nothing could compare to it. It did not appear like the king among beasts. Instead, it appeared more like the king among all living things.

After the enormous golden lightning beast flew by, a blue, a red and then a black enormous lighting beast flew by, one after the other.

After the fifth enormous lightning beast flew by, that initial enormous purple lightning beast soon flew by Chu Feng’s side again. Merely, this time around, it did not fly over Chu Feng, but instead under him.

Just like this, the five enormous lightning beasts began to circle around Chu Feng, passing by him nonstop. Each and every single time they passed by him, they would leave him with a different sort of shock, a different sort of sensation.

Suddenly, Chu Feng shouted with excitement. “Is this the power of my bloodline? Are these the five different Divine Lightnings that flow through my blood?”

Chu Feng knew that he was currently in no other place than his own body. He was within his own blood.

As for what he was seeing, it was the power of his bloodline, the five different Divine Lightnings that had already fused with him.

Perhaps his successive breakthroughs had allowed Chu Feng to become aware of these Divine Lightnings and brought him here.

Regardless of what the reason might be, Chu Feng had, nevertheless, managed to see the power within him, the incomparably strong power.

“I am truly honored to be able to see you all at such a close distance. If I am able to have you all be used by me, I will be even more honored.”

Chu Feng grew more and more excited. The current him was still too small and weak. He possessed neither the qualification nor the ability to use these powerful Divine Lightnings.

However, Chu Feng knew that he would be able to use these Divine Lightnings one day. When that day came, Chu Feng would definitely be so powerful that he would surpass even Martial Emperors. In the entire Holy Land of Martialism, no one would be able to contend against him.

It was likely that only in that completely unknown Outer World would there be people capable of contending against Chu Feng.

“Father, thank you. Thank you for giving me such a strong power. Your son will not disappoint you. One day, I will definitely have them pay back all that they owe us,” As Chu Feng spoke, he clenched his fists tightly. He would never forget the heavy responsibility that he bore.

“Chu Feng, Chu Feng!!!” However, right at this moment, shouts of his name began to enter Chu Feng’s ears. It was Su Mei and Sima Ying’s voices.

“Woosh~~~”

Hearing those voices, the view before Chu Feng began to change. Soon, everything disappeared and was replaced with pitch darkness.

When Chu Feng opened his eyes once again, he discovered that he had returned to his bedroom.

He was still sitting cross-legged on top of his bed. Merely, there were two people before him. As for these two people, they were the beauties Su Mei and Sima Ying.

Merely, the expressions on these two beauties’ faces were not exactly beautiful. Especially Sima Ying, her eyes were wide open and her mouth was agape. She was looking at Chu Feng with an expression of fear. It was as if she was looking at a monster.

“Chu Feng, what did you do? Your aura! How did it instantly go from rank six Martial King to rank eight Martial King?” Sima Ying asked in shock.