Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1537 - Tantai Xue’s True Appearance

Chu Feng was a benevolent person. Chu Feng was a person with a heart of righteousness.

He did not wish, nor was he willing, to watch as those innocent people were killed before him. Thus, he wished to interfere in this so-called other people’s business.

However, Chu Feng was also not someone who would overestimate his own capabilities. He would not act rashly out of impulse and conscience only to end up throwing away his own life. That would be the behavior of a someone without wisdom, a fool. In the end, the only thing that would accomplish would be bringing harm to others and one’s self.

Thus, Chu Feng knew very well that even if he wished to lend a helping hand, it was not the correct time for him to do so. As for why, it was because his strength was insufficient.

In simpler terms, Chu Feng needed to become stronger, even stronger, stronger than the majority of the people displaying this sort of violent behavior. Only by becoming stronger would he be able to protect the ones close to him, the weak and the innocent.

“Let’s go,” Chu Feng decided to continue onward. With no way to save the lives of the common people, Chu Feng had no choice but to choose to save his friend’s life first.

However, at this time, Chu Feng swore in his heart that he would one day eliminate the Cursed Soil Sect and bring peace to the people of the Cursed Soil Domain.

While Chu Feng might not be able to resolve all matters of injustice in this world, he could not ignore the injustices before his eyes. While he could put them to the side due to not having the strength right now, once he possessed sufficient strength, Chu Feng would definitely return and eliminate these powers that were lower than dogs and pigs, these powers that would use any means possible to increase their strength.

Dugu Xingfeng and the others nodded their heads in satisfaction at the change in Chu Feng’s way of thinking. They could tell that Chu Feng was a person who possessed a heart of righteousness. The Holy Land of Martialism needed people precisely like Chu Feng. Only when people like Chu Feng became stronger would they be able to bring fortune to the Holy Land of Martialism. Otherwise, it would be a calamity.

As Chu Feng and the others continued onward, they saw even more appalling scenes of devastation. The people of the Cursed Soil Sect were actually experimenting with living people. They were abominable, extremely abominable.

However, Chu Feng and the others did not stop their footsteps for these things. As they continued onward, they even secretly killed a couple high status people from the Cursed Soil Sect. After that, they disguised themselves with the appearances of the people they had killed and began to continue onward.

Finally, they arrived at the location where Tantai Xue was imprisoned and managed to successfully infiltrate it.

Tantai Xue was imprisoned in an enclosed cell. This cell possessed very strong defenses. However, it could not stop Dugu Xingfeng and the others. However, they did not wish to destroy the defenses with force.

That was because they were not certain whether Tantai Xue was present in the cell, nor did they know whether there might be traps in the cell. Lastly, they were uncertain as to whether they would gather the attention of the Cursed Soil Sect’s people should they forcibly destroy the defenses.

Thus, out of security, the first thing that they had to do was to determine whether Tantai Xue was really inside that cell.

This was not something that was difficult for them. With Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritists like the World Spiritist Alliance’s Alliance Master, Miao Renlong and Hong Qiang, it was actually extremely simple for them to determine what was inside the cell with just their naked eyes.

In fact, not to mention the three of them, even Chu Feng was able to accomplish that. After all, Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes were the most powerful method of detection.

After arriving at this place, Chu Feng and the others concealed themselves. After that, Chu Feng used his Heaven’s Eyes right away. He wished to see what the situation was inside the cell.

Under his Heaven’s Eyes, the protective barrier around the cell began to gradually disappear. Soon, everything in the cell appeared before Chu Feng’s eyes.

This cell was somewhat different from what Chu Feng imagined it to be. While the forbidden area was extremely eerie, this cell was actually splendorous and majestic. It simply did not appear to be a place made to imprison someone.

However, a young woman was imprisoned in the cell. That woman was bound by dark black chains onto a dazzling gold and jade throne.

This young woman was wearing a white skirt, and possessed a very graceful figure. As for her appearance... it was also extremely beautiful.

Her pair of eyes seemed to contain the galaxy within them. They were very deep and enchanting. Especially when paired with her long and raised eyelashes, they appeared even more fascinating.

As for her fair, white cheeks, they were simply even more exquisite than the skin of babies. Furthermore, she possessed an oval face. She was beautiful, truly beautiful.

No fault could be found in this woman’s facial features. She was even more beautiful than Bai Ruochen, even more beautiful than Sima Ying, and even more beautiful than Su Ruo and Su Mei. Her beauty was simply on par with Zi Ling’s. She was truly a devastating beauty capable of causing the downfall of a city or state.

However, this woman’s beauty was different from Zi Ling’s pure and charming appearance. She was emitting a melancholy and sullen aura from her exceptionally beautiful face. As for her body, it was emitting an ice-cold aura.

She gave off an impression of distancing others thousands of miles away. From a glance, one could tell that she was someone from a completely different world. It was as if one could not ever enter into her heart. She was truly an otherworldly existence.

How could she even be considered to be human? She was simply a legendary celestial fairy. Such a beautiful celestial fairy, could she be really be Tantai Xue?

Chu Feng clearly remembered that Tantai Xue had been an extremely ugly woman.

No, she was Tantai Xue. Chu Feng remembered the aura emitted by Tantai Xue. There was no mistake, the woman before him was definitely Tantai Xue.

It was evident that the Tantai Xue Chu Feng had met before was a fake. Her extremely ugly facial appearance that could cause one to feel nauseous was fake. Her current extremely beautiful and celestial fairy-like appearance was actually her real appearance.

Tantai Xue had deliberately disguised herself. She had disguised her exceptional beauty to one of ultra-extreme ugliness.

Actually, Chu Feng could understand why she had done that.

In the Holy Land of Martialism, beauties were all over the place. However, a beauty as beautiful as Tantai Xue was extremely rare.

At least, it was the first time that Chu Feng had seen a beauty like Tantai Xue after coming to the Holy Land of Martialism. It was the first time that he had seen a woman who possessed beauty on par with Zi Ling’s.

With how beautiful she was, any man would be tempted. Thus, many people would try to get close to her and bother her.

However, if Tantai Xue were to disguise herself as an extremely ugly woman, she would not have to deal with that sort of annoyance. With her ice-cold character, it was understandable why she would do something like this.

“Never would I have expected that this girl was actually this beautiful. She truly concealed herself well. I actually didn’t manage to discover it in the past.” A smile appeared on Chu Feng’s face. As a man, how could he not want the woman beside him to be a great beauty? Even if he felt that it would not matter, deep in his heart, in the region that he could not control, he would still wish for that.

Thus, at this moment, Chu Feng was secretly delighted that Tantai Xue had given him such a pleasant surprise.

However, the reason why Chu Feng smiled was not because of Tantai Xue’s beautiful appearance. Rather, it was because his worry had lessened a lot after seeing Tantai Xue.

He had discovered that while Tantai Xue was tied up by chains, there were no injuries on her body. This meant that although Tantai Xue had been captured, she had not been tortured to extort a confession, she had not received any physical pain. This was good news.

“Chu Feng, this friend of yours is quite remarkable. She’s actually a rank two Half Martial Emperor, and stronger than even Yan Xie.” Suddenly, Hong Qiang’s voice transmission entered Chu Feng’s ears.

At this moment, Chu Feng came to a sudden realization. Earlier, his focus had completely been on Tantai Xue’s exceptional beauty, and he had actually neglected checking out her status. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Sure enough, Tantai Xue’s aura was many times stronger than before. She was actually a rank two Half Martial Emperor.

Chu Feng’s cultivation could be said to have advanced by leaps and bounds after he had arrived in the Holy Land of Martialism. However, he had, nevertheless, not managed to surpass Tantai Xue. Like before, he was still far behind her.

Tantai Xue’s talent for martial cultivation was truly frightening.