MGA: Chapter 1594 - Frantic Refinement

“Thank you, Brother Nangong, for your advice. Even if I cannot find Dragon Mark World Spirit Stones, it would still be pretty good if I am able to broaden my horizons by going to the Heavenly Law Auction that you mentioned,” Chu Feng had decided that he would go visit that Heavenly Law Auction It was as Chu Feng said, even if he could not find Dragon Mark World Spirit Stones, it would still be decent if he were able to broaden his horizons. After all, that auction was a place controlled by the Heavenly Law Palace. What sort of place was the Heavenly Law Palace? It was the strongest representation of human power. It was an existence even more powerful than the Four Clans, an existence that the Nine Powers could not compare with.

Furthermore, there would definitely be a lot of people who would sell goods there. Not only would Chu Feng be able to meet a lot of powerful existences, there would also be a lot of rare treasures. It might be possible that Chu Feng could find some interesting treasures there. For example, it might be possible for him to find cultivation resources there.

If he were truly able to obtain treasures that could rapidly increase his cultivation, then that Heavenly Law Auction was definitely a place that he must go.

After deciding where to go afterward, Chu Feng’s mood became extremely good. As he chatted with Nangong Ya and the others, time passed extremely quick. Soon, the sun had set completely and the sky had turned dark.

“Fuu, fuu, fuu~~~”

Suddenly, a gale began to blow from the center of that Immortal Cultivation Lake. The white mist that had covered the entire Immortal Cultivation Lake was being blown away by the gale. At this moment, the eyes of Chu Feng and the others started to shine.

。

As the white mist was blown away, starting from the center of the Immortal Cultivation Lake, dazzling multi-colored radiance could be seen. As it was nighttime, the radiance appeared even more dazzling.

That was the Immortal Cultivation Lake. This radiance was not only limited to the center of the lake. Instead, the entire lake was emitting this sort of radiance. It was as if what was before them wasn’t lake water at all. Instead, it looked as if it was formed of countless crystals and gems. Not only did the lake water possess many different colors, it also shone with brightness.

Actually, that was indeed no ordinary lake water. Everything in the Immortal Cultivation Lake was formed of precious treasures. That was because Chu Feng was already able to sense the dense natural energies contained within the lake before he had even set foot into it.

“Extraordinary indeed,” Even Chu Feng was startled. That was because this Immortal Cultivation Lake contained a remarkable amount of energy.

“What are you all hesitating for? While others have not come yet, let’s enter and seize the key moment,” Nangong Baihe was the first to jump into the Immortal Cultivation Lake. Furthermore, she quickly swam toward the center of the lake. Everyone knew that in a place like this, the center would contain more abundant amounts of energy.

In response, Chu Feng and the others also jumped into the lake in succession. After entering the lake, Chu Feng was overjoyed. The energies contained within this Immortal Cultivation Lake was truly too powerful. Likely, a lot of Natural Oddities were contained within this lake. Else, it would have been impossible for it to possess natural energies this strong.

In fact, it was not only limited to natural energy and martial energy. Chu Feng also felt very strong spirit energy from the lake. It was Dragon Mark royal-level spirit energy. Furthermore, all of these could be absorbed by Chu Feng.

Chu Feng was certain that he would be able to reach a breakthrough here. Not only would he reach a breakthrough in his cultivation, he might even be able to reach a breakthrough in his world spirit techniques.

Perhaps, if Chu Feng was lucky, he could become a Snake Mark Royal-level World Spiritist here. If he could really achieve that goal, then he would have truly killed two birds with one stone. This would have been an enormous opportunity. This journey to the Immortal Island would truly not have been in vain.

At this moment, Tantai Xue, Nangong Ya, Nangong Moli and Nangong Baihe all began to train.

As for Chu Feng, he was naturally no exception. He tightly closed his eyes. His lower body was in the water and his upper body was above the water. He began to form hand seals with his hands and operate mysterious techniques. At the same time, he began to activate the powerful refining power from his Inherited Bloodline contained within his dantain. He had begun to refine the natural energies and spirit energies contained within the lake.

Once Chu Feng began to refine the energies, he immediately felt a boundless amount of energy gathering toward him. In fact, at the moment when Chu Feng began to refine the energy, the water in the surrounding hundred meters around him started to dim.

Even though it had only dimmed for a moment, it remained that it had dimmed. This was a phenomenon caused by Chu Feng. That was because, other than Chu Feng, Tantai Xue and the others did not cause their surrounding water to dim at all.

Merely, even though the energies contained within this lake were extremely abundant, Chu Feng did not dare to be too excessive in his refinement of the energy. He feared that he would expose his Inherited Bloodline. Thus, he chose a very obscure and low-key method to refine the energy.

Using this sort of method, it naturally caused Chu Feng’s refinement speed to become much slower.

However, even with this being the case, the speed at which Chu Feng absorbed the energy contained within the Immortal Cultivation Lake was something that Tantai Xue and the others could not compare with.

Even with Tantai Xue, Nangong Ya, Nangong Baihe and Nangong Moli added together, the speed at which they absorbed the energy contained within the lake would still be far inferior to Chu Feng alone.

“They are truly unfortunate to be training together with you. The Divine Lightnings in your body are simply akin to ferocious beasts that can never be full. Their appetites are truly too enormous.”

At this moment, even Eggy was unable to contain herself and spoke. She truly felt that with Chu Feng here, the benefits Tantai Xue and the others would be able to obtain from this Immortal Cultivation Lake would be lessened enormously.

However, Eggy was very happy. After all, she wished for Chu Feng to become stronger from the bottom of her heart. Furthermore, she wanted him to become stronger as quickly as possible.

“It seems that the Immortal Cultivation Lake has already opened. We’ve come too late. Quickly, we have to enter it.”

“Damn it, how come the five of them are here this early? Judging by their appearances, they should have trained for quite some time in the lake already. Isn’t this a bit too unfair?”

“Enough. The five of them are people that managed to pass through the trials. Even if they managed to come here to train before us, it is something that we can only accept.”

Not long after they began to train, the lakeside became noisy again. A large group of people had arrived. Furthermore, once they arrived, they all jumped into the lake. Everyone had come. The people from the Nangong Imperial Clan, the people from the Beitang Imperial Clan, the King Monstrous Dragon Beasts and the people from the other powers had all come.

At this moment, there were many people who were discontent. They felt that it was unfair that Chu Feng and the others had arrived first. They were cursing and complaining nonstop. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

However, there were also people that felt this to only be natural. However, regardless of what they felt, all of the people here were able to sense the opportunities contained within this Immortal Cultivation Lake. This Immortal Cultivation Lake had not failed to live up to its name. It was indeed a sacred place for cultivators to train in. Furthermore, this was not only limited to martial cultivators. It was also enormously helpful to world spiritists.

Thus, as time passed, the crowd became immersed in training, and stopped saying anything anymore. All of them had began to wholeheartedly absorb the energies contained in the lake water. None of them wanted to miss any second of time.

At that moment, the lake became peaceful again...

The night grew deeper and deeper. Six whole hours passed. At this time, it was already very late into the night. However, the crowd was still immersed in training in the Immortal Cultivation Lake. However, practically everyone was able to sense that the energies contained within the Immortal Cultivation Lake were decreasing at a nonstop pace.

At this moment, there were people who became curious as to what was happening, and would open their eyes to look. Only after opening their eyes did they notice that the extremely beautiful Immortal Cultivation Lake that emitted multi-colored radiance had dimmed by over ten times.

“What’s going on? Even though the energies in this Immortal Cultivation Lake are not inexhaustible, they shouldn’t be disappearing this fast.”

At this moment, there were many people from the Immortal Island who were standing on the lakeside watching what was happening. When they saw the current Immortal Cultivation Lake, they were all shocked.

Suddenly, someone asked, “What do we do? Should we report this to the Weaponry Refinement Immortal?”

“It’s better that we report it to him.” After deciding to report this matter to the Weaponry Refinement Immortal, two old men left together. They had gone to report this matter. That was because what was going on was truly too strange. They did not dare to neglect a report to the Weaponry Refinement Immortal about this.