Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1598 - Revealing One’s Talent

“Very well. I shall let you see exactly what my talent is.”

Seeing that Beitang Zimo had accepted his demand, Chu Feng no longer hesitated. He began to train according to the hand seal method demonstrated by Baili Xinghe.

“Buzz~~~”

Right after Chu Feng started training, a ring of light began to flicker around him.

“How could this be...?” Seeing this scene, Beitang Zimo’s expression immediately changed. His body wavered as he took several steps backward.

The reason for that was because the thing that he was worried about the most had occurred. Chu Feng was not as weak as he had imagined him to be. Chu Feng was actually capable of triggering a ring of light. Wouldn’t this mean that he would have to slap himself before the crowd?

However, the matter that caused him to feel speechless was that after the first ring of light appeared around Chu Feng, the appearance of the rings of light did not stop.

After the first ring of light came a second one, a third one, a fourth one, a fifth one, a sixth one and a seventh one.

In merely a blink of an eye, seven rings of light had been triggered by Chu Feng. The speed at which this happened was so quick that the crowd were all speechless.

However, the most shocking thing was that Chu Feng’s rings of light did not stop. Soon, an eighth ring of light appeared. Chu Feng’s talent had reached the same level as Tantai Xue now.

At this moment, the crowd was in an uproar. It was not only limited to the people in the Immortal Cultivation Lake, even the people from the Immortal Island standing on the lakeside were extremely shocked.

They had truly never expected there to be another person other than Tantai Xue who possessed talent on par with Baili Xinghe.

At this moment, Baili Xinghe was feeling extremely unwell. That was because he himself knew that the actual number of rings of light that he had managed to trigger was seven instead of eight.

If there were only a single Tantai Xue with greater talent than him, then he would be able to accept it reluctantly. However, suddenly, a Chu Feng had popped out. Furthermore, Chu Feng possessed talent superior to his own too. This became extremely difficult for him to accept.

How come this many geniuses suddenly appeared in the Holy Land of Martialism? Merely from the people who had come to participate in the Weaponry Bestowment Assembly, there were two people with talent superior to Baili Xinghe’s.

This caused Baili Xinghe, who was extremely arrogant and thought everyone to be beneath him, to feel an enormous shock. He was feeling extremely unwell in his heart.

“Heavens, quickly, look, Chu Feng has triggered another ring of light. Nine rings of light! Chu Feng has triggered nine rings of light!”

Suddenly, someone cried out in alarm. Their voice was filled with disbelief. That was because that person discovered that after Chu Feng triggered the eighth ring of light, he had actually triggered another ring of light. Chu Feng had triggered a total of nine rings of light. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

“Damn it, I’m unable to stop it.”

At this moment when the crowd were all crying out in alarm, Chu Feng was feeling bitter. He was originally only planning to use Baili Xinghe’s method to trigger as many rings of light as Tantai Xue did and to stop right after.

However, to his surprise, after he used the method, rings of light began to appear nonstop. Furthermore, the hand seal had broken free from his control. It was as if he would not be able to stop the method from creating more rings of light unless he finished the test of talent.

In this sort of situation, Chu Feng had no other choice but to resign himself to fate. Thus, he decided that he might as well reveal his true talent to the crowd.

Therefore, when the ninth ring of light appeared, the tenth ring of light also appeared right after. In the end, Chu Feng triggered a total of ten rings of light.

At this moment, Chu Feng finally regained control over the testing method. As he saw the ten rings of light that surrounded him, Chu Feng felt extremely good. As he had only triggered two more rings of light than Tantai Xue, he figured that it would not cause too large of a commotion.

However, the reality was different from what he had expected. Tantai Xue’s eight rings of light had already been enough to shock everyone. As for Chu Feng’s ten rings of light, they were simply so shocking that many were unable to stand firmly anymore.

Genius, a true genius. A genius among geniuses who surpassed Tantai Xue and Baili Xinghe.

At this moment, not to mention those people who did not know Chu Feng, even those who knew him were extremely shocked.

Nangong Ya, Nangong Baihe, Nangong Moli and even Tantai Xue all had expressions of shock on their faces.

Even though they already knew that Chu Feng possessed enormous talent for martial cultivation, they did not expect Chu Feng’s talent to be this strong.

“Impossible! This is definitely impossible! You must have cheated! How could you possibly trigger ten rings of light? I, Beitang Zimo, am someone with exceptional talent. Yet, I only managed to trigger six rings of light. Yet you... mere trash whom I’ve never heard of, a mere rank eight Martial King, how could you possibly have triggered ten rings of light, how?”

“You cheated. You most definitely cheated!” Beitang Zimo was unable to accept the truth. This was no longer an issue of him slapping himself anymore. Instead, he was unwilling to accept the fact that the person who he thought to be trash actually possessed talent that greatly surpassed his own.

“Cheated? So it turns out that one can cheat on this? Very well, tell me, how does one cheat?” Chu Feng asked with a sneer.

“I don’t care. You cheated, that’s all that matters. You most definitely cheated,” Beitang Zimo insisted that Chu Feng had cheated.

“Turns out that you are truly unable to accept defeat with grace. Well, that’s fine too. I, Chu Feng, shall allow you to see, shall allow everyone present to see, whether I, Chu Feng, am cheating or not.”

As Chu Feng spoke, a trace of fierceness suddenly flashed in his eyes. Since he had revealed his talent, there was no need for Chu Feng to hold back anymore. Thus, he decided it might as well be time for him to properly show Beitang Zimo the gap between them, and have him know what the truth was.

“Boom~~~”

When Chu Feng continued training while using the hand seals, not only did he create ten rings of light, he even created a loud explosion. After the loud explosion was heard, the surrounding hundred meters of water began to surge. The water actually formed an enormous whirlpool.

The whirlpool began to spin. Following that, energies that could be seen with the naked eye swept toward Chu Feng. These energies were all absorbed and refined by Chu Feng.

Chu Feng had held back the entire time before. However, at this time, he held nothing back. He wanted to show everyone how powerful he, Chu Feng, was. He was determined to prove to them that his talent was real, and not something he had obtained by cheating.

In this sort of situation, Chu Feng no longer tried to conceal his cultivation. When Chu Feng’s rank nine Martial King cultivation was released, the crowd all thought that he had managed to break through on the spot.

At this moment, the crowd present all had wide-open eyes, tied tongues and expressions of dumbfoundedness all over their faces. That was because, with Chu Feng frantically training, they were able to see with their naked eyes how the energies in the Cultivation Immortal Lake disappeared.

At this moment, all of the mysteries were revealed. It turned out that it wasn’t that there was an issue with the Immortal Cultivation Lake. Rather, it had been because of Chu Feng.

Chu Feng, by himself, had increased the speed at which the energies in the Lake were consumed. Chu Feng had, by himself, nearly dried up the entire Immortal Cultivation Lake in six hours’ time.

In fact, the Immortal Cultivation Lake was completely dried up now. With Chu Feng going all-out in absorbing the energies, the Immortal Cultivation Lake had been dried up by him.

Finally, Chu Feng stopped. He had completely absorbed all of the energies contained in the Immortal Cultivation Lake. It could be said that he had not left a single bit of energy behind. Unfortunately, even though he had obtained an enormous amount of energy after breaking through to rank nine Martial King, he was still unable to break through to the Half Martial Emperor realm.

“You’ve seen it with your own eyes. Now, you should know whether I, Chu Feng, have cheated, right?” Chu Feng asked Beitang Zimo.

At this moment, Beitang Zimo was standing there motionlessly, as if he had been petrified. He had a very sluggish expression. It was as if he was scared witless and unable to utter a single word.

He had received an enormous shock.