Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1648 - The Might Of The Water Immortal

Just like this, Chu Feng began to secretly tail Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi.

The two of them had not gone through the teleportation formations controlled by the Nangong Imperial Clan. Instead, they had deliberately gone around the teleportation formations. Furthermore, when they discovered that there were people from the Nangong Imperial Clan nearby, they would deliberately evade them.

It would appear that the two of them also sneaked out of the Nangong Imperial Clan. Thus, they did not want the people from the Nangong Imperial Clan to know this.

However, their actions only served to provide Chu Feng with an opportunity.

At the moment when Nangong Tianshi, Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Moli proceeded toward the teleportation formation that was closest to the Nangong Imperial Clan’s territory, they would definitely pass through a remote and uninhabited land. After all, the Holy Land of Martialism was a very vast place. Regardless of how numerous the population was, they were still unable to fill every corner of the Holy Land of Martialism.

At this moment, Chu Feng had managed to successfully wait for an ample opportunity. They had arrived at a remote location with no sign of human life for a thousand miles around them. Like a phantom, Chu Feng appeared before Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi. He had blocked their path.

At this moment, Chu Feng revealed his anger without concealing anything at all. Even the weather was changed by his anger.

Violent gales began to form, and black clouds surged forth. Like the descent of a natural disaster, the earth darkened.

“Who are you? You actually dare to block our path? Do you know who we are?”

The sudden appearance of an individual that blocked their path and emitted such a strong anger caused Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi to frown. They knew that the person before them had not come with good intentions.

However, the two of them were not afraid because of this. Instead, they were very confident. With arrogant tones, they began to question Chu Feng.

After all, the two of them were both able to sense that the person who blocked their path was merely a rank nine Martial King, a nobody who they could drown to death with a single spit.

Such a nobody actually dared to block their path? He was most definitely courting death.

“The person you two wished to see the most,” Chu Feng said.

“What did you say?” The two men were startled.

Right at this moment, Chu Feng’s appearance began to change. Not only did his cultivation increase from rank nine Martial King to rank one Half Martial Emperor, he had also changed from a middle-aged man to his original appearance.

“Chu Feng, it’s you?” Sure enough, both Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi were shocked to see Chu Feng. However, their shock was immediately replaced with immense joy. They said, “Truly, there’s a path to heaven you refuse to take, and there’s no gate to hell, yet still you charge in. We were unable to find you, yet you actually came to us on your own initiative.”

“Release Moli,” Chu Feng said coldly. At this moment, he was worried about Nangong Moli the most.

“Yoh, I’d never expected that you would really be such a loyal person. You actually really came for us for the sake of this girl.”

“Haha, very well. We’ll hand her to you. After all, you will not be able to take her away anyways,” As Nangong Tianshi spoke, he released the shackles in his hands. Then, he threw Nangong Moli to Chu Feng like a meteor hammer.

His toss was no ordinary toss. It contained a certain amount of offensive nature to it. If Chu Feng were to catch Nangong Moli, he would definitely be injured. However, if he didn’t catch her, she would definitely be injured.

“Water Immortal Profound Technique.”

Right at this moment, with a thought, a boundless stream of water shot forth explosively from Chu Feng’s body and reached the incoming Nangong Moli.

“Woosh~~~”

At the moment when that stream of water touched Nangong Moli, the water suddenly changed into the shape of a man. This appearance was the appearance of the Water Immortal Profound Technique.

The Water Immortal Profound Technique caught Nangong Moli. However, the instant it caught her, a very powerful impulse exploded from Nangong Moli’s body and shattered the body of the Water Immortal Profound Technique, turning it into nothing more than splashes of water.

It was not that the Water Immortal Profound Technique was weak. Rather, it was that Nangong Tianshi’s strength was too strong. As a rank four Half Martial Emperor, he possessed a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation. Thus, his true battle power was on par with ordinary rank seven Half Martial Emperors.

As for the Water Immortal Profound technique, it was only a rank two Half Martial Emperor. Even though it also possessed heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation, it was evidently unable to withstand Nangong Tianshi’s attack.

However, the Water Immortal Profound Technique was not a secret skill for nothing. In the instant its body was shattered, it was immediately restored. Just like that, it grabbed Nangong Moli and brought her over to Chu Feng.

“Such a good secret skill actually ended up in the hands of trash like you. What a waste!”

Suddenly, Nangong Tianshi extended his hand and made a grabbing motion. Then, a golden-bright and dazzling hand formed with martial power grabbed toward Chu Feng.

“Water Immortal Profound Technique, block the two of them for me,” Right after Chu Feng finished saying those words, his eyes shone with lightning. Instantly, his Thunder Armor and Thunder Wings appeared together.

Chu Feng’s cultivation increased in a flash. From rank one Half Martial Emperor, he became a rank three Half Martial Emperor.

However, this was not the important matter. Most importantly, after Chu Feng’s cultivation increased, the Water Immortal Profound Technique’s cultivation also increased alongside his.

In a flash, the Water Immortal Profound Technique had reached the same level of cultivation as Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi. It had become a rank four Half Martial Emperor. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Sure enough, it was as the Water Immortal Profound Technique had said to him. Its strength would all depend on Chu Feng’s strength. Regardless of what cultivation Chu Feng was, it would be one level of cultivation above Chu Feng.

“That guy, what sort of method did he train to allow him to instantly increase his cultivation by two levels?”

Neither Nangong Tianhu nor Nangong Tianshi had anticipated that Chu Feng would have such a technique. The two of them were both shocked by it. After all, even for them, who possessed an Imperial Bloodline, they were only able to increase their battle power and not their actual cultivation.

“Hulalala~~~”

However, what shocked them the most would have to be the Water Immortal Profound Technique.

The Water Immortal Profound Technique’s reputation as one of the strongest secret skills in the Holy Land of Martialism was truly not a false reputation.

When its cultivation was on par with Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi, it was immediately able to reveal its divine might. Boundless waves of water hid the sky and covered the earth in an instant. In that instant, a sea was formed in the sky.

Most importantly, all of the waves of water contained frightening power. After the appearance of the floating sea, Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi, who were trapped within the waters, were immediately at a disadvantage.

Feeling helpless, the two of them activated their Imperial Bloodlines. When the golden-bright and dazzling ‘Imperial’ character appeared on their foreheads, their battle power immediately increased by a huge margin. They had actually become able to contend against the surging sea waves floating in the sky.

However, at this moment, all that the two of them were capable of doing was resisting the attacks of the Water Immortal Profound Technique. Furthermore, the two of them had to jointly defend together.

Seeing this scene, Chu Feng gasped in admiration at how powerful the Water Immortal Profound Technique was.

At this moment, the Water Immortal Profound Technique had fused with him. Thus, its consciousness was already gone.

However, the Water Immortal Profound Technique’s battle techniques were constantly changing. Furthermore, each and every skill was used at the perfect time. It was simply an expert with extremely abundant battle experience.

At this moment, it was able to fight two people on its own, and it was even capable of suppressing Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi. As for how it was accomplishing that, it was not by absolute strength. Rather, it was by using its abundant combat techniques.

The Water Immortal Profound Technique was capable of both attacking and defending. Furthermore, it was able to fight by itself without the need for Chu Feng to control it. It was much more powerful than Chu Feng’s White Tiger Slaughtering Technique.

However, it could not be said that Chu Feng’s Four Great Secret Skills were weak because of this. After all, Chu Feng’s Four Great Secret Skills were originally Sacred Beasts, real living things.

They were only turned into secret skills by Qing Xuantian because their bodies had been destroyed. Even though they were secret skills now, they were not real secret skills. Instead, they were only techniques to help Chu Feng in times of crisis. They had not really fused with Chu Feng’s body. Sooner or later, they would have to leave him and return to their actual bodies.

As for this Water Immortal profound Technique, it was through and through a secret skill. Thus, it was normal for the Four Great Secret Skills, the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermillion Bird and the Black Tortoise, to be weaker than the Water Immortal Profound Technique.