Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1706 - Rank Three Half Martial Emperor

For ordinary people, they would generally fear being disturbed while they trained. However, it was different for Chu Feng. Even with Baili Xuankong watching him like this, it did not affect his training.

Furthermore, after Chu Feng refined the third Natural Oddity, he reached a breakthrough to rank three Half Martial Emperor. Afterward, Chu Feng completely refined the remaining two Natural Oddities, as well as the many other cultivation resources.

Unfortunately, the appetite of the Divine Lightnings in Chu Feng’s body became more and more enormous. The Natural Energies contained within the remaining cultivation resources were simply not enough to satisfy his Divine Lightnings.

This time around, Chu Feng had refined a lot of Natural Oddities and rare cultivation resources; however, in the end, he was still only able to increase his cultivation by a single level, and become a rank three Half Martial Emperor.

That being said, Chu Feng was very satisfied with this result.

“Thank you Lord Ancestor for the gift. Otherwise, it would be impossible for me to reach a breakthrough this quickly,” After Chu Feng stood back up, he turned to express his thanks to Baili Xuankong.

“With this many cultivation resources, you only managed to break through a single level?” Baili Xuankong was very surprised.

“To tell the truth, Lord Ancestor, with each break through in cultivation, the Natural Energies my dantian requires will double. It is basically impossible for me to calculate how much more Natural Energy I will need. However, one thing is certain: the amount I require will become more and more frightening,” When mentioning this matter, Chu Feng also had an expression of helplessness.

“That’s alright, cultivation resources can be gathered slowly. Even though you only managed to break through one level of cultivation, with it being you, even if you do not have an absolute certainty of victory against the younger generation of the Four Imperial Clans, you should still be able to match them.”

“That being said, I have a question that I wish to ask you,” Baili Xuankong said.

“Lord Ancestor, please go ahead and ask,” Chu Feng said.

“You really only need sufficient amounts of cultivation resources in order to reach a breakthrough in cultivation without the need to comprehend the true essence of the path of martial cultivation and search for the turning point to break through?” Baili Xuankong asked.

“I have reached bottlenecks before. However, I managed to quickly find the turning point for breaking through. The way it would appear now, unless it’s to break through to Martial Emperor from Half Martial Emperor, I will likely not run into any bottlenecks,” Chu Feng said with a smile.

“Sss~~~” Hearing those words, Baili Xuankong was unable to contain himself and sucked in a mouthful of cold air. Then, he said, “Truly, it hurts to compare to you. With your talent, I fear that describing you as a genius would be inadequate.”

“However, I dare to guarantee one thing. Since ancient times, you are the only person in the Holy Land of Martialism capable of accomplishing this.”

“With the talent that you possess, if you do not become an overlord, who else would possibly be able to become an overlord?” When Baili Xuankong said these words, he had an expression filled with pride. He was very proud to have a disciple like Chu Feng. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Chu Feng will definitely not disappoint Ancestor,” Chu Feng said with an expression of confidence. This was not Chu Feng being arrogant. After all, Chu Feng’s target was the Outer World; his clan was located in the Outer World.

If he could not even become an Overlord in the Holy Land of Martialism, how could he possibly be able to reach the Outer World and contend against the heroes there? How would he be able to retaliate against his clan that had cast him away and imprisoned his father?

“I trust you,” Baili Xuankong said to Chu Feng. He was also filled with the same sort of confidence. Then, he said, “Go and return to the Luo Family and bid your farewells to them. We’ll set off immediately after.”

“Even though the Four Clan’s younger generation’s sparring will not start until tomorrow, it seems that the Nine Powers’ disciple’s contest will start today. Even though there is no time limit to it, it is still better to arrive sooner in case anything unexpected were to happen.”

“This disciple understands,” Hearing that, Chu Feng did not hesitate, and directly returned to the Luo Family.

It must be said that Yin Chengkong and Guan Hong were rather quick in the way they handled things. Chu Feng had actually not left the Luo Family for very long. However, by the time Chu Feng returned, Yin Chengkong and Guan Hong were both gone, and the memories of everyone from the Luo Family had been altered by the two of them.

After returning to the Luo Family, Chu Feng did not try to chat with the people from the Luo Family for too long. Instead, he directly brought Du Wanwu and Goudan’er to a location.

He wanted the two of them to wait for him here. He was planning to come back and find them after he returned from Mooncloud City.

Suddenly, Du Wanwu said, “Chu Feng, perfect timing on your return. I wanted to bid my farewells to you.”

“Bid farewell? Where are you planning to go? Are you really not planning to return to the Poison Demon’s Valley?” Chu Feng asked.

“I’m not returning,” Du Wanwu smiled. Then, he said, “Chu Feng, I think of you as my friend. There is one thing that I wish to ask you for. I hope that you will be able to help me. However, even if you do not help me with it, I will also not blame you for it.”

“What is it? Speak away,” Chu Feng said straightforwardly.

“If I die, do not bring my body back. However, if I am alive but am not acting like a human should be, please bring this to me. It might be able to stop me,” Du Wanwu handed Chu Feng a green crystal pendant.

“What is this? Exactly what do you mean by those words? If you really take me as a friend, explain yourself more clearly,” Chu Feng said.

“I...” Du Wanwu started to hesitate. He hesitated for quite a while before heaving out a sigh. Then, he said, “Fine, you’ll know about this sooner or later anyways.”

“Chu Feng, I actually deceived you earlier. I know how powerful the Inherited Gu is. I also know how dangerous it is.”

“Do you know why my skin is green? Ever since the day I was born, I have been tempering my body with special poisons all for the sake of this Inherited Gu.”

“I am going to refine this Inherited Gu and obtain the power contained within it. However, whose power was this Inherited Gu from? It’s from my Ancestor. I am going to inherit my Ancestor’s power. It will be very difficult and very dangerous,” Du Wanwu said.

“Ancestor? You’re saying... the Poison Demon?!!”

“Are you saying that this Inherited Gu is formed from the Poison Demon? You’re saying that the Poison Demon made himself into this Inherited Gu?” Chu Feng was incomparably shocked. He had anticipated that this Inherited Gu was made from people. However, he did not expect that the Poison Demon had used himself to create this Inherited Gu. This was truly ruthless.

“Mn, the Inherited Gu was refined by my Ancestor using his own cultivation and body. He did that with the intention of there being a descendant capable of inheriting his strength.”

“Furthermore, this Inherited Gu has matured. The power it contains now is likely much more powerful than the strength my Ancestor possessed at his peak,” Du Wanwu said.

At this moment, even though Chu Feng was extremely shocked, he still came to a sudden realization as to why Du Wanwu was named Du Wanwu. He also came to know why Du Wanwu wanted to retrieve the Inherited Gu this urgently.

It turned out that he was planning to become the second Poison Demon. Furthermore, he was going to become a Poison Demon even more powerful than the Poison Demon from fifteen thousand years ago.

“It is definitely going to be dangerous to inherit the strength of such a powerful Gu. Death is a great possibility. However, I do not think that death will be the only possibility,” Chu Feng said.

“You’re right. There is a large possibility of death. In fact, the possibility of success is extremely small.”

“However, other than death and success, there is one other possibility. That is, I will have obtained the strength of my Ancestor, but failed to control the strength and lost my mind in the process. At that time, I will become a beast, a person without intelligence, someone filled with only murderous intent,” Du Wanwu said.

“I finally understand why you do not want to return to the Poison Demon’s Valley now. You fear that you will harm your clansmen after returning to the Poison Demon’s Valley,” Chu Feng said.

“Mn,” Du Wanwu nodded.

“Then, this jade pendant will be able to save you?” Chu Feng asked. [1. Yes, I know, it said green crystal pendant earlier. Not sure why it’s a jade pendant now. Well, I guess a jade is generally a green rock and a crystal is also a rock... so...]

“This jade pendant might be able to wake me up. However, this is only a possibility. If I am to really become a demon, I will definitely be extremely dangerous. Thus... you can choose to not help me,” Du Wanwu said.

“No, I’ll help you,” Chu Feng accepted the jade pendant and said, “It doesn’t matter whether or not my friends are demons or not. However, I will not watch without doing anything as a friend of mine turns into a walking corpse.”