Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1712 - Exactly Who Is It?

Chu Feng continued onward, and soon arrived at the end of the vast cave.

Merely, the scene that appeared before Chu Feng right now greatly surprised him.

There were a lot of people gathered here. Other than the disciples from the Firerain Hall, Jadewater Temple and Cyanwood Mountain, the rest of the Nine Powers’ disciples were basically all present.

However, it remained that the Nine Powers’ disciples numbered very few. However, there were over six thousand people gathered at this location. This served to illustrate that the majority of the participants in this competition were people outside of the Nine Powers.

At the end of the cave was a tall platform. On the platform hovered a title plate. That title plate was shining with light. It should be a key, as there was a large gate above the platform.

The gate was a world spirit gate. A defensive barrier encircled the world spirit gate. However, Chu Feng felt that the defensive barrier would automatically disappear when a certain time was reached.

When that defensive barrier disappeared, one would be able to open the world spirit gate using the key that hovered on the platform.

Without a doubt, the person who walked out of that world spirit gate would be the victor of this competition.

From this, it could be seen that this had been set up by the Mooncloud City. They did not wish for the first person to reach this location to be able to become the victor. That was why they had set up a defensive barrier around the world spirit gate.

Their purpose was to have everyone reach this place and then fight one another in order to determine the strongest person that would be qualified to obtain that key.

While their plans were good, reality did not work the same as they had planned at all. This was also the reason why Chu Feng was surprised upon reaching this place.

At this moment, many strong individuals were gathered below that tall platform. There were familiar faces among them.

For example, the twin sisters Nie Wan’er and Nie Xi’er. Currently, the two of them had become rank one Half Martial Emperors. Their cultivation was sufficient for them to become the strongest in the Nine Powers, and allowed them to tower over many of the other people present.

However, at this moment, those two sisters were unqualified to even get onto the platform. The reason for that was because there were three people on the tall platform.

Of those three people, one among them was someone who Chu Feng recognized.

He was a man. This man was very young, and possessed the cultivation of a rank two Half Martial Emperor. He was very handsome and possessed the sort of appearance that girls were fond of. However, one could feel a trace of maliciousness between his eyes.

Most importantly, this man was wearing a Royal World Spiritist cloak with snake-like veined patterns on it. Evidently, his world spiritist technique was even more eye-catching than his cultivation, as he was a Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist.

As for this man, he was the White-browed Immortal’s personal disciple, Meng Xiaoyan.

Back in the Nangong Imperial Clan, this Meng Xiaoyan had joined hands with Nangong Tianlong and the others to deliberately make things difficult for Chu Feng. However, he was instead made a fool of by Chu Feng and ended up having to suffer grievances.

Never would Chu Feng have imagined that even he would come join the excitement of this Nine Powers competition.

However, Meng Xiaoyan evidently did not possess sufficient strength for Chu Feng to be concerned about. The person Chu Feng was concerned about was the person who stood beside Meng Xiaoyan.

It was another man. However, unlike Meng Xiaoyan, this man possessed a very buff and tall build and a soldierly appearance. He was a sort of very manly-looking man.

While he had a manly appearance, he was not a burly man filled with muscles. Instead, he was the sort of manly man that emitted airs of maturity and charisma.

This man was also wearing a Royal World Spiritist cloak with Snake Marks, which meant that he was also a Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist.

However, not only did this man possess a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation, he was also a rank three Half Martial Emperor. His strength was above that of Meng Xiaoyan.

From the quiet discussions of the surrounding crowd, Chu Feng came to know about the identity of this man.

This man’s name was Jian Xu. He was the personal disciple of the Ten Immortals’ Avaricious Immortal.

Chu Feng had heard about that Avaricious Immortal before. As his name implied, he was a person who loved money as much as his own life. For personal gains, he was willing to cooperate with all powers.

Reportedly, the best of the Seven Rainbow Swords was in the Avaricious Immortal’s hands.

Other than Jian Xu and Meng Xiaoyan, there was another man. This man was the World Spiritist Alliance’s Assembly Master, the Ten Immortals’ World Spiritist Immortal’s personal disciple, Mu Juechen.

This Mu Juechen possessed the cultivation of a rank two Half Martial Emperor. He had come here on the order of the World Spiritist Immortal to obtain the victor spot in this competition so that he could confront the younger generation of the Four Powers.

However, at this moment, not only was Mu Juechen badly battered with a bloody nose, a swollen face and a body covered with blood, he was also hung upside down from the tall platform by others using world spirit techniques. Furthermore, the word ‘trash’ was written over his body in very large writing.

It really could be said that he had been utterly disgraced!!!

“Mu Juechen, oh Mu Juechen, you’re the strongest among the Nine Powers’ disciples, no?”

“But, why are you this useless? Isn’t this place known as the Nine Powers’ competition? But everyone, look at this, what are the main characters of this competition, the disciples of the Nine Powers, doing? Is watching from the sidelines all you all can do?”

“Nine Powers, what trash.”

That Jian Xu walked over to Mu Juechen and mocked him as he slapped his face.

In this sort of situation, the crowd began to wildly discuss this matter. They were all starting to doubt the strength of the Nine Powers. After all, at this moment, the Nine Powers was truly being disgraced.

Faced with Jian Xu’s mockery, Mu Juechen tightly closed his eyes and bit down on his teeth without saying anything. He was enduring everything.

When even he had to endure the humiliation, the rest of the Nine Powers’ disciples, even though they were feeling very displeased, had no choice but to endure too. After all, they did not wish to be hung upside down on that tall platform like Mu Juechen.

“Aren’t you being excessive?” Right at the moment when everyone was silent, Chu Feng suddenly spoke.

As a disciple of the Nine Powers, he would naturally not stand by and watch as the Nine Powers was ridiculed by others in such a manner before his eyes.

“Yoh, there’s actually a rank three Half Martial Emperor here. Which sect or school might you be from? What is your name?” Upon seeing Chu Feng, not to mention the others, even that Jiang Xu’s eyebrows were raised in shock.

After all, among the younger generation, other than the people from the Four Clans and Three Palaces, not many were able to reach that level of cultivation.

“Who I am is not important. What’s important is that I cannot bear to see the way you all are acting.”

Chu Feng stepped onto the tall platform and spoke with a cold voice, “What, you two look down on the disciples of the Nine Powers very much, was it? But, what about you two? Who do you think you are?” UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

“Who do we think we are? The two of us are respectively the personal disciples of the Avaricious Immortal and the White-browed Immortal! And you ask who we think we are?!” Meng Xiaoyan spoke with a cold voice.

“Heh...” Chu Feng did not answer Meng Xiaoyan, and only snorted disdainfully. The contempt in his actions was extremely obvious.

“You are truly one who refuses the face given to you. Brother Jiang Xu, there’s no need for you to dirty your hand with trash like him. I will be able to settle him.”

As Meng Xiaoyan spoke, with a thought, his world spirit power began to surge toward Chu Feng to crush him like a tide.

He was so confident that he did not even bother to use martial power, and was instead planning on crushing Chu Feng with only world spirit techniques, so as to display his greatness of being the White-browed Immortal’s disciple, the might of a Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist.

Unfortunately, the person he faced was not an ordinary rank three Half Martial Emperor. Instead, it was Chu Feng.

“Boom~~~”

Chu Feng decided to best Meng Xiaoyan at his own game. Like him, surging world spirit power began to be emitted from Chu Feng. His world spirit power turned into an overflowing wave. Not only did he instantly scatter Meng Xiaoyan’s world spirit power, he also smashed Meng Xiaoyan onto the tall platform like a dead fish. Meng Xiaoyan’s muscles and bones were all broken. His entire body was covered with blood. He had the appearance of a dying person as he twitched nonstop...

“This...”

Seeing this scene, the crowd revealed expressions of disbelief.

At this time, Mu Juechen had opened his tightly closed eyes. When he saw the scene before him, he revealed an incomparably shocked expression.

Such a powerful world spirit power, not to mention him, it was likely that not even Jian Xu would be able to match up to that world spirit power.

“Exactly who are you?” Jian Xu’s gaze grew cautious as he asked Chu Feng in a very serious manner.

As matters stood, he already realized that this ordinary-looking young man before him was not someone ordinary at all.