Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1718 - One Against Two

In terms of pressure, it would naturally be Nangong Tianlong who was feeling the greatest amount of pressure at that moment.

However, this time around, he had to fight. Regardless of whether it might be victory or defeat, he had no way out.

If he were to fight, then even if he were to be defeated, he would be defeated honorably. After all, Ximen Feixue was publicly acknowledged to be the strongest member of the younger generation.

However, if he didn’t fight, not only would his name and reputation be completely ruined, his Nangong Imperial Clan would also be looked down upon by others.

Thus, after a struggle in his heart, Nangong Tianlong jumped forth with overflowing determination like a wild dragon. Then, he landed steadily onto the stage, standing directly across from Ximen Feixue.

“Tink~~~”

At the moment he landed, a blue sword appeared in Nangong Tianlong’s hand.

This sword was no ordinary sword. Not only did it emit a bright glimmer and strong power, it also contained incomparable imposing might, an Emperor’s might.

This was an actual Incomplete Imperial Armament, one of the Seven Rainbow Swords, the Blue Rainbow Sword.

Nangong Tianlong knew that Ximen Feixue was very powerful, and that he would most likely lose. However, even if he were to lose, he was determined to lose elegantly. Thus, he had decided to take out the Blue Rainbow Sword right away, because he did not dare to be careless against Ximen Feixue.

“Ximen Feixue, I know that you are proficient with swords, and possess the Incomplete Imperial Armament ‘Heavenly Immortal Sword’.

“Although this Blue Rainbow Sword of mine is not as famous as your Heavenly Immortal Sword, it is also an actual Incomplete Imperial Armament created by the renowned Grandmaster Rainbow.”

“To fight against your Heavenly Immortal Sword using my Blue Rainbow Sword would be a fair battle.”

“Ximen Feixue, unleash your sword. Today, regardless of victory or defeat, we shall at least fight to our heart’s content,” Nangong Tianlong pointed at Ximen Feixue with his sword and spoke in a very heroic manner.

“Even though you are also a rank five Half Martial Emperor, you are not qualified for me to unleash my sword,” Ximen Feixue said coldly.

“What did you say?” Hearing those words, Nangong Tianlong’s expression immediately changed. From his earlier excited expression, he now had an extremely ugly expression.

“I said, you are not qualified for me to unleash my sword,” Ximen Feixue repeated himself.

“You are truly arrogant!” At this moment, Nangong Tianlong was enraged. Even though he himself felt that he was not a match for Ximen Feixue, he did not feel that Ximen Feixue would be able to defeat him without the use of his Incomplete Imperial Armament.

What Ximen Feixue said was equivalent to publicly humiliating him. He had regarded Ximen Feixue as his opponent. Yet, Ximen Feixue had insulted him in such a manner. As such, how could Nangong Tianlong not be enraged?

In anger, Nangong Tianlong’s Blue Rainbow Sword trembled. Right away, cold radiated with surging killing intent. Like a magnificent army of thousands of men and horses, the might of Nangong Tianlong’s sword charged toward Ximen Feixue.

However, faced with such a powerful attack, Ximen Feixue stood where he was without even moving. Even though the violent gale was blowing on him, swaying his clothes, and stirring his hair, his expression remained unchanged. He did not show the slightest bit of fear.

It was only when Nangong Tianlong fused with his sword and turned into a ray of light that shot toward him did Ximen Feixue’s gaze reveal chilliness. Then, Ximen Feixue actually stepped forward. He had not retreated from Nangong Tianlong, but instead advanced. In the end, he had a brief encounter with Nangong Tianlong.

“Woosh~~~”

After the brief exchange of attacks, Ximen Feixue was completely unharmed when he landed on the ground. However, Nangong Tianlong fell to the ground with a ‘putt.’ Not only that, his Blue Rainbow Sword had also flown out of his hand.

At this moment, the crowd noticed that a palm mark had appeared on Nangong Tianlong’s abdomen. That palm mark had split open his surrounding clothes and burst his skin apart, leaving a firm imprint on his muscles and bones. It was precisely that palm mark that had injured him.

Even though the battle between the two of them only lasted an instant, the outcome of the battle was already determined.

“So strong.”

At this moment, the crowd all revealed expressions of shock.

Even though they had heard that Ximen Feixue was very powerful, to be able to defeat Nangong Tianlong, who possessed the same cultivation as him and held an Incomplete Imperial Armament in his hand, this was simply too powerful.

“A heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting four levels of cultivation?” At this moment, Chu Feng’s heart moved slightly. He had felt Ximen Feixue’s battle power. His battle power was likely not only capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation.

“No, although it’s very powerful, it’s still only capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation,” However, Chu Feng soon rejected his earlier guess.

Even though the battle power Ximen Feixue had revealed was very strong, the sensation of it was still only that of a battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation, and not four.

“To be able to accomplish this sort of feat with the same cultivation and battle power, not only has he grasped outstanding battle techniques, he also possesses exceptional talent.”

“This Ximen Feixue is truly powerful. In the future, he might even really end up obtaining a battle power capable of surmounting four levels of cultivation.”

Even though Chu Feng was already aware that Ximen Feixue would be a very formidable opponent, he had not anticipated that he would be this strong. He was even stronger than Chu Feng had anticipated.

With how powerful Ximen Feixue was, even Chu Feng did not have absolute certainty in being able to defeat him.

“This match is Ximen Feixue’s victory. Nangong Tianlong is eliminated.”

“Feng Xing, it’s time for you to continue with your challenge. You can choose to challenge any of the Four Clans’ younger generation that have not been eliminated,” The Mooncloud City’s City Master said.

“That’s truly quite quick,” At this moment, Chu Feng walked back onto the stage.

Ximen Feixue just so happened to be walking down from the stage. Thus, the two of them had a brief encounter.

Upon seeing Chu Feng, Ximen Feixue sent a voice transmission to him, “Pick the weak ones to challenge. I’ll take care of the others for you.”

“What do you mean by that?” Chu Feng asked.

“You’ll know,” Ximen Feixue smiled. Then, he walked down from the stage.

At this moment, Nangong Tianshi and Nangong Tianhu both got onto the stage. They were planning to help their big brother down from the stage.

“

“You two, there’s no need for you to leave,” Chu Feng said with a smile.

“What did you say?” Nangong Tianshi and Nangong Tianhu asked simultaneously. They did not understand what Chu Feng meant by that.

“Earlier, your big brother threatened me. Originally, I had planned to teach him a lesson. However, never would I expect for him to be this useless, and be defeated by a single strike.”

“Now he’s already been eliminated, but the anger in my heart is still present. There’s nothing I can do other than vent my anger on you two. After all, the two of you are his younger brothers.”

“However, it’s obvious that you two are inferior to your big brother. To fight the two of you one at a time would be too boring. Thus, you two might as well come at me together,” Chu Feng said with a beaming smile.

“Feng Xing, are you planning to challenge the two of them together?” Mooncloud City’s City Master asked. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“City Master, that is precisely my intention. Is that feasible?” Chu Feng asked.

“If you want that, it is naturally fine,” Mooncloud City’s City Master laughed lightly. He longed for Chu Feng to be eliminated sooner. Thus, how could he not accept Chu Feng’s request to fight two people alone?

“In that case, two sirs, are you two prepared to be defeated by me?”

At this moment, Nangong Tianlong had been brought down the stage by the other people from the Nangong Imperial Clan. Only Nangong Tianshi and Nangong Tianhu were standing across from Chu Feng.

“You are truly arrogant and conceited. Do you really think that you can defeat us two brothers?”

“We will let you know what it means by not knowing the vastness of the heavens and the immensity of the earth,” Nangong Tianshi and Nangong Tianhu sneered.

First Chu Feng had defeated their younger sister. Now, he was looking down on them and publicly provoking them.

This caused the two of them that already harbored hatred for Chu Feng to want to quickly teach him a lesson, to show him how powerful they were, and help their Nangong Imperial Clan win back some honor.

“Oh? You brothers are real strong?”

“Back then, the two people that that fellow by the name of Chu Feng stripped naked and hung upside down on top of the city walls, wasn’t it the two of you?” Chu Feng asked with a smile.

“What? Chu Feng!” Hearing those words, the crowd were all shocked. Who was Chu Feng? They naturally all knew him. He was the person for whom the Nangong Imperial Clan had placed wanted posters all over the Holy Land of Martialism not long ago.

However, they had all heard that Chu Feng’s cultivation was not very strong, and that he had already been killed.

What? That Chu Feng had actually beaten the two Nangong Imperial Clan’s princes, stripped them and hung them upside down from the city gate?

This was something that they had never heard of before.

Could it be that the Nangong Imperial Clan had put out wanted posters for Chu Feng’s arrest because of this matter?

Moreover, with that Chu Feng’s cultivation, could he really have defeated Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi?

All of a sudden, the crowd began to guess about this matter. They were very skeptical of what Chu Feng had said.

“What did you say? Don’t you dare continue to blabber nonsense!” At this moment, Nangong Tianhu and Nangong Tianshi’s expressions took a huge change.

The two of them knew very well that the man before them was not lying. What he had said was all true.