Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1720 - Worthy Of Admiration

“If you are not defeated within three attacks from me, it will be your victory,” Sure enough, after getting on the stage, Dongfang Zexuan appeared extremely arrogant. It turned out that he had not only not placed the younger generation of the World Spiritist Alliance in his eyes, he had also not placed Nangong Ya in his eyes.

“It’s merely a sparring match. Regardless of the outcome, it will further the friendship between the Four Clans. Is there a need for such aggression?” Nangong Ya smiled lightly. He did not have the heart to battle at all. Thus, he was not angered by Dongfang Zexuan’s provocation.

“The victor is the king and the loser is the thief. This has been the rule of the world since ancient times.”

“While your words and actions might appear to be good behavior, it is actually only the attitude of someone who doesn’t dare to fight. You are merely finding an excuse for your failure.”

Dongfang Zexuan laughed coldly. To him, what Nangong Ya had said was extremely funny. This only caused him to look down on Nangong Ya even more.

“Woosh~~~”

Faced with Dongfang Zexuan acting in this manner, Nangong Ya did not bother with superfluous words. He flipped his palm and took out his Incomplete Imperial Armament copy.

As cold light flickered, his footsteps began to change. His speed instantly increased. Like an arrow shot out from the bow, he charged forward explosively.

While he was as fast as lightning, his movements were nimble and constantly changing. He first arrived behind Dongfang Zexuan. Then, he craftily shifted to attack Dongfang Zexuan from another direction. His movements were firm and natural, and displayed the strength that he possessed well.

Unfortunately, there was a difference of an entire level of cultivation between the two of them. Furthermore, they both possessed battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation. This enormous gap that could not be made up for gave Dongfang Zexuan absolute superiority over Nangong Ya.

At the moment when Nangong Ya’s attack was about to arrive, Dongfang Zexuan’s body suddenly shifted. Not only had he dodged Nangong Ya’s attack, he had also unleashed an attack at the same time. His palm directly smashed onto Nangong Ya’s body.

“Bang~~~”

Once the palm struck his body, Nangong Ya immediately suffered a crushing defeat. Not only did he lose grasp of his Incomplete Imperial Armament, he himself was also knocked flying into the crowd.

Fortunately, he was caught by the people from the crowd. Otherwise, the impulse from the knockback would definitely have caused him to become even more injured. However, even with this being the case, Nangong Ya was still vomiting blood nonstop. His blood dyed his lapel red, and his aura became extremely weak. Dongfang Zexuan’s palm strike could be said to have been extremely ruthless. It had nearly taken away Nangong Ya’s life.

In a sparring match, one should not have used such a ruthless attack. However, not only had Dongfang Zexuan used such a ruthless attack on Nangong Ya, he even said disdainfully, “You actually can’t even withstand a single attack. You are truly pitifully weak. With your strength, it’s better that you do not come and make a disgrace out of yourself next time.”

“Hahahaha...” After a series of mockeries, Dongfang Zexuan burst into loud laughter.

Dongfang Zexuan’s ridiculing laughter began to echo through the surroundings. This caused the people from the Nangong Imperial Clan to frown deeply. Their complexions had turned blue.

Nangong Ya, the final competitor of their Nangong Imperial Clan, had been defeated just like this. Furthermore, not only was he defeated, he was defeated miserably, and then ridiculed in such a manner. This caused the people from the Nangong Imperial Clan to be unable to raise their heads.

If they had known that this sparring between the younger generation would end in such a manner for them, even if they were to be beaten to death, they would not have even come to participate.

How could this possibly be said to be participating in a spar between members of the younger generation? This was simply publicly disgracing themselves.

“This match is Dongfang Zexuan’s victory. Nangong Ya is eliminated. Next match, the challenger Feng Xing shall make his challenge,” Mooncloud City’s City Master said.

After Mooncloud City’s City Master said those words, Dongfang Zexuan planned to leave. However, right at this moment, Chu Feng suddenly jumped up and then landed onto the stage with a ‘boom,’ like a meteor. He landed before Dongfang Zexuan and blocked his path.

“There’s no need for you to go,” Chu Feng said to Dongfang Zexuan.

“Me? There are no grievances nor grudges between us. Why are you challenging me?” Seeing that Chu Feng was planning to challenge him, Dongfang Zexuan started to frown. Evidently, he did not expect that Chu Feng would challenge him.

“Mooncloud City’s City Master, I wish to challenge Dongfang Zexuan, is that possible?” Chu Feng ignored Dongfang Zexuan and directly asked Mooncloud City’s City Master.

“Of course,” Mooncloud City’s City Master nodded.

“Woosh~~~”

Seeing that Mooncloud City’s City Master had agreed to the challenge, Dongfang Zexuan immediately leapt backwards to distance himself from Chu Feng. Then, he said, “Feng Xing, you wish to challenge me? That is completely fine.”

“However, too many people have competed with one another using martial power on this stage. It is truly boring.”

“I see that your world spirit techniques are quite decent. How about this? The two of us shall change the way we compete. Let’s compete in world spirit techniques and not martial power. What do you say about that?”

Once Dongfang Zexuan said those words, the crowd immediately started to discuss the matter wildly. Even though the crowd all wanted to watch a match of world spirit powers, they actually all knew that Dongfang Zexuan was afraid of Chu Feng.

He did not dare to compete with Chu Feng using martial power. That was the real reason why he was requesting a match of world spirit techniques.

After all, Chu Feng had already revealed his absolute strength when he had defeated Nangong Tianshi and Nangong Tianhu earlier.

His strength was extremely powerful; he could be said to be a peak existence among the younger generation. Not to mention Dongfang Zexuan, a lot of the other people present were also afraid of Chu Feng.

Seemingly afraid that Chu Feng would not accept the condition, Dongfang Zexuan continued. “Feng Xing, while I mainly focus upon cultivating my martial power, I am actually also extremely proficient with world spirit techniques. Although I am not taught by a great master, I am actually considered a genius in world spirit techniques.”

“Furthermore, I mainly focus on the world spirit techniques’ slaughtering technique. Thus, even if your world spirit techniques are extremely powerful, I might as well tell you this; you will not necessarily be able to win against me in a fight of world spirit techniques.”

With a thought, golden-bright and dazzling world spirit energy surged out from his body. They turned into many golden dragons. Those golden dragons were very vivid and lifelike. As the dragons revolved around Dongfang Zexuan, they began to emit intimidating roars. The might of those dragons was extremely powerful.

Many people’s eyes started to shine upon seeing this scene. The reason for that was because there were snake-like veined patterns moving about within those golden dragons.

Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist! The Dongfang Imperial Clan’s Third Prince was actually a Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist!

The crowd was incomparably shocked. After all, very few people of the younger generation were capable of becoming Royal-cloak World Spiritists. As for those that were capable of becoming Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritists, they were even fewer in number.

Logically, the number of the Holy Land of Martialism’s youngerer generation that were capable of accomplishing such a feat could be counted on one hand.

However, there shouldn’t be anyone from the Four Clans among those members of the younger generation. After all, the Four Great Imperial Clans placed the most importance on martial cultivation. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Perhaps it might be due to the fact that they possessed Imperial Bloodlines, but the people from the Four Clans were generally not very talented in terms of world spirit techniques.

Thus, Dongfang Zexuan’s display of his attainments in world spirit techniques would naturally shock the crowd and make them feel disbelief.

He possessed such a powerful cultivation, and was also a Snake Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist. He was an expert in two fields, a well-rounded genius.

“Amazing, no wonder Dongfang Zexuan is this arrogant. It seems that child possesses the qualifications to be arrogant.”

At this moment, not to mention the others, even the people from the Four Clans were praising Dongfang Zexuan repeatedly.

Hearing the praise and gasps of surprise coming from all around, the people from the Dongfang Imperial Clan were all carrying smiles on their faces. They were feeling very honored.

As for Dongfang Zexuan himself, he was immensely proud of himself and grinning from ear to ear.

Right at that moment, Chu Feng suddenly spoke. “The Dongfang Imperial Clan’s Third Prince’s world spirit techniques are indeed quite excellent. I do not doubt this at all. After all, I have heard about your past achievements.”

“Back then, you challenged the World Spiritist Alliance’s youngerer generation in world spirit techniques, and had to run away with your tail between your legs after being taught a lesson. What you did was truly worthy of admiration.”