Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1723 - The Might Of A Single Fist

Following Chu Feng’s utterance, ‘I insist on fighting this match,’ the sky started to change in color.

Thunder and lightning suddenly appeared. Violent wind began to blow. In an instant, everyone in this vast space felt a chilly sensation.

This chilliness was not caused by the wind. Instead, this chilliness originated from within their bodies, within their hearts. They felt this chilliness after hearing what Chu Feng said.

Chu Feng’s single phrase had shocked and intimidated all of them. This was not something that ordinary people could accomplish.

“Lord City Master, since this Feng Xing is unable to differentiate good from bad, I request that you allow him to challenge Ximen Feixue so that he can learn about the vastness of the heavens and the immensity of the earth,” Someone petitioned to Mooncloud City’s City Master. He was itching to watch Chu Feng suffer at the hands of Ximen Feixue.

“Little friend Ximen, blades and swords have no eyes, fists and feet cannot see, what’s most important in a sparring match is the outcome. With how this Feng Xing refused to place you in his eyes, you should naturally give him some lessons.”

There were even people that directly spoke to Ximen Feixue to request that he beat Chu Feng up.

“Feng Xing, you are very courageous. Since this is the case, go ahead and attack. I’ll let you attack me ten times,” Ximen Feixue said with contempt.

“Oh,” Hearing these words of insult from Ximen Feixue, Chu Feng snorted disdainfully. Then, his gaze shrunk. As his clothes fluttered, a surge of boundless power exploded out from within his body.

“That Feng Xing, he’s... actually!!!”

At this moment, everyone present was filled with incomparable shock. Even Ximen Feixue’s eyes were filled with shock, and he began to slightly frown.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng’s cultivation was no longer that of a rank four Half Martial Emperor. Instead, he had become a rank five Half Martial Emperor.

After unleashing his Thunder Armor, Chu Feng had also unleashed his Thunder Wings. Like before, even though he used his Inherited Bloodline’s power to increase his cultivation, Chu Feng had not revealed his Thunder Wings.

To others, Chu Feng’s cultivation had increased, but his outward appearance remained completely unchanged.

Thus, at this moment, all of them felt that Chu Feng had concealed his cultivation to begin with. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to increase his cultivation this effortlessly.

At this moment, the expressions of many of the people that had insulted Chu Feng began to change. Unease started to appear in their hearts.

They suddenly realized that they had underestimated this young man called Feng Xing.

As for those who had thought highly of Chu Feng, they all revealed smiles of anticipation on their faces.

Chu Feng’s strength was very strong. The reason why they felt that Chu Feng would be inferior to Ximen Feixue earlier was all because Chu Feng’s cultivation was inferior to Ximen Feixue’s.

However, at this moment, Chu Feng’s cultivation was the same as Ximen Feixue’s. To them, they felt that this would likely be an evenly matched battle, that the victor of this battle would be very hard to determine.

“Yoh, no wonder you’re this confident. So you’ve actually hidden your cultivation. Since that’s the case, I’ll change my decision. I won’t let you attack me ten times,” Ximen Feixue said.

Once those words were said, many hissing sounds could be heard from the crowd. Those were all people who felt that Ximen Feixue was lacking in confidence, that he had taken back his previous declarations because he was afraid.

Right at the moment when the majority of the crowd was feeling this way, Ximen Feixue opened his mouth again and said, “I’ll let you attack me a hundred times.”

“What? A hundred times? Has he gone mad?” Once those words were said, none of the people in the crowd were able to remain calm and collected.

Chu Feng’s cultivation had already increased. He was on equal footing as Ximen Feixue, and capable of contending against him. Yet, even with that being the case, Ximen Feixue actually declared that he would allow Chu Feng to attack him a hundred times?

How arrogant was he? How courageous was he?

Could it be that Ximen Feixue was truly so powerful that no one with the same level of cultivation as him would be able to match him?

To the bystanders, Ximen Feixue might appear to be arrogant. However, to Chu Feng, Ximen Feixue was looking down on him.

If it were anybody else, they would naturally feel very uncomfortable. However, Chu Feng instead laughed lightly, and was not affected at all.

“Are you ready?” Chu Feng asked.

“Come,” Ximen Feixue hooked his finger at Chu Feng. Even though that was a simple movement, it was filled with provocation.

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, Chu Feng moved. The stage started to tremble violently, and a gale swept through the crowd.

Not only was Chu Feng very ferocious, his speed was also extremely fast. This speed was many times faster than lightning.

“Pa, pa, pa, pa, pa~~~”

Before he even approached Ximen Feixue, Chu Feng had already started to unleash successive attacks. His fists began to intertwine with one another. Within each fist and each palm was a loud whiz that sounded like a clap of thunder.

Chu Feng’s attacks contained intimidation, strength and speed. Chu Feng’s strength had most definitely surpassed others of the younger generation with the same cultivation.

However, even when facing such ferocious attacks, Ximen Feixue remained unconcerned.

Even though Chu Feng’s fists were raining onto him like a torrential storm, Ximen Feixue was like a willow leaf in a windstorm. His body swayed left and right without being injured by the storm at all.

“Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty...”

At the same time as he was dodging Chu Feng’s attacks, Ximen Feixue actually began to speak. He announced the number of attacks Chu Feng had unleashed toward him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“The gap between the two of them is actually this enormous?”

The crowd were all shocked. Even the seniors present were filled with shock. At this moment, of the vast amount of people present, no more than three were able to remain calm.

Chu Feng’s attacks were sufficiently powerful. He had managed to obtain the acknowledgement of the majority of the crowd.

However, even with this sort of attack, Chu Feng was unable to injure Ximen Feixue in the slightest. Furthermore, Ximen Feixue was allowing Chu Feng to attack him without attacking back.

What did this signify? This signified one thing: that this young man by the name of Feng Xing, regardless of how powerful he might be, he was still much more inferior to Ximen Feixue.

Seeing this scene, people like the Mooncloud City’s City Master began to reveal smiles on their faces. The way they saw it, Chu Feng was destined to meet a disaster. As for that, it was precisely what they wanted to see.

“Ninety, one hundred!!!”

Right at this moment, Ximen Feixue spoke the two words ‘one hundred.’ Immediately after that, his eyes shone with coldness. He first took a step back, then clenched his palm into a fist and smashed said fist toward Chu Feng’s dantian.

This fist strike of his was glistening with coldness. His fist was so fast and powerful that it was like a golden meteor that was cutting through the sky and about to split space apart.

At this moment, the World Spiritist Immortal, the World Spiritist Alliance’s Alliance Master and many others uttered, “Oh no! He’s planning to cripple little friend Feng Xing’s cultivation,” in their hearts. They had all managed to see through Ximen Feixue’s intentions.

“Good, ruthless enough!”

As for others like the Mooncloud City’s City Master, they were overjoyed. They were eager for Chu Feng to be embarrassed. If Ximen Feixue were capable of crippling Chu Feng’s cultivation, they would naturally be even more joyous.

At this moment, in the eyes of many spectators, the outcome of the battle had already been determined. Chu Feng was going to suffer an imminent catastrophe.

However, right at this moment, Chu Feng suddenly clenched his left palm into a fist. His fist also started to surge with golden light. Like a golden meteor hammer, he smashed his fist toward Ximen Feixue’s incoming fist.

Everything happened too suddenly. Before the crowd could react, Chu Feng’s golden fist had already collided with Ximen Feixue’s golden fist.

“Boom~~~~~~~~~”

At this instant, golden light swept through the sky. Chu Feng remained standing firm and motionless like Mount Tai. However, Ximen Feixue’s legs started to waver, and he began to step back. It was only after he took ten steps backwards that he managed to steady his body.

He had been defeated. Although the outcome of this match had yet to be determined, he had been defeated in this collision of fists.

Astonishing. Silent astonishment. Not to mention the spectators, even Ximen Feixue was stunned.

As Ximen Feixue looked to his fractured, bloody fist that was sending signals of pain to him, Ximen Feixue had the appearance of a startled chicken.

He stood there in a stunned manner, and felt everything to be inconceivable. In fact, he did not even dare to believe that the things before his eyes were true.

He had been defeated? He, Ximen Feixue, had actually been defeated?