Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1725 - From The Outer World

“Never would I have expected that you really possess the Heavenly Immortal Sword,” Baili Xuankong said.

“It seems that you also recognize this Heavenly Immortal Sword,” Ximen Feixue said.

“That’s true, of course,” Baili Xuankong chuckled.

Then, he said, “According to legend, fifty-six thousand six hundred and twenty-three years ago, in the south-eastern region of the Holy Land of Martialism was a Mount Maotian. Inside that Mount Maotian was a hidden expert.” [1. Maotian has no meaning as far as I can find... Abundant Field? Seems like it’s the japanese last name Shigeru...]

“Although that man possessed an ordinary level of cultivation, he was a grandmaster-level world spiritist. He was merely a tiny bit away from becoming a Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist.”

“He entered closed-door training in Mount Maotian all for the sake of being able to reach a breakthrough and become a Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist so that he could take revenge.”

“One day, an enormous boulder fell from the heavens and landed on Mount Maotian.”

“That boulder was no small matter. Its crash caused a sea of flames that spread out in all directions.”

“Everything in Mount Maotian, regardless of whether it was grass or animals, was all burned down completely by the flames. The mountain was burned down into a ravine. The surging flames and thick smoke reached the skies.”

“This woke up the hidden expert who was in closed-door training. Although he had managed to avoid the calamity, he was unable to extinguish the fire. It was only after the fire burned for a total of a hundred and thirty-three days that it began to gradually die out.”

“After the fire died out, that hidden expert began to search for the cause of the fire. It was only then that he discovered the enormous boulder in the ravine that had become the mountain. Merely, the enormous boulder was no longer a boulder. Instead, it had turned into a silver stele.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“That stele seemed to be made out of silver. However, that hidden expert managed to tell with a single glance that the stele was no ordinary item. Instead, it was a treasure.”

“Not only was the stele made out of an extremely miraculous material, there was also a mysterious technique for martial cultivation and a martial skill sword technique recorded on the stele. Moreover, both of them were extremely profound.”

“They were so profound that the mysterious expert, although he had wholeheartedly focused on mastering world spirit techniques, was tempted by the mysterious technique and sword technique the instant he saw them.”

“Ever since that day, he no longer bothered to meticulously study world spirit techniques, and instead began to meticulously study the mysterious technique and sword technique.”

“After being in closed-door training for a long time, he finally managed to successfully reach a breakthrough. Even though he did not manage to become a Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist, he became a Martial Emperor.”

“Using the might of a Martial Emperor and the mysterious technique and sword technique recorded on the stele, he beheaded his great enemy and obtained revenge.”

“That battle instantly made him famous. However, he was not satisfied with only that. The reason for that was because although he had discovered that the mysterious technique was very marvelous and the sword technique was very strong, he lacked a sword that could unleash the full potential of his techniques.”

“Thus, right after becoming famous, he disappeared once again. No one knew where he had gone to.”

“It was only after five thousand and five hundred years had passed, when the people of the world had either already forgotten or were about to forget him, that he reappeared.”

“At that time, he had become a Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist. Furthermore, his cultivation had also become even more powerful.”

“However, the most powerful aspect of him was the sword in his hand, that Heavenly Immortal Sword.”

“It turned out that he had been in closed-door training for that many years to meticulously study weaponry refinement techniques so that he could turn that stele into an Incomplete Imperial Armament.”

“Furthermore, he succeeded. He ended up naming the sword that he had refined the Heavenly Immortal Sword. Relying on the Heavenly Immortal Sword and the Heavenly Immortal Sword Technique, he moved about unhindered through the Holy Land of Martialism. There was rarely anybody capable of contending against him. Furthermore, he focused on only killing evildoers, and caused countless evildoers to feel fear upon mention of him.”

“Because of that, he came to be known as the Heavenly Immortal Swordsman!!!”

“Later on, when the Heavenly Immortal Swordsman reached the end of his life, he carved the sword technique from the stele, the Heavenly Immortal Sword Technique, onto the Heavenly Immortal Sword.”

“According to the rumors, as long as one obtains the Heavenly Immortal Sword, one will be able to obtain the teachings of the Heavenly Immortal Swordsman, the teachings of that outer world’s stele. It was precisely that which brought about the fame of the Heavenly Immortal Sword,” Baili Xuankong explained in a very serious manner.

“Never would I have thought that the Heavenly Immortal Sword actually had such an origin. Is that really true?” Hearing those words, many of the people present were shocked. Even though they had heard about the fame of the Heavenly Immortal Sword, they had only known of the might of the Heavenly Immortal Sword itself, and not this story.

“While I do not know about the authenticity of your story, this Heavenly Immortal Sword indeed contains a sword technique called the Heavenly Immortal Sword Technique,” Ximen Feixue said as he moved the sword.

“It’s actually true! No wonder Ximen Feixue’s sword techniques are this outstanding. So it’s actually also related to the Heavenly Immortal Sword.”

Hearing those words, all of the people in the crowd turned their gazes onto the Heavenly Immortal Sword. Their eyes were wide open, and many among them even began to use special techniques to inspect the Heavenly Immortal Sword. They had the appearances of deeply wanting to see through the Heavenly Immortal Sword.

The reason why they reacted in such a manner was because they wanted to see the Heavenly Immortal Sword Technique carved onto the Heavenly Immortal Sword by the Heavenly Immortal Swordsman.

Unfortunately, no matter what sort of method they used, they were unable to see a single character, much less the Heavenly Immortal Sword Technique.

Suddenly, the Compass Immortal who had not spoken in a very long time spoke with a beaming smile. “Everyone, don’t bother wasting your efforts,”

Hearing those words, the crowd all turned their gazes onto the Compass Immortal. They knew that the Compass Immortal, this grand character, was definitely going to say something.

Sure enough, the Compass Immortal spoke again. Slowly, he said, “The story narrated by that brother is not fabricated. Instead, it’s the truth. Merely, the Heavenly Immortal Sword Technique is something that only the master of the Heavenly Immortal Sword can see. Everyone, it’s best to not waste your efforts. Else, even if you are to look so hard that you blind your eyes, you will still not be able to see anything.”

“Am I correct, little friend Ximen?” After saying those words, the Compass Immortal turned to Ximen Feixue.

“What Immortal said is the truth. I am the only one who can see the Heavenly Immortal Sword Technique,” When Ximen Feixue spoke, he deliberately looked to the Heavenly Immortal Sword. He had an extremely proud expression on his face as he did that.

“Clamor~~~”

At this moment, the crowd burst into an uproar.

They all felt that being able to obtain the Heavenly Immortal Sword was luck. However, to be able to subdue the Heavenly Immortal Sword was strength.

Ximen Feixue had conquered the sword. Although he had luck, he also possessed strength.

“For little friend Ximen to be able to subdue the Heavenly Immortal Sword, your talent is outstanding. You are a rare genius.”

“However, weapons are still weapons. No matter how powerful they are, they’re only accessories, they’re just external powers. For you to use that sword, it seems that it is not very fair to little friend Feng Xing,” Baili Xuankong said.

“Heh... it is my ability that I possessed the Heavenly Immortal Sword. Are you suggesting that I shouldn’t use what I have?” Ximen Feixue sneered.

“That’s true, weapons have always been the greatest assistance to martial cultivators. The Nangong Imperial Clan’s Nangong Longjian was also only able to move about unhindered through the Holy Land of Martialism and become an outstanding expert of this era because of an Imperial Armament.”

“To be able to obtain a weapon is also the symbol of a martial cultivator’s strength. For what reason are you suggesting that little friend Ximen should not use the Heavenly Immortal Sword? Are you even qualified to demand that?” Mooncloud City’s City Master spoke mockingly. His words were filled with malice.

Once those words were said, the crowd burst into an uproar again. Many people began to nod. They expressed their approval of the Mooncloud City City Master’s point of view.

“Everyone, please do not misunderstand me. I am not saying that little friend Ximen should not use the Heavenly Immortal Sword.”

“Merely, I am thinking about how little friend Ximen and little friend Feng Xing are both outstanding members of the younger generations, blessed by the heavens. Originally, the two of them would be able to bestow upon us a marvelous confrontation between two people from the younger generation.”

“If the balance between them is to be smashed apart by a single Heavenly Immortal Sword, it would truly be too unfortunate.”

“Thus, I wish to lend little friend Feng Xing an Incomplete Imperial Armament to fight little friend Ximen with,” Baili Xuankong said with a smile.

“What? Lend an Incomplete Imperial Armament?” Hearing those words, many of the people present were unable to contain themselves from sucking in a mouthful of cold air. The gazes with which they looked to Baili Xuankong became even more complicated.

Incomplete Imperial Armaments, oh how precious they were! This man was actually planning to lend an Incomplete Imperial Armament to Feng Xing, how extravagant was he?!

“Mooncloud City’s City Master, what I plan to do is not a violation of the rules, is it?” Baili Xuankong asked Mooncloud City’s City Master with a beaming smile.