Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1732 - Revealing The Truth

“Little friend Feng Xing, the hatred and killing intent the people from my clan directed at you earlier was their wrongdoing. I will lecture them about it.”

“However, that said, it remains that my sons and daughter are the Nangong Imperial Clan’s princes and princess. To have their princes and princess disgraced, they would naturally feel displeased. After all, to protect these princes and princess is their duty.”

“Thus, regarding this matter, I hope that little friend Feng Xing will not take offense to it. The invitation our Nangong Imperial Clan is offering to little friend Feng Xing at this moment is definitely without any malice. Instead, we are fully sincere.”

“That said, if we are to not mention this matter, you and that Chu Feng are still completely different.”

“That Chu Feng, although he pretended to be righteous, he was, in reality, completely different from how he seemed to be.”

“Sigh~~~” Mentioning this matter, Nangong Beidou sighed. It was as if he had countless hidden troubles that were very difficult to mention.

“Actually, all that should be said is already written on the wanted posters,” At this moment, the difficult expression on Nangong Beidou’s face grew more and more heavy. However, suddenly, his difficulty vanished.

Then, he said, “Forget about it, forget about it. Since we mentioned this matter today, I might as well tell everyone exactly what happened.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“That Chu Feng had actually deliberately saved a few members of our Nangong Imperial Clan’s younger generation so that he could sneak into our Nangong Imperial Clan. His intention was to steal our Nangong Imperial Clan’s most precious treasure, the Water Immortal Profound Technique.”

“It’s merely a Water Immortal Profound Technique. No matter how precious, it’s only a secret skill. If that Chu Feng wanted it, he could’ve totally just mentioned it to me directly. Even if I had to gift it to him, I would not have refused.”

“However, he decided to act in private. For the Water Immortal Profound Technique, not only did he kill the people of our Nangong Imperial Clan, he also dishonored the people of our Nangong Imperial Clan. You must know that the girl that Chu Feng dishonored was a child who’s not even twelve.”

“That Chu Feng is simply deranged. He is worse than pigs and dogs. I dare ask, how could I not kill someone like him?”

“It is only because that Chu Feng is already dead. If he were still alive, I would definitely personally kill him. I would dig out his heart and see whether or not it is black. If his heart isn’t black, how could such a young man be this malicious?” Nangong Beidou spoke with righteousness and anger.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng cursed in his heart. This Nangong Beidou was truly despicable. His ability when inverting right and wrong was truly extraordinary.

Even though Chu Feng knew the truth, many of the people present did not. After hearing what Nangong Beidou said, the crowd reacted as if they had finally learned the truth, and began to curse out against Chu Feng.

“Clan Chief Nangong, as far as I know, that doesn’t seem to be the truth,” Right at this moment, Chu Feng spoke with a beaming smile.

“What did you say?” Hearing those words, Nangong Beidou started to frown.

“I said the truth is not as you described. Since there’s this many people present, I might as well give a narration,” Chu Feng said.

“What are you planning to tell?” Nangong Beidou asked with a cold voice. Being extremely sly, he had already noticed that something was wrong.

This young man before him by the name of Feng Xing, even though he possessed outstanding talent, was a genius with the potential to become an overlord, and someone that he wanted to rope into their Nangong Imperial Clan, it seemed that he was very resentful toward their Nangong Imperial Clan, as he had been attacking their Nangong Imperial Clan the entire time. Likely, he possessed an ulterior motive.

“What I’m planning to tell? I’m going to tell the actual truth of why that Chu Feng had been wanted by your Nangong Imperial Clan,” Chu Feng said.

“Don’t you speak nonsense. What I said is the actual truth,” Nangong Beidou shouted angrily.

“Whether or not it’s the truth, everyone will be able to differentiate after I tell my story. For you to refuse to allow me to speak, could it be that you’re scared?” Chu Feng asked.

“I, Nangong Beidou, am a fearless person. However, I will not allow you to babble nonsense to deceive the crowd,” Nangong Beidou said.

“I am telling this story to the crowd, and not to you. Thus, you are not the one who gets to decide whether I speak of it or not,” After saying those words, Chu Feng turned his gaze to the crowd.

“Everyone, do you all not wish to know exactly what Chu Feng experienced in the Nangong Imperial Clan? Do you all not wish to know the real reason why Chu Feng was loathed by the Nangong Imperial Clan?” Chu Feng turned to ask the crowd.

“We do!!!”

Once Chu Feng’s question was asked, not to mention the younger generation, even some of the older generation started to call out that they wished to know. This was not a case of a hundred answers to a single call. Rather, it was ten thousand answers to a single call. Over ten thousand people had answered together.

Seeing this scene, Nangong Beidou started to frown deeply. A member of the younger generation who was unknown before today had actually gone over his head. This caused him to feel an enormous amount of humiliation.

At this moment, he wanted to smack that Feng Xing to death. He had realized that Feng Xing was planning to redress the injustice Chu Feng had suffered.

However, in this sort of situation, he could not kill that Feng Xing. The only thing he could do was endure.

Even though it was extremely difficult to bear, there was nothing else he could do. After all, Feng Xing had subdued the crowd with his strength.

“Speaking of this matter, it is quite a long story. However, I shall make the long story short today for everyone.”

“What had happened was like this...”

“Chu Feng came to know the Nangong Imperial Clan’s younger generation from the Weaponry Refinement Immortal’s Weaponry Bestowment Assembly. During the Weaponry Bestowment Assembly, Chu Feng helped the people from the Nangong Imperial Clan.”

“Because of that, the Nangong Imperial Clan decided to invite Chu Feng to become a guest at their Nangong Imperial Clan. Logically, as Chu Feng was a guest, no matter how haughty and proud the Nangong Imperial Clan might be, they should still act as a host.”

“However, the Nangong Imperial Clan’s three princes and princess joined hands with the White-browed Immortal’s disciple to deliberately make things difficult for Chu Feng.”

“It was one thing for there to be disputes between the younger generation. However, Chu Feng accidently revealed his talent in the Nangong Imperial Clan. His talent ended up suppressing that of the Nangong Imperial Clan’s Third Prince, Nangong Tianhu.”

“After that, the Nangong Imperial Clan began to view Chu Feng as a thorn.”

“Then, they deliberately set up a trap for him. They had all of the younger generation approach the Water Immortal Profound Technique in order to use the Water Immortal Profound Technique’s judgement to determine whether Chu Feng might be a threat or not.”

“It just so happened that the Water Immortal Profound Technique ended up choosing Chu Feng even though there were a great amount of the Nangong Imperial Clan’s younger generation present.”

“After that, the Nangong Imperial Clan was determined to kill Chu Feng. After Chu Feng escaped, they announced his capture and began to post wanted posters all over the Holy Land of Martialism. Not only that, they also began to invert right and wrong, and pushed all of the guilt onto Chu Feng,” Chu Feng’s voice was very resounding. However, he had a very calm tone as he said those words.

“This... such a thing actually happened? Is this for real?”

Hearing those words, the crowd turned to look at one another and began to spiritedly discuss what they had just heard. The reason for that was because what Chu Feng had said was truly too different from what Nangong Beidou had said.

At this moment, the two men both possessed a different version of the story. It had become difficult for the crowd to determine who was speaking the truth.

However, if what Feng Xing had said was the truth, then the Nangong Imperial Clan was truly a disgrace.

At this moment, the Dongfang Imperial Clan’s Clan Chief, the Ximen Imperial Clan’s Clan Chief, the Beitang Imperial Clan’s Clan Chief and the Mooncloud City’s City Master turned their gazes silently onto Nangong Beidou.

As people with equivalent status, and having known Nangong Beidou for many years, they felt that what Feng Xing had said was more trustworthy.

Soon, some of the astute and circumspect individuals began to cast the same sort of gaze onto Nangong Beidou. The reason for that was because they also felt that Nangong Beidou’s story was too one-sided, that what Feng Xing had said was even more realistic. Even though it might appear to be inhuman and a disgraceful thing to do, what Feng Xing had described was the way that large sects and schools would handle things.

“What utter nonsense.”

“Little friend Feng Xing, I do not know what relationship you have with Chu Feng, I do not know why you are speaking out for him, but if you are to continue to invert right and wrong like so, don’t blame our Nangong Imperial Clan for being impolite.”

“Our Nangong Imperial Clan will definitely not be able to tolerate anyone shielding that Chu Feng’s wicked conduct. Even though he is dead, we will still not allow such a thing,” Nangong Beidou shouted with a great deal of rage.

Once those words left his mouth, heaven and earth began to shake. Even though his surging Emperor’s might did not attack anyone, it had intimidated all of the people present.

Many people, especially those of the younger generation, were frightened by this. However, Chu Feng’s expression remained unchanged. He was not affected by it in the slightest.