Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 1847 - Imminent Danger

“Pleasant surprise?” Chu Feng was somewhat puzzled by those words.

“I never expected that someone would save me from this inescapable crisis. However, not only was I saved, I never would’ve imagined that you would be the one to save me. Say, is this not a pleasant surprise?” The Left Reverend said.

“Senior Left, you’re flattering me,” Hearing those words, Chu Feng smiled lightly. It turned out that the Left Reverend was praising him.

“Senior Left, what is that so-called Dark Hall? Why did they attack you?” Chu Feng asked.

“Chu Feng, let’s talk about this while we travel. Quickly, follow me back to the World Spiritist Alliance first,” Hearing Chu Feng asking him those questions, the Left Reverend seemed to have thought of something, and began to hurriedly fly toward the direction of the World Spiritist Alliance.

Seeing the nervous appearance of the Left Reverend, Chu Feng started to frown. Involuntarily, he grew nervous. He had managed to guess that the Dark Hall must not have come for the Left Reverend. Instead, it seemed that they had come for the entire World Spiritist Alliance.

There were many people that were very important to Chu Feng in the World Spiritist Alliance. There’s no need to even mention Su Mei, his lover.

However, other than Su Mei, there was also Sima Ying, Miao Renlong, Fu Feiteng, Lin Yezhou and the others.

Furthermore, even when disregarding those people, the World Spiritist Alliance had also helped Chu Feng enormously. Furthermore, Chu Feng was also a nominal disciple of the World Spiritist Alliance. With the World Spiritist Alliance in a crisis, Chu Feng could not disregard it.

“Senior, let me lead the way,” Upon thinking of this, Chu Feng arrived before the Left Reverend and unleashed his Azure Dragon Dashing Technique. His speed increased enormously in a flash. Being guided by Chu Feng, the Left Reverend’s speed also increased enormously.

As the Left Reverend looked to Chu Feng who was leading the way beside him, his gaze changed once again. Earlier, he had only been shocked by how quickly Chu Feng had progressed after he had saved him. However now, he truly felt as if he was being overshadowed by Chu Feng. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

As a senior, being overshadowed by a junior should ordinarily make one feel uncomfortable.

However, the Left Reverend was feeling extremely happy. The reason for that was because Chu Feng was not an ordinary person from the younger generation. Instead, he was a person from the younger generation who he thought very highly of. It was not only him; the entire World Spiritist Alliance thought very highly of Chu Feng. And now, this person from the younger generation that they thought of so highly had not disappointed them.

On their way to the World Spiritist Alliance, the Left Reverend began to tell Chu Feng the matters concerning the Dark Hall.

The World Spiritist Alliance had never heard of the Dark Hall before. In fact, even now, very few people in the Holy Land of Martialism knew about the Dark Hall.

Not long ago, the Dark Hall had suddenly appeared. It directly found the Assembly Master of the World Spiritist Sacred Assembly, the World Spiritist Immortal, and ordered him to lead his Left and Right Reverends and pay allegiance to the Dark Hall.

Furthermore, they demanded that the World Spiritist Alliance work for the Dark Hall from then on.

Faced with an unknown power making such unreasonable demands, the World Spiritist Alliance naturally refused immediately.

Especially after the people from the Dark Hall demanded that the World Spiritist Alliance assist them in capturing Chu Feng, the World Spiritist Alliance was so enraged that they drove them away on the spot.

However, the Dark Hall harbored hard feelings, and had returned today to retaliate. Furthermore, they were so powerful that they simply surpassed the World Spiritist Alliance’s imagination. Currently, the World Spiritist Alliance was being attacked by the Dark Hall and in a state of imminent danger.

............

At that moment. In the World Spiritist Alliance. It was as the Left Reverend had described. The entire World Spiritist Alliance was turned upside down and left in an abyss of suffering.

After the people from the Dark Hall charged into the World Spiritist Alliance, they killed everyone they saw and destroyed everything before them. They were extremely ruthless.

At this moment, the losses to the World Spiritist Alliance were disastrous. At the very least, several hundred thousand disciples and elders had been killed. As for the buildings that had been destroyed, they were innumerable.

The World Spiritist Alliance that was located deep underground was currently surging with smoke as far as the eye could see. Rubble was scattered all over the ground. It was truly an appalling scene of devastation.

Fortunately, the experts from the World Spiritist Sacred Assembly had been extremely quick to react, and had immediately dispatched experts to confront the people from the Dark Hall.

If they had come out any slower, then, with the people that the Dark Hall had dispatched this time around, they would have totally been capable of massacring everyone in the World Spiritist Alliance in a short period of time.

“Rumble~~~”

“Rumble~~~”

In the sky, the World Spiritist Alliance’s Alliance Master, Miao Renlong, the World Spiritist Sacred Assembly’s various elders, as well as the person with an equal status to the Left Reverend, the Right Reverend, were all fighting against the people from the Dark Hall.

In order to prevent more devastation from befalling the World Spiritist Alliance, they were doing their best to draw the people from the Dark Hall away from the World Spiritist Alliance’s headquarters.

Unfortunately, the people from the Dark Hall were extremely cunning. They seemed to realize what the World Spiritist Alliance’s experts were planning to do, and refused to be taken in.

So far, only the Left Reverend had managed to lure two rank one Martial Emperors away from the World Spiritist Alliance. However, he had actually been no match for those two Martial Emperors. Had it not been for Chu Feng’s timely arrival, the Left Reverend would have been killed by them.

As for the disciples of the World Spiritist Alliance, they were all being led by the elders to their refuge location. Panic filled all the disciples. In fact, panic was also present in many of the elders’ faces and hearts.

This was not because they were cowards. Instead, it was simply that the people the Dark Hall had dispatched were too powerful. Even the weakest among them were peak Half Martial Emperors. As for Martial Emperors, there were seven of them. With battle power of that level, the World Spiritist Alliance was greatly inferior to them. To the World Spiritist Alliance, this was a catastrophe.

Even though the disciples were able to seek refuge for now, if the experts from the World Spiritist Alliance fighting the people from the Dark Hall in the sky were all killed by them, then how could they, the disciples, possibly be able to continue to live? How could a mere refuge possibly be able to block the attacks of Martial Emperors?

Not to mention the disciples, even the elders had never seen such a disposition of forces. However, they all knew how powerful their opponents were. As such, how could they not be afraid?

“Ying’er, Yezhou, Feiteng, do as I say and quickly hide yourselves,” The elders were currently earnestly urging Sima Ying and the other disciples to enter the refuge. However, Sima Ying and the others were refusing to enter. Instead, they were standing there and continuing to observe the battle in the distance.

“Elders, you don’t have to urge us anymore. While we live, we will be people of the World Spiritist Alliance. When we die, we will remain ghosts of the World Spiritist Alliance. Although our strength is petty and low, and we are unable to fight and kill those that have assaulted our World Spiritist Alliance alongside the seniors, we insist on living and dying together with the World Spiritist Alliance,” Sima Ying and the others were determined. They all refused to hide.

Hearing those words, the elders sighed and stopped urging them. Furthermore, they also stopped trying to prevent other disciples from staying. Instead, they decided to stand their ground, and looked to the horizon in the same manner as Sima Ying and the others.

At this moment, a frenzied battle was occurring in the sky. There was no need to mention peak Half Martial Emperors.

In terms of the most deadly Martial Emperors, their World Spiritist Alliance possessed a total of three Martial Emperors. The Left and Right Reverends were both rank one Martial Emperors. As for their strongest World Spiritist Immortal, he was a rank two Martial Emperor.

However, the Dark Hall had dispatched a total of seven Martial Emperors. Among them, four were rank one Martial Emperors and three were rank two Martial Emperors.

Even though the Left Reverend had managed to lure two rank one Martial Emperors away, there remained two rank one Martial Emperors and three rank two Martial Emperors.

At this moment, the Right Reverend was fighting one against two, taking on the other two rank one Martial Emperors.

As for the World Spiritist Immortal, he was fighting one against three. Even though the World Spiritist Immortal was one of the Ten Immortals, and his strength was stronger than ordinary rank two Martial Emperors, the three rank two Martial Emperors dispatched by the Dark Hall were all not to be looked down upon either. With the three of them attacking the World Spiritist Immortal from all sides, the World Spiritist Immortal was repeatedly forced to retreat, and barely able to withstand them.

“Boom~~~”

“Wuuahh~~~”

A deafening explosion was heard. Then, a figure dropped from the sky and fell deep into the ground. The powerful impulse of his fall as well as the energy ripples directly turned that region of land into a deep valley.

It was the Right Reverend. The Right Reverend was injured. Even though he was injured, the Right Reverend immediately leapt out from deep underground and returned to fight against those two rank one Martial Emperors again.

There was nothing else that he could do. He must continue to fight against them, for if he stopped fighting them, their opponents would have two rank one Martial Emperors that could massacre their World Spiritist Alliance’s elders and disciples. At that time, the consequences would be too horrible to contemplate.