Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1900 - Rank One Martial Emperor

In the skies, seven enormous different colored lightning beasts were galloping about.

They looked extremely imposing, ferocious and simply incomparable. Before the seven enormous lightning beasts, even the nine golden lightnings that sealed off the sky had to step down gracefully.

However, at that moment, the crowd was in no mood to continue watching those frightening enormous lightning beasts. Instead, their gazes were all focused on Chu Feng.

At that moment, they felt as if the young man standing in midair was the sole ruler of the whole world. Even the ferocious and powerful enormous lightning beasts were only there to stand beside him.

“Roar~~~”

Suddenly, the seven enormous lightning beasts in the sky began to roar again. Then, they flew down from the sky and toward the crowd.

Seeing this scene, even the Ancient Era’s Elves’ Grand Elders revealed expressions of fear. They hurriedly leapt up and flew into the distance. While they did that, they also brought Xian Miaomiao, Princess Lingyue and the others with them.

Seeing that, the other Ancient Era’s Elves, the Immeasurable Immortal and the Avaricious Immortal also hurriedly escaped.

Those lightning beasts were too frightening. Although they could not ascertain whether or not those lightning beasts were actual entities, merely the aura that they were emitting was sufficient to choke them. As such, they did not wish to take on the risk of standing before those enormous lightnings beasts and dying to them.

At that moment, only two people still stood at the Ancient Era’s Immortal Pond. They were Chu Feng and the Elf King.

The Elf King did not leave. He seemed to want to experience for himself how frightening those enormous lightning beasts were.

As for Chu Feng, he would naturally not leave. After all, those seven enormous lightning beasts came from his body; they were the power of his Inherited Bloodline.

“Roar~~~”

As they continued to roar, the seven enormous lightning beasts had already arrived near the surface. However, they did not immediately enter Chu Feng’s body. As if they were deliberately showing off their might, they actually began to gallop around Chu Feng.

Seeing this scene, it was as if the immeasurably powerful lightning beasts were Chu Feng’s bodyguards.

They were letting everyone know that regardless of how powerful they might be, they were only Chu Feng’s possessions.

Seeing this scene, the crowd all exclaimed in astonishment. They were no longer able to describe their state of mind.

“Zzzzzz~~~”

Finally, the seven enormous lightning beasts turned into seven rays of lightning and entered Chu Feng’s body. At that moment, Chu Feng’s aura also increased from rank nine Half Martial Emperor to rank one Martial Emperor.

Chu Feng had reached a breakthrough and become an actual Martial Emperor.

“He actually reached a breakthrough?! Could those frightening lightning beasts really be the power of Chu Feng’s Inherited Bloodline?!” Seeing Chu Feng reach a breakthrough with their own eyes, the crowd’s expressions all changed again. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Facing the shocked expressions of the crowd, Chu Feng revealed a slight smile.

The reason for that was because he knew that the harvest that he had obtained this time around was most definitely not limited to reaching a breakthrough to rank one Martial Emperor.

Even though Chu Feng did not obtain any special ability to increase his cultivation like the Thunder Armor or the Thunder Wings, his battle power had increased once again.

Chu Feng’s current battle power greatly surpassed that of Xian Miaomiao. He now possessed a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting five levels of cultivation.

With his Thunder Armor and Thunder Wings, Chu Feng could increase his cultivation to rank three Martial Emperor. However, heaven-defying battle powers became a lot less valued once one reached the Martial Emperor realm. As all Martial Emperors possessed a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation, their heaven-defying battle power would cancel each other out.

However, even with that, Chu Feng would still have a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting two levels of cultivation. As for that... it was something that other Martial Emperors lacked.

In other words, the current Chu Feng was able to fight against rank five Martial Emperors. Strictly speaking, it was likely that no one below rank six Martial Emperor would be a match for Chu Feng.

Not to mention the Four Great Imperial Clans’ Utmost Exalted Elders, even if it was that Ximen Baiyuan, Chu Feng would not feel any fear. The current Chu Feng was someone who truly stood among the Holy Land of Martialism’s peak experts. And he... was still only a member of the younger generation.

“Chu Feng, you’re truly amazing! So very amazing!” Xian Miaomiao was the first to run over to Chu Feng. She grabbed Chu Feng’s clothes and smiled extremely beautifully. It was as if the person who had reached a breakthrough this time around was not Chu Feng, but her instead.

“Chu Feng, the abnormal sign you caused was truly too astonishing. You really do possess a special Inherited Bloodline stronger than even Imperial Bloodlines. Could it be that you’re not a human, but instead a monstrous beast? But, none of the monstrous beasts in the Holy Land of Martialism possess such a powerful Inherited Bloodline,” Princess Lingyue also ran over. She was also extremely pleasantly surprised.

[1. Also don’t monstrous beasts set off a different color from the needles? -pelicanv Yes - YWL]

If Xian Miaomiao possessed great expectations for Chu Feng since the very beginning, then Xian Lingyue had a whole new level of respect for Chu Feng now.

In fact, it was not only Xian Lingyue who possessed a whole new level of respect for Chu Feng. At that moment, even some of the Ancient Era’s Elves’ Protectors arrived before Chu Feng, let go of their high status and began to greet Chu Feng. Furthermore, their tones were unimaginably friendly.

Even the Immeasurable Immortal, this expert who was equally famous as the Weaponry Refinement Immortal, also went to greet around Chu Feng.

With the increase in Chu Feng’s cultivation, his perception had also increased. Even his Heaven’s Eye had become sharper.

Thus, at this time, he was able to sense the Immeasurable Immortal’s cultivation. He was a rank six Martial Emperor. He possessed a cultivation on par with Nangong Longjian.

As for the Ancient Era’s Elves’ Protectors, they all possessed treasures that hid their cultivations. Thus, even though Chu Feng’s perception had become much more powerful, he was still unable to see through their cultivations. However, Chu Feng reckoned that they should also have cultivations around rank six Martial Emperor.

Rank six Martial Emperors, they possessed extremely high cultivations. From this, Chu Feng could infer that the Ancient Era’s Elves’ Grand Elders most likely possessed even more frightening cultivations than these Protectors. As for the Elf King, his cultivation would be even stronger.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh~~~”

Right at that moment, many figures flew over from all different directions. They were all experts of the Elf Kingdom.

“We pay our respects to Your Majesty, the the four Grand Elders and the various Lord Protectors,” After approaching, they all kneeled in midair and began to courteously greet the people here.

It turned out that they had all arrived here to inspect what was going on, as they thought something might have happened after seeing the seven enormous lightning beasts overshadowing nine the lightning bolts in the sky. They did not expect this many grand characters to be present. It turned out that their worries were unnecessary.

However, from this, it could be seen that Chu Feng reaching a breakthrough in public like this had caused an enormous reaction; he had alarmed the entire Elf Kingdom, the huge monster at the top of the Holy Land of Martialism.

However... this was what Chu Feng wanted to do.

In the Elf Kingdom, there were people who liked him and people who disliked him. However, at the very least, the strongest Elf King did not hold any hostility toward him.

This led Chu Feng to believe that the Elf King was a wise person. As for those that were wise, they should be able to ascertain right from wrong.

Thus, Chu Feng felt that this was a great opportunity to reveal his strength and let the Elf King have a whole new level of respect for him and think highly of him.

Back then, when the Nangong Imperial Clan saw Chu Feng’s potential, they thought of Chu Feng as a threat and wholeheartedly wanted to eliminate him. This meant that Nangong Beidou was not a wise man.

For if he was wise, he would not have tried to eliminate Chu Feng. Instead, he would have tried to befriend Chu Feng. What Chu Feng wanted was precisely to become friends with the Elf Kingdom. At the very least, he wished to establish a good relationship with them.

Although Chu Feng was already very powerful, he was still not the most powerful expert in the entire Holy Land of Martialism. He needed the shelter of the Elf Kingdom, this enormously humongous giant tree. Even if they refused to shelter him, he needed them to at least not become his enemy.

At that moment, seeing the reactions from many of the Elf Kingdom’s grand characters, it was clear that he had succeeded. His gamble had succeeded.

At this moment, many people in the Elf Kingdom possessed a whole new level of respect for Chu Feng. This was especially true for the Elf King. From his gaze, Chu Feng could tell that he thought very highly of him.

Of course, there were exceptions to the rule. For example, there was Xian Yuyin and his father. Chu Feng knew that after today, he would become Xian Yuyin and his father’s thorn.

However, so what? When he had obtained the good graces of even their Elf King, how could he possibly fear a mere Protector?