Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1924 - Confrontation Of World Spirit Techniques

“However, if I am to kill you just like this, it would truly be too boring. I’ll give you a chance,” The YinYang Immortal suddenly removed his overwhelming oppressive might and spoke with a beaming smile.

“What do you want?” Chu Feng asked.

“Compete with me with world spirit techniques. If you are to be able to defeat me, I will release you. If you are to lose, your life will be mine to take care of. What do you think?” The YinYang Immortal said.

“What do you want to compete in?” Chu Feng asked.

“Very simple,” As the YinYang Immortal spoke, he waved his sleeve. Then, an item flew out from his sleeve and landed on his palm.

That item was the size of his palm, with a shape similar to that of a lotus and completely transparent. If one did not carefully look at it, one would simply not be able to see it. Even if one were to carefully look at it, it would still only resemble a strange but ordinary-looking plant.

However, after Chu Feng saw that thing, his eyes immediately started to shine with surprise. The reason for that was because not only was that lotus flower alive, it also possessed awareness. Chu Feng was able to see a pair of eyes on that lotus flower. Its eyes were looking all over the place before finally landing on Chu Feng. It was sizing Chu Feng up.

“Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower,” Chu Feng said.

What the YinYang Immortal held in his hand was indeed the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower. Chu Feng had come to know of it from the Nine Spirits Divine Diagram.

Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flowers were a sort of special living organism. They were formed with special flowers and world spirit techniques. In other words, they were special life forms created by world spiritists.

Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flowers possessed a special effect. That was, that they were capable of helping world spiritists find loopholes and flaws in world spirit formations. Of course, how many flaws and loopholes it could find would depend on the power of the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower.

For example, if a spirit formation was set up by an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist, and the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower was created by a Royal-cloak World Spiritist, that Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower would definitely not be able to find any flaws with the spirit formation. After all, there was too enormous of a difference in power.

If both the person who made the spirit formation and the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower were created by Royal-cloak World Spiritists, then it would depend on the strength of the Royal-cloak World Spiritist’s world spirit techniques.

As Chu Feng was uncertain of the strength of the YinYang Immortal’s world spirit techniques, he was unable to ascertain how strong the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower was.

That said, Chu Feng was still extremely shocked that the YinYang Immortal had actually managed to refine a Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng knew very well that Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flowers were very difficult to refine. Even the current Chu Feng did not possess absolute confidence in being able to refine a Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower.

“Not bad, you have quite the knowledge to be able to recognize this Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower right away,” Seeing Chu Feng’s shocked expression, the YinYang Immortal revealed an even more complacent gaze.

“Chu Feng, since you recognize this Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower, you should be able to know of its usage.”

“However, you most definitely do not know that the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flowers are actually capable of releasing different colored lights based on the strength of the world spirit formation they encounter. In other words, the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flowers are able to determine how powerful a spirit formation is.”

“The two of us shall set up spirit formations at the same time. The time limit is two hours. After that, we will have this Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower distinguish whose spirit formation is stronger. The person with the stronger spirit formation shall be the victor. What do you think?” The YinYang Immortal purposed.

“I have no objection to this proposal,” Chu Feng said.

“Good. Let’s begin then,” the YinYang Immortal smiled confidently. Then, he waved his sleeve and many blurs began to appear. He had begun to set up his spirit formation.

As for Chu Feng, he hurriedly sat down in a cross-legged position, unleashed his world spirit power, and began to earnestly set up his spirit formation.

His opponent was the YinYang Immortal, and not someone of the Avaricious Immortal or the White-browed Immortal’s level. As such, Chu Feng had to compete against him seriously. In fact, he had to go all out.

The two men were both extremely masterful with their world spirit techniques. It could be said that their world spirit techniques were both exquisite and profound. Merely, the world spirit techniques that the two men were setting up were completely different.

The spirit formation that the YinYang Immortal was setting up was neither an offensive nor a defensive formation. Instead, it was merely a spirit formation that was being set up for the sake of quality. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

His spirit formation could be said to have no practical usage at all. However, its quality was extremely high. It was a spirit formation that was more akin to a work of art.

To be exact, the YinYang Immortal was not using his world spirit techniques to set up a spirit formation. Rather, he was using his world spirit techniques to create a work of art.

As for Chu Feng, the spirit formation that he was setting up was a slaughtering formation. However, his slaughtering formation was concealed. At least, if one were to look at it, one would not able to tell that it was a slaughtering formation.

Chu Feng was setting up a slaughtering formation because he was distrustful of the YinYang Immortal. As such, he could not afford to waste any of the time given to him, especially when that time was as long as two hours. As such, he had to use these two hours to create something of use to him.

However, that was not something simple to do, especially when trying to conceal it from the YinYang Immortal, a fellow Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist. In order to accomplish that, he needed to set up an extremely superb spirit formation. As such, the spirit formation that Chu Feng was setting up was also of an extremely high quality.

Two hours passed quickly. At that moment, the spirit formations the two men were setting up were both completed.

The two men used the same amount of time to set up their spirit formations; just right at the two hour mark.

This revealed that the two men both possessed a very strong concept of time. On the other hand, this also revealed how excellent their world spirit techniques were, to be able to perfectly set up their spirit formations without wasting a single second, and without using a second more than the allotted time.

As for the two spirit formations, the YinYang Immortal’s spirit formation was three feet wide and three feet tall. It looked like a flower vase that shone with brilliant brightness. It gave off an air of excellence. It was truly a work of art. If one were to auction it away, it would definitely fetch an extremely high price.

As for the spirit formation that Chu Feng had set up, it was five meters tall, two meters wide and looked like an enormous water vat. However, carved on the water vat were dragons and phoenixes. It was truly refined and exquisite. Like the YinYang Immortal’s flower vase, it too was a work of art.

“You’ve got some skills,” The YinYang Immortal sized up Chu Feng’s spirit formation and nodded his head in admiration. However, the confidence in his eyes did not decrease in the slightest. The way he saw it, although Chu Feng’s spirit formation was very amazing, it was truly lacking when compared to his own.

“However, it will be up to it to determine whether or not you can win against me,” As the YinYang Immortal spoke, he placed the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower onto his own spirit formation.

“Papapapa~~~~”

Right after the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower touched the YinYang Immortal’s spirit formation, its many petals immediately slapped onto the spirit formation like suction pads.

The next moment, the Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower started to shine with very dazzling light. That light was so dazzling that it overshadowed the YinYang Immortal’s spirit formation.

Furthermore, from within the dazzling light appeared white clouds, blue skies and all sorts of beautiful illusions. It was truly a dazzling sight of beauty and aesthetics that could only be described with the word ‘perfection.’

Seeing that, Chu Feng nodded his head in admiration. The YinYang Immortal’s proficiency with world spirit techniques was truly strong. At the very least, he was someone that the Avaricious Immortal could not possibly compare with. In fact, his world spirit techniques surpassed even those of the Compass Immortal.

“Humph,” Seeing that Chu Feng was nodding, the YinYang Immortal snorted lightly in complacence. That was his true strength, something that was capable of startling the people of the world and causing other world spiritists to feel themselves to be inferior and worthless.

“Snap~~~”

Right at that moment, the spirit formation which the YinYang Immortal had set up actually uttered a sharp and crisp shattering sound.

It sounded like a flower vase being smashed to bits.

At that moment, the expression of the YinYang Immortal Immortal changed to one of great shock.

As for Chu Feng, he smiled slightly.

Chu Feng knew that the location which the shattering sound originated from was the flaw, the weak point, in the YinYang Immortal’s spirit formation.

Even though the spirit formation that the YinYang Immortal had set up was very exceptional, that Spirit Formation Flawfinder Flower still managed to find a flaw in it.