Chapter 2140 - Ranked Third

“It’s naturally the former,” Chu Feng said without the slightest hesitation.

“You are naturally able to determine who is good since you know the truth. However, if you do not know the truth, and can only judge from how things appear on the surface, how would you know whether that Qing Xuantian is good or bad?” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“Father, thank you for your advice. I understand now,” Chu Feng truly understood. Chu Xuanyuan’s intentions were very clear. He was telling Chu Feng not to jump to conclusions regarding whether someone was good or bad before knowing about the truth of what had happened.

One such example would be Qing Xuantian. He must not deem him a good man just because all of the legends said that he was a good man.

Likewise, he should not deem Qing Xuantian to be a bad man just because of what the Magma Emperor said, and because Qing Xuantian had abandoned the Four Symbols Divine Power.

In that sort of situation, Chu Feng was more willing to believe that Qing Xuantian was a good man.

After all, it was true that he had obtained a lot of benefits from Qing Xuantian.

Merely, even though Qing Xuantian had helped him, Chu Feng only felt gratitude toward Qing Xuantian, and not blind adoration.

After all, what Chu Feng had obtained were also things that he had obtained with a great amount of effort. Qing Xuantian had not unconditionally provided assistance to him of his own accord.

Suddenly, Chu Xuanyuan said, “Although I do not know what sort of character Qing Xuantian is, there are certain aspects that can be determined.”

“What are they?” Chu Feng asked curiously.

“Qing Xuantian is very amazing. I believe that he most definitely entered the Outer World successfully. Merely, he did not use the Stairway to Heaven, but instead used a method similar to that which the Moon Immortal used.”

“The reason why I feel that he is very amazing is not because he successfully entered the Outer World. Rather, it is because he was able to obtain that sort of height by himself in this sort of place with a talent that is not extremely high.”

“After all, at that time, he only possessed an ordinary heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation,” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“Indeed,” Chu Feng expressed his approval. In terms of talent, the Qing Xuantian from back then was truly inferior to him. Else, he would have been capable of defeating the Magma Emperor as a rank one Half Martial Ancestor.

Chu Feng’s true cultivation right now was also only that of a rank one Half Martial Ancestor. However, after using his various abilities, Chu Feng was able to contend against even ordinary rank six Half Martial Ancestors, much less ordinary rank one Half Martial Ancestors.

His strength was much stronger than Qing Xuantian’s.

“However, it is precisely because of that that I am certain that Qing Xuantian had not completely comprehended the Four Symbols Divine Power’s true power. At the same time, he also did not know how powerful the Four Symbols Divine Power was,” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“Father, you mean?...” Chu Feng seemed to have thought of something.

“What I mean is that Qing Xuantian most likely regretted his decision in the future. Regardless of what sort of Divine Power he might have obtained, it would not be more powerful than his Four Symbols Divine Power,” Chu Xuanyuan said with a smile.

“Father, in that case, the Four Symbols Divine Power is a very powerful sort of Divine Power?” Chu Feng asked.

“I once came across a Divine Powers ranking chart.”

“The top ten Divine Powers on the ranking chart have never once appeared in our Starfield.”

“However, the Four Symbols Divine Power was ranked third on that ranking list,” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“Ranked third? The Four Symbols Divine Power is actually that powerful?” Chu Feng revealed an astonished expression.

He had truly never expected the Four Symbols Divine Power to be that powerful.

After all, the vast Outer World contained a countless number of martial cultivators. Thus, there would naturally be a countless amount of Divine Powers too.

The Four Symbols Divine Power was ranked third. In other words... the Four Symbols Divine Power was the third strongest existence among all the various Divine Powers.

“That ranking was not mistaken. However, according to the various rumors of what happened back then, Qing Xuantian’s talent could be said to be overwhelmingly brilliant. However, if he were to be placed in the entire Outer World, he could only be said to be extremely mediocre, and even weak.”

“The only explaination for that would be that he had yet to completely grasp the power of the Four Symbols Divine Power. That was what caused him to mistakenly think that the Four Symbols Divine Power was very weak and inferior to the other Divine Powers.”

“Looking at it that way, that Qing Xuantian is quite lamentable. He spent so much effort to obtain a stronger power. Yet, he did not know that what he tried so hard to abandon, tried so hard to replace, was actually the truly strong power,” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“If that truly is the case, then it is truly a bit...” Chu Feng suddenly felt that Qing Xuantian was lamentable too.

If the Four Symbols Divine Power was truly ranked third among the Divine Powers, then regardless of how powerful the Divine Power he had obtained back then might be, it would still be inferior to the Four Symbols Divine Power.

“Feng’er, if we are to look at it from this angle, then our banishment to this place could also be said to have brought us fortune.”

“After all, you are currently the master of the Four Symbols Divine Power. If such a Divine Power were placed in the Outer World, countless experts would disregard everything to madly scramble for it,” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“Indeed,” Thinking about it that way, Chu Feng was able to realize how precious the Four Symbols Divine Power was even more.

“However, father, if the Four Symbols Divine Power is to continue to exist, they can only return to being Secret Skills. But, it seems that they will not be able to truly reveal their power as Secret Skills,” Chu Feng said.

“Secret Skills are naturally unable to truly unleash the strength of a Divine Power. However, if they are to return to being a Divine Power, they would be able to unleash their true power,” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“Father, are you telling me to help them find Qing Xuantian and have them return to Qing Xuantian’s body?” Chu Feng asked.

“Foolish child. How could you give away a third ranked Divine Power to someone else? You must know that it is something that you can only encounter, and not seek after.”

“Thus, rather than having them return to Qing Xuantian, why don’t you become their true master and have them truly work for you?” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“Father, you!!!” Chu Feng had thought of a possibility, However, that possibility came as an astonishment for Chu Feng.

“That’s right. I want you to grasp that Divine Power and become a Divine Body,” Chu Xuanyuan said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“But, father, I already possess the Heavenly Lightning Bloodline. How could I... become a Divine Body on top of that? Could it be... that you want me to abandon my Heavenly Lightning Bloodline?” Chu Feng asked.

“No, I want you to grasp the Divine Power while being a possessor of the Heavenly Lightning Bloodline,” Chu Xuanyuan said.

“To grasp two powers at the same time, this... is it truly possible?” Chu Feng revealed even greater astonishment. However, he also revealed great anticipation.

Chu Feng had envied Divine Bodies before too.

Even though Chu Feng now realized how powerful his Inherited Bloodline was, and no longer felt envy for Divine Powers, Chu Feng still felt a great yearning toward the third ranked Divine Power.

Most importantly, if Chu Feng truly obtained the Four Symbols Divine Power and truly grasped the Four Symbols Divine Power, he would be able to let Qing Xuantian know that he was mistaken to renounce his Four Symbols Divine Power.

Like that... he would also be able to obtain revenge for the Four Great Divine Beasts.

Merely, was something like this truly possible to accomplish?

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).