Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2151 - Eating With One’s Life On The Line

“Since you’re newcomers, I will not bicker with you.”

“Forget about it, I’ll explain to you two what happened. What just passed by us is the strongest power in this place, Luyang’s Pavilion.”

“Furthermore, when that bell sounds, it means that the Luyang’s Pavilion’s Pavilion Master is passing by.”

“When the Luyang’s Pavilion’s Pavilion Master passes by, everyone must greet him by kneeling and kowtowing. Furthermore, they must loudly shout, ‘we pay our respects to Lord Pavilion Master.’’’

“Else, if they are to be discovered by the people from Luyang’s Pavilion, they will be killed on the spot.”

“Thus, if one does not wish to kneel, one must hide. To stand in the middle of the crowd like the two of you were doing earlier would simply be akin to courting death, understand?” The middle-aged man said.

“So that’s the case. T-Then, I must thank you for your w-warning, u-uncle.”

“W-Wait, s-something’s amiss. Since a-all those that do not wish to kneel have hidden t-t-themsleves, why w-would those kneeling be so h-happy? H-Hell, a-aren’t they d-d-demeaning themselves?” Wang Qiang said with a confused expression.

“As I said, Luyang’s Pavilion is the strongest power here. Many people want to join them. After all, they would be able to strut around should they be able to join.”

“There have been times in the past that people were chosen from those that were kneeling and brought directly to Luyang’s Pavilion.”

“Those people that were kneeling were all people that wanted to join Luyang’s Pavilion,” The middle-aged man said.

“I u-understand. I-Indeed, they w-were demeaning t-themselves,” Wang Qiang said in disdain.

“Uncle, may I ask who it is that created that Luyang’s Pavilion?” Chu Feng asked curiously. He was unable to forget the headdress that man was wearing.

After all, the Dark Hall’s Hall Master had also worn one such headdress. However, the Dark Hall’s Hall Master’s headdress had the character Ying on it.

Thus, Chu Feng felt that the headdress with the Ying character on it meant that the person wearing it was from the Ying Heavenly Clan.

If so, it might be possible that the man wearing the Chu character headdress would be from the Chu Heavenly Clan.

“Hehe, speaking of the Luyang’s Pavilion’s Pavilion Master, he is truly an amazing character. He is someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan,” That uncle said.

“Chu Heavenly C-Clan?” Hearing those words, Wang Qiang immediately opened his mouth and involuntarily turned his gaze to Chu Feng.

Chu Feng had already told Wang Qiang the fact that he was someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan on their way to the Outer World. Thus, Wang Qiang already knew about the complicated relationship Chu Feng had with the Chu Heavenly Clan.

“Ugly fellow, don’t tell me you don’t even know about the Chu Heavenly Clan? They are the rulers of an Upper Realm. They are an existence that controls countless Ordinary Realms and Lower Realms. To us, the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan are not humans. Rather, they are gods. Do you understand?” The middle-aged man said to Wang Qiang.

“G-Got it, got it. H-How could I not e-even know about the Chu H-Heavenly Clan?” Wang Qiang said with a teehee laughter.

“With how fearless and ignorant the two of you were acting, it is truly possible that you do not know about the Chu Heavenly Clan.”

“Well, it is fate that brought us together. Thus, I’ll give you two this advice. While you can offend anyone, you must not offend the people from Luyang’s Pavilion.”

“In truth, Luyang’s Pavilion was not able to become the hegemon of this place because they possessed absolute strength. Rather, it was precisely because the Luyang’s Pavilion’s Pavilion Master is from the Chu Heavenly Clan.”

“Thus, there were barely any powers that dared to fight him head on. Upon finding out that he planned to proclaim himself hegemon over this region, many powers capable of contending against him decided to leave this region. That is how he managed to become the hegemon here,” The middle-aged man said.

“Uncle, w-where d-do you find the tastiest f-food here?” Wang Qiang asked.

“Ugly fellow, are you listening to me or not?” Seeing that Wang Qiang was not paying much attention to the many things he said, the middle-aged man revealed an expression of anger.

“U-Uncle, I am l-listening to you. M-Merely, I am t-truly hungry,” Wang Qiang held his stomach and exclaimed miserably.

“How could martial cultivators be hungry? The way I see it, you’re feeling gluttonous, no?” The middle-aged man said with disdain.

“Hehe, y-yes, yes, yes,” Wang Qiang did not bother to refute him, and nodded his head repeatedly. He was smiling very shamelessly.

“If you want to eat fine food, then it would naturally be the Hundred Levels Red Sparrows Restaurant. The food there is the most delicious.”

“Unfortunately, the food there is also truly expensive. Even I am unable to afford it. As for you two brats, you are even more unable to afford it,” The middle-aged man said.

“N-N-Nonsense! T-This person here is a r-rich fellow. How c-could we not even b-be able to afford f-food? U-Uncle, lead the w-way, we’ll t-treat you,” Wang Qiang said while pointing to Chu Feng.

“Are you for real or just joking around?” The middle-aged man revealed a skeptical gaze.

“T-Truly. U-Uncle, we are truly a-able to afford t-the f-f-food,” Wang Qiang said.

“No, what I’m asking if whether or not you two are really going to invite me to a meal,” The middle-aged man said.

Hearing those words, Wang Qiang’s expression immediately changed. He thought to himself that this uncle was actually a glutton. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Uncle, what is the most important thing between people?” Chu Feng asked the middle-aged man.

The middle-aged man was puzzled. Thus, he asked, “What is it?”

“It’s trust. The two of us are both honest and good young men. As such, we will not deceive you,” Chu Feng said.

“Mn, boy, you appear to be more trustworthy, much more trustworthy than that stutterer.”

“Very well, I’ll lead the way for you two,” The middle-aged man said.

“The hell! T-This is d-discrimination!” Wang Qiang had a displeased expression.

However, the middle-aged man ignored Wang Qiang and started to chat with Chu Feng.

As they chatted, they arrived before a restaurant.

That restaurant was very extravagant. It was the tallest restaurant in the city, with a total of a hundred floors.

Furthermore, all of the tiles, bricks and ornaments were red. It possessed a very distinguished characteristic.

This was the famous Hundred Levels Red Sparrows Restaurant.

Most importantly, several tens of guards stood at the entranceway of the Hundred Levels Red Sparrows Restaurant. Furthermore, the majority of them were peak Half Martial Emperors.

Their leader was actually a Martial Emperor-level expert. Although his cultivation wasn’t very high, it remained that he was a Martial Emperor.

A Martial Emperor that could move about unhindered in the Holy Land of Martialism actually ended up being a gatekeeper in this place.

From this, one could tell that the Hundred Levels Red Sparrows Restaurant possessed quite a remarkable background.

“See, I didn’t deceive you two. This Hundred Levels Red Sparrows Restaurant is ran by our City Master. If you two don’t have the money, it’s best that you not dine in there.”

“The reason for that is because our City Master is vicious and merciless. He is not someone that the two of you can afford to offend. If you are to offend him, you will be killed,” The middle-aged man started to panic slightly after seeing the guards. He began to urge Chu Feng and Wang Qiang to go elsewhere.

“Uncle Liu, don’t be afraid. We can afford to eat here.”

Chu Feng smiled calmly. After chatting on their way here, he had already come to know that this middle-aged man was called Liu Yue. He was a native to this city, and did not belong to any sect or power. Although his cultivation was relatively decent, he possessed no status in the city.

Chu Feng felt that this Liu Yue possessed a good nature, and was a character with integrity. Else, he would not be one of those people that refused to kneel to Luyang’s Pavilion.

Furthermore, as he was the first person Chu Feng and Wang Qiang got to know after entering into the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, Chu Feng truly wished to invite him to a proper meal.

“Chu Feng, think about it properly. This is truly not a joke,” Liu Yue was still not at ease. After all, from what had happened earlier, he felt that Chu Feng and Wang Qiang were being overly confident.

“Uncle Liu, have you forgotten what is the most important between people?” Chu Feng asked.

“Forget about it. At the very most, I’ll just die. Come, I’ll show you two the way,” Liu Yue agreed half doubtingly. Uncertainty still filled his heart.

Thus, even though Liu Yue was walking toward the entrance of the Hundred Levels Red Sparrows Restaurant confidently, he was mumbling nonstop, “This is truly ridiculous. For the sake of a meal, I’m gambling even my life.”

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).