Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2159 - Ghostfiend Beast

“Is this how you repay your benefactor? If I had known this was what you were going to do, I would’ve let the ferocious beasts eat you alive,” Chu Feng said in a displeased manner. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He felt that since Tang Ying’s family possessed Demon Subduing Spring Water, she should be giving him some should she really want to repay him. Yet, she had actually brought forth another condition. Her actions were truly too excessive.

“Aiyah, don’t get angry. I’m not asking for much. You merely need to protect me for ten years,” Tang Ying said.

“Don’t even think about it,” Chu Feng said.

“Then five years.”

“One year.”

“Half a year.”

“One month. One month should be fine, no?”

“You must know that it’s the Demon Subduing Spring Water that I’m talking about here. It’s extremely precious. If you do not do something that would assist me, I will not have any excuse to ask my father for it,” Tang Ying said with a difficult expression.

“Fine, I’ll agree to it. However, I will only protect you for a month, and not a day more.”

“Furthermore, you must bring me to retrieve the Demon Subduing Spring Water right now. I need it urgently,” For the sake of Wang Qiang’s safety, Chu Feng decided to compromise.

“Haha, great, this is truly great.”

“But, you must wait a moment. After my Third Brother returns, we can go together,” Tang Ying said.

“How long must I wait? I do not have too much time to waste,” Chu Feng said.

“We already sent out the signal for help when we were being hunted by the ferocious beasts earlier. I believe that they will soon arrive,” Tang Ying said.

“If that’s the case, I’ll wait for a bit,” After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes.

He was actually planning to comprehend the way of martial cultivation, and see if he could attempt to reach a breakthrough the bottleneck. After all, as long as he broke through the bottleneck, he would reach a breakthrough in his cultivation, becoming a rank two Half Martial Ancestor.

Although Chu Feng was already a Half Martial Ancestor now, he knew that a rank one Half Martial Ancestor would not amount to much in the Outer World. As such, he must quickly reach a breakthrough in his cultivation.

“You all, take this medicine. It will be able to cure your injuries,” Right at the moment when Chu Feng planned to attempt to comprehend the way of martial cultivation, he discovered that Tang Ying was treating the injuries of her guards.

As those people had been injured by ferocious beasts, their injuries were absolutely not limited to superficial wounds. The way Chu Feng saw it, even though the medicinal pellets that Tang Ying took out were decent quality medicine, they were not sufficient to heal those people’s injuries quickly.

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, Chu Feng extended his finger, pointed to the distance and made a circular motion with it. He drew a circle on the distant ground, pointed to it and said, “All of you, enter that circle.”

“Eh... sir, w-what are you planning to do?” Hearing those words, the guards were startled.

Although Chu Feng could be considered to be someone in their camp now, they were still unable to accept it that easily. As such, they were still on guard against Chu Feng.

“Aiya, just do as you’re ordered. Go, go, go, don’t dillydally around,” Tang Ying said.

Those people seemed to not dare to go against Tang Ying. One by one, they entered the circle Chu Feng had drawn on the ground.

“Chu Feng, exactly what are you planning to do?” Then, Tang Ying asked curiously.

However, Chu Feng ignored her, instead looking directly to those people.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh~~~”

After all the people entered the circle, Chu Feng’s hands began to change in rapid succession. Many rays of boundless spirit power began to fly toward the circle, entering it and forming a spirit formation.

“Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spirit Power?”

After seeing the spirit power that Chu Feng had unleashed, the crowd present were all stunned.

However, Chu Feng did not bother with them. Instead, he wholeheartedly continued to set up his spirit formation. It was a healing spirit formation.

Being within that healing spirit formation, those people’s badly mutilated bodies were soon healed. Furthermore, their pain also completely disappeared. It could be said that their injuries had been completely healed.

“Done,” Chu Feng waved his sleeve, and that spirit formation vanished like smoke in thin air.

At this moment, the people inside that circle were all healthy and energetic. They possessed even more vigor than when before they had been injured.

“Many thanks,” At this moment, those people hurriedly clasped their fists to express their thanks. They all had slightly ashamed expressions on their faces.

After all, they were on guard against Chu Feng earlier when Chu Feng was actually doing so to treat them.

“Wow, Chu Feng, you’re amazing. Not only is your martial cultivation strong, you’re actually also a Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist. Amazing, you are simply my idol. For me to have such a powerful bodyguard, I have truly picked up a treasure!” Tang Ying ran toward Chu Feng and shouted excitedly.

“Can you quiet down?” Chu Feng cast an eye at her. Then, he added, “At most an hour. If your brother does not come in an hour, you must bring me to your Tang Family.”

“Okay, okay, okay, that’s no problem,” Tang Ying said with a beaming smile. After knowing that Chu Feng was a Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist, her impression of Chu Feng grew even more favorable. In fact, there were even traces of adoration in her gaze.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh~~~”

Not long after, over a hundred figures flew over from the sky.

These were all people that Chu Feng had seen before; they were the people from the Tang Family that Chu Feng had run into several days ago. Merely, this group of people were composed of a lot of experts. Practically all of the Half Martial Ancestor-level experts were in that group. Those two old rank six Half Martial Ancestors were also present.

“Little sister, you have truly scared me to death. When I saw that distress signal that you sent out, I thought that something had happened to you.”

“Eh? Why are there so few people? Where did they all go?” The black-haired robust man was evidently the third brother that Tang Ying had spoken of. After he approached them, he immediately started to question her nonstop.

Suddenly, his gaze landed on Chu Feng. After he discovered Chu Feng, boundless killing intent immediately surged forth.

He pointed at Chu Feng and shouted, “So it was you!”

“Kill him!!!”

Once his order was spoken, those Half Martial Ancestor-level experts all unleashed their weapons and prepared to attack Chu Feng.

Upon seeing that, Tang Ying hurriedly said, “Big brother, what are you doing?! He is my savior!”

“What?!” Hearing those words, not only was that robust man surprised, the others that had just arrived with him were also surprised.

“Big brother, he indeed saved us. Furthermore, he has became my bodyguard,” Tang Ying said.

“Little sister, what are you talking about? Why am I unable to make sense of what you’re saying?” That robust man revealed an expression of confusion.

Then, Tang Ying began to explain all that had occurred to that robust man.

Merely, even after he learned of what had happened, the impression that robust man had of Chu Feng did not change. There was still hostility in his gaze. Furthermore, he said to Tang Ying, “Little sister, our Tang Family is currently under special circumstances. How could we bring such an unknown stranger to our Tang Family?”

“Big brother, isn’t our Tang Family raising an army right now? Haven’t those two people also been invited to our Tang Family?” Tang Ying pointed to the two old rank six Half Martial Ancestors.

“Nonsense! Who are these two seniors, and who is that boy? How could he possibly compare to these two seniors?” The robust man spoke with a low voice. From his words, one could tell that he looked down on Chu Feng deeply.

“Humph,” The two old men also uttered light snorts. It was as if they were agreeing to that robust man’s words.

However, as Chu Feng only cared about saving Wang Qiang, he simply did not take their words to heart. Instead, he stood up and said, “Hey, Tang Ying, since your brother has arrived, we can go now, right?”

“Go? Where?” The robust man spoke with an unpleasant tone.

“Big brother, I have already promised Chu Feng that we will immediately set off for the Tang Family after you arrived,” Tang Ying explained.

“That won’t do. We have yet to capture the Ghostfiend Beast. We cannot return like this,” The robust man said.

“Why are you all trying to capture that Ghostfiend Beast?” Chu Feng asked.

“That is none of your concern,” The robust man spoke coldly.

“Big brother, how could you speak to Chu Feng in such a manner? He is someone that saved me,” Tang Ying cast a side eye at her brother. Then, she said to Chu Feng, “Chu Feng, we have actually come here with the intention of capturing the Ghostfiend Beast.”

“I know that. I’m asking why you all want to capture that Ghostfiend Beast,” Chu Feng said.

“To cure my father. My father is seriously injured. Only the Ghostfiend Beasts’ bone powder can cure him,” Tang Ying said.

“In that case, does it mean that as long as that Ghostfiend Beast is captured, we will be able to return to your Tang Family immediately?” Chu Feng asked.

“That’s right,” Tang Ying nodded.

“Tell me the characteristics of that Ghostfiend Beast,” Chu Feng said.

In response, Tang Ying hurriedly began to explain what she knew of the Ghostfiend Beast to Chu Feng.

After hearing what Tang Ying said, Chu Feng immediately revealed a joyous expression. Actually, he had already guessed that the so-called Ghostfiend Beast that Tang Ying and the others were talking about might be the strange ferocious beast he had killed.

After Tang Ying explained its characteristics and appearance to him, Chu Feng was certain that the strange ferocious beast he had killed was that Ghostfiend Beast.

“That makes it simple. We can leave for the Tang Family now,” As Chu Feng spoke, he placed his hand on his Cosmos Sack.

“Yoh, based on your words, you seem to be indicating that the Ghostfiend Beast is easy to capture? It is not that I am looking down on you. But, with your mere cultivation of a rank one Half Martial Ancestor, a single spit from the Ghostfiend Beast would be able to drown you alive,” The robust man mocked Chu Feng.

The two old rank six Half Martial Ancestors also snorted disdainfully as they looked to Chu Feng with gazes of contempt.

“Oh?” Chu Feng was not angered by those words. Instead, he sat on the ground and said, “In that case, go and have it spit a mouthful of saliva to drown me to death.”

“What did you say? Say it again?” The robust man thought that Chu Feng was provoking him and became enraged. He had the appearance of wanting to attack Chu Feng.

However, Chu Feng completely ignored that man’s words. Instead, he retrieved a Cosmos Sack from his waist, and tossed it upward. As light flickered from the Cosmos Sack, a loud “boom” was heard. Then, something crashed onto the ground.

Upon seeing the thing that was on the ground, all the people present, including even the robust man and the two old men, revealed stunned, tongue-tied expressions.

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).