Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2229 - No Match

“Zzzzzz~~~”

Seeing that the situation was bad, Chu Feng’s eyes immediately flickered with lightning. His Thunder Armor and Thunder Wings instantly appeared alongside his dazzling lightnings.

In merely an instant, Chu Feng’s aura had increased from rank two Half Martial Ancestor to rank four Half Martial Ancestor.

“Woosh~~~”

After Chu Feng’s cultivation increased, he did not bother to dodge Li Rui’s attack. Instead, he made a fist and shot it forth.

He was planning to use his own strength to receive that Li Rui’s attack; he was planning to meet force with force.

“Boom~~~”

A loud explosion sounded. Heaven and earth started to tremble. Not only did Chu Feng disperse Li Rui’s attack with his fist strike, he also knocked Li Rui back, causing him to reveal an expression of astonishment.

Shocked. Li Rui was extremely shocked. After all, he was a rank seven Half Martial Ancestor. The way he saw it, even if Chu Feng were to unleash his Thunder Armor and Thunder Wings, even if his heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivations was considered, he would only be able to contend against ordinary rank seven Half Martial Ancestors, and would most definitely not be a match for him.

However, judging from the situation now, things had clearly not gone the way he had anticipated. Chu Feng was not as simple as being able to contend against rank seven Half Martial Ancestors. Instead, his strength had already surpassed that of ordinary rank seven Half Martial Ancestors.

“It would seem that I have underestimated you,” After a moment of astonishment, Li Rui revealed a fascinating smile. It was as if he felt greater anticipation for the upcoming battle.

“Why are you attacking me? I don’t seem to remember any grudges or grievances between us,” Chu Feng asked with a cold tone. Even if he must fight Li Rui, he must first know why. After all, Li Rui’s identity was somewhat special; he was Xu Yiyi’s senior brother.

“Xu Yiyi? Is it because of her?” Suddenly, Chu Feng’s gaze changed as he mentioned Xu Yiyi’s name.

“Clever. Indeed, it’s because of junior sister Yiyi. Although we do not know why that is the case, all of us can tell that junior sister Yiyi thinks very highly of you.”

“She values you more than even us, her fellow martial brothers and sisters,” Li Rui said.

“You’re overthinking things. While it is true that Xu Yiyi treats me very well, it is only because I helped her before. Perhaps she feels grateful toward me, and is not actually fond of me. At the very most, the two of us would only be friends,” Chu Feng explained.

“I naturally understand what you mean. However, it remains that there is the possibility that she likes you. As for me, I must completely eliminate that possibility,” Li Rui said.

“It seems that you are determined to kill me?” Chu Feng’s eyes narrowed. Coldness emerged in his eyes.

“I know that your world spirit is extremely powerful, and was capable of killing even Hong Xi. If it wasn’t for the fact that this place prevents the summoning of one’s world spirits, I would naturally not dare to fight against you.”

“Furthermore, a place like this is filled with dangers. Even if you are to die here, no one would find anything unusual about it.”

“Thus, this is the best opportunity for me to kill you.”

“Bang~~~” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After Li Rui said those words, an explosion sounded from his body. Then, light yellow gaseous flames were emitted from his body.

At that moment, his long hair fluttered in the air. Soon, it stood up straight and, began to sway left and right.

Being illuminated by the light yellow light, Li Rui appeared to have turned a light yellow color.

Furthermore, there were many veined patterns moving about in the gaseous flames.

Most importantly, his aura had increased. From his original cultivation of rank seven Half Martial Ancestor, the aura that he currently emitted was that of a rank eight Half Martial Ancestor.

“Divine Power?” Chu Feng was already able to tell that Li Rui’s light yellow gaseous flames were a sort of Divine Power.

It was that Divine Power that had increased Li Rui’s cultivation by a level. Furthermore, his battle power had also received an enormous increase.

“Clank~~~”

Suddenly, Li Rui flipped his palm, and a black blade appeared in his hand.

It was an Incomplete Ancestral Armament. Li Rui was extremely strong to begin with. Adding on his Incomplete Ancestral Armament, Li Rui’s strength had increased by an enormous amount. As his light yellow gaseous flames spread to the surrounding space, the surrounding space started to shatter.

“Heh...” Seeing this scene, Chu Feng suddenly laughed. He was able to tell that not only was Li Rui planning to kill him, he was extremely determined to kill him.

“I, Li Rui, am never one to do something that I am not confident in. Since I attacked you today, I will definitely kill you.”

“Clank~~~”

Li Rui unleashed his attack. His black blade was slashed at Chu Feng.

Before the blade arrived, the surging oppressive might brought forth by the blade blew Chu Feng’s hair into disorder, and caused his clothing to flutter in the wind. Even his face was distorted.

“Clank~~~”

When the black blade landed, sparks and energy ripples flew about in all directions.

It was blocked.

At that moment, Chu Feng was holding his Incomplete Ancestral Armament, the Magma Emperor Sword, horizontally before him.

He had blocked Li Rui’s attack with that sword.

“Impossible!!!”

Li Rui was greatly alarmed. It was reasonable for him to not be able to easily kill Chu Feng as a rank seven Half Martial Ancestor. After all, Chu Feng possessed a battle power capable of contending against ordinary rank seven Half Martial Ancestors.

However, he had clearly increased his cultivation to that of a rank eight Half Martial Ancestor now. Even if Chu Feng possessed an Incomplete Ancestral Armament, it should still be impossible for him to block his attack.

He should be able to easily kill Chu Feng!!!

“Since you want to kill me, there is no reason for me to let you live.”

At the moment when Li Rui was astonished, Chu Feng unleashed attacks at Li Rui with lightning speed.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh~~~”

Numerous blade rays shot toward Li Rui, leaving him without a way to escape.

It was a Heaven Taboo Martial Skill. Chu Feng had unleashed a fatal attack from the get-go. Like Li Rui did to him, Chu Feng did not plan to give Li Rui the time to take a breath.

“I refuse to believe!!!”

Li Rui shouted. Then, he swept out the black blade in his hand.

“Boom~~~”

His slash shook heaven and earth, and shattered space itself.

Even Chu Feng’s blade rays were completely dispersed by Li Rui’s slash.

In fact, Chu Feng was also forced back many steps by the aftermath of that slash.

“......”

At that moment, Chu Feng was frowning. He knew that the situation was bad.

The reason for that was because Li Rui had also unleashed a Heaven Taboo Martial Skill. However, its might was able to completely suppress his own Heaven Taboo Martial Skill.

This meant that Li Rui was no ordinary character, that he also possessed an extremely strong battle power.

If he were fighting against an ordinary rank eight Half Martial Ancestor, Chu Feng would be able to contend against that individual. Even if he couldn’t win, he would at least be able to force a draw.

However, when faced with Li Rui, Chu Feng would not be a match.

Suddenly, Li Rui shouted, “Emperor Taboo Martial Skill: Endless Twilight!!!” Then, many streams of twilight began to appear from his body. After the twilight appeared, it formed many blade rays that began to shoot toward Chu Feng from all directions.

Faced with the incoming attack, that Emperor Taboo Martial Skill that seemed to be impossible to resist, a determined expression flashed through Chu Feng’s gaze.

“Puu, puu, puu~~~”

Countless twilight blade rays began to penetrate Chu Feng’s body. They ruthlessly tore Chu Feng’s body apart and crushed his bones. Not even a speck of his body remained.

However, even with that being the case, the twilight blade rays were still flying toward where Chu Feng had previously stood and completely shattered the surroundings.

At the moment when the twilight blade rays stopped, the surrounding several thousand meter area around Li Rui was completely destroyed. Even the ground beneath Li Rui’s feet was destroyed and turned into an enormous thousand-meter-deep abyss.

“I said it before. I, Li Rui, will never do something I have no certainty of. Since I have decided to act, you will undoubtedly die,” Li Rui revealed a proud expression.

“However, Chu Feng, oh Chu Feng, although you have died, I must admit that you were very powerful. Your battle power surpassed that of ordinary Heavenly Clansmen.”

“Fortunately, I am the one who attacked you this time. If it were someone else, they might really not have been able to kill you.”

After he finished saying those words, Li Rui took a long breath. He seemed to be trying to sense something.

However, after that breath, his expression suddenly changed. Li Rui revealed an alarmed expression, and began to nervously gaze at his surroundings.

After a short moment, he tightly clenched his fist. From head to toe, blue veins surged forth.

“That bastard! He actually escaped?!” Li Rui yelled with fuming with rage from between gritted teeth.

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).