Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2231 - Continuous Breakthroughs

“That boy has struck an enormous fortune. All those works of art were most likely personally created by that Exalted. That craftsmanship is many times superior to yours,” The plain clothed old monk said.

“Watch your words. You’re speaking as if your craftsmanship could be comparable to that,” The Golden Crane True Immortal stared at the old monk in a very displeased manner.

“I am naturally unable to compare, either. Truth be told, with so many treasures, I also wish to collect them,” Saying those words, the old monk’s expression changed. He looked profoundly at the Golden Crane True Immortal, “You couldn’t possibly be planning to refuse to hand them to that brat, right?”

“Humph, what sort of person do you consider me, Golden Crane, to be?” The Golden Crane True Immortal rolled his eyes and then said, “Since he discovered them, they’re his.”

“Not bad. It seems that I have looked down on you,” The old monk said with a beaming smile. Then, he turned his gaze toward the location where Chu Feng was at. However, his expression changed immediately. He said, “That brat, what is he doing?”

“What’s wrong?” Hearing those words, the Golden Crane True Immortal also turned his gaze toward Chu Feng’s location in curiosity.

Once he saw the scene, the Golden Crane True Immortal immediately flew into rage. Angrily, he started shouting, “Ruining masterpieces! Truly ruining masterpieces!!! Has that brat gone crazy?!!!!”

It was not that the two of them were exaggerating. To them, those Natural Oddities were all works of art, all objects for collections. After all, they were all things left behind by that Exalted.

However, at that moment, Chu Feng was sitting cross-legged on the ground with his mouth wide open, devouring the Natural Energies contained in the Natural Oddities.

It was not that Chu Feng did not know how precious those Natural Oddities were. Merely... to him, the most precious thing would be the Natural Energies.

The thousands of Natural Oddities all contained enormous amounts of Natural Energies. Chu Feng did not wish to miss this opportunity. As such, he was frantically refining them. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Finally, Chu Feng stood up and bowed to those Natural Oddities. He said, “Thank you, senior!!!”

“How was it? With all those Natural Energies, what level of cultivation are you capable of breaking through to now?” Her Lady Queen asked curiously.

“You might find it unbelievable if I tell you. However, the Natural Energies contained here were truly enormous.”

“If my guess is correct, the Natural Energies contained in my dantian right now should be sufficient for me to break through to rank nine Half Martial Ancestor,” Chu Feng said with a beaming smile. He was feeling extremely happy right now. After all, sufficient Natural Energy to reach rank nine Half Martial Ancestor would save him a lot of time.

“Not bad, not bad. Boy, it seems like this trip has truly been worthwhile for you,” Eggy also felt happiness for Chu Feng.

After all, as she had been with Chu Feng the entire time, she knew best how difficult it was for him to accumulate Natural Energies.

Yet now, he had managed to gather sufficient Natural Energies to break through to rank nine Half Martial Ancestor at once. This truly surpassed her imagination.

Unable to contain himself, Chu Feng exclaimed, “This is the Outer World. A place with experts is a place with opportunity,”

Perhaps those Natural Energies might not amount to much to others. However, Chu Feng knew very well how important those Natural Energies were.

“A waste, truly a waste. Without those Natural Energies, the value of those collectibles made of Natural Oddities has decreased enormously.”

“What is that boy thinking? Could it be feces filled his head?” The Golden Crane True Immortal was still lamenting. He stared at those Natural Oddities with an expression of heartache.

As for Chu Feng, he simply could not hear the Golden Crane True Immortal’s complaint. At that moment, he sat cross-legged on the ground with his eyes closed. He had begun to comprehend the power here so that he could reach a breakthrough.

Time passed by rapidly. In the blink of an eye, four hours passed.

Chu Feng opened his eyes and set up a special concealing formation around him. Then, he closed his eyes again.

“It’s coming,” Right at that moment, the old monk suddenly cast his gaze towards the depths of the sky.

“What’s coming?” The Golden Crane True Immortal also looked to the deep sky in curiosity.

“That is?!!” Immediately, the Golden Crane True Immortal’s expression changed enormously. Incomparable shock appeared on his aged face.

“Divine Punishment, could that be the legendary Divine Punishment?!” The Golden Crane True Immortal muttered in astonishment.

“It is indeed the Divine Punishment. Furthermore, it is caused by Chu Feng,” The old monk said.

“That brat actually trains in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique?!” The Golden Crane True Immortal revealed an astonished expression. Then, unable to contain himself, he asked the old monk, “Exactly what is his origin?”

Hearing those words, the old monk smiled lightly. He said, “Didn’t you say that you weren’t interested?”

“Old Poisonous Substance, don’t keep me in suspense. Quickly, tell me,” The Golden Crane True Immortal urged.

“I already told you before that I would not tell you. If you wish to know, go and ask him yourself,” The old monk said with a beaming smile.

“You damned old bastard.”

“You’re trying to force me to take him as a disciple? I’m not going to be duped by you,” The Golden Crane True Immortal snorted coldly. However, his gaze was still fixed onto the sky.

The power there was too frightening. Even an expert like him felt horror upon seeing it.

“Strange, why is the power of the Divine Punishment not descending? Why is it just hovering in the sky?” The Golden Crane True Immortal asked.

“Who said it hadn’t descended? Twenty percent of it has already descended, and is currently tormenting that brat,” The old monk said.

“Mn?” The Golden Crane True Immortal turned his gaze to Chu Feng, and discovered that Chu Feng was indeed clenching his teeth with a painful expression.

“But, it’s only twenty percent. That’s too strange,” The Golden Crane True Immortal said.

“What’s strange about it? That is his ability,” The old monk said.

“Not only does he train in the legendary Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique, he was actually also able to deceive the heavens to have the Divine Punishment only descend with twenty percent of its power. Exactly what is the origin of that brat?” The Golden Crane True Immortal became even more curious about Chu Feng’s identity.

“I feel that that is not what’s amazing about him,” The old monk said.

“What do you mean?” The Golden Crane True Immortal asked.

“He only spent four hours there to comprehend the mysteries of the path of Martial Cultivation and break through the bottleneck of rank two Half Martial Ancestor. His comprehension ability is his strongest aspect,” The old monk said.

“Now that you mention it, that’s true,” The Golden Crane True Immortal nodded in approval.

Suddenly, the Golden Crane True Immortal’s gaze changed. He said, “He broke through. He managed to successfully withstand the power of that Divine Punishment.”

“That’s right. Although twenty percent is very frightening, it is but a piece of cake to him,” The old monk nodded.

It was as it the two of them said, Chu Feng’s cultivation had increased. He was no longer a rank two Half Martial Ancestor, and had become a rank three Half Martial Ancestor.

Although he was only a rank three Half Martial Ancestor, Chu Feng would be able to defeat Li Rui should he use his various abilities.

However, Chu Feng’s eyes were not yet open. He was still comprehending the mysteries of martial cultivation left behind by that Exalted.

He was still searching for a junction to break through yet another bottleneck. He did not want to miss this rare opportunity, as he wanted to continue to breakthrough.

“He’s still comprehending. I wonder, will he be able to reach another breakthrough?” The old monk said.

“It’s difficult. There’s not much time left. If he wants to become an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist, he only has fourteen hours left.”

“As for the path of martial cultivation, the further one reaches, the more difficult it becomes. The bottleneck to rank four Half Martial Ancestor is much harder to breakthrough than the bottleneck to rank three Half Martial Ancestor.”

“Fourteen hours is absolutely not enough,” The Golden Crane True Immortal said with determination.

“That’s true,” The old monk nodded in approval.

Time passed by rapidly. It was now close to fourteen hours since Chu Feng had broken through to rank three Half Martial Ancestor.

Right at this moment, the Golden Crane True Immortal and the plain clothed old monk both raised their heads upward. They once again looked to the sky.

The power of the Divine Punishment appeared once again. Although it was invisible to ordinary people, those that were capable of seeing it all noticed it.

“It’s here again! He actually succeeded!!!”

At this moment, these two grand characters both revealed astonished expressions.

It was precisely because they were cultivation experts and had experienced the realms of cultivation that Chu Feng was breaking through before that they were astonished upon discovering that Chu Feng reached another breakthrough in a mere fourteen hours.

“Buzz~~~”

At this moment, the power of the Divine Punishment in the sky was gradually descending.

The power of the Divine Punishment this time around was many times more powerful than the previous one. Furthermore, it was no longer twenty percent that descended. Instead, thirty percent of the Divine Punishment descended.

No matter how one looked at it, the power of the Divine Punishment this time around was much more terrifying than last time.

However, there was not too much of a change in Chu Feng’s expression compared to the last time. Although he had a pained expression, he was able to withstand the Divine Punishment.

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).