Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2257 - Revealing One’s Ability

“Lord Valley master, please calm your anger. This subordinate truly didn’t know that this Chu Feng was actually an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist,” Li Rui’s master hurriedly tried to explain.

“You didn’t know?” The Sunset Cloud Valley revealed a suspicious expression.

“Lord Valley Master, this subordinate would not dare to deceive you. I truly didn’t know,” Li Rui’s master continued to explain.

“You didn’t know? Head Law Enforcement Elder, you really didn’t know that I was an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist?”

“If you really didn’t know that I was an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist, why did you force-feed me that medicinal pellet that restricted my spirit power and my ability to speak?”

“Could it be that it wasn’t because you were afraid that Lord Valley Master would find out that I’m an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist?” Chu Feng asked Li Rui’s master. His tone was very sharp, stabbing straight at the crucial things.

“What? You actually fed him a medicinal pellet that sealed his spirit power and even his speech?” Hearing those words, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master was extremely shocked.

“Lord Valley Master, please do not listen to his nonsense. I simply did not feed him such a medicinal pellet,” Li Rui’s master hurriedly explained.

“You shut up first!” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master berated coldly. Li Rui’s master no longer dared to quibble. Like that, he quietly kneeled on the ground.

In response, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master looked to Chu Feng and asked, “You are called Chu Feng?”

“Yes,” Chu Feng replied.

“Chu Feng, if you have received unjust treatment, I will definitely obtain justice for you later. However, I have a presumptuous request right now,” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master said.

“Do you want me to treat your Lady Mother’s illness?” Chu Feng asked.

“Are you willing?” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master asked.

“Lord Valley Master, please lead the way,” Chu Feng said.

“Very well. Please follow me,” Seeing that Chu Feng agreed to help, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master revealed a relaxed smile.

However, before showing the way for Chu Feng, he used his sharp gaze to look at Li Rui’s master, “Elder Tuoba, wait here. Before I return, you are not allowed to leave.”

“Yes, Milord,” Li Rui’s master replied respectfully.

At that moment, he no longer possessed the same sort of complacence he had earlier. Instead, nervousness and unease filled his face.

Being led by the Valley Master, Chu Feng walked deep into the Valley Master’s residence. He then arrived at a neat and tidy bedchamber.

This bedchamber was not very large, and was decorated very simply. Although it was not majestic, it was very neat. When looking at it, one would feel very comfortable.

Right after entering the bedchamber, Chu Feng heard the painful voice of an elderly person.

It was a female. She was extremely old, so old that her body was filled with wrinkles and age spots. Even her hair was nearly all gone, as were all of her teeth.

As for this woman, she was being tormented by the pain of her illness so much so that she had lost consciousness.

Needing no introduction, Chu Feng managed to guess that this old woman must be the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master’s mother.

Merely, to Chu Feng’s surprise, the mother of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master did not possess a high level of cultivation. In fact, her cultivation could be said to be very weak.

She was actually only a Martial Emperor. Furthermore, she was only a rank one Martial Emperor.

In the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, that level of cultivation could be considered extremely weak.

However, that was not the important aspect that Chu Feng was focused on. His focus was fixed onto this old woman’s illness.

Upon seeing her, without even waiting for the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master to say anything, Chu Feng walked up toward her and began to stabilize her illness.

As the saying goes, an expert’s ability will be revealed the moment they act. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Once Chu Feng started, he immediately caused the gaze of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master to change. All of his misgivings and hidden caution against Chu Feng were mostly dispelled at that moment.

The reason for that was because after Chu Feng started, not only did the Valley Master’s mother’s face no longer possess that painful expression, her complexion also turned a lot more mild.

In fact, when Chu Feng stopped, the complexion of the mother of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master had become rosy. Although she had not woken up and started to sleep, it was a very sound sleep.

Furthermore, all of this took Chu Feng less than an hour.

“Young Hero, your art of healing is truly amazing,” At that moment, the old lady who served the Valley Master’s mother had a joyous expression on her face. She was unable to contain herself from praising Chu Feng.

“Chu Feng, without mentioning other things, but merely for the fact that you have treated my mother’s illness, I, Bai Xiuzhu, am extremely grateful,” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master actually turned to Chu Feng and bowed with clasped fists.

He, an individual with a status high and above Chu Feng’s, was someone who would rarely make such a respectful gesture to another, much less someone with the status of a prisoner like Chu Feng.

However, he did such a thing. From that, it could be seen how much importance his mother held in his heart.

“Lord Valley Master’s words are too serious. I merely did what I was capable of,” Chu Feng said.

“Chu Feng, I might as well get right to the point. Are you capable of curing my mother’s illness?” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master asked.

“Lord Valley Master’s mother’s illness is indeed very dangerous. However, curing her illness is not that hard either. It is not an incurable disease.”

“Actually, if a Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritist possessed exquisite ability in the art of healing and wholeheartedly treated her illness, they would also be able to cure her,” Chu Feng said.

“Truly? But, all of the Dragon Mark Royal-cloak World Spiritists I’ve requested before all said that only an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist could treat her illness,” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master said.

“Perhaps it is because they do not dare to attempt to cure her illness out of a fear of failure. However, Lord Valley Master, you can rest assured. I am able to cure your mother’s illness. Furthermore, I do not need to wait until later. I can do it right now,” Chu Feng said.

“Right now? You’re truly capable of curing her right now?” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master was in disbelief.

“To be exact, I must cure her right now. If her treatment is to continue to be delayed, your mother’s illness might end up being a danger to her life,” Chu Feng said.

“A danger to her life?” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master frowned.

“Could it be that Lord Valley Master didn’t know that your mother’s illness has reached a very dangerous level?” Chu Feng asked.

The way Chu Feng saw it, this Lord Valley Master should know very well about his mother’s illness being very serious. Else, he would not have been requesting for and petitioning Immortal-cloak World Spiritists so urgently.

“Chu Feng, as long as you are able to cure my mother’s illness, even if you have truly killed Chu Luyang, I can treat it as if nothing has happened.”

“Furthermore, I will also provide you with rewards. You can make any demand of me,” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master said.

Sure enough, it was as Chu Feng had anticipated, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master also knew that his mother’s illness was very serious.

Else, he would not have not questioned Chu Feng, and instead directly proposed rewarding Chu Feng.

“We can set the matter of Chu Luyang aside till later. Right now, the treatment of Lord Valley Master’s mother is the most urgent.”

“Merely, your mother’s illness is truly special. Thus, I must use a special method to treat her illness. For that, I will need Lord Valley Master’s assistance,” Chu Feng said.

“How should I assist? Please tell me,” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master said.

“I will need Lord Valley Master’s blood. I am going to completely exchange your mother’s blood with yours,” Chu Feng said.

“No problem,” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master agreed without the slightest hesitation.

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).