Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2258 - Return Justice To You

“Lord Valley Master, please don’t agree to it this urgently,” Chu Feng smiled.

He continued, “Other than your blood, I will also need Lord Valley Master’s source energy. I will have to use your source energy to wash your mother’s source energy.”

“How could that be allowed?!!!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“One’s source energy is one’s foundation. If one’s source energy is altered, not only will it ruin one’s foundation, it might even cause one’s death,” Hearing what Chu Feng said, before the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley master could speak, the expression of that old lady immediately changed.

“If one’s source energy is altered improperly, it would indeed lead to the conditions that you spoke of. However, if one’s source energy is altered properly, it will, at the very most, lead to one’s body suffering damage. However, that damage is something that can be repaired after resting for some time and using some precious medicinal herbs. It will not affect one’s future,” Chu Feng said.

“Young Hero, you said that is the case if the source energy is altered properly. However, if it isn’t altered properly, it will indeed affect one’s cultivation, and even bring harm to one’s life,” That old lady was still worried.

“Must this be done?” However, compared to the old lady who served his mother, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master was rather calm.

“This is the only method to cure your mother’s illness. It is precisely because this method demands a high expertise in world spiritist techniques that ordinary Royal-cloak World Spiritists would not dare to attempt to cure your mother, and say that they cannot cure her,” Chu Feng said.

“In that case, may I know how much certainty you hold in your methods?” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master asked.

“I possess a hundred percent certainty,” Chu Feng said.

“Chu Feng, it is not that I do not trust you. Merely, this matter not only concerns my own safety, it also concerns the safety of our Sunset Cloud Valley.”

“If I wasn’t the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master, I would definitely agree to it without complaint. After all, you are curing my mother’s illness.”

“However, as I am the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master, I must take responsibility for everyone in the Sunset Cloud Valley, as well as responsibility for myself.”

Before the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master could finish his words, Chu Feng interrupted him, “Lord Valley Master, you want this Chu Feng to set up a ‘guarantee?’” [1. The original term in chinese for what I translated as guarantee is ‘military order.’ Basically, one will vow that one will succeed in battle. Should one fail, one will be punished according to military law. It is there to strengthen the sense of responsibility for the military commander.]

“You are truly intelligent. Might that be doable?” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master asked. Likely because he was feeling embarrassed to ask Chu Feng to do that, his tone was not very confident, and even felt a bit like he was pleading.

As for the so-called ‘guarantee,’ it was actually very simple.

Since Chu Feng said that he possessed a hundred percent certainty in success, he could not make any mistakes when taking the Valley Master’s source energy.

If a mistake were to occur, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master would definitely not spare Chu Feng.

However, as it was, after all, him who had requested for Chu Feng to treat his mother’s illness, he inevitably felt embarrassed to demand that Chu Feng establish such a ‘guarantee.’

However, Chu Feng felt that this Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master possessed a decent character.

After all, Chu Feng possessed the status of a prisoner. It was normal for him not to trust Chu Feng. This was be even more the case when Chu Feng was demanding his source energy.

Actually, this Lord Valley Master could simply not say anything, and try to get on good terms with Chu Feng first.

In fact, it would be not too late for him to immediately become hostile toward Chu Feng the moment he discovered that Chu Feng’s behavior was errant, or if Chu Feng caused harm to his source energy.

After all, if he had done that, Chu Feng would not feel any misgivings toward him in his heart should he succeed, and he would be able to immediately take care of Chu Feng should Chu Feng fail. It would be a much better deal for him.

However, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master did not use such a hypocritical method. Instead, he directly informed Chu Feng of what he planned to do. To this, Chu Feng felt quite a lot of admiration.

At the very least, this meant that the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master was very honest.

“Yes, that is fine,” Chu Feng said.

“Great. Never would I have expected you to be such a frank and straightforward individual with how young you are.”

“Since that’s the case, let’s start right away,” Seeing that Chu Feng agreed to it so straightforwardly, the impression the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master had toward Chu Feng grew better.

Then, Chu Feng began to set up his spirit formation to extract the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master’s blood. This was a very simple matter. In merely a short moment, Chu Feng finished it.

After that, Chu Feng began to set up the spirit formation to extract the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master’s source energy. Chu Feng set up this spirit formation meticulously. After all, if he were to fail, the consequences would be enormous.

At the moment when Chu Feng finished setting up his spirit formation and prepared to extract the source energy of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master, he said, “Lord Valley Master, it will be extremely painful. That pain is something that I am unable to help you relieve. You must endure it.”

“That’s fine. Go ahead,” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master had an unchanged expression. He did not even blink.

“Buzz~~~”

Chu Feng did not bother with anymore superfluous words, and activated the spirit formation. He began to concentrate on extracting the source energy of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master.

“Wuu~~~”

Once Chu Feng began, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master, this expert of martial cultivation, this man of steel, actually also had a change in expression. Then, his face started to distort.

Pain, it was truly painful. If one’s soul was one’s foundation, then one’s source energy would be the foundation of the soul. Without source energy, one would not be able to condense even a soul.

And now, Chu Feng was altering the Valley Master’s foundation. The pain from that was something unbearable for ordinary people.

The fact that this Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master only had a change in expression and complexion without crying out in pain meant that his tolerance was extremely strong.

As for Chu Feng, he kept his promise. Not only did he manage to extract a small portion of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master’s foundation without bringing harm to him, he also managed to successfully eradicate the illness within his mother’s body.

The old lady serving her was a Royal-cloak World Spiritist. When Chu Feng declared that the Valley Master’s mother’s treatment had been completed, she hurriedly stepped forward to inspect her.

After careful and repeated inspection, the old lady was pleased beyond expectation. She cried out, “It’s gone, it’s really gone. Young Hero is truly worthy of being an Immortal-cloak World Spiritist. He has truly managed to eradicate the illness from Lady Yan.”

In response, the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master also revealed a joyous expression. He bowed respectfully to Chu Feng and said, “Thank you, little friend Chu Feng, for treating my mother’s illness.”

“Little friend Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques are truly excellent. I am truly wrong to have doubted little friend Chu Feng earlier. As such, I shall apologize to little friend Chu Feng here. I hope little friend Chu Feng does not take offense,” His bow was not only an expression of his gratefulness toward Chu Feng, it also expressed his deep apology.

“Lord Valley master is being too serious. We are not well acquainted with one another. Furthermore, I am someone who carries a crime to my name. In this sort of situation, it was reasonable for Lord Valley Master to be on guard when I wanted to use your source energy,” Chu Feng said with an indifferent expression. What he said was also what he really felt.

“Never would I have expected you to be so open-minded at your young age. It would seem that... Elder Tuoba has truly wrongly accused you this time around,” An appreciative expression appeared in the gaze with which the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master looked to Chu Feng.

“Merely, I don’t understand. Since you are being wrongly accused, why did you admit that you killed Chu Luyang earlier?” The Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master asked.

“It’s because I indeed killed Chu Luyang,” Chu Feng said.

Hearing those words, the expression of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master changed slightly. Then, he asked, “Little friend Chu Feng, exactly what is going on? Can you tell me in detail?”

“Even if Lord Valley Master didn’t ask about this, I would still tell Lord Valley Master about this matter.”

Then, Chu Feng told the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master about what had happened in full detail.

After knowing about the whole matter, the expression of the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master turned very serious.

“Little friend Chu Feng, please wait here for a moment,” After the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master finished saying those words, he turned and left.

When he returned, two more people returned with him. They were Elder Ning Shuang and Xu Yiyi.

Seeing the different expressions that Elder Ning Shuang and Xu Yiyi had, Chu Feng knew that they must’ve known what had happened.

“Chu Feng, are you okay?” Upon seeing Chu Feng, Xu Yiyi asked in a deeply concerned manner.

“Be at ease. Aren’t I standing here?,” Chu Feng said with a smile.

Xu Yiyi knelt onto the ground and said, “Lord Valley Master, Elder Tuoba, he... as the Head Law Enforcement Elder of the Law Enforcement Division, he actually consciously went against the laws in order to settle his personal grudge.”

“He deliberately hid the truth, and even forced Chu Feng to take poison. His manner of conduct is truly enough to make one’s hair rise in anger.”

“This disciple earnestly requests that Lord Valley Master severely punish Elder Tuoba in accordance with our Sunset Cloud Valley’s criminal laws.”

“Lord Valley Master, Elder Tuoba deliberately trapped me in order to take care of little friend Chu Feng. His actions are truly vile. I hope that Lord Valley Master will be able to give little friend Chu Feng justice,” Elder Ning Shuang added.

“Rest assured. I will definitely return justice to little friend Chu Feng,” At that moment, although the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master had a calm expression, his eyes were surging with anger.

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).