Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2271 - A Bizarre Scene

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, Her Lady Queen started to emit a boundless amount of dark black gaseous flames from her body.

Merely, the dark black gaseous flames this time around were very different from how they usually were, they were no longer so wild and domineering; they actually possessed a trace of warmth.

After those gaseous flames were emitted, they covered Chu Feng and began to slowly assimilate into Chu Feng’s body.

The very next moment, Chu Feng, who was in miserable pain, started to appear to suffer less pain. Even his screams stopped.

“It was actually capable of retarding Chu Feng’s pain?”

“Is this what it means to be an Asura World Spirit?”

Upon seeing the ability revealed by Her Lady Queen, even the Sunset Cloud Valley’s Valley Master and Su Jingrui’s expressions changed as they revealed shock in their eyes.

They were all able to tell that Her Lady Queen was healing Chu Feng. However, the pain that Chu Feng had been suffering from was very special, it was something that even they were powerless against.

Yet, Her Lady Queen was actually capable of treating the pain that even they were powerless against.

This gave them a whole new opinion of the legendary Asura World Spirit.

.............

Ever since Chu Feng received the attack from the old cat, he had entered a strange state.

Even though he had been screaming in pain and even rolling and crawling nonstop, demonstrating the overwhelming pain that he felt, all that was only an involuntary display of pain from Chu Feng.

Chu Feng’s actual awareness had entered a strange environment.

This place looked like purgatory. Black flames colored the entire place. They were surging and burning Chu Feng, causing him to feel incomparable pain.

However, through the flames, Chu Feng was able to faintly see a bizarre scene. However, as the flames were raging non-stop, and he was in enormous pain the entire time, it led to him being unable to see that scene properly.

After being tormented for a very long time, Chu Feng suddenly felt a warm sensation appearing from his surroundings, covering his body.

Being covered by that warm sensation, the black flames that were surrounding him began to gradually wane. At that moment, the faintly discernable scene grew increasingly clear.

Chu Feng saw the birth of a child. When that child was born, the child actually carried an abnormal sign with it.

Silvery light filled the highest of the heavens, brightly illuminating the night sky.

Suddenly, a silver spear appeared from the depths of the silvery light. That silver spear was so enormously huge that it was simply impossible to describe its dimensions.

It was as if it was simply not a spear, but rather a Divine Armament that carried unsurpassed Divine Might that could bring about the destruction of the world.

However, a weapon that frightening was actually descending from the sky. In the end, it turned into a ray of silvery light and entered into the body of that child.

After that, the child was revered by the people around it, and was deemed to be beloved of the heavens.

In a flash, the scene suddenly jumped. That child had grown into to a boy, and had begun martial cultivation.

That boy’s talent for martial cultivation was extremely strong, greatly surpassing others of his age. He was truly superior to the rest.

Once again, the scene jumped. That child had become a youngster. At that time, not to mention the people of his generation, even the people of the older generation were unable to match up to him.

The scene began to jump nonstop. Although it was jumping very fast, Chu Feng managed to see the process of this child growing up.

It was the process of that child growing up to be a hot-blooded man.

Holding a silver spear in hand and wearing silver armor, that man departed from his clan. He entered the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm and began to defeat numerous experts.

With an undefeated record, he became the unparalleled legend of a generation.

“Zhan Haichuan?”

Chu Feng’s heart was moved. He was certain that the child he was seeing was Zhan Haichuan.

Thus, what he was seeing was actually the growth of Zhan Haichuan.

Merely, those scenes were jumping too quickly. Furthermore, they only recorded until Zhan Haichuan entered the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm and defeated numerous experts.

After that, the scenes shattered into countless fragments that drifted before Chu Feng.

“It seems that the place where Zhan Haichuan grew up is extremely extraordinary. Is it a sealed region in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm?”

Lingering ripples emerged in Chu Feng’s heart.

Even though the scenes had been jumping extremely quickly, and some of the episodes were incomplete, Chu Feng noticed particularities.

Zhan Haichuan came from a clan. His clan was located in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.

However, his clan was a very hidden clan, and their base was a hidden place cut off from the rest of the world.

At that moment, Chu Feng wanted to know that hidden place very much.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng noticed that Zhan Haichuan would always train at a special place whenever he reached a breakthrough in cultivation.

That place possessed an extremely dense amount of Ancient Era’s aura. Although he had only seen images of the scene, Chu Feng felt that place to be a location specially suited for martial cultivation, a place specially set aside for obtaining comprehension.

In fact, Chu Feng felt that place to be even more amazing than the floating island on Mount Cloud Crane where that Exalted had trained.

Chu Feng felt that if he could find that place and train there, he might be able to achieve continuous breakthroughs in cultivation again, that it would allow him to make great progress in his cultivation.

Merely, due to the fact that the episodes that he had seen earlier were all disjointed, missing many of their crucial contents, Chu Feng was only able to ascertain that the place where Zhan Haichuan’s clan was located must be in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.

However, as for the actual location of that clan, Chu Feng had no idea.

“Buzz~~~”

Right at that moment, the fragments scattered about in his surroundings began to rush toward Chu Feng.

In the end, they all entered Chu Feng’s mind.

Unfortunately, Chu Feng did not obtain any new information after those fragments entered his mind.

However, Chu Feng felt that those fragments wouldn’t have entered his mind without cause. He felt that they should possess a special connection with Zhan Haichuan or Zhan Haichuan’s clan.

The very next moment, everything in Chu Feng’s surroundings started to gradually disappear and turned into pitch darkness.

Chu Feng began to hear a voice in his ear. In fact, he was able to feel a familiar aura. It was Eggy’s aura. Eggy was right beside him.

Chu Feng realized that his eyes were actually closed. Thus, he hurriedly opened his eyes.

Sure enough, upon opening his eyes, he discovered that he was currently lying on a special bed. It was a bed especially used for healing injuries. Although it was not very big, it was very comfortable.

As for Eggy, she was sitting on the bedside with her head lying beside him. At that moment, she had fallen asleep.

“Eggy?” Chu Feng immediately felt sour in his heart the moment he saw the current Eggy.

Eggy’s sleeping posture was very beautiful, sweet and enchanting. She was the sort of woman that one would feel attracted to with a single glance.

However, her body was also extremely weak. Her face was extremely pale, and her aura was very weak.

Rather than saying that the current Eggy was asleep, she resembled being unconscious even more. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Chu Feng did not know exactly what had happened. However, he realized that Eggy should have been injured, seriously injured.

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to.

There will be early access to future chapters :).