Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2655 - Who Is The Monster?

The sudden voice shook the attention of everyone present.

Involuntarily, they turned their gazes toward the direction of the voice. However, the moment they did, astonishment filled their eyes.

“Who is that?”

“That couldn’t possibly be Chu Feng, right?”

As the crowd looked to the person that spoke, they all began to guess who it was.

The reason for that was because the current appearance of Chu Feng had changed.

His entire body was burning with crimson flames. At a glance, he appeared to be a humanoid crimson flame.

If it wasn’t for the fact that he was holding the Evil God Sword, no one would think that he was Chu Feng.

That said, even though Chu Feng was still holding the Evil God Sword in his hand, the crowd was still unable to be certain as to whether or not he was Chu Feng.

Apart from the frightening and uneasy aura, Chu Feng’s gaze was also very scary.

His eyes were crimson in color. They were even more crimson than the crimson flames that surrounded him. Furthermore, his eyes were shining. They were extremely scary-looking.

Those eyes were like the eyes of ferocious beasts at night. They were extremely bright. However, those eyes were not something that mere ferocious beasts’ eyes could compare to.

That said, regardless of how one looked at it, those did not resemble human eyes. Rather, they resembled the eyes of some sort of bloodthirsty creature.

If one had to describe those eyes, then... they would not be something from the world of humans, but rather the eyes of some sort of existence from the depths of hell.

The Ginseng King of Evil ran its eyes over Chu Feng and asked in a very displeased manner, “Who the hell are you? You dare to vainly attempt to contend against me?”

Even though the current Chu Feng brought great unease and fear upon the people present, the Ginseng King of Evil simply did not place him in its eyes at all.

To the Ginseng King of Evil, Chu Feng was nothing more than trash.

It felt that Chu Feng was simply unqualified to even be placed on the same level as itself.

In fact, it felt that there was not a single person, a single existence, in the entire Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm that could contend against it.

“Originally, I planned to give you a delightful death. Never did I expect you to actually have the nerve to speak this rudely toward this Evil God.”

“Since that’s the case, this Evil God shall have you experience the taste of misery that makes one wish they were dead,” Chu Feng said.

“You dare speak to me in such a manner?! You are the one courting death!”

“Woosh~~~”

Coldness flashed through the eyes of the Ginseng King of Evil. The next moment, a tentacle-feeler flew toward Chu Feng.

Everything happened too quickly. Logically, with the speed of that tentacle-feeler, Chu Feng should not have been able to see it. After all, it was simply too fast, so fast that he should not have been able to react.

If it were the Chu Feng from back then, he might not even know how he died.

However, after Chu Feng’s body was occupied by the Evil God Sword, Chu Feng was able to clearly see the movements of the Ginseng King of Evil. He was able to clearly see the Ginseng King of Evil sending out a tentacle-feeler to attack him.

“Snap~~~”

Chu Feng waved the Evil God Sword in his hand, and a crimson blade ray swept across the sky. He chopped off that tentacle-feeler easily.

To be exact, it was no longer Chu Feng. At that moment, the Evil God Sword was controlling Chu Feng’s body. Even the words spoken earlier were spoken by the Evil God Sword.

Although... it was still Chu Feng’s voice, it remained that it was the Evil God Sword who had spoken earlier.

The current Chu Feng was in a similar situation to Eggy. Although he was able to share the Evil God Sword’s vision and hearing, he had completely lost control of his body.

“Mn?”

Seeing that its attack was easily neutralized, astonishment appeared in the Ginseng King of Evil’s six enormous eyes.

Evidently, it did not expect that there would be someone capable of blocking its attack and... even slicing off its tentacle-feeler.

In fact, it was not only the Ginseng King of Evil that was astonished. Chu Bore, who was being held captive by the Ginseng King of Evil, also revealed an enormous change in expression.

Chu Bore knew very well how powerful the Evil God Sword was. However, the power of the Evil God Sword was being suppressed by the Demon Armament Suppression Talisman.

Since it was being suppressed, it should not have been able to unleash its powers.

At that moment, Chu Bore turned his gaze to the Demon Armament Suppression Talisman.

In the beginning, he thought that some sort of problem might have arisen from the Demon Armament Suppression Talisman.

However, upon doing so, he discovered that the Demon Armament Suppression Talisman was still in the sky. It was above Chu Feng and shining gloriously like the sun, covering Chu Feng with its golden radiance.

There was no problem with the Demon Armament Suppression Talisman at all. It was still suppressing the Evil God Sword in Chu Feng’s hand with its special power.

However, the aura emitted by the Evil God Sword right now appeared to be much more powerful than before. It... had already broken free from the suppression of the Demon Armament Suppression Talisman.

“Could it be that the Demon Armament Suppression Talisman is simply unable to curb it?” At that moment, Chu Bore started to ponder in his heart.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh~~~”

Right at that moment, the Ginseng King of Evil once again unleashed an attack at Chu Feng.

This time around, it was no longer a mere tentacle-feeler. Instead, the Ginseng King of Evil sent forth many enormous tentacles, as well as countless tentacle-feelers, to attack Chu Feng at the same time.

The tentacles and feelers were so numerous that they completely covered the entire sky. They had sealed off Chu Feng’s escape. Chu Feng was simply unable to dodge them all.

Perhaps it might be because the body was his, but Chu Feng was not only able to share the Evil God Sword’s sight and hearing, but he was also able to clearly feel the sensations the Evil God Sword was feeling.

Thus, he was able to clearly sense how enormously powerful the attack unleashed by the Ginseng King of Evil was.

It was a fatal attack. It was an attack that Chu Feng would never have been able to withstand before.

The attack this time around could be said to be over a hundred times more powerful than the attack of that single tentacle-feeler from earlier.

“Woosh~~~”

Right at that moment, Chu Feng once again waved the Evil God Sword in his hand. Another enormous crimson blade ray was sent forth.

Then, the countless tentacles and tentacle-feelers, regardless of how thick they were, were all sliced apart.

The tentacles that appeared to be incomparably tough and exceptionally powerful were akin to tofu before the Evil God Sword. They were unable to withstand a single blow from the Evil God Sword.

“Exactly who are you?”

At that moment, the gaze with which the Ginseng King of Evil looked to Chu Feng had changed.

It had already realized that the existence before it was not as simple as it had originally anticipated. It was very possible that this person before it was not someone from the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.

“I am someone that you cannot afford to offend,” The Evil God Sword said.

“What arrogance!” VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The Ginseng King of Evil was enraged by the aggressive and egotistical tone of the Evil God Sword.

As it spoke, its body started to emit light. At the same time, its aura started to increase.

The next moment, those tentacles and tentacle-feelers that were sliced off by the Evil God Sword started to regrow. Then, they started attacking Chu Feng again.

“Woosh~~~”

However, faced with the incoming attacks, Chu Feng merely waved his Evil God Sword. Once again, he effortlessly sliced off all of the tentacles and tentacle-feelers with a single slash.

“It’s useless. It will be the same regardless of how many times you attempt this,” The Evil God Sword said.

The Evil God Sword said those words very calmly. However, it was precisely because of how tranquil and indifferent Chu Feng’s tone was that it appeared to be exceptionally domineering.

Since the very beginning, the Evil God Sword had never placed the Ginseng King of Evil in its eyes.

Even though the Ginseng King of Evil possessed the power to bring utter destruction to the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, the Evil God Sword never considered it to be its opponent.

At that moment, the Ginseng King of Evil revealed a serious expression.

It stopped attacking the Evil God Sword rashly. Instead, it started to carefully size up the Evil God Sword.

After a short moment, the Ginseng King of Evil spoke.

It said, “It was not my intention to make an enemy out of you. Can you spare my life?”

“This...”

The crowd present were all astonished upon hearing those words. They never expected that the Ginseng King of Evil that possessed the capability to destroy the entire Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm and was able to easily defeat that old man from the Chu Heavenly Clan would beg Chu Feng for its life.

This dramatic change was simply too shocking.

This did not resemble something that a monster capable of utter destruction would do.

However, upon carefully thinking about it, it was also understandable. Evidently... compared to this monster, Chu Feng who held the Evil God Sword in hand was more of a monster.

No matter how fierce a hungry wolf might be, its fierceness was something that only displayed before sheep and hares. If it were to encounter a tiger, it would also feel fear.

At that moment, the Ginseng King of Evil was like a hungry wolf. Before the people of the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, it was a monster capable of utter destruction.

However, in the eyes of the Ginseng King of Evil, Chu Feng who held the Evil God Sword in his hand was a monster too.

Please support the translation through my patreon if you are able to. You will be able to access up to 20 chapters ahead.