Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2753 - The Dangerous Han Yu

Chu Feng was still rapidly journeying in the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain.

Chu Feng was flying directly toward the extremely tall mountain range that pierced through the clouds and reached the sky, that mountain range located in the depths of the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain.

Chu Feng knew that the Buried Spirit Lake must be located at the summit of that mountain range.

That being said, even though Chu Feng was able to fly in the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain, there was always a pressure present. That pressure made it so that he could not fly to a high altitude. In fact, he was unable to fly above the clouds.

Thus, Chu Feng felt that it would be very difficult to fly directly to the summit of that mountain range. It could even be said to be impossible.

Chu Feng felt that he would likely have to climb the mountain to reach the summit.

“This Spirit Formation Immortal Domain is truly a mysterious place.”

Although there were restrictions present in the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain, Chu Feng was unable to contain himself from gasping in admiration.

Being inside the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain, Chu Feng was able to sense that contained within the natural energies was not only martial power, but also a special sort of power. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Even though that special power was very weak, it was quite beneficial to world spiritists when learning world spirit techniques.

Most importantly, the closer Chu Feng approached that heaven-reaching mountain range, the more intense the special power present in the natural energies became.

It was as if that heaven-reaching mountain range was the ruler of the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain.

The secrets to the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain were hidden within that heaven-reaching mountain range.

It could also be said that they were hidden within Buried Spirit Lake.

Because of this, Chu Feng started to look forward to the Buried Spirit Lake located at the summit of that mountain range even more.

“What’s going on? Why are they all gathered here?”

At the moment when Chu Feng grew even closer to that heaven-reaching mountain range, Chu Feng suddenly slowed down in the air. He discovered that there was a small plain not far ahead. On that plain were exquisite palaces and a vast plaza.

A lot of people were currently gathered on top of the plaza. Those people belonged to various different powers. There were people from the Immortal Armament Villa and the Sacred Pellet Villa, as well as those from other powers.

Among them were both people of the younger generation and people of the older generation.

Generally, the younger generations present had cultivations inferior to Chu Feng. However, as for the older generations, a truly numerous amount of them were stronger than Chu Feng.

Originally, Chu Feng did not wish to interact with these people. Thus, he set up a concealment formation and concealed himself. He wanted to continue flying over that region and proceed straight for that heaven-reaching mountain range.

“Buzz~~~”

However, before Chu Feng even reached that small plain, an enormous attractive force enveloped him. Faced with that power, Chu Feng was simply unable to resist.

Chu Feng lost the ability to fly. Like a loose kite, he started to drift in the sky.

What was leading Chu Feng around was not wind. Rather, it was that attractive force.

That attractive force was like a giant invisible hand. It had captured Chu Feng and was currently forcibly pulling him toward the plaza.

At the same time that was happening, Chu Feng’s concealment formation also came undone. It was forcibly dispersed by some sort of power.

In the end, like a shooting star, Chu Feng rapidly descended from the sky and landed in the plaza.

“This is actually a spirit formation?”

After landing in the plaza, the attractive force disappeared. However, Chu Feng was very astonished.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng had had his strongest observation ability, his Heaven’s Eyes, activated the entire time.

However, before landing, he hadn’t discovered that that place was formed by a spirit formation. However, upon landing, Chu Feng was certain that it was indeed formed by a spirit formation. Else, it would be impossible for it to possess that sort of attractive force and the ability to undo his concealment formation.

From this, it could be seen that the person who set up the spirit formation was extremely powerful. It was most likely set up by an Exalted-cloak World Spiritist.

“Chu Feng, it’s you. You’re finally here. We had thought that you wouldn’t come.”

Right at that moment, several members of the younger generation rushed over to Chu Feng excitedly. They were looking at him with very good-willed expressions. At the same time, there was a trace of reverence in their eyes.

They were the younger generations from the Immortal Armament Villa. Their cultivations were all pretty decent. The majority of them were peak Martial Ancestors. Two among them were even True Immortals. Although they were only rank one True Immortals, that they were able to reach that level of cultivation within a hundred years of age meant that they could most definitely be considered geniuses.

“Chu Feng? That Chu Feng that defeated Chu Xianshuo in the Immortal Armament Villa and obtained an Immortal Armament from the Immortal Armament Armory?”

“It really is him! He actually came to this place! I’ve heard that not only is he a Snake Mark Immortal-cloak World Spiritist, but his world spirit techniques are also extremely powerful.”

Right at that moment, the others on the plaza all gathered toward Chu Feng.

It was not only the people on the plaza. Upon hearing the name ‘Chu Feng’, many people walked out from the palaces.

Regardless of whether they were members of the younger generation or experts from the older generation, they all began to gather toward Chu Feng. They surrounded him in multiple layers.

They were looking at him and sizing him up with passionate, skeptical and various complicated expressions in their eyes. It was like they were looking at a rare animal.

Evidently, they had all heard of Chu Feng’s accomplishment.

At that moment, many people took the initiative to introduce themselves to Chu Feng. There were also people that sent voice transmissions to Chu Feng to express their intention to befriend him.

However, Chu Feng did not pay attention to anyone. After all, there were simply too many people there. Chu Feng was unable to attend to all of them.

Thus, he decided he might as well ignore all of them.

That being said, the people from the Immortal Armament Villa were different. After all, there was a certain relationship between Chu Feng and the Immortal Armament Villa.

Thus, Chu Feng turned to ask the Immortal Armament Villa’s younger generations, “Why are you all gathered here and not climbing the mountain?”

“Chu Feng, you’ve just arrived and still do not know about the circumstances here. Some change has occurred to the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain this year around. We are all unable to enter the mountain at all. Thus, all those that manage to approach the mountain will be sucked here,” A person of the younger generation from the Immortal Armament Villa explained.

“Unable to approach the mountain? In that case, wouldn’t it mean that we will not be able to enter Buried Spirit Lake? Why did we come here then?” Chu Feng asked.

“That’s a great question.”

Right at that moment, a voice was heard. Turning toward the voice, a young man was seen walking toward Chu Feng.

That man was dressed very plainly and simply. He was actually wearing plain cotton clothing.

Although it was only plain cotton clothing, his clothes were very neat and tidy. Furthermore, not only was that young man very handsome, but he was also emitting an imposing air of charisma and class.

Thus, even though his clothing was ordinary, they were unable to block his radiance.

As for his cultivation, it was also very powerful. Even though he was clearly a member of the younger generation that was less than a hundred years of age, his cultivation was that of a rank six True Immortal.

When that young man appeared, the eyes of many of the young women present started to shine. There were even people among them that started to scream loudly. One by one, they revealed infatuated appearances.

It was not only the young women that were acting that way. The young men present also revealed reverence in their eyes.

Even the experts from the older generation would smile kindly at that young man.

Without needing others to introduce him, Chu Feng knew who that young man must be.

He must be the demon-level genius ranked tenth on the Demon-level Geniuses List, Han Yu.

The reason for that was because two other men were following behind that young man. Those two men were wearing armor and looked very fiendish. They were the two men in front of that broze war chariot, Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong.

“Never would I expect that the one without eyes that blocked our path earlier would be that Chu Feng.”

Yuwen Tingyi looked to Chu Feng with a gaze filled with contempt.

“Brother Tingyi, do not be rude,” Han Yu shot a glance at Yuwen Tingyi.

Upon sensing Han Yu’s glance, Yuwen Tingyi actually closed his mouth immediately. Merely, the expression of contempt in his eyes remained completely unchanged.

In fact, it was not only Yuwen Tingyi that was looking at Chu Feng with a gaze of contempt. Yuwen Hualong was doing the same.

However, the strongest among the three, Han Yu, was looking at Chu Feng with a very good-natured gaze. In fact, it could even be said that his gaze was filled with admiration.

Seeing Han Yu walking over, both the younger generations and those from older generations immediately moved aside to make way for Han Yu.

As for Han Yu, he soon arrived before Chu Feng. He clasped his fist at Chu Feng and said very courteously, “I am Han Yu. I have heard of brother Chu Feng’s distinguished name for a long time now. I am honored to meet brother Chu Feng in person here today.”

“Brother Han Yu is being too courteous,” Chu Feng also clasped his fist.

Chu Feng only returned the greeting out of politeness, and did not express excessive courtesy.

While that Han Yu was looking at Chu Feng with a gentle gaze as if he were admiring Chu Feng, Chu Feng was able to sense disgust within that Han Yu’s gentle gaze.

That Han Yu did not like Chu Feng at all. Yet, he was putting on a front as if he admired Chu Feng. This meant that he was a hypocrite.

Compared to the open hostility of Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong, a hypocrite like Han Yu would be even more dangerous and despicable.