Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2834 - Unfathomable Mystery

"Father, we’ve succeeded," Chu Feng was wild with joy. He immediately looked to his father.

However, upon doing so, Chu Feng was stunned once again.

He discovered that his father who was originally covered in blood, seriously injured and seemingly about to die actually had a rosy complexion with clothes completely undamaged. Not to mention a trace of blood, there was not even a speck of dust on his clothes.

"Father, what is going on?" Chu Feng was completely puzzled once again. He was unable to understand what had happened.

"Chu Feng, all of this is what you deserve."

Chu Xuanyuan looked to Chu Feng and smiled faintly. After that, his figure began to grow further and further away from Chu Feng, further and further away.

"Father, where are you going? Father?"

Chu Feng tried his best to grab his fleeting father. However, he was unable to grab onto his father at all. He wanted to chase after his father, but was unable to move a single step.

"Father!" Chu Feng shouted.

However, at that moment, Chu Feng suddenly sat up. It was as if he had just woken up from a dream.

Chu Feng discovered that he was not on a mountain at all.

He was actually sitting on a cloud. It was as if he had fallen asleep and ended up having a dream.

That’s right, a dream, it was a dream. It was only at that moment that Chu Feng realized that what he had experienced earlier was merely a dream.

His father was a dream, that monster was a dream, that cultivation increase was also...

"My cultivation, heavens! My cultivation is actually that of a rank five True Immortal?!"

"What is going on? Could it be that what happened earlier was all real, and simply not a dream?"

With incomparable astonishment, Chu Feng stood up. With disbelief in his eyes, he began to examine his body.

He was surprised to discover that his current cultivation was no longer that of a rank four True Immortal. Instead, he was a rank five True Immortal.

Chu Feng was currently clear-headed. He remembered what had happened earlier, and knew where he was. That was the reason why he was confused as to why the breakthrough he had obtained in his dream became reality.

"Chu Feng, what happened to you? Exactly what did you experience?"

Right at that moment, Her Lady Queen’s voice suddenly sounded beside Chu Feng’s ear.

Chu Feng was finally able to hear Her Lady Queen’s voice again.

"Eggy, what did I do earlier?" Chu Feng hurriedly asked.

"What’s with you? I was going to ask you why you started to crazily run about for no reason. Furthermore, as you ran, you were loudly calling out for your father. It was as if you were talking to your father."

"After that, you started to mutter strange words. Once you began, you continued muttering for thirteen days straight."

"After you finished muttering those words, you sat down cross-legged and began to attempt to make a breakthrough. Most importantly, you actually managed to successfully draw forth the Divine Tribulation’s lightning and managed to withstand the tempering of the lightning to successfully make your breakthrough."

"However, during all of that, you were acting as if you could not hear me at all. I have no idea what was happening to you. It was as if you’d been possessed by the devil," Her Lady Queen said.

"Sssss~~~"

At that moment, Chu Feng was unable to contain himself from sucking in a mouthful of cold air.

"Eggy, I had a dream earlier. This dream was extremely strange. I never expected that my body would be reacting and changing in the same manner as I did in my dream."

"Let us verify what we know to determine when I started dreaming."

Chu Feng knew very well that he had entered an illusion earlier. While he had not been conscious at that time, Her Lady Queen had been.

Afterwards, Chu Feng and Her Lady Queen began to verify events with one another. After doing that, Chu Feng realized what had happened.

While proceeding for the Void Sacred Tree, Chu Feng had journeyed together with an old man.

The two of them had encountered the legendary Sacred Tree Illusory Fog emitted by the Void Sacred Tree.

Not only did that Sacred Tree Illusory Fog trap Chu Feng and the old man, but it also started to make Chu Feng hallucinate.

The illusion that Chu Feng saw was his father, that mysterious monster and the mountain filled with strange characters.

Afterwards, under his father’s guidance, Chu Feng managed to make a breakthrough inside the illusion.

This breakthrough was actually real. The reason for that was because even after escaping, Chu Feng could recall those characters he had witnessed within the illusion.

"This is truly unbelievable. That Sacred Tree Illusory Fog is simply not a frightening existence that reaps one’s life, it is simply a great opportunity that one can only encounter, and not seek," Unable to contain himself, Chu Feng started to gasp with admiration. He was feeling extremely happy.

"That’s right, that was truly a great opportunity."

"However, when you entered that illusion, you were unable to hear my words and started to blabber nonsense. This Queen was truly scared for you."

"This Queen even thought that you would really end up being trapped to death by that Sacred Tree Illusory Fog like that old man said," Her Lady Queen said.

During the period of time when Chu Feng was affected by the illusions, Her Lady Queen was truly worried.

However, when Chu Feng successfully broke free and gained profit from disaster, Her Lady Queen became extremely happy.

"Oh, that’s right, where’s that senior?"

Suddenly, Chu Feng recalled that the old man had entered the Sacred Tree Illusory Fog at the same time he did. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chu Feng had woken up now. In that case, where was that old man?

"It seems like he has disappeared for a long time already. Could it be that he has already left?" Her Lady Queen said.

"I don’t know. Let’s hope that he’s alright," Chu Feng said.

After he said those words, Chu Feng soared into the sky and continued to proceed in the direction of the Void Sacred Tree.

Right after Chu Feng left, a figure appeared out of thin air.

It was an old man. That old man had a head full of long gray hair, and a face covered with a gray beard.

Both his hair and his beard were a bit messy. They were not neat at all.

Wasn’t that old man the same old man that was traveling together with Chu Feng earlier, that same old man who told Chu Feng about the Sacred Tree Illusory Fog?

However, compared to before, that old man was completely different.

His cultivation was simply not that of a simple rank five True Immortal. Instead, it was unfathomable and extremely powerful.

Most important was the old man’s gaze. His gaze was very deep. It was as if he had not only experienced countless years, but he also grasped boundless wisdom.

At that moment, the old man had one hand behind his back, and his other hand caressing his beard.

He looked to the direction that Chu Feng had left in and said with a low voice, "I have put that illusion into countless people’s minds before. However, the great majority of them would all choose to flee for their lives by themselves."

"Even though the one that encountered danger in the illusion was their closest kin, they would disregard their closest kin for the sake of self-preservation."

"Never would I expect that after all those people have disappointed me, you’ve actually satisfied me."

"Chu Feng, oh Chu Feng, that is truly what you deserve. It is your filial piety that brought you your breakthrough in cultivation."

After saying those words, the old man revealed a profound smile on his face.

Gradually, his body started to become fuzzy. Then, he disappeared from the vast sky. It was as if he had never been there to begin with.

It was truly an unfathomable mystery.