Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2836 - Reverence And Fear

“What do you mean by that?”

Once that man with a face covered in pockmarks said those words, he was immediately met with gazes of disgust from the other disciples.

However, faced with the gazes of disdain from the crowd, the pockmark-faced man revealed a disdainful gaze of his own.

He had the attitude of ‘everyone else is confused, whereas I’m not.’ He was truly haughty, truly conceited.

“The hell do you all know? I’ve heard news that Chu Feng’s match against Han Yu was extremely difficult.”

“If it wasn’t for the Ancient Era’s Serpent Clan’s Clan Chief and the elders from the Sacred Pellet Villa helping Chu Feng against Han Yu both openly and in secret, it would simply have been impossible for Chu Feng to be able to defeat Han Yu. In the end, he was simply no match for Han Yu.”

“In fact, even when Chu Feng crippled Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong’s cultivations, he had to go through a bitter struggle in order to do so. Chu Feng was merely slightly superior to them,” That pockmarked man said.

Hearing what the pockmarked man said, Chu Feng nearly burst out in laughter.

His fellow disciples had praised Chu Feng to the skies. Chu Feng had thought that that disciple would speak with reliability, but never would Chu Feng expect that this disciple, while not praising Chu Feng, would bellittle Chu Feng to a state of being good at nothing.

Even Chu Feng himself had no idea that he had actually fought such a difficult battle against Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong.

“You’re spouting nonsense!”

Although Chu Feng did not say anything after hearing what the pockmark-faced man said, his fellow disciples were all dissatisfied with him.

This was especially true for the female disciples. With how serious they looked, they were simply certain that the pockmarked man was lying.

“Humph, it doesn’t matter if you believe me or not. However, what I’ve said are all facts. Furthermore, I also have the latest news. That Chu Feng simply does not possess any enormous power behind him. He is merely trash from an Ordinary Realm.”

“Furthermore, I’ve heard that after Chu Feng left the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain, the Yuwen City’s City Master personally set off to kill him. Although Chu Feng managed to escape by luck, he was unable to do anything to the Yuwen City’s City Master.

“That served to prove what I’ve said earlier; that Chu Feng... is being overly exaggerated by you all. He is simply nowhere near as powerful as he is rumored to be. He also does not possess a frightening background," The pockmark-faced man said.

"You are truly great at spouting nonsense. We don’t believe you."

"That’s right, we don’t believe you at all."

"Eldest martial brother, you possess the most accurate information. Go and say something to him. How could he slander Chu Feng like this?"

The words spoken by the pockmark-faced man were immediately met with a massive backlash. His fellow disciples, both males and females, were all furious at him. They began to surround a man with a tall and straight stature, seemingly wanting him to uphold justice for them. As for that man, he was the person they were addressing as ’eldest martial brother.’

They seemed to trust their eldest martial brother a lot. Thus, they all wanted their eldest martial brother to speak and determine who was right and who was wrong.

"I will not make an evaluation regarding the matter of Chu Feng battling Han Yu at the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain."

"However, what junior brother Cui Meng said about the Yuwen City’s City Master setting out to kill Chu Feng is a fact. The reason for that is because a friend of mine is the Young Camp Master of a Yuwen City subsidiary power. I just so happened to run into him on the way here. He mentioned this matter to me."

"I trust his character very much. He is never one to spread rumors or lies. He has always been upright and honest with me. Thus, I am certain about this matter."

"The Yuwen City’s City Master indeed set off to kill Chu Feng. However, Chu Feng also managed to escape."

"Furthermore, according to my friend, when Chu Feng left the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain, the people from the Sacred Pellet Villa were traveling together with Chu Feng. Thus, it was not only Chu Feng that the Yuwen City’s City Master attempted to kill, but those people from the Sacred Pellet Villa were also implicated."

"Logically, with the Yuwen City’s City Master acting personally, Chu Feng and the others, with the strength that they possessed, would not have been able to escape. However, they all survived the encounter."

"As for how Chu Feng and the others escaped, that is something that only the Yuwen City’s upper echelons know about. My friend had no clue as to how they escaped."

"However, my friend knew that after Chu Feng and the people from the Sacred Pellet Villa escaped, Chu Feng and the Sacred Pellet Villa gathered a large force to proceed toward Yuwen City for revenge."

"However, Yuwen City used a total of a hundred Immortal Armaments to reconcile with the Sacred Pellet Villa."

"After the Sacred Pellet Villa accepted the settlement, Chu Feng had no choice but to leave."

"This would serve to verify that there is truth to what junior brother Cui Meng said."

"Chu Feng most likely does not possess a powerful backer behind him. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to seek the strength of the Sacred Pellet Villa in order to obtain his own revenge."

"Because of that, Yuwen City even gathered all of their nearby subsdiary powers to their Yuwen City for a grand celebration ceremony," The man known as the eldest martial brother began to narrate to the crowd in detail.

"Ah? It’s actually real?"

"Never would I imagine that so many things occurred between Chu Feng and the Yuwen City after leaving the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain."

"However, with how powerful Chu Feng is, how could it be possible that he doesn’t have a powerful backer behind him?"

Upon hearing what their eldest martial brother said, the expressions of the disciples that admired Chu Feng immediately changed. It was as if they’d received an enormous shock.

The reason for that was because they trusted their eldest senior brother a lot.

At the moment when the disciples were all feeling gloomy, that pockmark-faced disciple was immensely pleased with himself.

"Didn’t I say it? How could I deceive you all? That Chu Feng is simply nowhere as dreadful as he is rumored to be. The way I see it, it might even be possible that Chu Feng was only able to defeat Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong with someone helping him. It would simply be impossible for him to defeat them himself," The pockmark-faced man said.

Right at that moment, that eldest martial brother added, "Junior brother Cui Meng, however, I’ve heard another piece of information from that friend of mine."

"That is, on the day of the grand ceremony, Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong’s corpses suddenly appeared in the sky above the plaza. Not only had the two of them been killed through decapitation, but it was none other than Chu Feng that killed them."

"Chu Feng killed Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong?!!"

Hearing those words, all of the disciples present, including that pockmark-faced man, revealed stunned expressions.

"Not only has Chu Feng killed Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong, but Chu Feng even left behind a provocative message declaring that he would have the Yuwen City’s City Master Yuwen Yanhong suffer the same fate as Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong soon," That eldest martial brother continued to add.

"Heavens! That is simply too heaven-defying! Eldest martial brother, are you serious?"

Upon hearing what their eldest martial brother said, the disciples that were feeling gloomy were immediately filled with endless excitement.

"While I am unable to be a hundred percent certain of other things, I am a hundred percent certain of this. What I’ve said is completely true. After all, that is something that my friend had personally witnessed."

"Furthermore, according to him, even the people from Yuwen City had no idea exactly how Chu Feng killed Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong. They also had no idea how he was able to transfer their corpses into the sky above the plaza."

"According to the people from Yuwen City, there were peak Heavenly Immortal-level experts guarding the sleeping chambers of Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong. Yet, they had no idea how Chu Feng even managed to infiltrate their sleeping chambers."

"That sufficiently reveals how extraordinary Chu Feng’s abilities are," That eldest martial brother said.

"Eldest martial brother, is your information reliable? Why do I feel that it’s a baseless claim?" At that moment, that pockmark-faced man started to frown. He had a displeased expression on his face.

In fact, he even began to question the reliability of the words of his eldest martial brother.

"Junior brother Cui Meng, what I’ve said is the truth. Soon, it will spread through the entire Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. At that time, we will know whether or not my information is reliable."

After saying those words, that eldest martial brother turned to the pockmark-faced man and added, "Thus, junior brother, even if Chu Feng does not possess a powerful backer, his own strength is absolutely not to be looked down upon."

"That’s right, Chu Feng himself is already this powerful, why would he need others to support him?"

"Wow, eldest martial brother, your friend is simply too amazing. He actually transmitted such important news to you. I now feel even greater admiration for Chu Feng."

At that moment, the disciples, both male and female, were all extremely excited. They were reacting as if Chu Feng was their relative. They were all feeling proud after Chu Feng did something astonishing. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

As for that pockmark-faced man, he had an extremely displeased expression all over his face.

"Chu Feng is truly not as amazing as you all have thought him to be," Right at that moment, a voice was suddenly heard.

It was actually Chu Feng who said those things.

"Who are you? You dare to speak of Chu Feng in such a manner?"

Once Chu Feng said those words, he was immediately met with gazes of displeasure from the disciples.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng was still disguised as an old man. Thus, those disciples had no idea that the old man before them was actually Chu Feng himself.

Perhaps because they didn’t know that it was Chu Feng, they were looking at Chu Feng with even more hostility in their eyes than when they were looking at that pockmark-faced man.

"What I’ve said is most definitely the truth. Chu Feng is not as amazing as you all are thinking him to be," Chu Feng said with a smile on his face.

"You should scram. What you’ve said is most definitely the truth? What makes you qualified to declare that? Who the hell do you think you are?"

"That’s right, even our eldest martial brother does not dare to say that he’s certain of everything, yet you’ve dared to say that you’re absolutely certain. Did you think that you’re Chu Feng?"

The next moment, these disciples started to mock and ridicule Chu Feng.

Chu Feng felt extremely speechless because they were mocking and ridiculing him like this in order to stand up for him.

Thus, even though they were mocking and ridiculing him, Chu Feng was unable to feel any displeasure toward them.

Right at that moment, a voice was suddenly heard, "Little friend Chu Feng, what a coincidence for you to also be here."

Turning toward the voice, Chu Feng’s expression immediately changed. A slightly surprised expression emerged in his eyes.

As for those disciples, their reactions were even more exaggerated. They had been completely dumbfounded. Complicated expressions emerged in their eyes.

They were feeling incomparable reverence and fear from the bottoms of their hearts.