Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2838 - Ill-intended Arrival

Following Elder Xingyi, Chu Feng arrived at the hidden location in the sky.

Although Chu Feng knew that there was an isolated space before him, Chu Feng was still unable to detect it.

The way he saw it, there was just empty space before him with nothing there.

However, Chu Feng was able to faintly sense multiple powerful auras that were capable of exterminating him instantly in his vicinity.

This meant that Elder Xingyi was not the only Martial Immortal-level expert in the area.

Merely, all those Martial Immortal-level experts were hidden. With Chu Feng’s strength, it was simply impossible for him to see them.

Chu Feng had no idea who those Martial Immortal level experts were. However, he was able to guess their identity. He felt that they were most likely related to the members of the younger generation inside that isolated space.

After all, since the Starfall Holy Land had dispatched the Starfall Eight Immortals to protect Xia Yun’er, the other powers would naturally also dispatch their experts to protect their top geniuses.

The experts that Chu Feng was able to faintly sense should be experts from the Dao Imperial Palace, Paradise Valley and the Ghost Sect Hall.

Their missions should be to secretly protect the geniuses Jian Wuqing, Ren Xiaoyao and Ghosteye Boy.

"Buzz~~~"

Right at that moment, Elder Xingyi extended his finger and swiped it across the empty space before him. As light flashed, a spirit formation gate actually appeared before Chu Feng.

That spirit formation gate was not very large. Furthermore, it was currently open. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Little friend Chu Feng, please enter," Elder Xingyi said to Chu Feng.

It would appear that he did not plan to enter.

"Thank you, senior, for your troubles," Chu Feng clasped his fist at Elder Xingyi. Then, he stepped into the spirit formation gate.

Once he passed through the spirit formation gate, the scene before Chu Feng immediately changed.

Before him was a cave. However, not only was that cave very spacious, it was also decorated with great style.

The seats, tables, lamps and even the trays that held refreshments were all meticulously chosen. Furthermore, they were all extraordinary items; they were all capable of being considered treasures.

That said, what caught Chu Feng’s gaze the most were most definitely not the decorations within the cave. Rather, it was the people within the isolated space.

Apart from Chu Feng, there were currently twenty-nine people inside the cave.

All twenty-nine people were people of the younger generation. Furthermore, they were all True Immortal-level martial cultivators.

Even the weakest among them was a rank three True Immortal.

Among the twenty-nine individuals, five of them caught Chu Feng’s attention.

The first person would naturally be Xia Yun’er. She was still as beautiful as ever.

Even though all of the women present were little beauties themselves, Xia Yun’er was most definitely the most beautiful one amongst all of them. In fact, her beauty greatly surpassed that of all the other women there.

Regardless of whether it might be her appearance or her demeanour, they both far surpassed that of the other women.

It was no wonder she would be deemed one of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s Three Great Beauties. She was most definitely qualified for that title.

Apart from Xia Yun’er, there were four other people that caught Chu Feng’s attention. They were all men.

The first one not only possessed a handsome appearance, but he also emitted an extraordinary air. He was very imposing.

For someone like him, even without looking at his cultivation, merely his outward appearance would cause others to think of him as a dragon among men. His outward appearance would cause many women to hold a favorable impression of him, and even be completely charmed by him.

As for that man, not only was he wearing the outfit of the Starfall Holy Land, but he was also emitting the aura of a rank eight True Immortal. His cultivation was an entire level above Chu Lingxi.

Amongst the disciples of the Starfall Holy Land present, he was the strongest.

Even without others introducing him, Chu Feng knew that he should be the third ranked on the Demon-level Geniuses List, the Starfall Holy Land’s Holy Son, Song Yunfei.

The third person that caught Chu Feng’s attention was also a man. He had a very cold expression on his face, causing him to give off a sensation of distancing people to a thousand miles away. That said, Chu Feng was able to tell that even though that man was a proud individual, he was definitely not someone that would look down on others.

On the contrary, that man emitted a very righteous air. Chu Feng personally felt that he should be someone who was not fond of speaking, but would always act straightforward and uprightly.

The title plate on his waist revealed his identity. He was from the Dao Imperial Palace.

He should be the disciple from the Dao Imperial Palace, the fourth ranked on the Demon-level Geniuses List, Jian Wuqing.

As for that Jian Wuqiang, he was truly qualified to be the fourth ranked on the Demon-level Geniuses List. Although his aura was a level weaker than Song Yunfei’s, it was the same as Chu Lingxi’s. He was a rank seven True Immortal.

As for the final two individuals that caught Chu Feng’s attention, they were respectively the Paradise Valley’s Ren Xiaoyao and the Ghost Sect Hall’s Ghosteye Boy.

Different from Jian Wuqiang and the air of righteousness that he emitted, Ren Xiaoyao was emitting great nefariousness. He gave off the sensation that he was not only perverted, but also extremely licentious.

Furthermore, that Ren Xiaoyao suffered from the same problem that the great majority of geniuses did. That is, he was extremely proud, arrogant and looked down upon those with cultivations weaker than his own... that were males.

Even though he only took a single glance at Chu Feng, Chu Feng was able to tell from his gaze that he truly felt contempt for Chu Feng.

As for the Ghosteye Boy, a strip of cloth covered his eyes. That cloth appeared to be very ordinary. However, it was actually very special. Not only did the cloth completely cover his eyes, but it should also possess some sort of special function. Although the cloth appeared unremarkable, it should be a treasure.

As for Ghosteye Boy, he was, just like the cloth covering his eyes, extremely ordinary. However, Chu Feng knew that he was most definitely not a simple person.

As for the cultivations of Ren Xiaoyao and Ghosteye Boy, they were both rank six True Immortals, just like Han Yu.

However, Chu Feng felt that the two of them were both more dangerous than Han Yu.

That said, when Chu Feng saw the two of them, the first thing he thought of was Chu Lingxi.

Chu Lingxi was ranked ninth in the previous Heavenly Beloved Martial Competition.

However, her current cultivation was already that of a rank seven True Immortal. She was stronger than both Ren Xiaoyao and Ghosteye Boy.

From this, it could be seen how amazing that Chu Lingxi was. Likely, her rank in the upcoming Heavenly Beloved Martial Competition would rise a lot.

"Young Master Chu Feng, I truly never expected us to meet again so quickly."

At the moment when Chu Feng was observing the crowd, they were also observing Chu Feng. That said, it was actually Xia Yun’er who spoke to Chu Feng first.

Xia Yun’er still had that charming smile on her face. That being said, compared to last time, she was no longer as enthusiastic and cordial toward Chu Feng.

This was not what Chu Feng had anticipated. He had thought that she would once again attempt to get close to Chu Feng so as to agitate others and increase their hostility toward him.

However, not only did she not do that, but she was actually exercising much more restraint than that time in the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain. She gave off a cordial yet just normally cordial sensation.

That said, the more Xia Yun’er acted in such a manner, the more uneasy Chu Feng felt. He truly had no idea what that girl was planning.

Afterwards, Xia Yun’er began to introduce Chu Feng to the crowd one by one.

With that, Chu Feng came to know who everyone was.

Apart from those from the Starfall Holy Land, the Dao Imperial Palace, Paradise Valley and the Ghost Sect Hall, there were also people from other powers among the crowd.

That being said, there was one common aspect to all of them. That is, they were all geniuses among the younger generation that were somewhat famous in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

After the introduction given by Xia Yun’er, after obtaining an initial familiarity with one another, Ren Xiaoyao walked over to Chu Feng. Like a longtime close friend, Ren Xiaoyao grabbed Chu Feng’s shoulder and pointed to the table afar.

He said, "Brother Chu Feng has come at the perfect time. We were playing a game. Brother Chu Feng, you should join us too."

After hearing Ren Xiaoyao saying those words, Chu Feng began to carefully inspect the items on the table.

There were four bamboo pipe-like items. Those four items should be of the same sort. They were all treasures possessing some sort of special ability.

Through the auras emitted by the four items, Chu Feng felt that they should be used for some sort of entertainment.

Furthermore, Chu Feng noticed that there were imprints of the Paradise Valley on those treasures. This meant that they were most likely from Paradise Valley.

If they were treasures from Paradise Valley, it would mean that Ren Xiaoyao should be an expert in them.

With Ren Xiaoyao being an expert with those treasures already, the fact that he had asked Chu Feng to participate in the game with him meant that he was approaching Chu Feng with ill intentions.

"Woosh~~~"

Suddenly, that Ren Xiaoyao not only released his hand that was on Chu Feng’s shoulder, but he even pushed Chu Feng aside. Furthermore, he was staring at Chu Feng with a displeased expression.

"What is this? Brother Chu Feng, could it be that you’re not planning to give me, Ren Xiaoyao, face?"

"I have heard that you’re an expert at games. I’ve heard that you were playing chess in the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain, and defeated not only Yuwen Tingyi and Yuwen Hualong, but even Han Yu."

"Why then are you refusing to play a game with me when I am the one to invite you? You are simply not giving me, Ren Xiaoyao, face, no?"

Chu Feng had merely observed the table, and had yet to say anything. However, that Ren Xiaoyao had declared that Chu Feng had refused his invitation and was not giving him face.

At that moment, Chu Feng smiled. He had guessed correctly.

Sure enough, that Ren Xiaoyao had approached him with ill intentions.