Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2856 - You’d End Up Suffering

“Chu Feng, I, Han Yu, will not give you the opportunity to turn things around this time.”

As Han Yu spoke, he took out his Incomplete Immortal Armament and held it in his hand.

Even though he had lost to Chu Feng previously, Han Yu was filled with confidence this time around. It was as if he was absolutely certain that he would be able to defeat Chu Feng.

"Han Yu, you’ve said it incorrectly," Chu Feng said.

"What? What do you mean by that?"

Han Yu was confused. It seemed that he had no idea what Chu Feng was talking about.

"I said that you’ve said it incorrectly. After all, the one that was defeated last time was you, not me. Thus, how could I have turned things around?"

"Even if someone is to turn things around, it would be you, Han Yu and not me, Chu Feng."

"Of course, I can also return to you what you’ve said earlier."

"I will not give you the opportunity to turn things around," Chu Feng said to Han Yu with a beaming smile on his face. He had a very relaxed expression. Yet, his expression was also extremely disdainful. He’d simply never placed Han Yu in his eyes at all.

Hearing what Chu Feng said, Han Yu grew so furious that his complexion turned green. His lifelong reputation had been ruined by Chu Feng at the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain.

Yet, Chu Feng actually dared to make mention of that matter again. Furthermore, it was done before all these people. This caused Han Yu to feel incomparable rage.

"Chu Feng, at the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain last time, had it not been for the Ancient Era’s Serpent Clan’s Clan Chief secretly helping you, how could you possibly defeat me?"

"This time around, inside this Duel Space, there is no one that can interfere in our confrontation."

"Without anyone to help you, you are nothing more than trash! Only death awaits you!" Han Yu was pointing at Chu Feng and shouting loudly.

"What? So Chu Feng was only able to defeat Han Yu at the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain because the Ancient Era’s Serpent Clan’s Clan Chief was secretly helping him?"

Once Han Yu said those words, the people present that did not know the truth of what had happened all began to wildly discuss the matter.

However, Chu Feng’s expression remained unchanged.

In an extremely calm manner, he said, "Do you know why I dare to enter this Duel Space?"

"It’s precisely because I, Chu Feng, relied on my own ability to defeat you the last time."

"Thus, I, Chu Feng, do not fear you, Han Yu."

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng clasped his palms. The next moment, dark green gaseous flames appeared on his body.

"This sensation, could it be an Immortal Technique?"

Han Yu’s expression changed. He was surprised.

When Han Yu fought Chu Feng at the Spirit Formation Immortal Domain last time, Chu Feng had not used an Immortal Technique the entire time.

Yet now, Chu Feng unleashed an Immortal Technique from the very start. Because of this, Han Yu felt that Chu Feng must’ve just learned the Immortal Technique.

"Immortal Technique, is it? Very well, I’ll play with you."

Han Yu was unwilling to back down against Chu Feng. He began to form hand seals with both hands. Immediately, his body started to change. Cyan gaseous flames soon emerged from his body.

"Han Yu’s Immortal Technique is so powerful!"

The moment Han Yu unleashed his Immortal Technique, the great majority of people began to focus their gazes on Him.

The reason for that was because Han Yu’s Immortal Technique was stronger than Chu Feng’s when judging only by its outward appearance.

"What our Young City Master had used is the strongest rank one Immortal Technique, the Cyan Rays Sword Formation."

Right at that moment, an old man wearing black clothes and carrying an enormous sword on his back walked out from the crowd.

"It’s the Swordking City’s Utmost Exalted Elder, Lord Qing Peng!"

Upon seeing the old man, many people revealed expressions of reverence.

The reason for that was because not only was the old man one of the Swordking City’s Utmost Exalted Elders, but he was also a Martial Immortal-level expert.

He was someone who had slaughtered countless powerful enemies using that enormous Immortal Armament sword on his back.

Moreover, he was more than twenty thousand years old. Because of that, that old man by the name of Qing Peng was also extremely famous throughout the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

That said, the Starfall Eight Immortals were not at all surprised by the appearance of that Qing Peng.

With their level of cultivation, they had long since discovered Qing Peng. They also knew that Qing Peng had most likely come to protect Han Yu.

That said, it remained that what Qing Peng said had shaken the crowd.

After all, everyone knew that the rank one Immortal Technique Cyan Rays Sword Formation was Han Yu’s trump card. In the last Heavenly Beloved Martial Competition, Han Yu had used precisely that Immortal Technique to defeat his opponent and obtain a ranking on the Demon-level Geniuses List.

Furthermore, amongst rank one Immortal Techniques, the Cyan Rays Sword Formation’s strength was indeed rarely seen.

Thus, Qing Peng was not spouting nonsense.

At that moment, practically everyone’s gazes were on Han Yu. They all wished to personally witness the power of the Cyan Rays Sword Formation.

Only Xia Yun’er continued to focus her beautiful eyes on Chu Feng the entire time.

"The Immortal Technique young master Chu Feng has unleashed seems to be somewhat special," Xia Yun’er said.

"Ah?"

Xia Yun’er’s influence was truly not to be looked down upon. Hearing what she said, the crowd all turned their gazes toward Chu Feng.

Upon closer inspection, they discovered that the dark green gaseous flames emitted by Chu Feng were becoming more and more intense. It was like a soon-to-erupt volcano. An extremely strong power was currently brewing.

Under such conditions, the crowd were all looking forward to Chu Feng’s Immortal Technique. They all wanted to see exactly what sort of technique Chu Feng would unleash.

"Puuu~~~"

Suddenly, a muffled sound was emitted from the dark green gaseous flames that surrounded Chu Feng’s body. Soon, the dark green gaseous flames started to dissipate from Chu Feng’s body.

At that moment, many people revealed expressions of disappointment.

They all knew very well that this could only mean one thing.

That is, Chu Feng had failed to unleash his Immortal Technique.

"Haha, what the hell was that? Was that an Immortal Technique, or a fart?"

"This Chu Feng is simply too funny. He actually dared to attempt to use an Immortal Technique he hasn’t mastered. Isn’t this simply making a disgrace out of himself?"

The geniuses disciples from the Starfall Holy Land all burst into mocking laughter.

They all knew that Chu Feng had deliberately humiliated Song Yunfei earlier. Thus, they immediately seized the opportunity to insult Chu Feng.

"And here I thought you possessed some sort of new technique. But it turns out that you’ve come to make people laugh," Han Yu also started to laugh mockingly. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

At that moment, the light behind his back had reached its peak. He had finished casting his Immortal Technique.

Because of that, he was qualified to laugh at Chu Feng, who had failed to unleash his Immortal Technique successfully.

"If you are to look down upon my Immortal Technique, you’ll end up suffering," Chu Feng said.

"You failed to master your Immortal Technique, yet you dare to boast still? Today, I, Han Yu, will have you know what an actual Immortal Technique is!"

As Han Yu spoke, he pointed his palm at Chu Feng.

"Woosh, woosh, woosh~~~"

The next moment, sword rays began to flicker all over the sky. Like meteors, they began to fly toward Chu Feng.

"Buzz~~~"

However, before Han Yu’s Immortal Technique could reach Chu Feng, it began to slow down. In fact, even its aura decreased ten-fold.

Such a Cyan Rays Sword Formation was no longer capable of threatening Chu Feng. Thus, Chu Feng did not attempt to dodge the Cyan Rays Sword Formation at all. He stood there and watched as the Cyan Rays Sword Formation collided with his Ancient Era’s War Sword and Ancient Era’s War Axe.

Sure enough, as the strength of the Cyan Rays Sword Formation had decreased, Chu Feng was completely unscathed.

"How could this be?!"

Han Yu revealed a puzzled expression. Last time when he fought against Chu Feng, even though the Cyan Rays Sword Formation was also blocked by Chu Feng, Chu Feng had sustained great damage in the process.

How could Chu Feng be completely unscathed this time around?

"Wuu~~~"

Right at that moment, Han Yu felt his knees go soft, his head dizzy and his ears buzzing. In fact, even his vision became fuzzy.

Soon, he felt his stomach turning. He felt unbearably nauseous.

"Puu~~~"

Finally, Han Yu was unable to endure it anymore. He opened his mouth and started to vomit.

However, what he was vomiting was simply not the contents of his stomach. Rather, it was blood. He was vomiting mouthfuls of blood nonstop. Furthermore, the color of his blood was also very strange. Not only was there a green substance contained within the blood, but the blood was also emitting a strange gas.

At that moment, someone shouted, "Han Yu, what’s wrong?!"

Hearing the shout, Han Yu came to a realization. With a thought, a mirror appeared before him.

Through the mirror, Han Yu saw how he looked. It was only then that he realized that his eyes had grown dim and his skin was turning dark green. It was a truly frightening sight.

"Heavens! That color, why does it resemble the color of the Immortal Technique Chu Feng used earlier?!"

"Could it be that the Immortal Technique Chu Feng used was a rarely-seen poisonous Immortal Technique?!"

"But, even if it’s a poisonous Immortal Technique, that’s too powerful, no?! Even Han Yu did not detect it at all!"

The crowd was extremely astonished. It was only at that moment that they realized Chu Feng’s Immortal Technique did not fail. Rather, it had concealed itself.

It was only at that moment that the crowd realized that they had underestimated Chu Feng earlier.

Chu Feng was actually even more cunning and dangerous than they had imagined him to be.

At that moment, Chu Feng looked to Han Yu and spoke with a beaming smile on his face, "Didn’t I say that you’d suffer should you underestimate my Immortal Technique? How was it, I didn’t lie to you, did I?"

"You!"

Han Yu was feeling extremely furious. However, his knees grew so weak that he actually kneeled in midair, and mouthfuls of blood began to spray out of his mouth nonstop, whilst he grew weaker and weaker.