Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2866 - Successful Transaction

As Elder Xingyi spoke, he took out a case. After the case was opened, a red blade was revealed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Furthermore, three words were written on the case: Deepblood Immortal Edge.

That was an Immortal Armament. Although it was not a top quality Immortal Armament, its quality was much superior to Chu Feng’s Darkstone Dagger.

“Little friend Chu Feng, this Immortal Armament is merely a show of good faith. It is most definitely not the entirety of the rewards.”

“If there is anything that you want, go ahead and tell us. As long as it is not something too excessive, we will definitely satisfy you,” Elder Xingyi said.

“Since that’s the case, I will be blunt then. I need materials for weaponry refinement, materials that could allow one to refine Incomplete Immortal Armaments. I need sufficient materials to refine ten Incomplete Immortal Armaments. Oh, that’s right, they must be top quality materials.”

“Furthermore, I need materials enough to refine a single Immortal Armament. The quality of the material does not have to be top quality. However, they cannot be too poor quality either.”

Chu Feng did not try to act polite. After all, this was a transaction. There was no need for Chu Feng to be polite in this sort of situation.

Furthermore, as Xia Yun’er was requesting his assistance, this meant that even Elder Xingyi’s earlier action of helping him might be out of their own selfish motives.

“No problem. Apart from those, does little friend Chu Feng have any other requests?” Elder Xingyi asked.

“I will go and participate in the Ghost Sect Hall’s auction in a month’s time. That is something that I cannot afford to miss.”

Before Chu Feng could finish, Elder Xingyi interrupted, “The timing definitely will not conflict with one another.”

“Furthermore, I hope that Elder Xingyi can protect me on my journey to the Ghost Sect Hall,” Chu Feng said with a smile.

“You sure have a lot of demands,” With a smile on her face, Xia Yun’er cast a side eye at Chu Feng.

However, her smile revealed that they were able to accept all of Chu Feng’s conditions.

“Nothing I can do about it. It’s a rare opportunity that someone is requesting my assistance. As such, I have no choice but to put forth a great amount of demands. After all, I’m so poor, and have a lot of troubles in hand,” Chu Feng shrugged with his hands open.

“You have provoked those troubles yourself. You can’t blame anyone for that.”

“Actually, even if Han Yu were acting excessively, there was no need for you to go to such extremes. You could have very well settled this matter with them after you matured in the future,” Xia Yun’er said.

“One is only alive once. If one is to endure everything, one’s life would become extremely sullen. That is not my principle of living. If I am to live so sullenly, it is better that I die,” Chu Feng said.

“Little friend Chu Feng is truly courageous. Since ancient times, all those that are capable of accomplishing great things have been like that ,” Elder Xingyi praised.

“In that case, senior, are those conditions of mine fine with you?” Chu Feng asked.

“It is naturally not an issue. At that time, this old man will personally escort little friend Chu Feng to the Ghost Sect Hall. I will guarantee that no one will dare to cause trouble for you,” Elder Xingyi said.

“I will trouble senior then,” Chu Feng clasped his fist at Elder Xingyi.

“It is merely my duty.”

“Little friend Chu Feng, please accept this Immortal Armament first. As for the materials for weaponry refinement, I will order people to prepare them for you immediately. I will definitely meet the entirety of your requests before entering the Inheritance Cave,” Elder Xingyi said.

“In that case, when are we proceeding for the Inheritance Cave?” Chu Feng asked.

“We are on our way there right now. We will soon arrive. It will definitely not interfere with your participation in the Ghost Sect Hall’s auction,” Xia Yun’er said.

“Oh, that’s right. Is Song Yunfei going?” Chu Feng asked.

“Due to the fact that only Dragon Mark Immortal-cloak World Spiritists from the younger generation are able to enter the Inheritance Cave, Song Yunfei will not be going,” Xia Yun’er said.

“In that case, it would mean that only his cultivation is strong, and his world spirit techniques are actually a bit lacking,” Chu Feng said.

“I guess so,” After Xia Yun’er finished saying those words, she turned to Chu Feng with a beaming smile. She asked, “Why are you asking about him? Could it be that you’re afraid of him?”

“Afraid, of course I’m afraid. His cultivation is much stronger than mine. I am no match for him,” Chu Feng replied with a smile on his face.

“You’re quite honest. However, I feel that you do not fear him,” Xia Yun’er said.

“Why do you say that? What makes you think that?” Chu Feng asked curiously.

“You weren’t even afraid of Qing Peng, how could you possibly fear Song Yunfei? That being said, how are you so confident when facing Qing Peng?” Xia Yun’er asked.

“That’s because I knew that you had a request for me, and would not let him kill me,” Chu Feng said.

“Tsk~” Xia Yun’er curled her lips and glared at Chu Feng, “If you don’t want to tell me, then so be it. I won’t force you.”

Chu Feng would naturally not tell Xia Yun’er that he possessed an extremely powerful Demon Armament.

Thus, Chu Feng merely smiled and did not bother to continue to linger on this topic.

“Girl, I have a question for you,” Che Feng said.

“What is it?” Xia Yun’er asked.

“You deliberately used that game, that Everchanging Mystery Realm, to test me, right?” Chu Feng asked.

Chu Feng felt that it was most likely a test. If Chu Feng was unable to obtain first place, Xia Yun’er would likely not have asked for his help.

“Since you’ve already guessed it, why bother asking? Regardless, you are qualified,” Xia Yun’er said with a beaming smile. That smile of hers was very sweet. If other men were to see such a smile from her, they would definitely be completely captivated by her, and would be extremely willing to offer their all to her.

However, Chu Feng remained very calm. After all, he knew how dangerous a woman like Xia Yun’er was.

The reason why she was acting friendly with him this time around was because she needed his assistance. However, next time around, she might try to kill him.

After all, Chu Feng had witnessed what he shouldn’t have.

Meanwhile, as Chu Feng was journeying to the Flat Mount Ravine, what he had done at the Void Sacred Tree was being spread far and wide.

During the journey between the Void Sacred Tree and the Ghost Sect Hall, several figures were moving rapidly through the sky.

Their speed was extremely fast. Those below the Martial Immortal level of cultivation would simply not be able to see or detect them. Even if they were to pass beside them, one would not notice them at all.

They were the people from the Ghost Sect Hall. Old Man Gui Chou was standing at the forefront of the group. He was leading the people from the Ghost Sect Hall with his cultivation. Ghosteye Boy was traveling beside him.

“Master, is that Chu Feng really that important? So important that you’re willing to break off your relationship with Song Yunfei?”

“That Song Yunfei is someone who holds deep grudges, and you have publicly humiliated him. In the future, should he become the Starfall Holy Land’s Holy Ruler, he will definitely become hostile toward our Ghost Sect Hall.”

Ghosteye Boy, who had always been quiet was actually asking questions. It turned out that Old Man Gui Chou was actually his master.