Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2879 - Something Major

At that moment, Chu Feng and the others in the Inheritance Cave also noticed the spirit formation.

"Never would I have expected that it would actually successfully activate. Your grandfather possesses quite the ability."

Seeing that the spirit formation to observe them was actually activated, even Liangqiu Hongyue cast a gaze of admiration toward Asura Zhao Kun.

Even though Grandmaster Liangqiu’s two disciples were both wearing masks, the people present were all able to clearly sense the gaze emitted by Liangqiu Hongyue.

After all, they were all Dragon Mark Immortal-cloak World Spiritists. Thus, observation and judgment of this level was something that they all possessed.

As for Asura Zhao Kun, he was immediately extremely pleased with himself upon sensing the astonished gaze from Liangqiu Hongyue.

He said, "Miss Hongyue, Miss Lanyue, since the two of you are Grandmaster Liangqiu’s disciples, you might not be familiar with my grandfather. That is the reason why you all didn’t believe that he was capable of accomplishing this earlier."

"However, my grandfather is actually extremely renowned in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. He is the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s strongest world spiritist."

Hearing those words, that Liangqiu Hongyue’s eyebrows rose slightly. She said, "Is that so? In that case, why is it that I’ve heard that the strongest world spiritist in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm is that Chu Heavenly Clan’s Utmost Exalted Elder, Chu Lingaoran?"

"This..."

Asura Zhao Kun was placed in an awkward situation.

It was not only him. Even his grandfather outside of the Inheritance Cave revealed an awkward expression.

While it was true that Zhao Kuangfengyi’s world spirit techniques were very powerful in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, it could only be said that he was the strongest world spiritist in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm apart from Chu Lingaoran.

However, when compared to Chu Liangaoran, he was indeed much weaker.

Back when he was youthful and wild, Zhao Kuangfengyi had sparred against Chu Lingaoran. In the end, he suffered a crushing defeat.

After that, Zhao Kuangfengyi put forth enormous effort. However, all along, he had not been able to surpass Chu Lingaoran.

It could be said that Chu Lingaoran had been suppressing Zhao Kuangfengyi since their youth. Furthermore, it was not only in terms of world spirit techniques; it was also the case in terms of martial cultivation.

Even the person that he had fallen for ended up falling in love with Chu Lingaoran, and ultimately ended up together with him.

Because of that, Chu Lingaoran was Zhao Kuangfengyi’s eternal source of pain.

This was something that was known to everyone in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. In fact, there were also some people from the Ancestral Martial Starfield who knew about this.

Holding an exaggerated opinion of one’s own abilities, Asura Zhao Kun had bragged that his grandfather was the number one world spiritist in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. As a result, he ended up being publicly slapped down by Liangqiu Hongyue. This not only caused him to feel extremely humiliated, but this also embarrassed his grandfather.

Seemingly wanting to dispel this awkward situation, Elder Tuoba pointed to the front of the spirit formation and said, "Cough, cough. Everyone, look, that should be the Inheritance Activation Formation, right?"

At that moment, the crowd all shifted their gazes.

The Inheritance Activation Formation was one of the most important spirit formations in the Inheritance Cave.

That spirit formation controlled the number of Inheritance Sites. Because of that, the elders all felt extremely expectant upon seeing that spirit formation. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

After all, Chu Feng and the others would all be entering the Inheritance Activation Formation. Their talent would determine the quantity of Inheritance Sites.

For Chu Feng and the others, it would naturally be better should there be more Inheritance Sites.

"It really is the Inheritance Activation Formation. I wonder how many Inheritance Sites will be activated this time around."

"The highest record was five Inheritance Sites. Today, with Grandmaster Liangqiu’s two disciples present, it might be possible that they will surpass the record from before," an elder from the Starfall Holy Land said.

"It is not a might, but rather definite. Not to mention Grandmaster Liangqiu’s two disciples, that Chu Feng is also an extraordinary individual. With their talent, they will definitely surpass the previous record," another elder from the Starfall Holy Land said.

"That’s not for certain."

At the moment when the Stafall Holy Land’s elders were filled with confidence, an elder from the Nine Profound Sect splashed them with cold water.

"Don’t forget who it was that set the previous record. Of those five people from our Nine Profound Sect back then, one of them succeeded our Nine Profound Sect’s Sectmaster, whereas the remaining four all hold great authority in our Nine Profound Sect."

"The five of them are the greatest military strength of our Nine Profound Sect right now. It was precisely the five of them that brought our Nine Profound Sect to an unprecedented height."

"Furthermore, in the Inheritance Cave that time around, the five of them also obtained excellent accomplishments."

"I believe your Starfall Holy Land knows about that matter very well, no?" That Nine Profound Sect’s silver-haired old man said as he looked to the Starfall Holy Land’s elders.

Hearing those words, the expressions of the Starfall Holy Land’s elders changed. This was especially true for Elder Tuoba; his expression could be said to be extremely complicated.

It was as that Nine Profound Sect’s silver-haired elder had said, the five people of the younger generation that the Nine Profound Sect dispatched back then were indeed extremely exceptional.

Not mentioning the accomplishments that they’d achieved at present, they were already dragons among men in their youth. All five of them were demon-level geniuses.

During the time when they entered the Inheritance Cave, it was the same as this time around where both the Nine Profound Sect and the Starfall Holy Land had dispatched five individuals each.

The only difference was that the five people of the younger generations dispatched by either the Starfall Holy Land or the Nine Profound Sect were all their own disciples. Neither of them had requested the assistance of others.

Even for the Starfall Holy Land, it was an era where they possessed a lot of powerful members of the younger generation.

The reason for that was because not only were the five individuals dispatched by the Nine Profound Sect grand characters in their Nine Profound Sect now, but the five individuals dispatched by the Starfall Holy Land had also attained extraordinary accomplishments.

One of them became their Starfall Holy Land’s current Holy Ruler. As for the other four, they had all become their Starfall Holy Land’s Utmost Exalted Elders.

Furthermore, both their Holy Ruler and those four Utmost Exalted Elders were actually people of the same generation as Elder Tuoba.

Elder Tuoba was also a renowned genius at the time. He was also a Dragon Mark Immortal-cloak World Spiritist.

However, even though Elder Tuoba was powerful, he was not qualified to enter the Inheritance Cave. The reason for that was purely because those five individuals were stronger than him.

That said, even though the Starfall Holy Land had dispatched five such extraordinary individuals from the younger generation, they had been completely disgraced that year.

Although they managed to break the record that year and activate five Inheritance Sites, the Starfall Holy Land did not manage to open a single Inheritance Site.

All five of them were opened by the Nine Profound Sect.

The Nine Profound Sect returned in glory, whereas the Starfall Holy Land returned in defeat.

That occasion had completely stimulated those five individuals from the Starfall Holy Land. From that point on, the five of them all stopped their pursuit of world spirit techniques.

Even Elder Tuoba stopped his pursuit of world spirit techniques and wholeheartedly focused on martial cultivation because of that.

However, to their helplessness, even though they wholeheartedly focused on martial cultivation, their strength was still inferior to the five from the Nine Profound Sect.

The crushing defeat that they suffered that time could be said to be an eternal pain for the Starfall Holy Land. Today, that matter was brought forth again by the Nine Profound Sect’s silver-haired old man. Naturally, the people from the Starfall Holy Land would reveal displeased expressions.

“In that case, that record will truly be difficult to break.”

In the end, Elder Tuoba spoke to break the silence. After all, if they tried to avoid things, it would make them appear narrow-minded. However, the smile on his face was extremely forced.

Right at that moment, Zhao Kuangfengyi said, “Everyone, there’s no need to guess anymore, the outcome will soon reveal itself. Let us wait and see.”

Once he said those words, everyone turned their gazes toward the spirit formation. It was only at that moment that they realized that Chu Feng and the others had all entered the Inheritance Activation Formation while they were chatting.

The Inheritance Activation Formation was already active. The space not far ahead was trembling and light was emerging.

Soon, an item appeared from the light. It was a gate. However, that was no ordinary gate.

That gate was completely black in color. In the center of the gate was a wheel filled with runes and symbols that was emitting a faint blue light.

That was the Inheritance Site.

After the first Inheritance Site appeared, the second, third and fourth Inheritance Sites appeared in quick succession.

Even after the fourth Inheritance Site appeared, there was no sign of the process ending.

The reason for that was because the space behind the fourth Inheritance Site was still flickering with light.

It was showing the sign of an Inheritance Site’s appearance.

“Could it be that five Inheritance Sites will appear?”

The elders outside the Inheritance Cave were all unable to take their eyes off the spirit formation. Their expressions were extremely serious.

If a fifth Inheritance Site was to appear, it would mean that they’d managed to tie the record established by the current Nine Profound Sect’s Sectmaster and the current Starfall Holy Land’s Holy Ruler.

That was something major that would shock both the Starfall Holy Land and the Nine Profound Sect!!!