Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2885 - The Awakening Of The Heaven’s Eyes

Suddenly, Liangqiu Hongyue said to Liangqiu Lanyue, "Big sister, you don’t have to do anything for the third Inheritance Site."

Once she said those words, the people present all became puzzled.

Only Liangqiu Lanyue understood what Liangqiu Honyue meant.

Seemingly wanting everyone to understand her intentions, Liangqiu Honyue immediately added, "Following this, I wish to spar against Chu Feng alone. Like this, no one can say that we sisters won through any type of unfair advantage."

"So that’s the case," After hearing what Liangqiu Hongyue said, the crowd came to a sudden realization.

Indeed, Liangqiu Hongyue and her sister Liangqiu Lanyue had jointly set up a spirit formation. This would be equivalent to two fighting against one.

Strictly speaking, this would indeed be unfair to Chu Feng.

"Actually, that doesn’t matter."

"What matters the most for these Inheritance Sites is deciphering the method to solve and unlock it. The person who manages to see through the Inheritance Sites first will be the person who’ll win. As for setting up spirit formations, they will not affect anything," Chu Feng said.

"No, I insist on contending against you by myself. I want to defeat you using my own ability," Liangqiu Hongyue said.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng smiled. This girl was truly stubborn.

However, Chu Feng had to admit that the Liangqiu sisters really were very powerful.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng knew very well that the second Inheritance Site was not solved by the Liangqiu sisters first because he was deliberately yielding to them. Instead, the Liangqiu sisters truly managed to see through the second Inheritance Site a bit faster than him.

Even though Chu Feng was indeed at a disadvantage since he was alone against the two of them, Chu Feng still had to admit their strength.

"Chu Feng, can we begin now?" Liangqiu Hongyue asked Chu Feng.

"Are you not planning to send your world spirits in to train first?" Chu Feng asked.

The second Inheritance Site had been unlocked. It was a place for world spirits to train. Thus, one should send one’s world spirits in to train first.

After all, their final purpose in traveling to the Inheritance Cave was to gain benefits, and not purely to compete.

"That’s true. Miss Liangqiu, you can send your world spirits in first and then continue with your sparring against Chu Feng after."

At that moment, the disciples from the Nine Profound Sect also spoke out.

"I don’t need that. It would do for you all to send your own world spirits in to train," Liangqiu Hongyue said.

"This..."

Hearing those words, the three Nine Profound Sect disciples were somewhat startled.

They clearly agreed that the Liangqiu sisters could enjoy the benefits of the Inheritance Cave together with them.

Thus, when the Liangqiu sisters had yet to release their world spirits, the disciples from the Nine Profound Sect also did not release their world spirits. They were waiting for the Liangqiu sisters.

"We really do not need it," Liangqiu Lanyue added.

Seeing this, the Nine Profound Sect disciples stopped their hesitations. They began to release their world spirits and send them into the second Inheritance Site.

“Chu Feng, can we begin now?” Liangqiu Hongyue urged Chu Feng again.

It could be seen that she was very urgent to prove herself.

“Let’s begin,” Chu Feng had also arrived before the third Inheritance Site.

Seeing this, Liangqiu Hongyue once again unleashed her observation technique. She began to carefully examine the spinning wheel at the center of the third Inheritance Site.

As for Chu Feng, he also unleashed his Heaven’s Eyes and began examining the spinning wheel at practically the same time as Liangqiu Hongyue.

Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes specialized in detecting such things. Thus, it was easy for him to decipher the spinning wheel.

Chu Feng managed to make headway very smoothly.

“Buzz~~~”

Right at that moment, dazzling lights emerged from before Liangqiu Hongyue.

Liangqiu Hongyue was actually already setting up her spirit formation.

Chu Feng knew that Liangqiu Hongyue had discovered the method to unlock the third Inheritance Site. However, Chu Feng did not give up with just this. Instead, he continued to earnestly examine the spinning wheel.

Soon, Chu Feng also discovered the method to unlock the third Inheritance site, and immediately started setting up his unsealing formation.

However, like the time with the second Inheritance Site, Liangqiu Hongyue managed to finish setting up her unsealing formation first, and was already attempting to unlock the third Inheritance Site before Chu Feng could finish setting up his own unsealing formation.

By the time Chu Feng finished setting up his unsealing formation, the third Inheritance Site had been unlocked by Liangqiu Hongyue.

“This girl is truly quite powerful.”

At that moment, even Her Lady Queen was unable to contain herself from praising Liangqiu Hongyue.

The gaze with which Chu Feng looked to Liangqiu Hongyue had also changed somewhat.

Earlier, the two Liangqiu sisters were observing together and then setting up their spirit formation together. It was pardonable for Chu Feng to have lost.

However, Chu Feng’s opponent was now only Liangqiu Hongyue.

When ignoring the speed of their observation, and counting merely the speed at which they were able to set up their spirit formations, Chu Feng should be a bit faster than her.

However, in reality, that was not the case. Even though Liangqiu Hongyue was setting up her spirit formation by herself, her speed was still faster than Chu Feng.

This could only mean one thing. That is, Liangqiu Hongyue had not gone all-out when she was deciphering the second Inheritance Site.

She was able to defeat Chu Feng even without going all-out. This was sufficient to prove how frightening of an existence she was.

“It would appear that I, Chu Feng, have truly encountered my rival today.”

Even though Chu Feng still appeared very calm, an enormous wave was already surging in his heart. He was not calm at all.

This was the first time that Chu Feng, as a world spiritist, had encountered a powerful rival among people of his generation.

However, Chu Feng was not angry. Instead, he became very excited. It was as if there was an invisible flame burning violently within him.

Although Chu Feng had been defeated, Liangqiu Hongyue had managed to successfully incite Chu Feng’s fighting spirit.

Never had Chu Feng ever wanted to win in terms of world spirit techniques as much as he did at that moment.

Thus, even though he was defeated twice in a row, Chu Feng was not discouraged. He was still planning to continue on with the match. He was determined to win against this girl.

“Miss Liangqiu, are you not planning to enter the third Inheritance Site either?” Chu Feng asked.

The reason Chu Feng asked that was because he noticed that Liangqiu Hongyue seemed to not be planning to enter the third Inheritance Site.

“The outcome of our match is still undecided. It would not be too late to enter the Inheritance Sites after all of them are unlocked,” Liangqiu Hongyue said.

“If that’s the case, Miss Liangqiu, you can continue to spar against Chu Feng. We will wait for you. When you two have finished your sparring session, we will enter the Inheritance Sites together with you,” The Nine Profound Sect disciples said.

“That will do,” Liangqiu Hongyue nodded. Then, she looked to Chu Feng.

This time around, Chu Feng said, “Let us continue then,” before Liangqiu Hongyue said anything.

Earlier, it was Liangqiu Hongyue who was impatient to prove herself. However, it had now become Chu Feng who was impatient to prove himself.

After that, Chu Feng and Liangqiu Hongyue arrived before the fourth Inheritance Site together.

The result this time around ended up being the same as before.

Even though the speed at which the two of them managed to set up their spirit formations was practically identical, Chu Feng was slower than Liangqiu Hongyue in deciphering the spinning wheel.

Liangqiu Hongyue defeated Chu Feng once again.

Adding the time when the Liangqiu sisters were working together, Liangqiu Hongyue had defeated Chu Feng three times in succession.

“Chu Feng, are you still planning to continue?”

The gaze with which Liangqiu Hongyue looked to Chu Feng had completely changed.

Not only was she emitting arrogance and conceit in her eyes, but there was also a trace of contempt.

After successfully defeating Chu Feng three times in a row, she was practically certain that Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques were inferior to her own.

“Chu Feng, let’s just forget about it. This Grandmaster Liangqiu’s disciple is truly exceptional.”

“The observation method that she has grasped seems to surpass your Heaven’s Eyes,” At that moment, even Her Lady Queen, who had always been strong-willed, was unable to keep herself from advising Chu Feng against continuing. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, Chu Feng merely smiled and said, “Eggy, I am not trying to act tough here. However, if I am to give up here, even if I am willing to do that, my Heaven’s Eyes would not be willing.”

“Chu Feng, you mean to say... could it be that a change has occurred to your Heaven’s Eyes?” Her Lady Queen was very smart. She had managed to tell the implied meaning behind Chu Feng’s words.

Chu Feng did not beat around the bush.

Honestly, he replied, “I am able to tell that my Heaven’s Eyes are about to awaken.”