Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2893 - Weaponry Reconstruction Technique

In fact, it was not only that Starfall Holy Land’s male disciple who felt the killing intent. All of the people of the younger generation present felt Eggy’s killing intent.

At that moment, they were all sweating coldly.

They finally realized that it was not only Chu Feng who was tyrannical. His world spirit was even more tyrannical than him.

Thus, no one dared to say another word. After all, none of them wanted to invite trouble upon themselves.

It was not that they were cowards. Rather, this world spirit from the Asura Spirit World had brought upon them a sense of danger that they’d never felt before.

On top of that, the Asura Spirit World was a legend in itself. Thus, they were feeling fear toward Her Lady Queen from the bottom of their hearts.

......

After that Starfall Holy Land’s male disciple grew silent, Her Lady Queen did not continue to look further into this matter. It was not that Her Lady Queen was feeling charitable. Rather, she simply wasn’t in the mood to bother with this sort of thing.

At this moment, Her Lady Queen was standing at the entrance of the ninth Inheritance Site. She was motionlessly staring at the entrance that had disappeared.

If one were to look at Her Lady Queen’s face head-on, they would discover that beautiful pair of eyes not only contained worry, but there were also glistening teardrops.

That being said, was Chu Feng really dead?

No, Chu Feng was naturally still alive.

Chu Feng’s choice was the correct one.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng was not trapped within dangers.

Instead, he had entered a palace.

Not only was this palace decorated very elegantly, but it was also filled with treasures.

Dazzling treasures filled Chu Feng’s view. There were all sorts of treasures here. Like a small mountain, they piled up at the center of the palace.

There were even a hundred precious Immortal Armaments here. Furthermore, all of them were of extraordinary quality.

They were all top quality Immortal Armaments, and definitely not something that ordinary Immortal Armaments could compare to. Before these Immortal Armaments, not to mention that Immortal Armament Chu Feng obtained from the Immortal Armament Villa, practically all of the Immortal Armaments the Immortal Armament Villa possessed paled in comparison to them.

Top quality, these were truly top quality Immortal Armaments.

Although there were only a hundred such Immortal Armaments, their value greatly surpassed the thousand-plus Immortal Armaments within the Immortal Armament Villa.

This was especially true for a certain green bow among the pile of Immortal Armaments. That green bow was simply the best Immortal Armament Chu Feng had ever seen.

Not even the Immortal Armament Villa possessed an Immortal Armament that could match up to the quality of that bow.

Even among the pile of top quality Immortal Armaments, that bow was manifestly superior. It was simply akin to a king among Immortal Armaments.

However, the thing that caught Chu Feng’s eyes the most right now was actually a tombstone located deep within the palace. The three words on the tombstone deeply caught Chu feng’s attention.

They were: ‘Exalted Archer’s Tomb.’ Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Actually, Chu Feng had long since suspected this place to be Exalted Archer’s remnants. After all, the place indicated by the map Chu Feng had obtained was precisely this place.

Furthermore, the map Chu Feng had obtained also came to be of use when he was deciphering the Life Gate.

When Chu Feng discovered that this place was truly Exalted Archer’s Tomb, Chu Feng felt very excited.

Who was Exalted Archer? He was a greatly renowned existence in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

As for this so-called Legacy Inheritance, it was actually Exalted Archer’s inheritance. If word of this matter were to spread, the entire Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm would be astonished.

However, Chu Feng did not immediately leave. It was not that Chu Feng was enticed by the treasures here, and wanted to hog all of the inheritance for himself.

Rather, after Chu Feng entered this place, he was surprised to discover that the spirit formation gate that he entered this place with had disappeared.

In other words, Chu Feng was trapped here. Even if he wanted to leave, he would not be able to find an exit.

In fact, Chu Feng was unable to even contact Her Lady Queen.

At this moment, Chu Feng could be said to be completely isolated. He was trapped here all alone.

However, Chu Feng did not panic because of this. Since this was the place of inheritance, it would definitely not kill him. He felt that there was definitely another way out.

Chu Feng was absolutely certain of that.

“Buzz~~~”

Right at this moment, the palace trembled slightly. Then, a figure appeared out of thin air. That figure resembled a spirit body.

He was an old man that emitted an extraordinary immortal-like air.

Even without any introduction, Chu Feng knew that this person was most likely the legendary Exalted Archer.

Merely, this was not the actual Exalted Archer. Rather, it should be a spirit formation left behind by Exalted Archer before his death.

As Chu Feng had anticipated, after that figure appeared, he started speaking.

"Since you’ve arrived, that means that you are qualified to obtain this old man’s inheritance. In addition to that, everything here also belongs to you."

Exalted Archer pointed his hand toward the tombstone. After being pointed at by him, that tombstone actually started to shine brightly. The light was bubbling out like a fountain. After the light dissipated, a stone case appeared.

"Inside this stone case is the most precious possession this old man has acquired in my lifetime. My inheritance is also within it."

"However, whether or not you might be able to obtain it will depend on you."

After he finished saying those words, Exalted Archer’s body started to dissipate.

"Thank you, senior, for your guidance."

Even though Chu Feng knew that was merely an image left behind by a spirit formation, Chu Feng still bowed to it respectfully.

After Chu Feng finished bowing, he arrived before that stone case. Chu Feng was able to tell with a single glance that the stone case was composed of a spirit formation.

Thus, that stone case was very special. Although it was not very large, one could only open the stone case or bring it away should one possess absolute power, or be capable of unsealing it.

As for Chu Feng, he naturally did not possess that sort of absolute power. Thus, if he wanted to obtain the treasures inside that stone case, there was only one possible method: he would have to unseal the stone case.

Furthermore, after observation, Chu Feng discovered that as long as he was able to unseal the stone case, he would likely be able to open the exit to this place as well. Otherwise, he would be trapped here forever.

"Senior, oh senior, you’re making things too difficult, no?"

"If I’m unable to unseal this stone case, I will be trapped here til I die. Even if I obtain those treasures of yours, what use would they serve me?"

Chu Feng was unable to contain himself from complaining. However, he immediately started observing that stone case.

There was no other option. After all, Chu Feng did not wish to be trapped here till he died.

After six hours of effort, Chu Feng finally managed to decipher the stone case.

After the stone case was unsealed, runes and symbols began to flicker. The next moment, the stone case started to slowly open.

After the stone case was opened, a ray of light soared out of the stone case and straight up toward the sky.

It turned out that that ray of light was actually a series of words. On the first row were three large words: Weaponry Reconstruction Technique!!!

The following words introduced the use of the Weaponry Reconstruction Technique.

It turned out that this Weaponry Reconstruction Technique was an ability that deliberately disassembled weapons and then reformed them anew.

After going through this technique, weapons would become refined to a certain degree, and a world spiritist’s world spirit power would also strengthen to a certain degree.

Logically, this was a rare treasure. It was also no wonder Exalted Archer would call it his most important inheritance and seal it inside the stone case.

That being said, this Weaponry Reconstruction Technique was most definitely not as simple as being an ability to refine one’s weapons and strengthen one’s world spirit power.

Chu Feng was shocked to discover that after disassembling a weapon, he would be able to use the All Equilibrium Weaponry Refinement Chart at the same time as the Weaponry Reconstruction Technique.