Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2922 - Buying Scrap Metal With High Price

"Reportedly, the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet was a Divine Artifact that a grand character in the Ancient Era used to cultivate elite subordinates."

"The Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet was capable of nurturing a lot of cultivation experts in a short period of time," Xia Yun’er said.

"If it really possesses such an effect, that treasure is likely of extraordinary value," Chu Feng said.

"That’s definitely the case. After all, it is a Divine Artifact," Xia Yun’er said.

At that moment, Chu Feng was both excited and puzzled.

He was excited because the first treasure was already so exceptional, it was actually a Divine Artifact from the Ancient Era.

As for being puzzled, Chu Feng was puzzled as to why the Ghost Sect Hall’s Hall Master did not mention to him that be such a precious treasure would be present in the auction.

"Lord Gui Chou, please broaden our horizons with that Divine Artifact."

"That’s right, let us see exactly what an Ancient Era’s Divine Artifact looks like."

Soon, such shouts were heard from the auction hall.

"Everyone, don’t be so anxious. I will allow you all to see the Ancient Era’s Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet right now."

Old Man Gui Chou waved his sleeve, and the red cloth that covered the first tray flew off.

At that moment, the item on the tray was finally revealed.

It was indeed a bracelet. Merely, that bracelet was extremely different from what the crowd was expecting.

Not only did it not emit any light, but it could even be said to be nothing more than a block of scrap metal.

That’s right, it was a block of scrap metal covered with rusty spots.

"What? That is the Divine Artifact? Even if they’re trying to scam people, they shouldn’t be doing it like this, no?"

When the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet was revealed, hissing sounds of displeasure were immediately heard. Even Elder Xingyi and the others began to shake their heads repeatedly. They had smiles on their faces; it was as if they were looking at a joke.

Indeed, the bracelet looked like a useless piece of scrap metal regardless of whether one looked at it with one’s naked eye or through observation methods. There was nothing special regarding it at all.

However, compared to the others, Chu Feng’s eyes started to shine with a different sort of light.

He was using his Heaven’s Eyes. Although the bracelet still looked like a piece of scrap metal without anything special to it even beneath his Heaven’s Eyes, Chu Feng felt a sort of sensation when examining the bracelet with his Heaven’s Eyes.

That sensation was telling Chu Feng that that bracelet was an extraordinary item.

When Chu Feng deactivated his Heaven’s Eyes, he no longer felt that sensation from the bracelet. In other words, while his Heaven’s Eyes were unable to detect what was special regarding that bracelet, they were informing Chu Feng that the bracelet was an extraordinary item.

"The starting bid for this Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet is ten thousand Immortal Martial Stones. There is no maximum bid. If any friends are interested, you can start bidding on it now," Old Man Gui Chou said.

"Forget about it, that’s nothing more than a piece of scrap metal. Ten thousand Immortal Martial Stones for that? Even if it’s only a single Immortal Martial Stone, I wouldn’t want it."

"That’s right, this is simply a scam. Quickly, take out the next item. Simply no one will purchase it. Next!"

At that moment, complaints rose all around. The crowd all felt that they were being deceived. None of them were willing to bid.

"Everyone, our Ghost Sect Hall will never engage in deceit. This Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet is something that someone trusted us to auction. With the identity of that person, he would most likely not deceive everyone."

"Furthermore, the treasures of the world are not all detectable with one’s naked eyes. This is especially true in regards to the treasures from the Ancient Era. Ten thousand Immortal Martial Stones is not expensive at all. Everyone, why don’t you all purchase it and examine it properly? Perhaps it might really be a Divine Artifact," Old Man Gui Chou said.

"Lord Gui Chou, you should forget about it. Stop trying to sway us. Even you said ’might.’ That means that even you are not certain if it really is a Divine Artifact."

"Lord Gui Chou, you should just put it away. No one will attempt to bid on that. After all, that is nothing more than a piece of scrap metal."

The crowd began to urge Old Man Gui Chou to show the next item.

With the situation being like this, Old Man Gui Chou felt somewhat awkward. He seemed to really plan to put the bracelet away.

"Twenty thousand Immortal Martial Stones."

Right at that moment, a voice was suddenly heard.

"Holy! Am I mishearing things? Someone is actually really bidding on this scrap metal? Furthermore, they’re bidding twenty thousand Immortal Martial Stones even?"

"Who is it? Who is the person with more money than sense?"

Once that voice was heard, many people in the auction looked to the summit of the auction hall.

Unfortunately, they were only able the hear the sound, and were unable to see who that person was at all.

The reason for that was because the person that had made the bid was Chu Feng. The people below were simply unable to see the location where Chu Feng and the others were.

However, they knew that the people that were capable of being at the summit were all people from prestigious houses. Furthermore, judging from how youthful that voice sounded, the people below were certain that the person that had spoken was a young master of some colossal power.

Thus, at that moment, only a single thought came to the minds of the crowd: ’a prodigal has appeared.’

Only Chu Feng knew that twenty thousand Immortal Martial Stones was an extremely cheap price for that bracelet.

Even if it wasn’t a treasure, Chu Feng felt that just because it was capable of making his Heaven’s Eyes feel like that, it would be worth twenty thousand Immortal Martial Stones.

"Thirty thousand Immortal Martial Stones," right at that moment, another voice was heard. It was Jinshi Bo.

Chu Feng took a glance at Jinshi Bo, and discovered that Jinshi Bo was currently looking at him with a provocative expression.

Seeing that expression, Chu Feng actually felt relieved.

Chu Feng knew that Jinshi Bo simply had not discovered the uniqueness of the bracelet. He simply did not want Chu Feng to win his bid smoothly. As such, he was just deliberately making trouble for Chu Feng.

"A hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones," Chu Feng said.

"What? A hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones? What utter madness! That is nothing more than a piece of scrap metal!" The crowd below became even more astonished.

At that moment, Jinshi Bo’s expression also turned slightly ugly. He had not expected Chu Feng to be so ruthless as to directly increase the bid to a hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones.

Truth be told, he was slightly undaring to continue bidding. If he were to place a higher bid and Chu Feng stopped bidding, wouldn’t it mean that he would have to purchase that piece of scrap metal at a high price?

However, when he recalled the ten million Immortal Martial Stones Chu Feng had won from him, Jinshi Bo felt extremely displeased.

Thus, he bidded again, "A hundred and ten thousand Immortal Martial Stones."

"Two hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones," however, right after Jinshi Bo increased his bid, Chu Feng bid again.

At that moment, Jinshi Bo no longer dared to continue bidding. The reason for that was because Jinshi Bo had noticed that Chu Feng had an extremely confident expression on his face. Jinshi Bo had no idea what Chu Feng was thinking.

He began to feel that since the scrap metal that Chu Feng had originally bid twenty thousand Immortal Martial Stones for had increased to two hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones, a price ten times its original price, it was already sufficient. As such, he decided to stop bidding.

"Two hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones? Are you certain?" Old Man Gui Chou asked. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

While others might not be able to tell that the person that had spoken was Chu Feng, he was able to tell that it was Chu Feng that was bidding.

Truth be told, Old Man Gui Chou felt that the bracelet was not worth two hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones. Thus, he was asking this question because he did not want Chu Feng to spend too much money.

"I’m certain," Chu Feng answered without the slightest hesitation.

Not to mention two hundred thousand Immortal Martial Stones, even if it was two million Immortal Martial Stones, Chu Feng would still not hesitate in the slightest.