Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2937 - Shameless Demand

The power of the crimson fog did not decrease in the slightest.

However, Chu Feng was completely unaffected as he flew through it.

At that moment, Chu Feng had arrived before the Illusory Blood Lotus.

As Chu Feng saw the Blackflame Ghost Sword close up, his heart was fluctuating nonstop.

The Blackflame Ghost Sword was truly well-crafted. It was completely qualified to have its reputation as the King of Immortal Armaments.

However, the reason why Chu Feng’s heart was fluctuating was most definitely not only because of that.

What Chu Feng experienced in the crimson fog’s illusion formation was something that only he knew.

Inside that illusion, an old man was testing him. It was that trial from the old man that brought him intolerable torment and pain.

Although Chu Feng was unable to see that old man’s appearance, Chu Feng was able to tell that the old man was very powerful.

If he had to describe that old man, then he would not describe him as human. Rather, he would be an existence close to becoming a god.

That enormously powerful sensation Chu Feng felt from that old man was something he had never felt from anyone else before.

It was as if that old man was the strongest existence in the world of martial cultivators.

However, that enormously powerful old man also gave Chu Feng a very amiable feeling.

That sort of amiable feeling was something that Chu Feng had rarely felt before. It was purely the feeling from one’s kin.

Because of that, Chu Feng felt that the old man he saw in the illusion was most likely his grandfather, Chu Hanxian.

Although it was an illusion, although everything in the illusion was false, was it really all a coincidence?

As Chu Feng pondered in his heart, he extended his hand to grab the Blackflame Ghost Sword.

"This sensation?"

At the moment when Chu Feng grabbed the Blackflame Ghost Sword, his heart tightened. He was first pleasantly surprised. Then, he felt extremely confused.

He discovered that it was not only the Blackflame Ghost Sword that he held in his hand at that moment. There was also another item.

That item had been concealed through some sort of special method. Thus, it could not be seen by the onlookers. Even Chu Feng was unable to see it even though it he was so close to it. Only by holding it in his hand did he feel it there.

It was the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram!!!

But... wasn’t the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram purchased through the auction by a mysterious individual?

Why would it appear in the Illusory Blood Lotus?

It would appear that that mysterious individual was definitely related to the Illusory Blood Lotus.

But... wasn’t it said that the Illusory Blood Lotus was something that no one could control?

Or could it be that the Illusory Blood Clan truly existed?

Could the mysterious individual that purchased the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram be someone from the legendary Illusory Blood Clan?

At that moment, Chu Feng felt as if there were thousands of enormous waves raging in his heart. He was unable to calm down for a long time.

"Chu Feng, what’s wrong?" Suddenly, Her Lady Queen’s concerned voice was heard.

Her Lady Queen shared Chu Feng’s vision and hearing. However, she did not share Chu Feng’s sense of touch.

Her Lady Queen had no idea Chu Feng was not only holding the Blackflame Ghost Sword in his hand, but also holding the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram.

After being questioned by Her Lady Queen, Chu Feng told her everything.

"There’s actually such a thing? Are you certain what’s in your hand right now is the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram?" After hearing what Chu Feng said, even Her Lady Queen felt disbelief.

"There’s no mistaking it. I’m certain that I’m holding the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram right now," Chu Feng said.

"In that case, do you think that Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram to be real?" Her Lady Queen asked again.

"I can’t be certain. However, based on this feeling, I think it’s real," Chu Feng said.

"Exactly what sort of relationship does that mysterious fellow have with this Illusory Blood Lotus? He couldn’t possibly be your grandfather, right?" Her Lady Queen said.

"I don’t think that’s the case," Chu Feng said.

"Why do you think that? Didn’t you say that you felt that the old man you saw in the illusion was your grandfather?"

"As for that Blackflame Ghost Sword, it is the sword that your grandfather personally forged and used for a long time. Furthermore, the Illusory Blood Lotus had disappeared for so long only to suddenly appear today."

"Do you really think all of this is a coincidence?" Her Lady Queen asked.

"I don’t feel that’s the case," while Chu Feng firmly believed that the mysterious individual was not his grandfather, he also felt that all of this was probably not a coincidence.

After all, how could there be such an enormous coincidence in this world?

"Why is Young Hero Chu Feng motionless right now?"

"Could it be some sort of problem has occurred?"

"That shouldn’t be the case, no? Wasn’t it said that one will be safe as long as they wake from the illusion?"

At the moment when Chu Feng and Her Lady Queen were pondering things, the spectators outside started to worry for Chu Feng.

They had no idea that Chu Feng was talking with Her Lady Queen, and also didn’t know that Chu Feng was holding the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram in his hand right now.

All they saw was that Chu Feng grew motionless after holding the Blackflame Ghost Sword.

With the situation being like that, the crowd subconsciously felt that Chu Feng might’ve encountered some sort of danger.

"Woosh~~~"

Right at that moment, Chu Feng raised the Blackflame Ghost Sword.

Witnessing this scene, the crowd heaved a sigh of relief. This meant that Chu Feng was fine, that he had succeeded.

"Young Hero Chu Feng, great job!!!"

At that moment, cheers began to sound again. Not only were the people from the younger generation extremely excited, but even the experts of the older generation were unable to contain their excitement.

Chu Feng’s action’s truly came as a pleasant surprise to them. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Originally, some among them thought that Chu Feng was a coward. However, they now realized that Chu Feng was truly a courageous individual.

While praising Chu Feng for his success in passing through the crimson fog and obtaining the Blackflame Ghost Blade, the crowd would also look to the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generation from time to time.

Their existence served to as a contrast to Chu Feng’s courage.

Right at that moment, a member of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations asked, "Chu Feng, what do you plan to do with that Blackflame Ghost Blade?"

"What do I plan to do with it?" Chu Feng smiled lightly, and then said, "If you want to purchase it, I’m afraid that I’ll have to disappoint you. This Blackflame Ghost Sword is truly decent. I plan to keep it for my own use and not sell it."

"Impudent!"

Once Chu Feng said those words, many of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations revealed fierce expressions.

"Impudent? How am I impudent?" Chu Feng pretended to be confused.

"You clearly know that Blackflame Ghost Sword is our Chu Heavenly Clan’s treasure, yet you’re not promptly handing it over to us! Exactly what is your motive?!" Chu Huanyu asked with a stern voice.

After that, many others of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generation began to criticize Chu Feng.

Of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations present, only Chu Ruoshi and Chu Lingxi didn’t say anything. Everyone else was pointing at Chu Feng and denouncing him.

"Haha," faced with the criticisms from the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations, Chu Feng burst into loud laughter. He then said, "So you all are now remembering that it’s a treasure of your clan? How come I heard someone saying that this clan-protection treasure might be fake? Furthermore, didn’t someone say that even if it was real, one should not risk one’s life to retrieve it?"

Once Chu Feng said those words, he immediately gained the acknowledgement of the surrounding crowd.

After all, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations had indeed not dared to enter the crimson fog earlier, and even found justifications for their cowardice.

However, they immediately started demanding that Chu Feng hand over the Blackflame Ghost Sword after he obtained it.

This sort of behavior was truly shameless.