Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2939 - Chu Xuanyuan’s Son

The sudden thunderous voice shocked everyone present.

When that voice rang out, not only did heaven and earth start to tremble violently, but it also caused the crowd’s ears to buzz nonstop.

When that voice rang out, the crowd felt an extremely powerful aura.

That aura was that of an Exalted-level expert.

Another Exalted had arrived!!!

When the crowd turned their eyes toward the direction of the voice, the astonishment on their faces grew even more intense.

It was not a single person that arrived. Instead, it was a group of people.

This group of people were currently walking over through the air.

That group was much smaller than the group from the Goldenstone Royal Clan. However, they were many times more imposing than the Goldenstone Royal Clan. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Not mentioning the fact that everyone in the group was extremely powerful, merely their outfits were sufficient to cause everyone to tremble in their hearts.

Their outfits served as a special implication to everyone in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

They were the most terrifying existence in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

They were the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Law Enforcement Hall.

They were people from the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Law Enforcement Hall.

Not only were the brothers Chu Xingtian, Chu Xingdi and Chu Xingren, the top experts from the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Law Enforcement Hall, present, but even the Law Enforcement Hall’s Vice Hall Master Chu Xuanzhengfa was among them.

The Exalted-level aura was emitted by none other than Chu Xuanzhengfa.

“Heavens! Why would the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Law Enforcement Hall appear here?!”

“Not only are the Law Enforcement Hall’s three trump cards all here, but even the Vice Hall Master Chu Xuanzhengfa came too?!”

When Chu Xuanzhengfa arrived with the elites of the Law Enforcement Hall, the crowd all felt extremely astonished.

The Law Enforcement Hall generally did not show themselves. However, whenever they did, someone would definitely end up suffering.

And now, the Law Enforcement Hall had even dispatched all of their elites. With this, the people that they had come to handle would be unable to escape a calamity.

It was precisely because the Law Enforcement Hall was so famous that, at that moment, even the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief and that maverick Yuwen Huazang, who not even the Starfall Holy Land was unwilling to offend, were frowning.

The arrogance that the two of them revealed earlier had been quietly and completely suppressed.

In fact, they did not even dare to utter another word.

"Goldenstone Royal Clan, what nerve you all have to come to our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm to cause trouble!"

"Men! Arrest them!" Chu Xuanzhengfa said while looking at the Goldenstone Royal Clan.

"Yes, Milord."

Right after he said those words, his men that were following behind him all simultaneously disappeared.

When they reappeared, they had completely surrounded the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s army. Even though they were fewer than the Goldenstone Royal Clan, they were much more imposing.

At that moment, even the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief turned ashen. He hurriedly explained, "Zhengfa, I think this is a misunderstanding."

He, who was as arrogant as a god before, was actually speaking with a slightly submissive tone.

With the situation being like this, the people from the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm all began to admire how powerful Chu Xuanzhengfa was in their hearts.

Even the overlord of an Upper Realm would have no choice but to lower himself and display a submissive attitude before him.

"Misunderstanding?" Chu Xuanzhengfa laughed coldly, He said, "You’ve brought your Goldenstone Royal Clan’s army to our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm with the desire to kill someone from our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. And you’re telling me it’s a misunderstanding?"

"Misunderstanding, it really is a misunderstanding. If I had known that Chu Feng to be someone protected by your Chu Heavenly Clan, I would never have dared to touch him," the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"In that case, do you know now?" Chu Xuanzhengfa asked.

"I do, I know now," the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"Then you should know what to do now, no?" Chu Xuanzhengfa asked.

"I do, I do," the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief nodded repeatedly. Then, he said to Chu Feng, "Little friend Chu Feng, I did not know about your relationship with the Chu Heavenly Clan before. I hope that you, as a person of great moral stature, will forgive the offenses committed by this one of low moral stature."

The overlord of an Upper Realm, the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief, was actually apologizing to Chu Feng, a person of the younger generation.

Seeing this, some people of the younger generation felt extremely baffled.

Although Chu Xuanzhengfa was extremely powerful, both he and the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief should both be rank one Exalted. However, in terms of their status, the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief was the overlord of an Upper Realm. Why would he be afraid of Chu Xuanzhengfa?

At this moment when those people of the younger generation were confused, Chu Xuanzhengfa did something even more unfathomable.

Chu Xuanzhengfa waved his sleeve and said to the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief, "You can scram now."

’You can scram now?’ Chu Xuanzhengfa actually said such a disrespectful thing to the overlord of an Upper Realm?!!!

"You... you’re truly seeking..."

Hearing what Chu Xuanzhengfa said, the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s youngest prince Jinshi Bo was immediately furious. He opened his mouth and was planning to curse at Chu Xuanzhengfa.

However, before he could finish his words, the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief used his oppressive might to forcibly shut his mouth.

Although the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief also had a very ugly expression on his face, he only clasped his fist at Chu Xuanzhengfa. With a lowly tone, he said, "Zhengfa, this is truly a misunderstanding. Our Goldenstone Royal Clan has no intention of provoking your Chu Heavenly Clan."

After he finished saying those words, the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s Clan Chief left with the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s army.

After being humiliated, they actually really ended up leaving with their tails between their legs.

At that moment, the people of the younger generation grew even more confused.

"Grandfather, isn’t the Goldenstone Royal Clan also an Upper Realm’s overlord? Why would they fear the Chu Heavenly Clan this much?"

Seeing the Goldenstone Royal Clan’s army leaving before their eyes, those confused younger generations began to send voice transmissions to the elders beside them to ask why this was happening.

Hearing such questions, an old man smiled. He said, "Foolish children, the Ancestral Martial Starfield is composed of countless worlds. Even for the rulers of Upper Realms, they number as many as an oxen’s hairs. As such, there are obviously disparities in strength between Upper Realms."

"While that Goldenstone Royal Clan is indeed the overlord of an Upper Realm, their Goldenstone Upper Realm cannot compare to our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. As for the Goldenstone Royal Clan, they would naturally not be able to compare to the Chu Heavenly Clan."

Hearing this sort of answer, the younger generations that were questioning their seniors came to a sudden realization. Then, they actually revealed a proud expression on their faces.

As people from the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, they would naturally be proud that their Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm was powerful.

After easily driving away the people from the Goldenstone Royal Clan with mere words, Chu Xuanzhengfa turned his gaze to Yuwen Huazang.

Not only did he not place the Goldenstone Royal Clan in his eyes, but he also did not place Yuwen Huazang in his eyes. He was looking at Yuwen Huazang with a gaze filled with contempt.

"Yuwen Huazang, what is this? Do you still plan to continue to make things difficult for Chu Feng?" Chu Xuanzhengfa asked.

"Heh..." Yuwen Huazang let out a bitter laugh. Then, he said, "In the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, who would dare to touch the people protected by your Chu Heavenly Clan?"

"Merely, there is one thing that this old man is unable to understand."

"What is it?" Chu Xuanzhengfa asked.

"Why are you protecting Chu Feng?" Yuwen Huazang asked.

After he asked those words, not to mention the regular bystanders, even Chu Ruoshi, Chu Huanyu and the other Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations began to look at Chu Xuanzhengfa with curiosity in their eyes.

Actually, everyone present wanted to know why Chu Xuanzhengfa was protecting Chu Feng.

Exactly what sort of relationship did Chu Feng have with the Chu Heavenly Clan?

Faced with Yuwen Huazang’s question and the crowd’s curious gazes, Chu Xuanzhengfa suddenly burst into loud laughter.

He was laughing very loud and clear. His laughter was akin to thunder that echoed through the sky repeatedly.

Furthermore, not only was his laughter very loud, but it was also filled with mockery.

It was as if he were mocking the crowd for being ignorant.

His laughter continued for a long while before finally dying down. However, after he retrieved his laughter, his gaze became extremely sharp. He fixed his gaze on Yuwen Huazang and said, one word at a time, "That’s because Chu Feng’s father is called... Chu Xuanyuan."