Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2942 - The Outcome Has Been Decided

"That’s right, they’re martial cultivation geniuses."

"Martial cultivation geniuses are a group of existences that cannot be reasoned with. They are capable of obtaining strength that others might not necessarily be able to obtain in their lifetime through training for only a short period of time."

"While everyone knows that Chu Xuanyuan was the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s number one genius, they have forgotten that Chu Xuanzhengfa, of the same generation as Chu Xuanyuan, was also a rare genius."

"Remember this: it is not without reason that Chu Xuanzhengfa became the Law Enforcement Hall’s Vice Hall Master at such a young age."

The Ghost Sect Hall’s Hall Master had a faint smile on his face when he said those words. It could be seen that, different from others, he was filled with confidence toward Chu Xuanzhengfa.

However, even after hearing what the Ghost Sect Hall’s Hall Master said, Xia Yun’er was still somewhat worried.

Her reaction was understandable too. After all, she was witnessing such a powerful battle at such close range. It would truly be impossible for her to not panic.

"Girl, didn’t you dislike little friend Chu Feng greatly before? How come you’re so concerned with him now?"

Right at that moment, a voice transmission entered Xia Yun’er’s ears.

Xia Yun’er turned around and noticed that Elder Xingyi was looking at her with a beaming smile on his face. It was a slightly ridiculing smile.

"After getting to know him, I’ve discovered that he’s not bad. Furthermore, he is senior Chu Xuanyuan’s son. Senior Chu Xuanyuan is the goal that I chase after, he is the person that I admire," Xia Yun’er said.

"Haha," Hearing those words, Elder Xingyi laughed and smiled even more intensely.

Seeing the confident and relaxed expression Elder Xingyi had on his face, Xia Yun’er was unable to contain herself from asking, "Elder Xingyi, aren’t you worried about Chu Feng? Didn’t you think very highly of him?"

"Do you still remember the Exalted-level expert that was secretly protecting little friend Chu Feng that I mentioned to you?" Elder Xingyi asked.

"I do," Xia Yun’er said.

"Girl, I can tell you with certainty that person’s aura was different from Chu Xuanzhengfa’s aura. Furthermore... that person’s aura was more powerful than Chu Xuanzhengfa’s aura. Likewise, it was also more powerful than Yuwen Huazang’s aura," Elder Xingyi said thorough a voice transmission.

Hearing those words, Xia Yun’er came to a sudden realization. She finally realized why Elder Xingyi was so confident and not worried about Chu Feng.

What Elder Xingyi was telling her was that the Exalted-level expert that was secretly protecting Chu Feng was more powerful than Yuwen Huazang.

That Exalted level expert was most definitely still secretly protecting Chu Feng. With her present... Chu Feng would naturally be safe.

At that moment, Xia Yun’er’s worried heart grew much more at ease.

She was finally able to admire the battle like the other observers.

"This is.... it ended?"

However, when Xia Yun’er turned her gaze toward Yuwen Huazang and Chu Xuanzhengfa’s battlefield again, she was surprised to discover that the explosions had stopped, and the energy ripples were no longer surging forth.

This meant that the battle between Yuwen Huazang and Chu Xuanzhengfa had ended.

"The battle ended this quickly? Who won?"

The crowd in the distance also noticed this. There were more daring individuals among them that started to fly toward where Yuwen Huazang and Chu Xuanzhengfa had been fighting.

With the situation being like that, more and more people began to fly toward Chu Xuanzhengfa. The crowd all wanted to find out exactly what the outcome of the battle was immediately.

"Huu~~~"

Right at that moment, an extremely powerful gust of wind suddenly emerged. The wind forcibly dispersed the energy ripples wreaking havoc through the surroundings.

When the energy ripples dispersed, everything became clear.

Chu Feng, Chu Xuanzhengfa and Yuwen Huazang all appeared before the crowd’s field of view.

Chu Feng was still standing in the sky. He was unmoved in the slightest. That said, there was a layer of semitransparent light that covered his body. It was that body of light that had protected Chu Feng, leaving him completely undamaged.

From the aura of that body of light, one could tell that it was from Chu Xuanzhengfa. It was Chu Xuanzhengfa who had protected Chu Feng.

As for Chu Xuanzhengfa, he too was standing in the sky and completely unharmed.

However, Yuwen Huazang, who had been fighting against Chu Xuanzhengfa, was not doing as well by comparison.

The current Yuwen Huazang was no longer as imposing as before. He was half kneeling on the ground. Not only were his clothes shattered and his body covered in blood, but even his aura had become much weaker.

One could tell from a single glance who the victor and loser in this battle were.

"Chu Xuanzhengfa actually defeated Yuwen Huazang!!!"

"Amazing! As expected of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Law Enforcement Hall’s Vice Hall Master! This is simply incredible!"

At that moment, cries of alarm sounded nonstop. The people present were all astonished by Chu Xuanzhengfa’s victory over Yuwen Huazang. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

They also finally realized why Chu Xuanzhengfa continued to have such a confident expression on his face the entire time when faced with Yuwen Huazang.

"I said you could give it a try."

"Are you satisfied with the result?" Chu Xuanzhengfa said while looking at Yuwen Huazang on the ground below. His tone was extremely taunting.

"Heh..." Yuwen Huazang astarted to laugh bitterly.

Then, he slowly got to his feet and raised his head to look at Chu Xuanzhengfa, "Brat, this old man has underestimated you. However, don’t you think that this old man will be killed by you today."

"Bang~~~"

After Yuwen Huazang finished saying those words, his body suddenly shattered. His body turned into countless golden lights that assimilated into the void and space itself.

Immediately afterward, Yuwen Huazang’s voice was heard again. However, this time around, his voice was heard from afar. Furthermore, there was no definite location. Instead, it was heard from all directions.

"Chu Xuanzhengfa, that Chu Feng has been exiled by the Chu Heavenly Clan. You are well-aware as to whether it is the Chu Heavenly Clan that wanted to protect him, or you yourself who wanted to protect him."

"Merely by yourself, hehe, you will not be able to protect him. This old man is definitely going to take that Chu Feng’s life."