Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2943 - A Relative’s Gaze

“This bastard, he clearly lost. Yet, he still dares to act so arrogantly. Men! Go and capture him!” The Law Enforcement Hall’s Chu Xingtian shouted.

Once he said those words, the members of the Law Enforcement Hall immediately responded to his command.

From this, it could be seen that that Chu Xingtian was someone with a certain amount of authority in the Law Enforcement Hall.

“Let it be. He has already escaped. Not to mention that you all do not possess sufficient strength to capture him, even if you did, you would not be able to catch up to him. What he used was a treasure for fleeing, and not an ordinary technique.”

Before the people from the Law Enforcement Hall set off to chase after Yuwen Huazang, Chu Xuanzhengfa waved his hand to indicate to the crowd to not chase after him.

That said, even though Chu Xuanzhengfa knew that Yuwen Huazang had escaped, he was not worried in the slightest.

Instead, he calmly said, “Yuwen Huazang, I will remind you of this. Chu Xuanyuan has only been imprisoned, and is not dead."

"If you insist on taking care of his son, it would not be a question of whether or not I will be able to protect his son, but whether you have the courage to do so."

After Chu Xuanzhengfa finished saying those words, there was no response from Yuwen Huazang.

However, at that moment, Chu Xuanzhengfa revealed a faint smile. He knew very well that Yuwen Huazang must’ve heard him. The reason why Yuwen Huazang didn’t say anything was because he was afraid.

Although Yuwen Huazang was unrelated to anyone, and could take rash actions at will, did he really dare to offend Chu Xuanyuan?

If Chu Xuanyuan were to be released in the future and discover that his son had been killed by Yuwen Huazang, not to mention Yuwen Huazang himself, all those related to Yuwen Huazang would be unable to escape a calamity. No one in the entire Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm would be able to save them.

"Everyone, it’s time to disperse," Chu Xuanzhengfa said to the crowd.

Then, he waved his sleeve and disappeared together with the people from the Law Enforcement Hall. Chu Feng also disappeared together with them.

......

After Chu Feng left with Chu Xuanzhengfa and the others, the great majority of the people present were feeling very joyous and excited. Even the experts from the older generation were extremely excited.

What had happened outside the Ghost Sect Hall was truly much more marvelous than they had anticipated.

Not only had they witnessed Chu Feng’s strength, but they had also witnessed a shocking battle between Exalted-level experts. However, what they were most pleasantly surprised about was definitely Chu Feng’s identity.

Chu Xuanyuan’s son. With this title, very few people in the entire Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm would dare touch Chu Feng again.

That said, while someone was feeling joyous, someone would inevitably feel unhappy. For example, Song Yunfei and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations all had distressed expressions on their faces.

Chu Xuanyuan’s son. This title was simply even more astonishing than one’s ranking on the Demon-level Geniuses List.

After all, that was that exceptional genius Chu Xuanyuan’s son.

That said, in terms of feeling the most unhappy, it would be none other than Chu Huanyu.

His eyes were frighteningly sinister. Those standing beside him could even feel his intense killing intent, and started to tremble with fear.

That said, others might have no idea why he detested Chu Feng so much. Only he himself knew the reason.

......

In the sky very far away from the Ghost Sect Hall, only Chu Feng and Chu Xuanzhengfa were standing on top of the clouds and looking at one another.

"Thank you, senior, for helping me today," Chu Feng clasped his fist and said to Chu Xuanzhengfa.

Whilst Chu Feng did not have a good impression of the Chu Heavenly Clan, that did not mean that he also did not have any favorable impressions toward any Chu Heavenly Clansmen. Chu Xuanzhengfa had arrived personally to help him out of trouble. Chu Feng knew that Chu Xuanzhengfa was most likely not his father’s enemy.

"Chu Feng, you should be calling me uncle. We are family, there is no need for you to regard me as an outsider," Chu Xuanzhengfa looked to Chu Feng with a smile on his face. A grand character like Chu Xuanzhengfa was actually looking at Chu Feng with such a gentle expression.

Chu Feng was able to tell that it was familial love.

Originally, Chu Feng was somewhat hesitant. However, upon sensing the familial gaze that Chu Xuanzhengfa was looking at him with, Chu Feng revealed a faint smile on his face. He said, "Uncle Zhengfa."

"Aye, that’s right," Chu Xuanzhengfa was very happy to be called uncle by Chu Feng.

"Chu Feng, return to the clan with me," Chu Xuanzhengfa said.

"The Chu Heavenly Clan has recognized me?" Chu Feng asked.

"I will settle things for you. Just return with me. I guarantee that no one will dare to bully you," Chu Xuanzhengfa said.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng knew that the Chu Heavenly Clan had not recognized him. On the contrary, there should be people that deeply did not want him to return.

Thinking of that, Chu Feng nodded without hesitation. He said, "Very well, I will return."

Chu Feng originally did not want to return. However, upon thinking that he would bring displeasure upon those that did not like him should he return, he felt that he should return.

What Chu Feng wanted to do was precisely to bring displeasure to those people that disliked him.

Chu Feng would feel pleasure from their displeasure.

"However, I cannot return right now," Chu Feng added.

"Why?" Chu Xuanzhengfa asked.

"I have one thing that I must go and settle. Uncle Zhengfa, please return first. After I finish that matter, I will return to the Chu Heavenly Clan myself," Chu Feng said.

"Chu Feng, you’ve also seen it. That Yuwen Huazang is a demented fellow. He dared to even provoke our Chu Heavenly Clan’s dignity. I cannot let you travel through the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm alone anymore."

"What do you want to handle? I will accompany you," Chu Xuanzhengfa said.

"Lord Vice Hall Master, there is an important matter for you to handle in the clan. I’m afraid you must return to the clan," Right at that moment, two figures appeared nearby.

These two people were two top experts of the Chu Heavenly Clan, Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Chu Feng was able to tell that Chu Xuanzhengfa had to return to the Chu Heavenly Clan immediately. Thus, he said, "Uncle Zhengfa, you do not have to protect me. I will be fine."

"Chu Feng, no matter what, I cannot have you travel alone."

"If you do not mind, allow the two of them to follow you. It would also be make things easier upon your return to the clan," Chu Xuanzhengfa pointed to Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren.