Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2945 - The Underestimated Demon

If that demon was truly Song Xi, Chu Feng could not disregard it. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Even if Song Xi had committed enormous atrocities, Chu Feng must still stop him, at the very least. He could not allow Song Xi to continue to go down the wrong path.

Thinking of this, Chu Feng asked, "Senior, is it possible to bring me there?"

"Chu Feng, you want to find that demon? There’s no need for it. Our Law Enforcement Hall will be able to handle it," Chu Xingde said.

"Senior, truth be told, that demon might be my friend," Chu Feng told them the truth.

"Your friend?" Hearing those words, Chu Xingren and Chu Xingde both revealed astonished gazes.

They had never expected that brutal and ruthless demon to be affiliated with Chu Feng.

Confused, Chu Xingren asked, "Chu Feng, exactly what is going on?"

Faced with Chu Xingren’s question, Chu Feng also did not try to conceal the truth. He told Chu Xingren and Chu Xingde of what had happened.

Chu Feng knew very well that if he wanted to save Song Xi, he would have to tell the truth.

Sure enough, after hearing what Chu Feng said, Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren’s eyes grew quite a bit more at ease.

At the very least, their hostility toward the so-called demon was no longer as strong as before.

"If that truly is the case, then it would be pardonable."

"Regardless, this matter must be handled. If it is only left for them to handle, I would be somewhat unrelieved."

"Second brother, in that case, let us bring Chu Feng over and have a look," Chu Xingren said to Chu Xingde.

"Very well. Since that person is related to Chu Feng, we cannot disregard the matter," Chu Xingde nodded.

"Thank you seniors," Chu Feng clasped his fist.

Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren had a massive change in attitude. Chu Feng knew very well that they were having such a massive change in attitude because they were giving him face.

"Chu Feng, we are family. Thus, you don’t have to say words that regard us as strangers. As such, you don’t have to thank us," Chu Xingde said with a smile.

Then, Chu Feng, together with Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren, began to proceed toward the last known location of that demon.

Actually, that place was not very far from the Primal Sea Sacred Mountain. That was precisely the reason why Chu Feng felt that demon to possibly be Song Xi.

Because of how close it was, Chu Feng, Chu Xingren and Chu Xingde quickly arrived at that region.

That region had been sealed off by a massive formation.

Below the grand formation stood many hundred meter-tall black pillars.

It would appear that grand formation was not something set up by people. Instead, it was set up through the use of special treasures. Those black pillars were the treasures.

Furthermore, not only was the Law Enforcement Hall’s stamp inscribed onto the black pillars, but the words ‘Law Enforcement Hall’ were also inscribed onto the massive formation.

"The power of the Chu Heavenly Clan truly cannot be looked down upon," At that moment, even Her Lady Queen exclaimed in astonishment.

She was astonished by those hundred-meter-tall black pillars. There should be a lot of this sort of treasure. The amount of such treasures was most definitely not limited to only those present before them. Instead, they should cover the entire grand formation.

It was those treasures that created the massive formation.

That said, that formation was truly too massive. It covered an area over a thousand times greater than that of the Nine Provinces Continent. It covered countless mountains, rivers and even oceans. From this, one could tell how vast a region that formation had covered.

To cover such an enormous range was something that would likely require many days to accomplish even if many powerful world spiritists were to join hands.

However, such a feat was accomplished using only that formation. From this, one could imagine how powerful those treasures, those black pillars, were.

Furthermore, this formation was definitely not as simple as only covering a vast area. Its defensive ability was also extremely powerful. Likely, not even peak Martial Immortals would be able to shatter it. Only Exalted-level experts would be able to cut through it.

After entering and flying in the formation, Chu Feng saw many cities. Those cities were completely unscathed. However, the cities themselves were deathly silent.

Even without any explanation, Chu Feng knew that those were all cities that had been attacked.

However, Chu Feng did not see the corpses of the dead. Perhaps they were already buried by the people from the Law Enforcement Hall.

"Lord Xingde, Lord Xingren."

Not long after Chu Feng and the others entered the formation, several members of the Law Enforcement Hall flew over. After they approached, they immediately knelt in mid-air and courteously greeted Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren.

It could be seen that Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren truly possessed great status in the Law Enforcement Hall.

That said, those people would look to Chu Feng from time to time. Their eyes were somewhat complicated.

"Chu Feng is someone from our Chu Heavenly Clan," Chu Xingde said.

"In that case, Chu Feng... really is Lord Chu Xuanyuan’s son?" The members of the Law Enforcement Hall asked at practically the same time. They were all pleasantly surprised.

"Mn," Chu Xingde nodded.

Hearing that, the astonishment in the eyes of those Law Enforcement Hall members went away, and was replaced with an ecstatic look.

It could be seen that they too possessed a special feeling toward Chu Xuanyuan. At the very least, from their reaction, Chu Feng was able to tell that those people from the Law Enforcement Hall all seemed to have a very favorable impression of him.

"It would appear that not everyone from the Chu Heavenly Clan is detestful."

Seeing that the people from the Law Enforcement Hall all reacted as if they were seeing their relative upon finding out about Chu Feng’s identity, Her Lady Queen was unable to keep herself from speaking highly of them.

"Perhaps this is what it means by ‘like master like servants’. With Uncle Zhengfa’s character, he would naturally rarely select scum to be his subordinates," Chu Feng said.

At this moment, Chu Feng no longer only had a favorable impression of Chu Xuanzhengfa, Chu Xingde, Chu Xingren and Chu Lingxi, but his entire impression of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Law Enforcement Hall had also become good.

"There’s another piece of good news. Chu Feng will very soon become a clansman of our Chu Heavenly Clan. Lord Vice Hall Master will settle his exiled status," Chu Xingde said.

"That would truly be great if that’s the case," These people from the Law Enforcement Hall grew even more joyous upon hearing that.

Chu Feng’s gratefulness toward Chu Xuanzhengfa also increased a lot more.

He could tell that it was most definitely not a simple task to remove his exiled status. Chu Xuanzhengfa was actually willing to do that sort of strenuous, unrewarding and potentially provoking task for him.This greatly demonstrated that Chu Xuanzhengfa was truly concerned for Chu Feng’s well-being.

"Well then, tell us about the situation here. Have you all managed to capture that demon?" Chu Xingde asked.

"Milords, we have already encountered that demon twice. However, that demon was more powerful than we had imagined. All those people that encountered him ended up suffering serious injuries. Even Lord Kongxun has been injured."

"Fortunately, you all have come. Otherwise, we would’ve gone to request assistance from the Hall," A Law Enforcement Hall member said.

"Even Chu Kongxun was no match for him? It would appear that we have truly underestimated that demon," Both Chu Xingde and Chu Xingren revealed surprised expressions upon hearing those words.