Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2965 - The Shouldered Reputation

After Chu Huanyu increased his speed, he quickly disappeared into the dark cave.

As for Chu Haoyan, he suddenly stopped.

He retrieved the smile on his face, and his gaze became pensive. There was a trace of cautiousness in his eyes.

Although he did not like Chu Huanyu, he knew that Chu Huanyu was not someone who would say things at random. After Chu Huanyu warned him in such a serious manner, Chu Haoyan started feeling slightly uneasy.

However, the cautious expression in his eyes quickly disappeared, to be replaced with arrogance and conceit.

"Humph, what could some trash like him possibly do? Even if someone is to be taken care of, it would be me, Chu Haoyan, taking care of him."

After he said those words, Chu Haoyan also increased his speed. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared deep into the Death Gate.

As for Chu Feng, he too had entered this so-called Death Gate. However... he was the last person to enter the Death Gate.

Compared to the Life Gate, the Death Gate was indeed stranger. Traps were present everywhere. If one did not possess sharp observation, it would indeed be very difficult to travel.

Walking in the Death Gate alone, Chu Feng had a feeling that danger was lurking in all directions.

That said, even with this being the case, Chu Feng was still traveling with his fastest speed. After all... he wanted to defeat Chu Haoyan.

The traps present on the path were actually very easy to dodge for a world spiritist of Chu Feng’s caliber.

As they traveled, Her Lady Queen asked, "Chu Feng, was it really worth it for you to endure silently like that for that girl Chu Yue?"

Her Lady Queen was feeling somewhat unhappy. She was not fond of Chu Feng doing such a thing because she did not wish to see Chu Feng being wronged.

"A temporary restraint will calm the waves," Chu Feng said with a joking tone.

"Do you really think that to be the case? If you really felt that to be the case, you wouldn’t have agreed to compete with Chu Haoyan in this Sacred Domain Selection," Her Lady Queen said.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng’s expression changed slightly. If it wasn’t for Chu Yue, he would indeed not have bothered to endure the humiliation from Chu Haoyan.

"Chu Feng, I feel that there is one thing that I must remind you of," Her Lady Queen said.

"What is it?" Chu Feng said.

"I know that you decided to endure the humiliation earlier because you did not wish to implicate that Chu Yue. However, even if you’re able to protect her temporarily, you will not be able to protect her forever."

"Furthermore, she does not possess a deep relationship with you, nor has she done anything for you before. Even her taking care of you was because she was tasked to do so by Chu Xuanzhengfa. Furthermore, she also benefited from taking care of you. Because she took care of you, she is now qualified to participate in the Sacred Domain Selection."

"If you allow a person like her to become your weakness, you will have to ask yourself if she is truly worthy of you doing all this," Her Lady Queen said.

Chu Feng grew quiet. He had truly never considered all those things. He had only decided to protect Chu Yue because he felt that she was close and dear to him.

"Furthermore, and most importantly, everyone now knows that you are Chu Hanxian’s grandson and Chu Xuanyuan’s son. Thus, you now not only shoulder your own reputation, but you also shoulder your grandfather and father’s reputations," Her Lady Queen added.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng’s expression became very complicated.

Indeed, he was Chu Hanxian’s grandson, and Chu Xuanyuan’s son.

Whilst he could disgrace himself, he could not disgrace Chu Hanxian and Chu Xuanyuan.

Whilst he naturally did not wish for Chu Yue to be harmed, she could not possibly compare to his grandfather and father’s reputations.

Thinking of this, Chu Feng suddenly clenched his fists. Anger erupted from his eyes.

At that moment, Chu Feng’s surroundings became incomparably cold. What erupted out alongside his anger was overflowing killing intent.

It was the killing intent that he had suppressed for a long time. It was the killing intent he had toward Chu Haoyan.

"Eggy, I understand now. I know what to do now," Chu Feng said.

Hearing what Chu Feng said, Her Lady Queen revealed a smile on her face. She said, "That’s more like it. You should’ve realized that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations do not know about your grandfather and father. Naturally, they will not know how powerful your grandfather and father were. That is the reason why someone like Chu Haoyan would dare to disrespect you like that."

"Right now, neither your grandfather nor your father will be able to stand up for you. Thus, you must stand up for yourself."

"You will naturally be unable to do anything to those old farts of the older generation. However, you absolutely cannot allow yourself to be bullied by those of the younger generation. Regardless of what they do, you must never allow yourself to be bullied." FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The implied meaning of Eggy’s words was very clear. Even if Chu Haoyan and the others were to threaten Chu Feng with Chu Yue, Chu Feng must still not submit to them. Otherwise, he would be disgracing his grandfather and father.

"I understand. I will definitely not restrain myself again," Chu Feng said.

"Of course not. The next time something like that happens, have this Queen come out immediately. This Queen will have that Chu Haoyan and the other Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations know that you, Chu Feng, are not one to be provoked," Her Lady Queen said with full confidence.

Although Her Lady Queen’s current cultivation was only that of a rank five True Immortal, whereas Chu Haoyan was a rank seven True Immortal, Chu Haoyan would definitely not be a match for Her Lady Queen.

The reason for that was because apart from her cultivation of rank five True Immortal, Her Lady Queen also possessed a heaven-defying battle power that other martial cultivators did not possess. Furthermore... her heaven-defying battle power was capable of surmounting five levels of cultivation.

Not to mention that Chu Haoyan, even that Chu Ruoshi might not necessarily be a match for Her Lady Queen.

"Who said I didn’t have anyone to stand up for me? Don’t I have Milady Queen to stand up for me?" Chu Feng said with a beaming smile.

After chatting with Her Lady Queen, Chu Feng felt much more liberated from his depression.The reason for that was because he knew very well that the moment he walked out of the Death Gate would be the moment when he retrieved his face from Chu Haoyan.

"If I don’t stand up for you, who would stand up for you? Could that Chu Yue possibly stand up for you? She will only implicate you and make you endure humiliation you shouldn’t endure, and suffer grievances you shouldn’t suffer," Her Lady Queen spoke with her face raised high.

"Okay, okay. I guarantee that I will never endure it anymore, okay?" Chu Feng said.

"Of course not. Not to mention how long you’ve known her, her personality has a problem to begin with. She knew very well what sort of person you are, yet she still insisted on having you endure the humiliation. She is simply not taking your feelings into consideration at all. She only cared about her own safety. She is a very selfish person," Her Lady Queen said.

"I understand. I’ve already said that I will not endure things anymore. Milady Queen, stop being angry," Chu Feng said.

"This isn’t a question of getting angry or not. Rather, I feel that it isn’t worthy. If you were to do this sort of thing for Su Rou, Su Mei or Zi Ling, this Queen would definitely not say anything. I would instead support you. After all, they are worthy for you to do endure the humiliation. However, that Chu Yue is out of the question. She’s not worthy at all."

"Oh, that’s right. There’s also that Chu Ruoshi. You must be careful of her," Her Lady Queen said.

"Chu Ruoshi? What about her?" Chu Feng asked.

"Don’t think that she’s really helping you just because she spoke for you. She deliberately indicated that you do not possess true ability even though you ascended to the Heavenly Lightning Steps’ tenth step."

"Before she said anything, Chu Haoyan had never mentioned that sort of thing. Thus, this Queen feels that this is what Chu Ruoshi was thinking in her heart," Her Lady Queen said.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng narrowed his brows. His expression turned cautious.

After hearing Her Lady Queen’s warning, Chu Feng also realized that Chu Ruoshi said those words with a different connotation.

"This Chu Heavenly Clan is truly dangerous. It’s so difficult to even find a good person among the people of my generation," Chu Feng smiled and sighed.

"Good person? There’s one," Her Lady Queen said.

"Who?" Chu Feng asked.

"This Queen felt that Chu Lingxi to be pretty decent. At least, she’s not bad," Her Lady Queen said.

"Chu Lingxi, was it?" Chu Feng thought about it. Then, he smiled and said, "That girl is truly weird. She is indeed a bit interesting."

"Help me!!!"

Right at that moment, a call for help sounded from deep within the dark cave.

Hearing that voice, Chu Feng’s gaze immediately changed. Then, he released his Divine level Lightning Mark and increased his cultivation so as to increase his speed.

The reason for that was because that shout for help seemed to be Chu Lingxi’s voice.