Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2969 - Mockery And Ridicule DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

At that moment, it would not be an exaggeration to say that the aura of death had enveloped Chu Feng.

This was most definitely not a simple warning. Those ten guardian beasts really did possess the power to kill Chu Feng.

"Chu Feng, you’ve awakened them. Quickly, return!"

"None of the traps and mechanisms here are fatal. However, the Ten Souls Pearl is an exception. The Ten Souls Pearl’s guardian beasts will really end up killing you!" Chu Lingxi shouted at Chu Feng nervously upon seeing that the Ten Souls Pearl’s guardian beasts had been awakened.

However, right at that moment, Chu Feng suddenly opened his palm. Immediately, a net of light emerged from his palm. The net started to rapidly increase in size. In the blink of an eye, the net actually completely enveloped the ten guardian beasts that were each more than a hundred meters long.

After the enormous net of light enveloped the guardian beasts, it actually started to assimilate into the guardian beasts’ bodies.

"Roar~~~"

At that moment, the ten guardian beasts all let out enormously resounding roars. Ripples began to form, even in that special pond water.

Right at that moment, Chu Feng began to form hand seals. Then, he lightly shouted, "Formation, activate."

The enormous spirit formation net that had assimilated with the guardian beasts’ bodies actually began to let out bright light once again. With this, those furious and roaring guardian beasts were caught in a struggle.

"That is... a hypnosis formation?"

Chu Lingxi’s expression changed upon seeing that scene.

As a world spiritist herself, she was capable of telling that what Chu Feng had just used was a hypnosis formation.

Chu Feng was trying to hypnotize the ten guardian beasts using his hypnosis formation, and then retrieve the Ten Souls Pearl.

However, those ten guardian beasts were very powerful. Would Chu Feng really be able to hypnotize them?

Chu Lingxi started to doubt Chu Feng. However, she no longer said anything. She was trying to not affect Chu Feng’s concentration because she was able to tell that Chu Feng was extremely focused on operating his spirit formation.

Once Chu Feng began, he actually spent an entire hour with the beasts.

After an hour passed, those ten guardian beasts finally closed their eyes and fell asleep.

As for Chu Feng, he immediately set up another spirit formation that increased his speed underwater. Soon, he arrived before the Ten Souls Pearl.

At the moment when Chu Feng grabbed the Ten Souls Pearl, those ten guardian beasts immediately turned into ten streams of gas that assimilated into the Ten Souls Pearl.

At that moment, the Ten Souls Pearl started to glimmer. There were ten gaseous substances spiraling inside it.

"So this is actually the original form of the Ten Souls Pearl," Chu Feng smiled.

"Heavens, you actually really accomplished it?" Chu Lingxi looked to the Ten Souls Pearl Chu Feng held in his hand with disbelief on her face.

"I guess this could be considered luck too. While those ten guardian beasts were very powerful, they were, nevertheless, not actual living beings. Thus, it was easier to hypnotize them. If they were all living beings, that hypnosis formation of mine would have been ineffective," As Chu Feng spoke, he tossed the Ten Souls Pearl to Chu Lingxi. He said, "Here, take it."

"You’re really giving it to me?" As Chu Lingxi saw the Ten Souls Pearl that was tossed toward her, surprise filled her eyes.

"It’s useless to me, why would I keep it? Just take it," Chu Feng said with a smile.

Chu Lingxi did not hesitate too much, and soon accepted the Ten Souls Pearl. After all, she really did want and need the Ten Souls Pearl very much.

"I owe you one," Chu Lingxi said after receiving the Ten Souls Pearl.

"You’ve already repaid me. After all, your father saved my life," Chu Feng said.

"What you owe him is his, whereas what I owe you is mine," Chu Lingxi said.

At that moment, Chu Feng noticed that the girl’s clear eyes were filled with incomparable determination.

She was not just saying those words. She was actually thinking that way.

"Do as you wish. However, right now, we should quickly leave this place," Chu Feng said.

Then, Chu Feng and Chu Lingxi continued to travel down through the pond following its undercurrent. Finally, they discovered a spirit formation gate.

When they exited the spirit formation gate, Chu Feng and Chu Lingxi returned to a location across from the pond trap.

When they looked back, they were only able to see a wall. The spirit formation gate had disappeared.

Chu Feng looked to Chu Lingxi and asked with a beaming smile, "What’s wrong? We’ve escaped from the trap, why are you unhappy?"

He discovered that Chu Lingxi currently had an ashamed and guilty expression on her face.

"If you didn’t save me, you wouldn’t have lost to Chu Haoyan," Chu Lingxi said.

"You’re talking about the match between me and Chu Haoyan? It’s fine, I can always win it back. Let’s go," Chu Feng said.

Chu Lingxi was startled to see how unconcerned Chu Feng was. Then, a rare smile emerged on her exquisite little face.

Her smile was very charming. It was like a blossom from the world’s purest flower. Looking at that smile, one would surely start to drool.

The rest of their journey was very smooth. Chu Feng and Chu Lingxi quickly exited the so-called Death Gate.

However, right after exiting the Death Gate, Chu Feng immediately heard unpleasant remarks.

Several people were gathered near the Death Gate’s exit. Those were all participants in the Sacred Domain Selection.

They were currently discussing Chu Feng.

"After that Chu Feng ascended to the Heavenly Lightning Steps’ tenth step, I’d thought that he would become our Chu Heavenly Clan’s number one genius. However, who would’ve expected that he would not dare to even do anything after being insulted by Chu Haoyan like that. It would appear that he is nowhere near as exceptional as he was rumored to be."

"That’s right, the rumors had it that Chu Feng was completely fearless. However, he immediately grew afraid upon seeing Chu Haoyan. The rumors truly cannot be trusted."

Those people were currently mocking and ridiculing Chu Feng with expressions of schadenfreude.

"The hell do you all know?! Can’t you tell that it was because of Chu Yue that Chu Feng didn’t do anything to Chu Haoyan?!" Right at that moment, a sharp shout was heard. It was Chu Lingxi.

Chu Lingxi’s sudden shout not only startled those people discussing Chu Feng, she also caused everyone in their surroundings to turn their attention towards her.