Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2791 - Real Or Not

"Indeed, Chu Feng helped me. That said, I did not take so long to come out without a reason. This... is the reason."

As Chu Lingxi spoke, her palm streaked across her Cosmos Sack. The next moment, the Ten Souls Pearl appeared in her lily-white hand.

"That is... the Ten Souls Pearl?!"

Upon seeing the Ten Souls Pearl, the people present, including Chu Huanyu and Chu Ruoshi, who were looking at the proceedings from afar, had a change in their expressions.

The Ten Souls Pearl was a clan-protection treasure of the Chu Heavenly Clan. Although the Ten Souls Pearl had been placed in the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Death Gate many years by their Old Ancestor Chu Yetianhong, there were many records of it and its appearance.

Thus, practically all of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations knew of its usage and what it looked like.

"Is that really the Ten Souls Pearl? The two of you found the Ten Souls Pearl in the Death Gate?" At that moment, even Chu Huanyu, who had been quiet the entire time was unable to keep himself from coming over.

One must know that the Ten Souls Pearl was enormously beneficial to them.

"It’s impossible for it to be real," Chu Haoyan said.

"Of course it’s real," Chu Lingxi said. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"That’s impossible. No one has discovered the Ten Souls Pearl even after so many years, how could you two have discovered it?" Chu Haoyan asked.

"That’s true, it’s been many years, and so many seniors have entered the Death Gate, yet none of them managed to find it. However, my apologies, it just so happened to be discovered by Chu Feng and I," Chu Lingxi said.

Right at that moment, Chu Ruoshi spoke, "Even if the two of you discovered it, it should be impossible for you to be able to subdue the Ten Souls Pearl with the strength that you possess,"

Furthermore, she then turned to the crowd and spoke loudly, "Everyone knows that the Ten Souls Pearl possesses ten guardian beasts. Those ten guardian beasts are extremely powerful; only Heavenly Immortal-level experts would be able to subdue them."

"Back then, Old Ancestor placed the Ten Souls Pearl in the Death Gate because he hoped for an outstanding descendant to be able to inherit his legacy. Not only would that descendant need to possess sharp observational ability, but they must also be extremely talented. At the very least, they would need to be a Peak True Immortal-level expert before they reached a hundred years of age."

After saying those words, Chu Ruoshi looked to Chu Lingxi and Chu Feng. "However, for the two of you, not to mention the Heavenly Immortal realm, you’re not even peak True Immortals."

"That’s right, with their strength, it’s impossible for them to subdue the Ten Souls Pearl."

After being instigated by Chu Ruoshi, many people began to look at Chu Feng and Chu Lingxi with gazes of contempt.

They had all determined that Chu Feng and Chu Lingxi were lying, that the Ten Souls Pearl was fake, and that they were doing all this so as to provide an excuse for exiting the Death Gate so slowly.

"That Ten Souls Pearl is real," right at that moment, a voice suddenly sounded. At that moment a figure appeared in the sky.

Upon seeing that figure, many of the people present closed their mouths and did not dare to utter another word of contempt.

The reason for that was because that person was Chu Lingxi’s father, the Law Enforcement Hall’s Vice Hall Master, Chu Xuanzhengfa.

"Senior Zhengfa, are you certain that that Ten Souls Pearl is real?" Chu Ruoshi asked.

She seemed to be very unwilling to believe that Ten Souls Pearl to be real.

The reason for that was because their Old Ancestor had said that if anyone discovered the Ten Souls Pearl in the Death Gate, they would be able to fuse with it. Once they fused with it, the Ten Souls Pearl would belong to that person.

And now, before all of them, the Ten Souls Pearl was in Chu Lingxi’s hand. This meant that the Ten Souls Pearl already belonged to Chu Lingxi. If that Ten Souls Pearl was real, then with Chu Lingxi’s talent, she would definitely be able to surpass her sooner or later after fusing with the Ten Souls pearl.

As such, she would naturally not be willing to believe the Ten Souls Pearl to be real.

"Lingxi, hand the Ten Souls Pearl to me," Chu Xuanzhengfa said.

After Chu Xuanzhengfa said that, Chu Lingxi raised her hand and tossed the Ten Souls Pearl to Chu Xuanzhengfa in the sky.

However, at the moment when the Ten Souls Pearl was about to reach him, Chu Xuanzhengfa suddenly opened his palm. Then, a strange sort of power assimilated into the Ten Souls Pearl.

"Roar~~~"

The next moment, ten bodies of gaseous substances shot out of the Ten Souls Pearl. Once the ten gaseous substances appeared, they immediately turned into ten enormous beasts, each more than a hundred meters long

Not only were they all extremely ferocious, but they were all emitting very powerful auras. Their auras were so powerful that they caused the expressions of all the younger generations present to change.

The reason for that was because those ten ferocious beasts were things that none of them could contend against.

"Is anyone capable of subduing them?" Chu Xuanzhengfa cast his gaze downward. He deliberately looked at Chu Huanyu, Chu Haoyan and Chu Ruoshi.

At that moment, the crowd all shook their heads. They had all realized how powerful those ten enormous beasts were. How could they possibly attempt to subdue them still?

"I’ll try," right at that moment, someone actually really wanted to try taking on the ten enormous beasts. It was Chu Huanyu.

As Chu Huanyu spoke, he unleashed his rank seven True Immortal aura. At the same time, a Lightning Mark appeared on his forehead. That Lightning Mark actually read ’Heaven.’

Chu Huanyu actually trained in the Heavenly Punishment Mysterious Technique.

After his Heaven level Lightning Mark appeared, Chu Huanyu’s cultivation actually increased from rank seven True Immortal to rank eight True Immortal.

"The Heavenly Punishment Mysterious Technique actually possesses the same effect as the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique?" Her Lady Queen was very astonished. At the same time, she was feeling very displeased. She felt that it was very unfair for Chu Feng.

How much had Chu Feng had invested in order to train in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique? With the descent of every Divine Tribulation, Chu Feng would suffer a pain that no ordinary person could endure.

However, what Chu Feng was capable of accomplishing after training in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique was actually something that Chu Huanyu, someone who trained in the Heavenly Punishment Mysterious Technique, was also capable of accomplishing. Naturally, Her Lady Queen would feel that it was very unfair for Chu Feng.

However, compared to Her Lady Queen, Chu Feng was very calm. He knew that there was an enormous disparity between the Heavenly Punishment Mysterious Technique and the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.

Perhaps the disparity was still not obvious at the True Immortal realm. However, the disparity between the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique and the Heavenly Punishment Mysterious Technique would definitely be made clear one day.

It was like how Chu Feng was only one among many geniuses in the Nine Provinces Continent back then.

Yet now, he was adventuring through the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, whereas those people of the younger generation that had contended against him in the Nine Provinces Continent could only remain in the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm.

Not to mention the Upper Realms, they would not even be able to reach the Ordinary Realms.

As for people like Chu Huanyu and Chu Haoyan, while they might be heavenly-beloved demon-level geniuses in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, Chu Feng firmly believed that he would one day cast them far behind.

The reason for that was purely because Chu Feng had trained in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.