Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2978 - Incapable Of Awakening

Chapter 2978 - Incapable Of Awakening

"There’s actually a need to awaken them? Why is it so troublesome?" Many people of the younger generation started to complain after hearing what Lord Youyuan said.

When all was said and done, they were simply afraid, afraid that they would not be able to awaken these Flame Extinguishing Pearls. Should that happen, they would end up losing their qualifications to enter the Nine Moons Sacred Domain.

"Apart from the appearance of the Blueflame Biogas, there is actually also good news. That is, the Nine Moons Sacred Domain’s Yin Yang Gate has already appeared. When the Nine Moons Sacred Domain opens in three days’ time, the Yin Yang Gate will definitely open too," Lord Youyuan said.

"The Yin Yang Gate that has not appeared for many years has actually appeared again?!!"

"No wonder the number of younger generations is limited to only sixty this time around. Furthermore, even the amount of males and females need to be equal. It turns out that it’s actually because the Yin Yang Gate had appeared. Haha, this is truly too fortunate. I guess this could be considered as profiting from misfortune?!"

Upon finding out that the Yin Yang Gate had appeared, the people of the younger generation were extremely excited. In fact, even the experts of the older generation revealed expressions of excitement on their faces.

It could be seen that the Yin Yang Gate was most definitely an extremely good place to be.

Seemingly knowing that Chu Feng would not know about the Yin Yang Gate, Chu Yue’s voice transmission sounded by Chu Feng’s ear. "Little brother Chu Feng, the Nine Moons Sacred Domain possesses a total of ninety-nine gates for people of different cultivations to train in."

"For those below the Heavenly Immortal realm, in other words we of the younger generation, only thirty-three gates can be entered. Among them, the Yin Yang Gate is the most exceptional."

"Reportedly, one will definitely profit should one enter the Yin Yang Gate. It will definitely not be an errand for nothing. For those with high levels of talent, they might even be able to directly make a breakthrough in cultivation."

"Of course, cultivation is only one aspect of it. The Yin Yang Gate also possesses treasures."

"However, the Yin Yang Gate has not appeared for several hundred years now. Thus, many people have simply never had the chance to enter the Yin Yang Gate. However... we now have the opportunity to enter it," Chu Yue was also very excited when she said those words.

"Well then, if there’s no issue, you can all begin awakening the Flame Extinguishing Pearls. After you’ve awakened your Flame Extinguishing Pearl, I will give you all a Yin Yang Fate Pearl," right at that moment, Lord Youyuan waved his sleeve. The sixty Flame Extinguishing Pearls started floating toward Chu Feng and the others.

After receiving a Flame Extinguishing Pearl, Chu Feng turned to Chu Yue and asked, "What is the Yin Yang Fate Pearl?"

"That’s very simple. I will tell you what it is later. Let us awaken these Flame Extinguishing Pearls first. Otherwise... we will not be qualified to enter the Nine Moons Sacred Domain. As for the Yin Yang Fate Pearl, it would become meaningless then."

After saying those words, Chu Yue started to instill her power into her Flame Extinguishing Pearl. She was trying her hardest to awaken her Flame Extinguishing Pearl.

It could be seen that Chu Yue truly treasured this opportunity to enter and train in the Nine Moons Sacred Domain.

At that moment, practically everyone present was trying to awaken their Flame Extinguishing Pearls.

At the start, many people were acting very confidently. However, gradually, those confident people also started to panic. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

They had attempted many different things to awaken their Flame Extinguishing Pearls. However, their Flame Extinguishing Pearls still had no reaction.

"Lord Youyuan, how do we awaken the Flame Extinguishing Pearls?" At that moment, there were people of the younger generation that started to ask Lord Youyuan for guidance.

"Use your heart," Lord Youyuan said with a smile.

"Use your heart?" Hearing those words, the crowd grew even more confused.

"Little brother Chu Feng, why aren’t you attempting to awaken your Flame Extinguishing Pearl?" Chu Yue asked Chu Feng.

It was only at that moment that the crowd noticed that practically all of the people of the younger generation that had received a Flame Extinguishing Pearl were trying their best to awaken them. Even Chu Ruoshi, Chu Lingxi and Chu Huanyu were no exception.

Only Chu Feng was simply holding his Flame Extinguishing Pearl with one hand. He seemed to have no desire to awaken it at all.

"Oh, I was thinking about some things," Chu Feng said with a smile.

"Thinking about some things? The way I see it, you don’t know how to awaken it, no? That’s why you’re observing others and trying to secretly learn how to awaken the Flame Extinguishing Pearl, isn’t that right?" Chu Haoyan mocked.

"Observe? I don’t think there’s a need for that, no? This thing seems to be very easy to awaken," Chu Feng said as he fiddled with the Flame Extinguishing Pearl in his hand.

"Easy to awaken? Chu Feng, your words are too excessive, no?" Once Chu Feng said those words, someone immediately voiced their discontent.

That person’s reaction was understandable. After all, they had tried all sorts of things, but were still unable to awaken their Flame Extinguishing Pearls. Yet, Chu Feng declared that it was very easy to awaken. This inevitably caused them to think that Chu Feng was belittling them.

Chu Feng ignored that person’s displeased remarks. He opened his hand and then closed it. He held the Flame Extinguishing Pearl within his palm and directed a thought at it.

"Buzz~~~"

The next moment, his Flame Extinguishing Pearl started to radiate with light.

"What is happening?"

When they saw Chu Feng’s Flame Extinguishing Pearl emitting bright light, the expressions of everyone present changed.

"Lord Youyuan, Chu Feng... did he awaken his Flame Extinguishing Pearl?" Someone turned to ask Lord Youyuan.

Lord Youyuan didn’t answer that person. However, he smiled and nodded. He was looking at Chu Feng with an admiring gaze.

At that moment, the astonishment on the crowd’s faces grew even stronger. As for those people that had mocked Chu Feng earlier, their expressions turned ugly.

Simply no one had expected the Flame Extinguishing Pearl to really be so easily awakened by Chu Feng.

Could this be the disparity of talent?

"Little brother Chu Feng, how did you accomplish that?" Chu Yue asked Chu Feng.

"It’s as Lord Youyuan said, you must use your heart. That said, there’s a certain trick to it too..."

Chu Feng began to inform Chu Yue of how he had awakened his Flame Extinguishing Pearl. While he had used many world spiritist skills, one could actually also accomplish what Chu Feng did without being a world spiritist.

At the moment when Chu Feng was telling Chu Yue what to do to awaken the Flame Extinguishing Pearl, the others present were all paying close attention.

Following Chu Feng’s method, Chu Lingxi, Chu Ruoshi and Chu Huanyu all awakened their Flame Extinguishing Pearls at practically the same time.

"Little brother Chu Feng, thank you for your guidance," Chu Ruoshi said to Chu Feng with a smile on her face.

She did not attempt to hide the fact that she had only managed to awaken her Flame Extinguishing Pearl by using Chu Feng’s method.

After hearing what Chu Ruoshi said, the others also began to attempt Chu Feng’s method. Following that, more and more successful awakenings appeared.

However, Chu Yue was an exception to the case. No matter how Chu Feng instructed her, she was still unable to awaken her Flame Extinguishing Pearl.

In the end, the great majority of people that had passed the Sacred Domain Selection had awakened their Flame Extinguishing Pearls. As for those that had failed to awaken their Flame Extinguishing Pearls, they sought help from others, and also awakened theirs.

At that moment, only Chu Yue was unable to awaken her Flame Extinguishing Pearl.

At that moment, someone said to Chu Yue, "Chu Yue, you don’t have to continue trying anymore. Your talent is insufficient, you should find someone to help you."

Chu Yue was already covered in sweat. Although she felt extremely unreconciled, she herself knew that she would not be able to awaken the Flame Extinguishing Pearl.

"Chu Yue, let me help you," right at that moment, a person walked out from the crowd.

Upon seeing that person, Chu Yue did not hesitate, and directly handed her Flame Extinguishing Pearl to him. The reason for that was because that person was Chu Huai.

Unfortunately, after Chu Huai attempted it, he discovered that even he was unable to awaken the Flame Extinguishing Pearl.

"My apologies Chu Yue, I am unable to awaken it," Chu Huai returned the Flame Extinguishing Pearl to Chu Yue with a guilty expression.

"Everyone, although this is hard to mention, I would like to request your help. Today, if anyone is able to help me awaken this Flame Extinguishing Pearl, I, Chu Yue, will definitely repay that person later on," feeling helpless, Chu Yue could only hold her Flame Extinguishing Pearl in hand and seek help from the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations.

However, after she said those words, she actually did not receive a single reply.

There were over ten thousand members of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations present at that moment. However, not a single person among this vast crowd was willing to help Chu Yue.