Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3010 - Precisely My Intention Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Upon finding out about the origin of the Infernal Ghost, not only did Chu Feng’s grievance from the Infernal Ghost beating the back of his head vanish completely, but the gaze with which Chu Feng looked to the Infernal Ghost had also changed.

Chu Feng had always felt himself to be pitiful for not having his biological parents by his side.

However, when compared to the Infernal Ghost, Chu Feng was simply far better off. No matter what, his parents were still alive.

Furthermore, Chu Feng knew very well that even though his parents did not accompany him, they loved him greatly.

As for the Infernal Ghost, although his parents undoubtedly also loved him, his parents were no longer alive.

As such, how could he not be pitiful?

“Lord Youyuan, in that case, is the Infernal Ghost a human or a ghost now?” Chu Feng asked.

The reason Chu Feng asked that was because the Infernal Ghost’s appearance was still that of a three-year-old child. That was very unconventional.

“Chu Feng, apart from gods, who could possibly live forever?”

“The Infernal Ghost’s parents had pursued the path of martial cultivation for many years, and were already expert martial cultivators.”

“However, even they were unable to live forever. Thus, how could they possibly allow a three-year-old child to live forever?”

“The reason why the Infernal Ghost is called a ghost is because he’s already dead.”

“Only by remaining in the Infernal Lake will he be able to continue living. However, if he is to leave the Infernal Lake, his soul will scatter, and he will fade into the world completely,” Chu Youyuan said.

After hearing what Chu Youyuan said, Chu Feng started to sympathize with the Infernal Ghost even more.

“Chu Feng, did you feel it?” Suddenly, Chu Youyuan became excited.

“I felt it. It’s natural energies, extremely concentrated natural energies.” Chu Feng also became excited.

He’d been running after the Infernal Ghost for so long. Finally, he was able to feel the aura of natural energies.

Furthermore, the natural energies were growing more and more intense. Both Chu Feng and Chu Youyuan knew what was happening.

This meant that they were growing closer and closer to the Infernal Spring.

Sure enough, the Infernal Ghost soon started to slow down. The reason for that was because a stretch of extraordinary water had appeared before him.

The water inside the Infernal Lake was all fiery red. After all, this was caused by the mixing of fire and water.

However, at that moment, an incomparably clear body of water had appeared before the Infernal Ghost.

That body of water resembled a stretch of immortal ground appearing in the center of hell. It was truly fascinating to see.

As for the powerful natural energies, they were emitted by that body of water.

That body of water seemed to be boiling. Like a stream, the water was moving upward.

Likely, that stream of water was the source of the fountain spring in the cave.

"Chu Feng, what are you hesitating for? Quickly, go in. With such concentrated natural energies and even martial comprehensions, your cultivation will definitely increase upon entering it. You might even be able to make a breakthrough to the Heavenly Immortal realm," seeing the Infernal Spring, Her Lady Queen was simply even more excited than Chu Feng.

Actually, Chu Feng was also very excited. After all, this was a great opportunity for him to make a breakthrough.

However, Chu Feng was hesitating.

"Lord Youyuan, if I am to enter the Infernal Spring to train, would I end up exhausting the power of the Infernal Pond and cause the Infernal Ghost to become homeless?" Chu Feng asked.

It turned out that the reason why Chu Feng was hesitating was because he was worried for the Infernal Ghost.

Although the Infernal Ghost was no longer an actual living being, Chu Feng did not wish for his soul to scatter because he sympathized with the origin of the Infernal Ghost.

Although the Infernal Ghost was no longer an actual living being, Chu Feng felt that it would be a good thing for him to continue living carefree and without worries like this.

At the very least, Chu Feng wanted it to continue living.

"That wouldn’t happen. Chu Feng, you can rest assured. According to the record on the oracle, the power of the Infernal Spring will not disappear, and it will also continue to exist. However, the assistance the Infernal Spring can provide you with is also limited."

"Thus, exactly how much you can obtain from it all depends on your own comprehension ability. It is not through consuming the power of the Infernal Spring," Chu Youyuan explained.

Hearing what Chu Youyuan said, the hesitation in Chu Feng’s mind immediately dissipated.

Right at that moment, Chu Feng noticed that the Infernal Ghost, who was laughing the entire way, had entered the Infernal Spring.

After entering the Infernal Spring, the Infernal Ghost, who was extremely lively earlier, did a long stretch and then fell asleep.

He was in a very deep sleep. It was like a child falling asleep after getting tired from playing too much.

No, it wasn’t just akin to being alike. Although the Infernal Ghost had continued to exist since the Ancient Era, he was... actually still only a child.

Both his character and appearance were only that of a child.

At that moment, Chu Feng also stopped hesitating and leaped into the Infernal Lake.

Upon entering the Infernal Lake, Chu Feng was immediately engulfed by boundless natural energies. The feeling of being engulfed by boundless natural energies was simply akin to reaching paradise for cultivators.

In other words, Chu Feng was feeling like a pervert being surrounded by countless beauties. It was simply the best feeling ever.

Chu Feng hurriedly closed his eyes and began to comprehend the natural energies contained within the spring.

However, Chu Feng soon opened his eyes again.

"Chu Feng, what’s wrong?" Her Lady Queen hurriedly asked.

"Eggy, Milady Queen, truly the heavens are helping me," Chu Feng was wild with joy and extremely excited.

"Exactly what’s happening? Stop beating around the bush and quickly tell this Queen," Her Lady Queen became even more curious upon hearing Chu Feng say those words. She who was originally sitting in Chu Feng’s world spirit space lazily actually jumped onto her feet.

"Being here, I am able to sever the stream of water going upward. What do you think will happen should I sever the stream of water?" Chu Feng said with a beaming smile on his face.

"Is there even a need to guess? If you can sever the stream of water leading upward from the Infernal Spring, the natural energies in the spring above would dissipate too. With that, that Chu Zhiyuan and Chu Ruoshi would not be able to train anymore," Her Lady Queen said.

"Precisely," Chu Feng said.

"Then why are you still standing there? Quickly, sever that stream of water," excited, Her Lady Queen began to urge Chu Feng.

Chu Feng smiled lightly at Her Lady Queen’s urging. With a brilliant smile, Chu Feng said, "That is precisely my intention."