Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3016 - Trust Chu Zhiyuan

“Very well, since that’s your intention, we shall do as you propose, and have Lord Clan Chief judge this matter.”

“That said, do not blame me for speaking bluntly. If Lord Clan Chief is to find this matter fishy, I will definitely arrest Chu Zhiyuan and Chu Ruoshi. I will personally interrogate them using the methods of our Law Enforcement Hall, and make them tell the truth," Chu Xuanzhengfa spoke with a very serious tone. Deep anger was present in his words.

After hearing what Chu Xuanzhengfa said, Chu Zhiyuan and Chu Ruoshi’s expressions changed. Fear emerged in their eyes.

They knew about the methods of the Law Enforcement Hall. If they were to truly end up in the Law Enforcement Hall’s hands, if the Law Enforcement Hall was to extort a confession out of them using these methods, they would truly not be able to endure it.

"Milords, what we’ve said is the truth. Please, you all must uphold justice for us," Chu Ruoshi hurriedly arrived before the two Utmost Exalted Elders. She wanted them to back her and Chu Zhiyuan up.

"Ruoshi, rest assured, Lord Clan Chief will justify you all. He will definitely not wrong the two of you," Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather said.

Then, the two Utmost Exalted Elders and Chu Xuanzhengfa brought Chu Zhiyuan, Chu Ruoshi and Chu Lingxi, those three members of the younger generation, with them, and began to proceed toward the deepest part of the Chu Heavenly Clan.

That place was a wondrous land.

Mountains rose from the ground like swords piercing the clouds and reaching the horizon.

On the mountains were waterfalls. The waterfalls looked like white dragons descending straight toward the earth.

Groups of cranes flickered with silver brilliance as they danced in the sky.

Occasionally, soul-pleasing and heart-easing birdsong could be heard. It was as if that place was a land of immortals.

Indeed, it resembled a land of immortals. After all, even the natural energies there were exceptionally strong.

Because of that, that place possessed a name related to the land of immortals. It was called the Chu Wonderland.

That place was where the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Utmost Exalted Elders would enter closed-door training.

Being able to train there was not only a question of one’s cultivation, it was also a signifier of one’s status. Without sufficient status, one would not be allowed to train there.

Located in the depths of the Chu Wonderland was a tall mountain. On the peak of that mountain was an ancient pagoda. That was the place where the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief would undergo closed-door training.

Two old men were currently sitting cross-legged before the ancient pagoda.

Of those two old men, one was fat, and the other was skinny. One had a white gown, and the other had a black gown. Those were their greatest distinguishing characteristics. Apart from that, the two old men appeared very ordinary.

When the two Utmost Exalted Elders and Chu Xuanzhengfa approached, the two old men suddenly opened their eyes, revealing sharp gazes. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

At that moment, even the heaven and earth trembled. The surrounding natural energies started to react to the two old men.

Merely their gazes managed to affect the natural energies in the area.

Those two old men were actually both rank two Exalted.

That said, even though the two of them possessed such strength, they were not the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Utmost Exalted Elders. In fact, the two of them were simply not people of the Chu Heavenly Clan.

With their status, they should not appear in such a sacred place. The reason why they were able to be there was because the two of them were people that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief trusted greatly.

The two of them were the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s bodyguards.

"The Clan Chief is in closed-door training. Others are not allowed to approach," before Chu Xuanzhengfa and the others reached them, the two old men sent out a voice transmission.

As the voice transmission entered Chu Xuanzhengfa and the others’ ears, it actually seemed to possess a slightly threatening implication.

Upon hearing the voice transmission, the two Utmost Exalted Elders and Chu Xuanzhengfa immediately stopped, and did not fly up to the mountain peak.

At that moment, the two Utmost Exalted Elders and Chu Xuanzhengfa spoke at practically the same time, “Milords, we have an important matter, and wish to request Lord Clan Chief’s attendance. Milords, would you please inform Lord Clan Chief for us?”

Although those two old men were not members of the Chu Heavenly Clan, the two Utmost Exalted Elders still had to greet them respectfully, and address them as lords.

They were giving enormous face to the two old men.

However, even with that being the case, those two old men seemed to have no intention of appreciating the face they were being given.

Instead, they replied coldly, “The deadline for the Clan Chief’s closed-door training has yet to arrive. Unless a major calamity is to happen to the Chu Heavenly Clan, no other matter is significant enough to disturb the Clan Chief. If there’s something that you need, go and seek out Chu Hanpeng.”

Hearing those words, the two Utmost Exalted Elders revealed displeased expressions.

No matter what, the two of them were Utmost Exalted Elders of the Chu Heavenly Clan. Nominally, they were people that held the greatest authority in the Chu Heavenly Clan, apart from their Clan Chief.

However, they ended up being berated in such a manner by two outsiders. It would only be natural for them to feel very displeased.

That said, even though they were feeling very displeased, they did not attempt to argue. Instead, they turned around to find Chu Hanpeng, who had just entered closed-door training.

As for Chu Xuanzhengfa, he was also powerless. They all knew the temperament of those two old men. Since they declared that they would not notify their Clan Chief, it meant that they would definitely not notify him. Even if the two old men were to be killed, they would still not notify their Clan Chief about the matter. Furthermore... they were no match for those two old men.

Thus, in the end, Chu Xuanzhengfa could only follow the two Utmost Exalted Elders to seek out Chu Hanpeng, who had just entered closed-door training.

Seeking out Chu Hanpeng was a smooth journey. However, when Chu Hanpeng found out about the matter regarding Chu Feng, he started to contemplate.

Chu Hanpeng contemplated for a very long time before finally slowly saying, “Although this old man feels very regretful for what happened to Chu Feng, Chu Feng remains an exiled child. If I am to choose, this old man is more willing to believe Ruoshi and Zhiyuan.”

“Lord Hanpeng, this is not impartial. You must not affect your judgement just because Chu Feng has just returned to the clan,” Chu Xuanzhengfa was extremely unwilling to accept it.

“Not impartial? What’s not impartial about it? The way I see it, the only one that’s incapable of making a proper judgement is you, Chu Xuanzhengfa. That Chu Feng has been in exile his entire life. He did not grow up in the clan, whereas Ruoshi and Zhiyuan are our Chu Heavenly Clan’s actual clansmen.”

“Yet, you would rather choose to believe an exiled child than your own clansmen. Chu Xuanzhengfa, are you worthy of being a clansman of our Chu Heavenly Clan? Are you worthy of being the Law Enforcement Hall’s Vice Hall Master? Are you worthy of being their senior?” Chu Haoyan’s grandfather pointed to Chu Ruoshi and Chu Zhiyuan as he lashed out at Chu Xuanzhengfa.

“Enough. The evidence is conclusive. There is no need to dispute this matter anymore. All of you, return first.” Chu Hanpeng waved his hand at the two Utmost Exalted Elders. However, he did not wave his hand at Chu Xuanzhengfa.

Seeing this, the two Utmost Exalted Elders were surprised. They both realized that Chu Hanpeng was planning to tell Chu Xuanzhengfa something.

Although they were feeling worried, they had no choice but to respectfully bow and then leave the palace hall together with Chu Zhiyuan and Chu Ruoshi, since Chu Hanpeng possessed greater strength and status than themselves.

At that moment, only Chu Hanpeng and Chu Xuanzhengfa remained in the palace hall.

[1. Wait, where’s Chu Lingxi?]