Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3021

After waiting for a long time without seeing Chu Feng, the people gathered at the Nine Moons Sacred Domain started to gradually disperse.

Apart from Chu Xuanzhengfa, Chu Lingxi and a few others, practically everyone in the Chu Heavenly Clan felt that Chu Feng was definitely going to die.

Even if he wasn’t dead yet, he would die sooner or later.

After all, there had never been a single person who was able to return from the Nine Moons Sacred Domain alive after it closed.

Regardless of how heaven-defying Chu Feng might be, it would still be impossible for him to walk out of the Nine Moons Sacred Domain alive.

After all, the crowd felt that Chu Feng would’ve come out already if he was capable of doing so. There was no reason for him to make his breakthroughs inside the Nine Moons Sacred Domain.

The people who were feeling the most joyous upon thinking of this would be none other than Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather and Chu Haoyan’s grandfather, those two Chu Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elders.

Even though Chu Feng had startled them earlier by bringing forth Divine Tribulation lightning and making successive breakthroughs, their worries started to gradually disappear after Chu Feng stopped his breakthroughs, and the region returned to normal.

They firmly believed that Chu Feng would undoubtedly die.

However, they were mistaken. Not only did Chu Feng leave the Nine Moons Sacred Domain, but his cultivation was also definitely not as simple as they thought it to be.

......

The vast and boundless starry sky. This was a place where martial cultivators, no matter how powerful, would feel that they were tiny by comparison.

It was a true sea of stars. It was a world with borders not even martial cultivators could reach.

At that moment, Chu Feng was inside that vast starry sky. He was together with the stars.

However, Chu Feng’s mood was extremely good.

He had stopped making breakthroughs. As for his cultivation, it had reached rank four Heavenly Immortal.

From rank six True Immortal to rank four Heavenly Immortal, this was an enormous distance.

It was a realm of cultivation that many people were unable to reach in their entire life. However, Chu Feng managed to make successive breakthroughs, and increased his cultivation to such a degree in a mere hour.

His cultivation speed was truly fast, even terrifyingly fast.

If the people of the Chu Heavenly Clan were to witness such fast cultivation breakthroughs, they would definitely be astonished by Chu Feng’s talent once more, and feel reverence toward Chu Feng’s talent.

That said, whilst rank four Heavenly Immortal was already a vast breakthrough in cultivation, it was not all the harvest that Chu Feng had obtained from the Infernal Lake.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng was only a fine line away from rank five Heavenly Immortal.

Chu Feng was confident that he would soon be able to gain enough comprehension to reach the junction to rank five Heavenly Immortal, and successfully break through the barrier to become a rank five Heavenly Immortal.

In short, rank four Heavenly Immortal was not the limit for the current Chu Feng. After all, rank five Heavenly Immortal was already within his grasp.

“Chu Feng, you’ve actually managed to make successive breakthroughs to rank four Heavenly Immortal. It is truly worthy of celebration. Congratulations, congratulations,” Chu Youyuan examined the current Chu Feng and revealed a joyous expression.

Chu Youyuan would naturally be happy. He was happy for their Chu Heavenly Clan. The reason for that was because he firmly believed that if it were others that entered that Infernal Spring, they would not be able to obtain as much of a harvest as Chu Feng had.

The reason why Chu Feng was able to obtain so much was because he possessed comprehension ability surpassing ordinary people.

For a genius like Chu Feng to be a member of their Chu Heavenly Clan, how could he not feel joy?

“Thank you, Lord Youyuan.”

“That said, Lord Youyuan, how are your injuries?”

Chu Feng had made successive breakthroughs into rank four Heavenly Immortal. His cultivation had surpassed all of the younger generations of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. Because of that, he was originally very happy.

However, when he looked to Chu Youyuan, he suddenly recalled Chu Youyuan’s injury. His expression immediately changed to one of concern and worry.

After all, while Chu Youyuan’s injury had gotten much better, it was not completely healed.

“Don’t worry about it, it’s nothing serious,” Chu Youyuan said with a faint smile. Then, he looked ahead.

Chu Feng knew that Chu Youyuan was carefully examining the way ahead so that he could seize the opportunity to escape with Chu Feng should a spatial crack appear.

However, Chu Youyuan’s injuries had to be treated. If his injury was left untreated, it would be very detrimental to him.

“Lord Youyuan, please tell me what the spatial cracks looks like. If I am to see a spatial crack, this junior will immediately inform you. But before that, you should treat your injuries. Do you think that is fine?” Chu Feng asked with a pleading tone.

Hearing what Chu Feng said, Chu Youyuan was somewhat hesitant. However, when he saw Chu Feng’s determined gaze, he seemed to realize that Chu Feng would not be willing to compromise should he refuse him. As such, after a moment of hesitation, he smiled and nodded.

Chu Youyuan said, “Very well. This old man will inform you about the spatial cracks, and then treat his injuries.”

Then, Chu Youyuan began to tell Chu Feng about the spatial cracks.

Not only did he inform Chu Feng of what the spatial cracks looked like, but he also explained the origins of the spatial cracks to Chu Feng.

Everyone knew that when experts unleashed their attacks, even space would shatter, should their attack be powerful enough. At the instant when space shatters, heaven and earth will turn to a patch of darkness. When space was shattered, all the things inside that space, with the exception of cultivators, would disappear. People would temporarily enter a void without space.

However, the shattering of space was only a temporary thing. The power of space itself was extremely strong. At the very least, it far surpassed the power of ordinary cultivators. Even if it was shattered, it would immediately recover.

However, the martial cultivators from the Ancient Era were much stronger than the martial cultivators now. One could very well imagine what sort of destruction the peak experts of that era were capable of.

Although the spatial destruction created by those martial cultivators, no matter how powerful they might be, would definitely recover, some traces would remain as time passed.

Those traces were spatial cracks and spatial tunnels.

The spatial tunnels flowed through the vast starry sky. Although spatial tunnels were invisible, they were like rivers following different trajectories as they flowed through a certain location of the vast starry sky or a certain world. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Within every spatial tunnel were spatial cracks. The spatial cracks were the entrances and exits.

However, it was a very difficult task to enter the spatial tunnels. Thus, exiting the spatial tunnels was also a very difficult task.

Thus, even if Chu Feng and Chu Youyuan were fortunate enough to discover a spatial crack in the spatial tunnel, they would still need enormous power in order to exit through the spatial crack.

As for such power, it was not something that Chu Feng possessed. As such... Chu Youyuan was needed to handle the task.