Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3024 - Fortunate Opportunity

Chu Feng’s psyche immediately grew tense upon hearing those words. He immediately activated his Heaven’s Eyes and looked toward the location indicated by Chu Youyuan.

Underneath the gaze of his Heaven’s Eyes, the layers of obstructions began to constantly disappear. Chu Feng discovered that there was indeed someone approaching them from far away.

It was a middle-aged man. Although he looked like a middle-aged man, Chu Feng was able to tell that he should be at least a thousand years old. He was a martial cultivator.

From his speed, Chu Feng was able to tell that his cultivation should be rank one True Immortal.

At that moment, the middle-aged man was in a panic. The reason for that was because a group of fiendish monstrous beasts was chasing after him.

Those monstrous beasts were about as powerful as the man. However, their speed was faster than his.

That said, Chu Feng was slightly surprised by the outfit of those fiendish monstrous beasts; they were somewhat unusual.

Generally speaking, monstrous beasts would only wear gowns and other clothes when they took on human form.

When they were in their monstrous beast form, they would generally be more fond of wearing armor and such to show off their power.

As for this group of monstrous beasts, they were clearly fiendish in appearance, and all in monstrous beast form. Yet, they were dripping with gold and silver.

Their appearances resembled one another. They should be from the same race. However, their outfits were different from one another. The only identical trait to their outfits was that they were all richly bedecked. It was as if every one of them was extremely wealthy.

Such appearances were very rarely seen even among humans. As for monstrous beasts, it was even rarer. To put it simply, the way they dressed was very crude.

Thus, monstrous beasts like them were truly unconventional.

That said, Chu Feng was not only surprised by the group of monstrous beasts’ strange outfits. He was also unable to keep himself from sighing with admiration at how powerful an Exalted-level expert’s perceptive ability was.

That man and those monstrous beasts were very far away from him. Without using his Heaven’s Eyes, Chu Feng would simply be unable to even see them, not to mention surveying them.

However, Chu Youyuan managed to easily sense that middle-aged man and the group of monstrous beasts. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Senior, may I act to save that man?" Chu Feng asked Chu Youyuan.

Chu Feng did not know that middle-aged man. However, seeing the panicky expression of that middle-aged man and how those monstrous beasts were insulting and laughing at him whilst chasing after him, Chu Feng subconsciously felt that middle-aged man to be the victim.

In the end, Chu Feng was a human.

Seeing a fellow human being humiliated by monstrous beasts in such a manner, Chu Feng started feeling like he should help that man.

"If you want to save him, go ahead and do so. Just follow your heart. However, if you plan to act, do not be lenient. Make sure to kill them all," Chu Youyuan said with a smile.

Seeing Chu Youyuan’s profound smile, Chu Feng immediately realized that Chu Youyuan should know about the origin of that group of monstrous beasts. Furthermore, those monstrous beasts must not be of the benevolent kind. Otherwise, he would not have told Chu Feng to kill them from the get-go.

"Roger," Chu Feng answered. Then, he soared into the sky and rapidly flew toward the group of monstrous beasts.

The monstrous beasts had caught up to the middle-aged man and surrounded him. After uttering more insults at him, they all took out their weapons, and were planning to take that middle-aged man’s life.

At that moment, the middle-aged man felt that he would definitely die. As such, he tightly closed his eyes and prepared himself for death.

"Plop, plop, plop, plop, plop~~"

Suddenly, muffled explosions began to be heard nonstop. During this period of time, the middle-aged man was even able to hear splashing sounds.

As the middle-aged man was, after all, a martial cultivator, he was able to tell with his sharp perception that that was not water. Rather, it was blood.

He subconsciously opened his eyes, and discovered that the monstrous beasts that had surrounded him had all fallen to the ground. Furthermore, none of them had any signs of life.

Chu Feng was now standing a short distance away from the middle-aged man.

"It’s you who saved me?" The middle-aged man looked to Chu Feng with disbelief in his eyes.

Questions filled his eyes. That was understandable too. After all, judging from how young Chu Feng was, he simply did not believe Chu Feng would possess the strength to kill those monstrous beasts.

"If it wasn’t me, who would it be?" Chu Feng said with a faint smile.

"Putt~~~"

After Chu Feng said those words, the middle-aged man actually knelt on the ground. He started kowtowing to Chu Feng. He said, "Lord Benefactor, Lord Benefactor!"

"Lord Benefactor, you are so powerful and kind-hearted, might you be willing to save my family too? If you don’t save them, they’ll end up being captured and reduced to slaves by that group of monsters. They will no longer be able to see daylight, and their entire lives will be ruined."

"Agree to help him," right after that middle-aged man said those words, Chu Youyuan’s voice sounded in Chu Feng’s ears.

Chu Feng was startled. He did not understand why Chu Youyuan would be so determined to have Chu Feng agree to help this middle-aged man.

However, before he could say anything, Chu Youyuan’s voice sounded again.

Merely, this time around, it was no longer a voice transmission. Instead, it sounded from afar.

"Cough, cough. Chu Feng, saving a life is more meritorious than building a seven-floor pagoda. Since fate has brought you together, you should go and save them."

Chu Youyuan walked out from the mountain with his walking stick in hand. He looked very weak.

"Lord Youyuan," Chu Feng hurriedly rushed toward Chu Youyuan to support him.

"Chu Feng, you should help them," Chu Youyuan said again.

"Very well," Chu Feng nodded. Then, he carried the injured Chu Youyuan on his back and asked the man, "Where is your family? Lead the way."

"Thank you milords, thank you milords," the middle-aged man was overjoyed. He began to kowtow to Chu Feng and Chu Youyuan repeatedly before getting up and guiding them.

On their way, Chu Youyuan asked Chu Feng through a voice transmission, "Chu Feng, do you know why this old man wants you to save his family?"

"Lord Youyuan must not want those monstrous beasts to humiliate people of our human race."

"Actually, it is not only when humans are bullied by monstrous beasts, even if its monstrous beasts that are bullied by humans, this junior will still act to save them. It is the duty of martial cultivators to root out the strong and support the weak," Chu Feng said.

"No, no," however, Chu Youyuan shook his head at Chu Feng’s words.

"Lord Youyuan, could it be that there’s another reason?" Chu Feng was surprised.

"Of course there’s another reason. The reason for that is because that group of monstrous beasts are no ordinary monstrous beasts. They possess a special name in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm -- Bandit Beasts."

"These Bandit Beasts possess quite an origin. To encounter them might be a fortunate opportunity for you," Chu Youyuan said with a smile.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng’s heart moved. Joy rose in his heart.

Chu Feng was happy not only because Chu Youyuan said he might encounter a fortunate opportunity.

Rather, it was because Chu Youyuan said that the Bandit Beasts were a race of monstrous beasts of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

This meant that Chu Feng had truly returned to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

Having returned to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm meant that Chu Feng would be able to seek out Chu Zhiyuan, Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather and the others for revenge.

Naturally, Chu Feng would be very happy.