Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3032 - Short-sighted

"No, I wouldn’t mind, of course I wouldn’t mind. Big brother Jialuo, as long as I am able to be with you, I am willing to do anything."

Hearing those words, Luo Xiaofeng reacted as if she had seen hope. There was simply no trace of complaint in her at all. So was feeling so thankful that she was on the verge of tears.

Seeing Luo Xiaofeng acting like this, Luo Dali felt very helpless. He was feeling grievance for his younger sister. Luo Xiaofeng’s manner of love was simply too petty and low.

Suddenly, Luo Xiaofeng looked to Luo Dali and said, "Big brother, did you see that? I told you my big brother Jialuo would be able to succeed. See, I didn’t lie."

"Rather than relying on your so-called benefactor, it is better to rely on my big brother Jialuo. Do you finally know who is more reliable now?"

She seemed to have forgotten the fact that her fiance had wanted to break their marriage arrangement earlier. In the blink of an eye, she had begun to praise her fiance again.

Seeing Luo Xiaofeng acting like this, Luo Dali did not say anything. He merely sighed and shook his head.

He felt that his younger sister was beyond help now. Likely, her entire life would be ruined by that Xu Jialuo’s hands. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"Xiaofeng, since you are willing to be my concubine, it would mean that you and I are still a couple. Your family is my family too."

"Right now, I will bring everyone away from this damned place," Xu Jialuo said.

"Wait!" Right at that moment, a voice was suddenly heard. It was Chu Feng.

"With your strength, you will not be able to bring them away from here," Chu Feng said.

"What did you say?" Xu Jialuo was immediately displeased upon hearing those words. Then, he swept his gaze across Chu Feng and spoke with a contempt-filled tone, "Who the hell are you? You dare to look down on me?"

"I am not looking down on you. Perhaps you didn’t sense that there are rank three Heavenly Immortals overseeing this place. With your cultivation of a rank one Heavenly Immortal, trying to leave this place is simply courting death," Chu Feng said.

Chu Feng did not lie. He had been surveying the outside ever since he had arrived in the mines. Although he hadn’t yet found the treasures of the Bandit Beasts, he had thoroughly determined their strength.

The overall strength of the Bandit Beasts was not strong at all. In fact, there were a lot of powers in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm that would be capable of eliminating the Bandit Beasts.

However, Chu Feng had judged that there were over a hundred Heavenly Immortal-level experts among the Bandit Beasts present. The strongest among them were two rank three Heavenly Immortals.

Although that cultivation would still be very weak in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, they were not existences that Xu Jialuo could take on.

"Impossible! With my perception, how could I not be able to perceive the existence of Heavenly Immortal-level experts?" Xu Jialuo did not believe Chu Feng’s claims.

"In that case, are you able to sense my cultivation?" Chu Feng asked with a smile.

"Humph, of course I can sense your cultivation. You are but a mere Martial Ancestor," Xu Jialuo spoke with great disdain.

"Xu Jialuo, do not be rude! That man is my benefactor, the person who saved me!" At that moment, Luo Dali stood forth.

"Your benefactor? Have you gone stupid? You are a True Immortal. Yet, you’re calling a mere Martial Ancestor your benefactor? Luo Dali, it would appear that you’re truly growing more and more stupid," Xu Jialuo looked to Luo Dali with contempt.

"You damned bastard inferior to pigs and dogs. If it wasn’t for our Luo Family, how could you obtain your current standing? Yet you dare to scold me like this?!" Luo Dali immediately flew into a rage upon hearing those words.

"Come, if you have the ability, come and try me. This young master is happy, that’s why I decided to save your family. If you are to make this young master unhappy, all of you will die," Seeing Luo Dali wanting to fight, Xu Jialuo actually narrowed his eyebrows and emitted a chilly sensation from his eyes.

"You!!!" Seeing Xu Jialuo acting like that, Luo Dali started to gnash his teeth furiously. However, he did not dare to attack Xu Jialuo. After all, Xu Jialuo truly possessed the strength to slaughter him.

Overwhelmed with anger, Luo Dali looked to Luo Xiaofeng. He said, "Look at the good husband that you’ve found. See exactly what sort of person he is. He is simply inferior to even animals."

"You shut up! I refuse to allow you to speak ill of my big brother Jialuo!" Faced with Luo Dali’s reprimand, Luo Xiaofeng instead revealed an angry look. It was as if she would become her older brother’s enemy should he dare utter another word.

"Dali, you must not be disrespectful toward Jialuo."

"Dali, exactly what is wrong with you? How could you help an outsider like this?"

"Furthermore, that young man’s head has problems. Could you also have problems with your head? How could you call him your benefactor? With his cultivation, how could he possibly save you?" Even the others from the Luo Family began to speak on Xu Jialuo’s behalf.

Actually, how could they not be disgusted by Xu Jialuo’s actions? They too were feeling very displeased.

However, they knew very well that Xu Jialuo was the only person that could save them. As such, they felt that they had to flatter Xu Jialuo and comply with all of his demands.

"I... I..." Being targeted by his own family, Luo Dali felt even more grievance. Unable to help himself, he looked to Chu Feng, seemingly wanting Chu Feng to stand up for him.

"I have promised brother Luo. Thus, I will definitely save you all from this place. However, you will have to wait a bit longer."

"If something is to happen to you all before I verify what I want to verify, I’m afraid that I will not be able to save you all. Thus... it is best for you all to wait a bit longer."

"Later, I will bring you all away from here," Chu Feng said.

"Young man, you must be truly insane. With your cultivation, how could you possibly save us?" Luo Dali’s father looked to Chu Feng with a gaze filled with contempt and disdain.

"Father, what use is there for you to bother speaking with that crazy man? My big brother has gone retarded, are you also going to go retarded?" Luo Xiaofeng’s attitude was even more vile.

"If it wasn’t for the fact that you all are brother Luo’s family, I truly would not wish to save you all," Chu Feng shook his head with a smile on his face.

He did not get angry. People like them were not worthy of him getting angry over. All Chu Feng felt was that they were very lamentable people.

Even though the person that could save them was clearly before them, they were turning their backs to that person and looking at him with contempt.

This was precisely what they meant by being short-sighted.