Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3037 - The Powerful Chu Youyuan

“It’s them?”

When their gazes turned to Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi, it was not only the captured humans that were surprised; even the Bandit Beasts were surprised.

Even though Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi were at the apex of the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, their cultivations were simply mediocre when placed in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. In fact, they would be seen as being so weak that no one would bother to pay attention to them.

How could people like them be related to an expert like Chu Feng?

“Eeaaahh~~~”

Before they could think about the matter, the Bandit Beasts began to fall to the ground after screaming their hearts out.

Their bodies were completely torn apart, and their souls were completely shattered. After being tortured, they all died by Chu Feng’s hands.

In the end, only that rank three Heavenly Immortal Bandit Beast was still alive. However, he was in a very miserable state too, and was on the verge of dying.

“If you’re thinking that you’ve eliminated our race, then you are truly delusional! Our race was able to continue for so long because of something that you cannot possibly imagine! While it’s true that we will be killed by you, our race will not be extinguished! As for you... you are destined to pay for what you’ve done here today!” That rank three Heavenly Immortal Bandit Beast shouted loudly.

Even though he was clearly on the verge of dying, that Bandit Beast was actually still threatening Chu Feng.

“Bang~~~”

Right after he said those words, Chu Feng’s gaze shifted. Following a muffled explosion, that rank three Heavenly Immortal Bandit Beast turned into bloody water that splattered all over the ground.

The final Bandit Beast in that vast hideout had died by Chu Feng’s hands.

After killing that rank three Heavenly Immortal Bandit Beast, Chu Feng said to the people below, “All of you can go now.”

At that moment, Luo Xiaofeng and the others from the Luo Family were all startled. They did not dare to believe their ears.

Even though they’d insulted Chu Feng, he actually did not plan to kill them? This sort of broadness of heart was simply something that they’d never seen before.

Because of this, they felt very skeptical. Was Chu Feng... really planning to spare them?

“Milord, thank you for saving our lives, thank you for saving our lives,” while the people from the Luo Family were confused, the people from the two grand formations below all kneeled on the ground and began to express their thanks to Chu Feng by kowtowing to him.

After all, Chu Feng had truly saved them.

That said, Chu Feng did not have much of a reaction when faced with the crowd kowtowing to him to express their thanks. Instead, he flew over to Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi.

“Chu Feng. Boy, you have truly grown up. Tell me, exactly what level is your cultivation now?” Ying Mingchao immediately went up to Chu Feng after he landed. Even though he was still extremely weak, he was very energetic.

The reason for that was because he was feeling very delighted and spirited.

“Senior, I am a rank four Heavenly Immortal right now,” questioned by Ying Mingchao, Chu Feng would naturally not attempt to conceal his cultivation. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Heavens, you’re already a rank four Heavenly Immortal? If my memory is correct, boy, you were only a rank one True Immortal when we left the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.”

“In less than two years, you’ve become a rank four Heavenly Immortal already. The speed of your progress is simply more and more frightening. Truly frightening, truly frightening.”

“Haha, as expected of the brother of I, Ying Mingchao. I have not misjudged you,” Ying Mingchao strongly patted Chu Feng’s shoulder, and was openly praising him.

Ying Mingchao was very surprised. Back in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, the True Immortal realm was the peak level of cultivation for martial cultivators. Those that were capable of reaching the True Immortal realm would stand at the apex of the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.

The barrier to the True Immortal realm had blocked the great majority of people in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm. It was a barrier that many people would not be able to break through in their entire life.

As for Chu Feng, he was actually able to mature to a rank four Heavenly Immortal in less than two years’ time. Chu Feng’s talent had surpassed Ying Mingchao’s imagination.

After all, to the people of the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, True Immortal was already a far-fetched dream. As for Heavenly Immortal, they would not even dare to dream about it.

“Senior, please stop praising me. You should sit down and allow me to continue to heal your injuries,” Chu Feng supported Ying Mingchao and spoke with great concern.

At that moment, what Chu Feng was worried about the most was Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi’s well-being.

“Chu Feng, let this old man treat their injuries. What you should do now is find the treasures here,” right at that moment, an old man’s voice sounded.

It was Chu Youyuan.

“Chu Feng, this person is?” Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi both looked to Chu Youyuan, who was swaying back and forth as he walked toward them with a walking stick in hand.

“Seniors, I’ve forgotten to make introductions. This person is a senior I encountered in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. He is also my benefactor, the person who saved my life, Lord Youyuan.”

“Lord Youyuan, these two are my seniors from the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm...” Chu Feng walked forward and began to make introductions.

“Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi. I know,” however, before he could finish introducing Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi, Chu Youyuan spoke with a smile on his face.

He actually knew about Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi.

However, upon thinking about it, that was not surprising either. After all, Chu Youyuan even knew about Chu Feng’s Demon Armament. Likely, he had investigated Chu Feng thoroughly.

Thus, it would be natural for him to know about other things regarding the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.

That said, what was surprising was that after Chu Youyuan walked over to Ying MIngchao and Zi Xunyi, that old man who possessed a very high status even within the Chu Heavenly Clan, actually bowed respectfully to Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi. In a very grateful manner, he said, “Thank you for looking after Chu Feng in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.”

“Lord Youyuan, you must not do this, must not do this,” seeing this, Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi hurriedly rushed forth to stop Chu Youyuan from continuing. However, they did not dare to actually approach Chu Youyuan. Thus, they were at a loss as to what to do.

Even though they were indeed top characters in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, they were still very nervous before Chu Youyuan.

Judging from the way Chu Feng had introduced him, they were able to tell that Chu Youyuan was most definitely not an ordinary person in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

They felt that Chu Youyuan was likely much more powerful than the current Chu Feng. To the two of them at that moment, a person that powerful would simply be akin to a god. As such, how could they not revere and respect him?

“We’re all family. This old man will not be courteous, so the two of you need not regard me as an outsider either. Quickly, sit down. This old man will treat your injuries,” Chu Youyuan said with a wave of his hand.

“Thank you senior,” Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi stopped hesitating. They bowed to Chu Youyuan gratefully, and then sat down simultaneously.

Chu Youyuan also sat down cross-legged. He waved his sleeve, and spirit power enveloped Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi.

When Chu Feng saw the spirit power Chu Youyuan unleashed, he also revealed a surprised expression.

The reason for that was because Chu Youyuan’s spirit power was not only Exalted-level, it was also Dragon Mark.

Not only was Chu Youyuan an Exalted level expert, but he was also a Dragon Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist.

Dragon Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritists were the strongest world spiritists in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

As for rank two Exalted, it was also a cultivation that could look down on everyone in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

Both his martial cultivation and level as a world spiritist had reached the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s pinnacle.

It was only at that moment that Chu Feng truly realized how powerful Chu Youyuan was.

It was no wonder Chu Youyuan would be tasked with guarding a place as important as the Nine Moons Sacred Domain all by himself. He truly possessed the ability to do so.

After Chu Youyuan waved his hand, the others present all noticed that the spirit power Chu Youyuan unleashed was no small matter.

Even Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi Revealed astonished expressions.

Merely by feeling it, they were able to tell how powerful Chu Youyuan’s spirit power was. It was a power that they had never seen before, and never felt.

At that moment, they became even more certain that Chu Youyuan was a grand character.

“Chu Feng, you should’ve sensed it, right?” Chu Youyuan asked Chu Feng while treating Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi’s injuries.

“Senior, this junior has sensed it. The treasures are actually located underneath the formations,” Chu Feng pointed below.

“In that case, stop hesitating. Go ahead and begin,” Chu Youyuan said with a smile.

As Chu Youyuan spoke, he, Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi, who were all sitting on the ground, actually started floating at the same time.

Not only did the three of them float into the air, but they also moved far away from the two strange formations below.

Chu Youyuan was giving Chu Feng space to act.