Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3044 - Seeking The Sacred Ground

“According to the description provided by Mingchao and Xunyi, that place is indeed the location where the Abyss Elf Clan lived in the past, the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground. That said, while a lot of people have seen it before, no one has ever managed to enter it. I truly never expected that Mingchao and Xunyi would be able to enter it.”

After saying those words, Chu Youyuan looked to Chu Feng, “Chu Feng, since you’d also been sucked into a vortex, did you not encounter anything?”

Chu Feng hesitated slightly. However, after thinking about all that Chu Youyuan had done for him, Chu Feng decided to trust Chu Youyuan and tell him the truth.

“This junior entered the Primal Sea Sacred Mountain,” Chu Feng said.

“You actually entered the Primal Sea Sacred Mountain?” Chu Youyuan was very surprised upon hearing those words.

“However, as the Primal Sea Sacred Mountain was too dangerous, I left it,” Chu Feng said.

“Unbelievable,” Chu Youyuan’s eyes were filled with surprise.

“I also have a close friend by the name of Wang Qiang. He is that person who has appeared in the Void Sacred Tree. He even carved words on the Void Sacred Tree,” Chu Feng said.

“There’s actually such a thing...” The astonishment in Chu Youyuan’s eyes grew even stronger upon hearing those words. Then, he started to contemplate.

After a short while, he slowly said, “Vortexes are generally very rarely seen in the Stairway to Heaven. Even if vortexes are to appear, they will not possess that sort of power.”

“The vortexes that you all encountered were most definitely no ordinary vortexes,” Chu Youyuan said with a very determined tone.

Actually, even without Chu Youyuan saying it, Chu Feng already guessed that to be the case.

He felt that it was possible that someone was helping them from the shadows. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be such a coincidence where all of them were sent to locations in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm where not even the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were able to enter

Merely, what sort of person would possess such power to know all of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s legendary remnants like the back of their hand? Furthermore, that person was even able to send people into those remnants at will.

One must know that those were things that not even the Chu Heavenly Clan was capable of doing.

After being silent for a while, Chu Youyuan asked Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi, “Do you two still remember the location of that ravine?”

“We do,” Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi said in unison.

“Let’s go there right away,” Chu Youyuan said.

Then, the four of them proceeded toward the location of the ravine according to Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi’s memories.

Actually, Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi were very unfamiliar with the topography of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

However, Chu Youyuan knew the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s topography very well. Thus, as long as they provided with him clues, Chu Youyuan was able to immediately determine the location they were talking about.

Thus, their journey there was very smooth.

Furthermore, with an expert like Chu Youyuan leading them, their speed was extremely fast.

In merely a short few days, they arrived at a plain.

It was a plain with no sign of human habitation. One could totally describe it as wild.

“Is this the place?” Chu Youyuan asked.

“This is it, this is the place,” Ying Mingchao said with certainty.

Then, he pointed ahead, “When we left that place, we came out from there. Upon leaving, we were unable to find a way back. The reason for that is because there is simply no trace of the ravine there at all.”

“It’s only natural for you all to not be able to find it. After all, that’s the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground we’re talking about here,” Chu Youyuan said.

“Chu Feng, let us search for it together. That said, do not have too much hope. After all, that Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground is ever-moving to begin with.”

“It might be possible that it is no longer on this plain now,” Chu Youyuan said.

“Mn,” Chu Feng nodded. Then, he activated his Heaven’s Eyes and began to examine the plain.

Upon inspecting the area, Chu Feng’s eyes immediately started shining. Under his Heaven’s Eyes, Chu Feng was able to see a subtle change.

“It’s over there,” Chu Feng suddenly turned around and pointed to a direction behind them.

At the same time as Chu Feng spoke, Chu Youyuan actually also spoke.

It would appear that Chu Youyuan, that Dragon Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist, possessed an extremely powerful observational ability as well. At the very least, it was not at all inferior to Chu Feng’s current Heaven’s Eyes.

Moreover, it was not only Chu Youyuan’s observational ability that was strong; his speed was also much faster than Chu Feng’s. At practically the very moment he discovered the abnormality, he immediately arrived at that location and began to set up a formation.

As for Chu Feng, he also arrived beside Chu Youyuan.

Seeing this, Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi hurriedly rushed over.

However, compared to the joyous expressions on Chu Feng and Chu Youyuan’s faces, Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi were puzzled.

The reason for that was because what was before them was clearly a grassland. They simply saw no trace of the so-called Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Buzz~~~”

Right at that moment, Chu Youyuan finished setting up his formation.

His formation was not very large. It resembled a mirror. Should one look through the mirror, one would discover that the location ahead had changed.

On the other side of the mirror was no longer an ordinary plain. Instead, it was a vast ravine.

The ravine was so vast that one simply could not see its borders. It looked like an isolated world.

Exotic plants filled the ravine. If the place they were at was the mortal world, then the ravine would be a paradise, a world of immortals.

“Sure enough, it is the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground!”

“If it wasn’t for me witnessing it myself, even this old man would not dare to believe that the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground truly exists.”

“Mingchao, Xunyi, this is all thanks to the two of you,” Chu Youyuan was very happy. He was extremely excited upon seeing the scene before him.

One had to know that this was the first time Chu Youyuan had seen the legendary Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground.

After that, Chu Youyuan extended his hand to attempt to enter the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground.

However, as his hand approached the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground, he was blocked by an invisible barrier.

“Sure enough, we can’t enter it,” Seeing this, Chu Feng and the others were slightly startled.

They were certain that it was not that easy to enter the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground.

However, upon realizing this, they felt somewhat dispirited.

If they weren’t able to enter it, what use was there in finding it?

“It’s alright, let this old man have a try,” Right at that moment, Chu Youyuan waved his sleeve. Immediately, boundless spirit power burst out of his body.

Chu Youyuan was setting up a formation.