Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3048 - Frightened

Holding the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet in his hand, Chu Feng was able to clearly sense the change that was occurring in it.

There was no need to mention how precious a treasure the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet was.

It was a most valuable treasure, a heaven-defying treasure that was capable of transforming a group of people that were extremely lacking in talent for martial cultivation into a group of cultivation experts. It was much more valuable than the Utmost Exalted Wrist Protector on Chu Feng’s right wrist.

It was truly a treasure that was capable of bringing forth a bloody war in the martial cultivation world.

Chu Feng was overjoyed. After all, if the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet was able to regain its power, it would be a truly joyous matter for Chu Feng.

Unfortunately, it seemed that the power within the abyss was limited.

At the very least, the power within the abyss at Chu Feng’s current location was limited.

Thus, if Chu Feng wanted to have his Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet continue to absorb more of the abyss’s power, he must continue to descend.

Sure enough, as Chu Feng descended, the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet started to tremble again. Furthermore, its trembling this time around was much more intense than last time. This meant that as Chu Feng continued deeper into the abyss, the intensity of the power within the abyss also increased.

Chu Feng began to speed up his descent. The reason for that was because the power being absorbed by his Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet grew more concentrated the further down he went. In turn, the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet would awaken faster.

“Holy! What is that?!” However, after descending very far into the abyss, Chu Feng’s expression suddenly changed.

He was shocked to discover that there was a corpse floating nearby. That corpse was floating in midair just like that.

That corpse was wearing very grand clothing. However, its body had turned into bones. For martial cultivators that had reached a certain level of cultivation, their bones would be treasures even in death. Their bones would emit a faint brilliance. However, that pile of bones was completely dim and lightless.

Chu Feng had witnessed a scene like that before.

There was only one reason why a pile of bones would end up in such a state. That is, its source energy had been refined, sucked dry by someone.

That said, what was frightening about the pile of bones was most definitely not the fact that its source energies had been sucked dry.

The pile of bones was incomplete. It was lacking an arm and a leg.

Furthermore, there were visible scratch marks on the remains of the bones that were floating in midair.

This meant that the owner of the pile of bones had been tortured to death. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

To encounter such a corpse in such an eerie place, how could Chu Feng not be frightened?

“Is that an Abyss Elf?” Her Lady Queen also noticed the corpse.

“I don’t know,” Chu Feng said.

“Chu Feng, do not continue downward. This place is extremely fishy,” Her Lady Queen said.

“Let me continue a bit longer. I do not wish to have journeyed here in vain.”

At that moment, Chu Feng’s Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet had stopped absorbing the abyss’s power.

If Chu Feng wanted the Metamorphosis Mysteryrealm Bracelet to continue to absorb power, he would have to descend further.

As such, Chu Feng continued his descent. However, as Chu Feng descended further, he saw more and more corpses.

Originally, Chu Feng was only able to see a single corpse. However, Chu Feng’s field of view was now filled with skeletal remains. Their numbers were so vast that one simply could not determine how many corpses there were.

Furthermore, those corpses were all wearing the same sort of outfit.

Furthermore, some corpses possessed title plates on them. On those title plates were the words: Abyss Elf Clan.

Their title plates verified their identity to Chu Feng. All those skeletal remains belonged to the Abyss Elves.

Chu Feng was unable to understand why they would be floating in the middle of the abyss after death.

However, that was not important. What Chu Feng wanted to know the most was how they had died, and who had killed them.

After all, they were a very powerful clan that even the Starfield Master Realm feared.

Exactly what sort of being was capable of massacring such a powerful race?

Furthermore, they’d done so using such a ruthless method.

“Turns out, the Abyss Elf Clan’s overnight disappearance from the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm was not because they left the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. Rather, they were completely massacred by someone.”

“Exactly who did they provoke? Exactly how enormous of a hatred was it for their enemy to kill them so ruthlessly?” Her Lady Queen asked.

“Clank, clank~~~”

Right at that moment, Chu Feng was able to faintly hear the sound of chains from the deep abyss.

“Chu Feng, why am I hearing the sounds of chains?” Her Lady Queen asked.

“I heard it too. It’s coming from the bottom of the abyss,” Chu Feng said.

“Huuu~~~”

Right after Chu Feng said those words, a boundless suction force emerged from the bottom of the abyss.

That suction power was so strong that all of the skeletal remains in Chu Feng’s field of view were sucked to the bottom of the abyss.

Even Chu Feng felt as if he were about to lose his grip on the wall.

“Chu Feng, this is strange, quick, you have to leave this place. There’s something at the bottom of this abyss. I can tell that thing is definitely not something good. Quickly, run away!” Even Her Lady Queen, who never feared anything, now shouted to Chu Feng nervously.

She was clearly unable to sense anything. Yet, she said that she was able to tell there was something malicious at the bottom. There could only be one explanation for that: intuition. It was Her Lady Queen’s intuition as an Asura World Spirit.

While Her Lady Queen had made her judgement of how dangerous that place was based on her intuition, Chu Feng felt that frightening aura.

After that suction power appeared, Chu Feng felt an extremely dangerous aura enveloping him.

Being enveloped by that aura, Chu Feng no longer felt as if he were in hell. Instead, he was simply actually in hell. Even breathing became very difficult.

With the situation being like that, how could Chu Feng possibly dare continue to hesitate? He immediately unleashed his full power and began to rapidly climb up the wall.

Fortunately, although that suction power was very strong, it was unable to drag Chu Feng down into the abyss. Furthermore, as Chu Feng continued to climb upward, the suction power started growing weaker.

In the end, Chu Feng managed to successfully climb out of the abyss.

At that moment, Chu Feng was dripping with sweat. He noticed that even his legs were shivering.

Very rarely would Chu Feng be scared to such a degree. This time around, he was truly scared.

Chu Feng turned around and discovered that the crack still looked the same as before.

Furthermore, now that he was on the surface, Chu Feng was no longer able to hear those chains, nor was he able to sense that fatal aura. It was as if nothing had ever happened.

However, Chu Feng knew that the danger in that crack was definitely real. There was definitely some sort of frightening existence at the bottom of this abyss.

“Chu Feng, quickly, we must get out of this place,” Her Lady Queen urged.

“Mn,” Chu Feng nodded.

Then, Chu Feng began to run toward the location where Ying MIngchao and Zi Xunyi were with his fastest speed.

After finding Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi, Chu Feng immediately brought them out of the ravine without explaining anything.

Chu Feng wanted to quickly find Chu Youyuan and explain what happened in the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground to him.

“What is that?”

However, right after Chu Feng left the ravine, he was surprised to discover that the plain outside the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground...

...had changed!!!