Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3049 - True Calamity

What had changed was not the plain. Rather, it was the sky above the plain.

An enormous vortex had appeared in the blue sky, above the white clouds .

That vortex was so enormous that it actually covered half of the sky, making it impossible to not notice it.

Furthermore, that vortex was very strange; it was actually dark black. As the vortex spun, the surrounding space was being distorted. That dark black vortex seemed capable of engulfing everything.

At a glance, it was very frightening.

“Chu Feng, you’ve come out. How was it, did you make any discoveries inside?” Chu Youyuan noticed the return of Chu Feng, Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi.

“Mn, Lord Youyuan, I’ve made an enormous discovery,” Chu Feng said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What sort of discovery?” Chu Youyuan asked.

“The Abyss Elf Clan were completely massacred,” Chu Feng said.

“They were massacred?” Hearing those words, Chu Youyuan’s expression changed.

“That’s right. I saw their remains. They died miserably. They were tortured to death.”

“However, what’s most important is that there is some sort of frightening being at the depths of the Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground. I am uncertain if that frightening being was the criminal behind the massacre of the Abyss Elf Clan.”

“However, I am certain that frightening being was emitting the Ancient Era’s aura. It’s very possible for that thing to be an existence from the Ancient Era,” Chu Feng said.

“There’s actually such a thing?” Upon hearing those words, Chu Youyuan frowned and started to ponder.

“Milord, we must leave this place quickly. I am uncertain if that thing will chase after us,” Chu Feng said.

“You don’t have to worry about that. The Elf Clan’s Sacred Ground has existed for such a long time, if there really is a frightening existence from the Ancient Era inside, it would’ve already come out and massacred the people of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm should it have wanted to. There’s no reason for it to have waited till now.”

“In other words, if it truly possessed the power to massacre the Abyss Elf Clan, you would not have been able to return alive. Even if we are to flee now, we would not be able to flee,” Chu Youyuan said.

Hearing Chu Youyuan’s words, Chu Feng felt that they were very reasonable.

If the being at the bottom of the abyss was truly the culprit behind the Abyss Elf Clan’s massacre, truly no one would be able to stop it should it want to unleash such a massacre again.

Unless... it too was powerless at present. In other words, even if it wanted to unleash a massacre, it would not be able to. After all... it was trapped.

Otherwise, why would there have been the sounds of chains?

Merely, who could possibly seal a being that powerful?

Chu Feng’s heart was filled with questions.

“Milord, in that case, what is going on here?” Suddenly, Chu Feng pointed at the enormous black vortex in the sky above.

“That... is likely a calamity to our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm,” Chu Youyuan’s frown grew even deeper as he looked to the sky.

“Calamity?”

“Milord, exactly what is going on?” Chu Feng grew even more worried.

For Chu Youyuan to describe that dark black vortex as a ‘calamity’ revealed how dangerous that vortex was.

“That vortex is called the Upper Realm Gate,” Chu Youyuan said.

“Upper Realm Gate?” This was the first time Chu Feng had heard of such a thing.

“The Upper Realm Gate is a giant gate that connects the various Upper Realms.”

“Reportedly, during the Ancient Era, every Upper Realm in the Ancestral Martial Starfield possessed multiple Upper Realm Gates, with each connected to a different Upper Realm.”

“At that time, practically all of the Upper Realms in the Ancestral Martial Starfield were interconnected.”

“Later on, for some unknown reason, the Upper Realms Gates closed. Just like the Ancient Era, the closure of the Upper Realm Gates was a riddle to us.”

“That said, occasionally, Upper Realm Gates would open again. Furthermore, whenever a Upper Realm Gate opened, it would never disappear again,” Chu Youyuan said.

“In other words, that is a gate leading to another Upper Realm?” Chu Feng asked.

“That is correct,” Chu Youyuan nodded.

“In that case, why did you say that it’s a calamity?” Chu Feng asked.

“After the Ancient Era, the Upper Realm Gates rarely opened in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.”

“However, as long as an Upper Realm Gate opened, it would connect the two Upper Realms.”

“However... a single world can only tolerate a single overlord.”

“It would be one thing if the other side of this gate were an Upper Realm inferior to our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. However, if it’s an Upper Realm stronger than our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, then our Chu Heavenly Clan’s status as the overlord of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm might change hands,” Chu Youyuan said.

“There’s actually such a thing?” Chu Feng also started to frown upon hearing those words.

Although Chu Feng disliked a great majority of the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan, it remained that the Chu Heavenly Clan was his clan, his family. It was also his father and grandfather’s clan, their family.

The Chu Heavenly Clan was only able to achieve their current accomplishments thanks to their Old Ancestor, Chu Yetianhong.

If something were to truly happen to the Chu Heavenly Clan, it would definitely not be something that Chu Feng would wish to see. Furthermore, Chu Feng firmly believed that it would also not be something that his father and grandfather would want to see.

“But... is the ruler of the Ancestral Martial Starfield going to ignore this?”

“Are they really going to turn a blind eye and allow two Upper Realms to fight one another to the death?” Chu Feng asked.

Chu Feng felt that, as the ruler, the overlord, of the entire Starfield, the so-called Starfield Master Realm should be responsible for the peace of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

They should not allow the Ancestral Martial Starfield to enter troubled times where Upper Realms could campaign against other Upper Realms.

“On the surface, they will concern themselves with this sort of thing. However, they will actually turn a blind eye, and not really do anything about it.”

“Do not forget that battle is the nature of martial cultivators. If cultivators do not fight, and the world became peaceful, how many people would be willing to pursue strength?” Chu Youyuan said.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng nodded. He was unable to refute those words.

“Milord, in that case, what should we do?” Chu Feng asked.

“We can only hope for the ruler of the other side of this Upper Realm Gate to be weaker than our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. Otherwise... this battle is likely inevitable,” Chu Youyuan said.

“Must we resign ourselves to fate?” Chu Feng greatly disliked resigning things to fate. Unfortunately, he was powerless to do anything in such a situation.

For an Upper Realm Gate to suddenly appear was simply the will of heaven.

As such, they could only resign themselves to fate as to whether or not the Upper Realm Gate would bring fortune or misfortune.

With the situation being like that, Chu Feng and Chu Youyuan could only gaze at the Upper Realm Gate before them.

They did not possess extravagant hopes that the Upper Realm Gate would bring good news after it opened. They merely hoped for it to not bring bad news.

“Chu Feng, do not worry too much about this. What if the other side of the Upper Realm Gate is an Upper Realm that is weaker than your Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm? If that’s the case, wouldn’t your Chu Heavenly Clan’s territory increase in size?” Her Lady Queen comforted Chu Feng. She was able to tell that Chu Feng was worried about the Chu Heavenly Clan’s safety.

“That’s also possible. Let’s hope that’s the case,” Chu Feng said.

“Buzz~~~”

Right at that moment, the central region of that dark black vortex started to change. It was no longer pitch black. A light was emerging from that place.

At that moment, Chu Feng and Chu Youyuan’s eyes became very stern.

They knew that the Upper Realm Gate was about to open completely.

They also knew that they would soon find out which Upper Realm was located on the other side of the Upper Realm Gate.