Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3053 - Li Heavenly Clan’s Argument

Chu Youyuan was simply unable to see the Li Heavenly Clan’s army gathered on the other side of the Upper Realm Gate.

Likewise, even though Chu Youyuan, Ying Mingchao and Zi Xunyi were standing on the plain, the people from the Li Heavenly Clan were only able to see the plain, and not Chu Youyuan and the others.

It turned out that the image shown by the Upper Realm Gate was only there to inform both sides of where the other side of the Upper Realm Gate was connected to. It did not show images of anyone on the other side.

At that moment, more and more people were gathering on the Li Heavenly Clan’s side. It was not only the younger generations; the majority of them were actually people of the older generation.

Leading them were a man and a woman, both elderly.

Both of them were extremely old, so old that all of their teeth had fallen out of their mouths. Their skin was filled with so many folds that it was scary to look at. Not only were they unable to stand straight, but the amount of hair on their heads was also extremely sparse. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Their appearance simply resembled dying people that had walked out of their tombs.

That said, the two of them possessed extremely robust auras. Their auras were much stronger than Chu Youyuan and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elders.

“Milord and Milady, Lord Clan Chief is currently still in closed-door training. How should we handle this matter?”

“Milord, Milady, this matter concerns our Li Heavenly Clan’s continued existence. Please make a decision.”

Suddenly, the people behind the old man and the old woman all kneeled uniformly on the ground.

They were not people of the younger generation or people with ordinary status. Instead, they were all the Li Heavenly Clan’s elders. They were people that possessed both strength and status.

However, at that moment, they were extremely worried, so worried that they began to question the two elderly people.

“What’s there to be nervous about? No matter what, our Li Heavenly Clan is one of the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s Ten Great Heavenly Clans.”

“It is merely the opening of an Upper Realm Gate, how could you all be this scared of it?”

“What a disgrace!”

The old lady coldly berated the crowd behind her. Her shout caused the surrounding space to tremble.

After being berated by the old lady, everyone from the Li Heavenly Clan immediately shut their mouths.

It turned out that the Li Heavenly Clan still had no idea which Upper Realm was on the other side of the Upper Realm Gate.

Because of that, they were also worrying, worrying that the other side of the Upper Realm Gate would be a power stronger than their Li Heavenly Clan. Should that happen, the opening of the Upper Realm Gate would be extremely detrimental to them.

At that moment, the old man and the old woman were both holding a scroll in their hands. Contained within those scrolls was a formation. Following the movement of their eyes, the scrolls began to change. Gradually, one could tell that they were maps.

Suddenly, the old man put the scroll in his hand away, looked at the Upper Realm Gate above and said, “It’s determined, that is the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm ruled by the Chu Heavenly Clan.”

Following that, the old lady also put her scroll away and said, “Indeed, that is the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.”

Different from the old man, when that old lady determined the other side of the Upper Realm Gate to be the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, the corners of her mouth lifted into a smile.

It was not merely a smile of ease. Rather, it was a smile of joy.

Upon hearing what the two Supreme Elders said, everyone from the Li Heavenly Clan, regardless of whether they were old or young, all revealed ecstatic expressions.

Their mouths were blooming with the same sort of smile as that old lady.

“The Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, it’s actually the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm ruled by the Chu Heavenly Clan.”

“The heavens are helping us, truly the heavens are helping us. The heavens want our Li Heavenly Clan to expand our territory.”

Overjoyed, many people started laughing and began to make arrogant declarations. It was as if the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm was already theirs.

At that moment, several of the Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations asked, “Milords, in that case, we don’t need to enter the Upper Realm Gate and alter the main formation inside, right?”

They were eight people, five men and three women.

The men all possessed impressive and handsome appearances. As for the women, they were all beauties.

As for their cultivations, they were even more outstanding. They were all Heavenly Immortals.

They had gathered there for the same purpose as Chu Feng. If it was determined that the other side of the Upper Realm Gate was an Upper Realm that their Li Heavenly Clan was no match for, they would immediately dispatch those eight people of the younger generation and have them find and destroy the Upper Realm Gate’s main formation so as to slow down the operation of the Upper Realm Gate, giving them time to prepare for the invasion.

But now that they’d discovered the other side of the Upper Realm Gate to be a power inferior to their Li Heavenly Clan, those younger generations felt that there was no need for them to enter it anymore.

“You all must still enter the Upper Realm Gate. As we have discovered the Upper Realm Gate, it is also possible for the Chu Heavenly Clan to have discovered the Upper Realm Gate.”

“The legends regarding the Upper Realm Gates are not only known to our Li Heavenly Clan; the Chu Heavenly Clan also knows about it.”

“If they have determined that the Upper Realm connected to their Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm is our Li Heavenly Clan’s, they will definitely dispatch their younger generations to destroy the main formation,” That Li Heavenly Clan’s old lady said.

“In that case, Lady Supreme Elder, should we enter right now?” The younger generations asked.

“Is there even a need to ask? Quickly, enter immediately,” That old lady ordered.

Hearing those words, the eight people of the younger generation immediately prepared themselves to enter the Upper Realm Gate.

“Wait,” However, right at this moment, the old man waved his hand and said, “Although our Li Heavenly Clan and the Chu Heavenly Clan do not possess a very friendly relationship, we have no conflict with one another either.”

“Although the opening of the Upper Realm Gate means that our Li Heavenly Clan is destined to be neighbors with the Chu Heavenly Clan, it does not mean that we must necessarily seize the Chu Heavenly Clan’s territory by force.”

“Thus, we should let nature take its course.”

“Let nature take its course?” Hearing those words, the old lady’s mouth turned crooked. She said, “Are we to miss out on such a great opportunity?”

“Great opportunity? What sort of great opportunity are you speaking of?” That old man asked.

“It would naturally be the opportunity to occupy the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm and expand our Li Heavenly Clan’s territory,” That old woman said.

“Why must we expand our territory?”

“We are two different Upper Realms, two different planets. What’s wrong with us each doing our own things? Must we absolutely determine the victor and loser?” The old man asked.

“Us each doing our own things? Your way of thinking is truly optimistic.”

“Let me ask, if the other side of the Upper Realm Gate were not the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, but instead an Upper Realm stronger than our Li Heavenly Clan’s Upper Realm, would they be willing to let us each do our own thing?! Would they be willing to let us go?!” The old lady asked loudly.