Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3058 - Li Tianyou

"There’s no need for thanks, those are merely things that this old man should do."

"Your parents died fighting for our Li Heavenly Clan. It is this old man’s responsibility to take care of you siblings."

"Back then, because this old man was in closed-door training, I actually allowed that girl Li Yue’er to be bullied by others. She even left our clan because of that. That was this old man’s failure in duty. That Li Clan’s Ancestral Formation is merely this old man making up for his failure."

"Rest assured. As long as this old man is here, no one in the Li Heavenly Clan will dare bully you sisters again," Berserker Li spoke those words very loudly.

He was saying those words for everyone present to hear.

The people from the Li Heavenly Clan also knew that those words were meant for them. Thus, they all lowered their heads silently.

Indeed, after Li Ming died, none of them had upheld their responsibility to look after Li Yue’er. Because of that, they, to a greater or lesser degree, felt ashamed of themselves.

Of course, there were also a lot of people that were not ashamed of their behavior. Instead, they were purely afraid that Berserker Li would make trouble for them.

Berserker Li had already made trouble for many people after he left his closed-door training. He had done so just to appease Li Ruochu.

Suddenly, Berserker Li turned to ask Li Ruochu, "Ruochu, do you think the opening of this Upper Realm Gate is a good thing or a bad thing for our Li Heavenly Clan?"

"If this Upper Realm Gate is connected to another Upper Realm, it would naturally be a good thing."

"However, as it is connected to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, Ruochu is also uncertain as to whether it is actually a good thing or not," Li Ruochu said.

"Girl, there are hidden implications behind your words," Berserker Li said with a laugh.

"Ruochu wouldn’t dare," Li Ruochu clasped her fist and lowered her head.

"I know that you’re worried about Chu Hanxian and his son Chu Xuanyuan."

"This old man must admit that Chu Hanxian and Chu Xuanyuan are indeed rare geniuses of our Ancestral Martial Starfield."

"However, Chu Hanxian has disappeared for many years. It is likely that he has already died."

"As for Chu Xuanyuan, his strength was naturally not something to look down on. However, as far as I know, their Chu Heavenly Clan’s Ancestral Martial Lower Realm’s forbidden area has a sort of power. That power would weaken one’s strength."

"Back then, Chu Xuanyuan offended the Starfield Master Realm. For the sake of protecting their Chu Heavenly Clan’s safety, he reached a compromise and allowed himself to be imprisoned in their Chu Heavenly Clan’s forbidden area in the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm."

"Even if he is still alive now, his cultivation should’ve decreased greatly. Thus, this old man feels that the current Chu Heavenly Clan is no longer one that we need to fear," Berserker Li said.

"But senior, that Chu Xuanyuan doesn’t seem to be such a foolish person, no?"

"How could he really ruin his own future prospects for the Chu Heavenly Clan’s safety?" Li Ruochu asked.

"Humph. Li Ruochu, could it be that you’re feeling that you know Chu Xuanyuan even better than Lord Berserker?"

Right at that moment, a voice filled with discontent was suddenly heard.

Turning to look, the person who spoke was someone that was less than a hundred years old, a person of the younger generation.

That man had the appearance of a young man. That said, while he had the appearance of a young man, he had a very imposing look, was very handsome, and even his aura was something that Li Youbin and the others could not compare to. Between his eyes, he gave off the domineering aura of a ruler.

His cultivation was that of a rank four Heavenly Immortal, an entire level of cultivation above Li Youbin.

This man was called Li Tianyou. Apart from Li Yue’er, he was the youngest genius of the Li Heavenly Clan.

He was also known to be one of the Li Heavenly Clan’s two geniuses with the greatest potential.

The other genius that shared the same reputation as him was his biological older brother, Li Anzhi.

Originally, Li Tianyou and his older brother Li Anzhi were the most optimal candidates to enter the Li Clan’s Ancestral Formation.

It was due to Li Ruochu’s return that Li Yue’er obtained what should originally have gone to one of them.

Because of this, Li Tianyou was extremely displeased with Li Ruochu. In fact, he was filled with hatred for her, extremely hostile toward her and would always oppose her.

"And here I was wondering who it was that had spoken this forcefully, so it was little brother Tianyou."

"Little brother Tianyou, are you still angry at me for being unable to enter the Li Clan’s Ancestral Formation?"

"Actually, I feel that you are doing more than is required. After all, the reason you were unable to enter the Li Clan’s Ancestral Formation is because your talent is inferior to Yue’er’s. It has nothing to do with me," Li Ruochu said with a smile on her face.

"Bullshit! How could I be less talented than Li Yue’er?!" Li Tianyou was immediately furious upon hearing those words. He pointed at Li Ruochu and cursed loudly.

"Impudent!" Right after Li Tianyou said those words, Berserker Li immediately shouted him down and took a stern glance at him.

Seeing that glance, Li Tianyou’s expression immediately changed. He had an expression as if he had fallen in hell.

"This old man was the one who directed the talent test that day. For you to be dissatisfied with the result, are you indicating that this old man discriminated in Li Yue’er’s favor?!" Berserker Li asked angrily.

"Lord Berserker, that is most definitely not Tianyou’s intention. Tianyou would not dare question your test," Li Tianyou hurriedly half-knelt in midair.

Actually, Li Tianyou knew very well that Berserker Li was discriminating in favor of Li Yue’er. The reason for that was because that test was extremely unfair. Basically, whoever Berserker Li declared to be the strongest was deemed the strongest.

That said, even if he was unable to accept the result and dared to go seek out Li Ruochu and vent his anger at her, he would not dare to do the same toward Berserker Li.

"You shouldn’t be apologizing to this old man. Instead, you should be apologizing to your older sister Ruochu," Berserker Li pointed to Li Ruochu.

However, hearing those words, Li Tianyou immediately revealed a difficult expression.

He was a very unyielding person, someone with high integrity. While he was afraid of Berserker Li, he detested Li Ruochu. He would apologize to Berserker Li without any hesitation. However, if he was asked to apologize to Li Ruochu, he would find it very difficult to do.

"They’re out," right at that moment, the expressions of the crowd present all changed.

They had noticed that the people of the younger generation that had entered the Upper Realm Gate had come out.

However, they who originally had joyous expressions on their faces now revealed a change in expression.

The reason for that was because they had noticed that there were three people among their Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations that had just exited the Upper Realm Gate who were injured. Furthermore, one among them was the strongest of the eight, Li Youbin. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Lord Supreme Elder, please uphold justice for us," after Li Youbin and the other seven exited the Upper Realm Gate, they immediately saw Berserker Li and reacted as if they have discovered their backer.

With no concern for their injuries, they hurriedly half-knelt in mid-air with grievance-filled expressions.