Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3062 - Saintly Stellar Monk

That person was a monk. That monk had a very long beard; it was actually three meters long, longer than even his height. However, that monk’s beard did not reach the ground. Instead, it seemed to be naturally floating in midair.

Furthermore, if one were to look closely, one would see that the monk was emitting flickering starlight from his body. It was as if there were a myriad of stars spinning around his body.

Anyone with knowledge knew who that monk was. He was no ordinary character. Instead, he was a grand character throughout the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

That monk had a nickname: Saintly Stellar Monk.

This Saintly Stellar Monk was one of the most powerful World Spiritists in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Furthermore, he had sparred against many people with world spirit techniques, and never once lost. It seemed that no one other than Grandmaster Liangqiu would be able to rival him.

Thus, there were people that believed the Saintly Stellar Monk to be the most powerful world spiritist in the Ancestral Martial Starfield apart from Grandmaster Liangqiu.

They believed him to be the second most powerful world spiritist in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

That said, the Saintly Stellar Monk’s strength was most definitely not limited to only his world spirit techniques.

As a martial cultivator, his cultivation was also very powerful. At the very least, his cultivation was stronger than everyone present. Even the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elders, including Chu Hanpeng, were no match for him.

With such a noble guest present, the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s experts would naturally have to yield the master seat to him.

At that moment, a stone case was placed on the table before the Saintly Stellar Monk.

Although that stone case looked very ordinary, no one was able to see through it. Placed inside that stone case was a gift.

It was a gift that the Saintly Stellar Monk brought with him. That gift would go to the final victor of the Heavenly Beloved Martial Competition.

That said, even though there were so many people present, the crowd’s eyes were not gathered on the main viewing platform. Instead, their eyes were focused on the battle stage.

There were two people on the battle stage.

One was Chu Zhiyuan, and the other was Chu Qing.

Chu Qing was already past the younger generation’s age, and should not have appeared on the battle stage.

The reason why he had appeared on the battle stage at that moment was because Chu Zhiyuan had issued a challenge against him.

Chu Zhiyuan challenged Chu Qing after defeating all of the younger generations that came to participate in the Heavenly Beloved Martial Competition.

At that moment, Chu Qing was defeated. The reason for that was because, no matter how powerful Chu Qing might be, he was still only a peak True Immortal.

However, when Chu Zhiyuan and Chu Qing were fighting, Chu Zhiyuan had revealed the strength of a Heavenly Immortal. Chu Zhiyuan was currently a rank one Heavenly Immortal.

“Amazing! That Chu Zhiyuan is actually a Heavenly Immortal. No wonder he defeated all of the younger generations so effortlessly.”

“So powerful. That Chu Zhiyuan is truly a well-concealed talent. Heavenly Immortal, a person of the younger generation actually managed to reach the Heavenly Immortal realm. He is truly deserving of the title of being the number one individual amongst the younger generations of our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.”

“No one other than him is worthy of the title of genius. Even if that despicable Chu Feng, who plotted against his own clansmen, were still alive, he would definitely not be Chu Zhiyuan’s match.”

“Chu Feng? Not to mention that he has died already, even if he were still alive, he would still not be qualified to fight against Chu Zhiyuan. After all, he could not even defeat Chu Ruoshi and the others.”

“That’s right. Although Chu Feng was extremely talented and was definitely a demon-level genius, he was still very young. His cultivation was still too weak. Even if he were still alive, he would not be a match for Chu Zhiyuan.”

“Alas, for our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm to have a person of the younger generation like Chu Zhiyuan, we will definitely rise in power in the future. Who in the Ancestral Martial Starfield will dare look down on our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm again?”

Upon witnessing Chu Zhiyuan’s cultivation, the people on the viewing platform, regardless of whether they were from the Chu Heavenly Clan or other powers, all began to praise Chu Zhiyuan nonstop.

Chu Zhiyuan had concealed his strength the entire time. It was only when the Heavenly Beloved Martial Competition began that he revealed his ability. Thus, to the crowd, Chu Zhiyuan was definitely a dark horse in the competition.

Watching the competition, Chu Zhiyuan had presented an enormous amount of pleasant surprises to the crowd. And now, Chu Zhiyuan had reached an irreplaceable level in the hearts of the crowd. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Not to mention that the crowd felt that Chu Feng had already died and his name was blackened, even if Chu Feng were still alive, they still felt that he would be far inferior to Chu Zhiyuan.

“Brother Zhiyuan, congratulations on reaching the Heavenly Immortal realm,” although Chu Qing was defeated and seriously injured, he did not possess any trace of complaint. Instead, he had a smile on his face as he congratulated Chu Zhiyuan.

However, Chu Zhiyuan only smiled disdainfully at Chu Qing’s congratulations. He did not appreciate it at all.

Chu Qing seemed to have anticipated this. Thus, he did not have much of a reaction, and dragged his seriously injured body off the battle stage.

Had it been before, an attitude like that from Chu Zhiyuan would bring about the crowd’s disgust.

However, it was different now. Chu Zhiyuan had become the fully-deserving heavenly-beloved genius of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

A genius of the younger generation like him had the qualifications to look down upon everything.

“Everyone, there is one thing that I must inform everyone of.”

“This matter concerns the life and death of our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. Thus, everyone, please quiet down and listen to this old man.”

Right at that moment, the number two expert of the Chu Heavenly Clan, Chu Hanpeng, suddenly stood up.

Chu Hanpeng currently had a very serious expression on his face.

His expression and the words he spoke made the crowd realize that what he was about to say was very serious.

“I believe everyone has heard of the Upper Realm Gate.”

“Currently, an Upper Realm Gate has opened in our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. Unfortunately, the other side of the Upper Realm Gate is the Great Li Upper Realm controlled by the Li Heavenly Clan,” Chu Hanpeng said.

“What?! The Upper Realm Gate opened on our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm?! The other side is the Li Heavenly Clan?!”

“Heavens! How could this be?! Could it be that the heavens want to bring ruin upon our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm?”

Upon finding out that the Upper Realm Gate had opened, all of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s experts were no longer capable of sitting tight. When they heard that the other side of the Upper Realm Gate was one of the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s Ten Great Heavenly Clans, the Li Heavenly Clan, their expressions immediately turned ashen.

In fact, there were even people among them that were shivering in fear and sweating cold sweat.

They all felt that a great catastrophe was about to befall their Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

“Although the opening of the Upper Realm Gate that connects to the Li Heavenly Clan is very detrimental for our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, everyone need not worry too much.”

“The reason for that is because the Li Heavenly Clan’s experts are still incapable of entering our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm right now,” Chu Hanpeng said.

“Still incapable of entering our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm? What is going on?”

Upon hearing what Chu Hanpeng said, the crowd all revealed curious expressions. They all wanted to know what had happened.

“As everyone knows, there is a main formation inside the Upper Realm Gate. If one is able to find that main formation and destroy it, the opening speed of the Upper Realm Gate will slow down considerably.”

“The Upper Realm Gate’s main formation has been destroyed. Right now, the opening of the Upper Realm Gate has slowed down considerably. This has given us the time to communicate with the Li Heavenly Clan. We might be able to resolve this crisis,” Chu Hanpeng said.

“There’s actually someone that destroyed the main formation? This is truly great!”

Hearing those words, the pale expressions that the crowd wore improved greatly. To them, this was an enormous blessing in an extremely unfortunate situation.

Suddenly, someone from among the crowd asked, “Milord, who is it that destroyed the Upper Realm Gate’s main formation?”

Once those words were said, the crowd all revealed curious expressions.

To be able to destroy the main formation and slow the opening speed of the Upper Realm Gate was simply akin to a heroic act for the people of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

At that moment, Chu Hanpeng smiled lightly. He said, “Actually, everyone already knows the person.”

“He is our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s number one person of the younger generation, Chu Zhiyuan.”

Chu Hanpeng pointed his finger toward Chu Zhiyuan, who was standing on the battle stage.