Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3063 - A Grand Gift

“What? It was actually Chu Zhiyuan?!”

“Chu Zhiyuan was the one to destroy the Upper Realm Gate’s main formation and slow its opening speed?!”

“That’s right, it should be him, it was most definitely him. Apart from him, who else among the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s younger generations could possibly accomplish such a feat?”

After hearing what Chu Hanpeng said, the crowd present immediately burst into an uproar.

Not to mention the others, even the Starfall Holy Land’s Holy Ruler, the Paradise Valley’s Valley Master and the other grand characters of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm revealed a change in their expressions as they looked to Chu Zhiyuan.

Not only that, but they even hurriedly stood up and began to clasp their fists respectfully toward him.

“Little friend Zhiyuan is truly our Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s hero. Please accept this old man’s respect.”

“Young hero Zhiyuan, please accept this old man’s respect.”

At that moment, those grand experts of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm actually all began to bow respectfully to Chu Zhiyuan.

This scene was very stunning. At least, it stunned the people of the younger generation present.

The people of the younger generation that were capable of being there were all extraordinary individuals.

However, as they looked to Chu Zhiyuan on the battle stage, they felt a feeling of distance.

They knew that the disparity between them and Chu Zhiyuan was already a day and night difference. If they were specks of stars in the starry sky, then Chu Zhiyuan would be the bright moon.

With the bright moon shining gloriously, the stars in the sky were destined to lose their splendor.

At that moment, even though there were countless grand characters present, the person that was shining the brightest was none other than Chu Zhiyuan.

“Seniors, please sit back down.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What I, Chu Zhiyuan, did was only what I’m supposed to do.”

“After all, I am not only a person from the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, I am also a member of the Chu Heavenly Clan.”

“Although I am still very young and very weak, I will go through water and tread on fire without any hesitation to protect our Chu Heavenly Clan,” Chu Zhiyuan clasped his fist.

“Well spoken! Truly a heroic young man, truly a heroic young man!”

Chu Zhiyuan was immediately met with applause after saying those words.

“Milord, you’re truly blessed with a great grandson,” many people even began to congratulate Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather.

With the situation being like that, that Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather’s aged face was smiling like a steamed stuffed bun. All of his wrinkles were creased together. His eyes were so narrowed that they resembled two lines.

He was truly overjoyed.

“Old fellow, it is all thanks to me that your grandson was able to enjoy such a glorious day. How are you going to thank me?”

Right at that moment, a voice transmission entered Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather’s ears.

It was Chu Haoyan’s grandfather.

It turned out that Chu Haoyan’s grandfather was the first person in the Chu Heavenly Clan that discovered the appearance of the Upper Realm Gate.

When he saw the Upper Realm Gate, the speed of the Upper Realm Gate’s opening had already slowed down.

It was not the first time he had seen an Upper Realm Gate. Thus, he knew that the slow speed of the Upper Realm Gate was abnormal.

However, he had no idea that the Upper Realm Gate’s main formation was destroyed.

Thus, their claim of the Upper Realm Gate’s main formation being destroyed was merely a fabricated lie.

As Chu Haoyan’s grandfather felt that he was the first person to witness the Upper Realm Gate in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, he possessed absolute speaking authority, and could thus say whatever he wanted.

And currently, the opening speed of the Upper Realm Gate was indeed very slow. As such, it was a great opportunity for them.

Originally, Chu Haoyan’s grandfather wanted to present this honor to his grandson, Chu Haoyan.

However, he felt that Chu Zhiyuan, with his inevitable rise in power, might consider his grandson a threat should he present such an honor to his grandson.

Even though Chu Haoyan’s grandfather and Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather were accomplices, there was no such thing as an eternal enemy or an eternal friend.

For their own benefits, it was inevitable that they would oppose each other one day. Thus, after considering things, Chu Haoyan’s grandfather felt that it would be very dangerous should Chu Haoyan become Chu Zhiyuan’s enemy based on the sort of character Chu Zhiyuan was.

As such, he decided to do a favor for Chu Zhiyuan and give the honor of saving the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm to Chu Zhiyuan.

“Rest assured, I will definitely not let you down,” Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather replied to Chu Haoyan’s grandfather through voice transmission.

“You will naturally have to thank me properly. Originally, you were against this, thinking there might be a mishap. It is only because I persuaded you that you agreed to it. See all this, you know who’s correct now, no?” Chu Haoyan’s grandfather said.

“Enough of your cutting remarks. After all, the Upper Realm Gate’s speed will not slow down for no reason at all. I was worried that someone had truly destroyed the main formation. If Zhiyuan is to stand forth and declare that it was done by him only to have the person who actually destroyed the main formation stand forth later, the situation will become very bad. That is the reason why I did not agree to it,” Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather said.

“How could that possibly be the case? I was the first one to discover that Upper Realm Gate. Granted, even if I wasn’t, which person of the younger generation would dare to enter it? Even if a person of the younger generation dared to enter it, who could possibly find the main formation?”

“Are you to say that the main formation was destroyed by the Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations? Perhaps the Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations possess such capability.”

“However, the opening of the Upper Realm Gate is an enormous opportunity for them. How could they destroy the Upper Realm Gate’s main formation, something so detrimental to them?”

“Thus, the way I see it, you were worrying for nothing and overthinking things.”

“Look... even with the announcement, no one is questioning Chu Zhiyuan. Everyone believes that the slowing of the Upper Realm Gate’s opening speed was done by Chu Zhiyuan,” Chu Haoyan’s grandfather said.

“Haha. Right, right, right. I was overthinking things earlier. It is all thanks to you. Rest assured, I will definitely repay you,” Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather replied with a laugh.

The others present were naturally unable to hear the conversation between those two old codgers.

In fact, only three people knew of Chu Zhiyuan’s fabrication in destroying the Upper Realm Gate’s main formation. They were Chu Haoyan’s grandfather, Chu Zhiyuan’s grandfather and Chu Zhiyuan himself.

Apart from the three of them, even Chu Haoyan and Chu Zhiyuan’s fiancee Chu Ruoshi did not know about the matter.

Of course, Chu Hanpeng, who had announced it earlier, also did not know the truth.

They all thought that the slowing of the Upper Realm Gate’s opening was truly Chu Zhiyuan’s contribution.

“A heroic young man, little friend Chu Zhiyuan is truly worthy of being the most heavenly-beloved genius of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.”

Right at that moment, the Saintly Stellar Monk stood up.

Once he stood up, everyone’s gaze shifted from Chu Zhiyuan to him.

After all, the Saintly Stellar Monk was the number two world spiritist in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

To the entire Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, he was a truly noble and honored guest.

“This old man has come with a gift.”

As the Saintly Stellar Monk spoke, he waved his sleeve. Then, the stone case on the table immediately opened.

After the stone case opened, an item floated out from it.

It was a sphere. The sphere was transparent. That sphere was a formation. It did not appear to be special at all.

However, inside that sphere was another item, a suit of armor.

That armor was fiery-red. The grain of the armor resembled scales as they interwove with one another in an orderly fashion. There were even surging flames. It was very beautiful. The armor looked as if it were composed of flames, and as if it were extremely extraordinary.