Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3079 - Time To Settle This

The two colossal secret skills that were over a thousand meters long both shrank to only a meter by the time they arrived beside Chu Feng. Then, they began to slowly revolve around Chu Feng.

However, to the crowd’s surprise, the Ancient Era’s War Sword and Ancient Era’s War Axe were not simply revolving around Chu Feng after shrinking to the size of a meter. As they revolved around Chu Feng, Chu Feng’s body started to emit a golden radiance.

The light emitted by Chu Feng was exactly the same as the light emitted by the two secret skills. At that moment, Chu Feng seemed to have fused with the Ancient Era’s War Sword and Ancient Era’s War Axe.

At that moment, Chu Feng abruptly waved the Incomplete Immortal Armament in his hand and sent forth a golden blade ray.

That golden blade ray was extremely dazzling. While the experts of the older generation were fine, those from the younger generation were unable to keep their eyes open in the face of that dazzling light.

“That is?”

At that moment, the eyes of the people of the Chu Heavenly Clan, such as Chu Xuanzhengfa, lit up.

They were able to tell with a single glance that the blade ray that Chu Feng sent forth was no ordinary blade ray. Instead, it was one of their Chu Heavenly Clan’s clan-protection Immortal Techniques.

Rank four Immortal Technique, Brilliant Light Slash.

Actually, whilst they were surprised by Chu Feng using their Chu Heavenly Clan’s clan-protection Immortal Technique, they were able to understand why he knew it.

After all, Chu Feng had accompanied their Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief for so long. Learning some of their Chu Heavenly Clan’s clan-protection Immortal Techniques from their Lord Clan Chief was normal.

Merely, even though the Brilliant Light Slash was powerful, it was only a rank four Immortal Technique. As such, could it possibly contend against Li Anzhi’s rank five Immortal Technique?

“Boom~~~”

At the moment when the crowd were asking this question in their hearts, Chu Feng’s rank four Immortal Technique, Brilliant Light Slash collided with Li Anzhi’s rank five Immortal Technique.

An astonishing scene appeared. That powerful rank five Immortal Technique actually collapsed at the first blow before Chu Feng’s rank four Immortal Technique. It was directly slashed in two. Then, it turned into glowing martial power that scattered into thin air.

Looking back to Chu Feng’s rank four Immortal Technique, even though it had weakened a lot, it was still extremely mighty. It was currently slashing toward Li Anzhi.

"Humph."

Seeing this, Li Anzhi let out a cold snort. He began to brandish the Incomplete Immortal Armament in his hand in a command-like motion. Then, a golden-bright and dazzling male lion appeared. That golden lion was not at all smaller than the golden rhinoceros from before. Its might was not at all inferior either. In fact, it was even more powerful.

That lion was also a rank five Immortal Technique.

As the lion roared, it appeared to be capable of swallowing rivers, the sun and the moon. However, no matter how powerful it was, when it collided with Chu Feng’s Brilliant Light Slash, it was still hacked in two before dissipating into thin air.

Chu Feng’s single rank four Immortal Technique actually managed to defeat two of Li Anzhi’s rank five Immortal Techniques in succession.

"What is going on? How could this be? Chu Feng actually managed to fuse the power of his secret skills with himself?"

"That’s an ability I’ve never seen before. Chu Feng had never used that before."

The crowd were all astonished. After the overwhelmingly powerful war axe and war sword shrank in size and began to revolve around Chu Feng like protective artifacts, the crowd were surprised to discover that the power of the two secret skills did not decrease at all. Furthermore, their power had fused with Chu Feng.

Earlier, no matter how powerful the Ancient Era’s War Sword was, it was the Ancient Era’s War Sword’s own power.

However, the Ancient Era’s War Sword’s heaven-defying battle power had now been transferred to Chu Feng.

That was also the reason why Chu Feng was able to defeat two of Li Anzhi’s rank five Immortal Techniques using a rank four Immortal Technique.

After all, when Chu Feng didn’t use his Incomplete Immortal Armament and Immortal Technique, the combined power of the Ancient Era’s War Sword and Ancient Era’s War Axe was already able to beat back Li Anzhi’s rank four Immortal Technique.

As for now, the battle power of the two secret skills had fused with Chu Feng. Furthermore, Chu Feng also had his Incomplete Immortal Armament to unleash a rank four Immortal Technique. As such, it was natural for him to be able to easily defeat Li Anzhi’s rank five Immortal Techniques.

This enormous power was granted to Chu Feng by the two secret skills.

That said, the crowd was still extremely surprised. They did not know how Chu Feng was able to fuse the battle power of the two secret skills with himself, allowing them to be used by him.

The reason for that was because they had never witnessed Chu Feng using such a technique before.

Only Chu Feng himself knew that the him from before did not possess full control of the Ancient Era’s War Sword before, due to his cultivation not being strong enough.

However, as Chu Feng’s cultivation reached the Heavenly Immortal Realm, Chu Feng gradually gained complete control of the power of the Ancient Era’s War Sword, and comprehended a deeper level of technique.

It was like the Five Elements Secret Skills. Not only was Chu Feng able to turn them into five different bodies of elements to fight alongside himself, but the Five Elements Secret Skills were also capable of saving his life by fusing with him, granting Chu Feng a practically undying and indestructible body when against those with similar strength to his own.

And now, Chu Feng’s newfound comprehension of the Ancient Era’s War Sword and Ancient Era’s War Axe allowed him to fully fuse them with himself, allowing him to gain the heaven-defying battle power of the Ancient Era’s War Sword and the extremely strong battle power of the Ancient Era’s War Axe.

In this sort of situation, even if Chu Feng did not use any weapons or Immortal Techniques, his enormous battle power was already sufficient to terrify his opponents.

If Chu Feng were to use weapons and Immortal Techniques, his opponents would naturally be no match for him.

"What are we to do now?"

At that moment, it was the Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations that started to panic.

Chu Feng was able to defeat Li Anzhi’s rank five Immortal Techniques using only a rank four Immortal Technique. By this accord, even if Li Anzhi were to use rank six Immortal Techniques, Chu Feng would be able to defeat them using rank five Immortal Techniques.

However, if Chu Feng were to attack Li Anzhi with a rank six Immortal Technique, how was Li Anzhi to handle that?

Even if the two of them were both demon-level geniuses, neither of them were capable of learning rank seven Immortal Techniques due to their current level of cultivation.

With the situation being like that, it was impossible for the Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations to not panic.

Seeing his clansmen panicking, Li Anzhi’s younger brother Li Tianyou shouted in a very displeased manner, "Why are you all panicking? My big brother did not become one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars with an underserved reputation!"

As Li Anzhi’s younger brother, Li Tianyou had a greater understanding of Li Anzhi compared to the other Li Heavenly Clansmen. Li Tianyou knew very well that his big brother was definitely not an ordinary person.

Whilst Chu Feng might possess heaven-defying techniques, his big brother also possessed heaven-defying techniques.

"It would appear that it’s time to settle this."

"Chu Feng, have you prepared yourself?" Li Anzhi asked Chu Feng.

"I’ve been waiting for a long time," Chu Feng said.

"Bang~~~"

Once Chu Feng said those words, blue gaseous flames began to pour out of Li Anzhi’s body. The blue gaseous flames were spinning about like a tornado. They completely enveloped Li Anzhi within them.

"Woosh~~~"

The next moment, Li Anzhi’s body shifted. Like a phantom, he started flying toward Chu Feng with extreme speed.

"That’s a speed-increasing Immortal Technique, the Li Heavenly Clan’s rank six Immortal Technique, Phantom Whirlwind," Chu Xuanzhengfa shouted loudly. He was shouting to warn Chu Feng to not lower his guard, because what Li Anzhi used was a rank six Immortal Technique.

However, Li Anzhi’s speed was simply too fast. At practically the moment when Chu Xuanzhengfa shouted to warn Chu Feng, he had already arrived in front of him. The Incomplete Immortal Armament in his hand was thrust toward Chu Feng.

Everyone was astonished by Li Anzhi’s thrust.

Even though Li Anzhi had unleashed a rank six Immortal Technique, that Immortal Technique of his was only an Immortal Technique to increase one’s speed, and not one to increase one’s battle power.

Thus, in terms of actual battle power, Li Anzhi was no match for Chu Feng. Even if his thrust was able to land on Chu Feng, it would likely be very difficult for him to injure Chu Feng.

Even more confusing were Chu Feng’s actions. He seemed to be prepared for Li Anzhi’s incoming thrust. He flipped his wrist and took out a square ruler. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

This square ruler was a meter wide and a meter long. It was completely black, and engraved with runes and symbols.

That square ruler was no ordinary square ruler. Instead, it was an Immortal Armament.

However, everyone knew that Immortal Armaments, no matter how powerful they might be, were weapons only Martial Immortals could use.

As a Heavenly Immortal, Chu Feng was simply unable to utilize the power of an Immortal Armament. Thus, it should be of no use for him to take out an Immortal Armament.

However, since it was useless, why then did he take it out?