Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3081 - Immortal Taboo Martial Skill

“Despicable and shameless bastard, prepare to die!”

Suddenly, boundless killing intent exploded out from Li Anzhi’s body.

Following that, Li Anzhi soared into the sky. With his Incomplete Immortal Armament in hand, he began to fly toward Chu Feng.

Whilst flying, the Incomplete Immortal Armament in his hand began to spin together with his arm. The Incomplete Immortal Armament formed countless bodies of light. Contained within those bodies of light were sharp purple blades. With surging lightning, they swept toward Chu Feng like a torrential rain.

Whilst Li Anzhi rushed forth to attack Chu Feng, Chu Feng’s body also shifted. He soared into the sky with his Immortal Armament in hand. He was like a warrior charging ahead all alone as he flew into the torrential rain of light.

The rays of light were very powerful. If Chu Feng were to be struck by them, he would definitely be injured, if not killed. This was even more so as there were so many of them.

That said, Chu Feng showed absolutely no fear. He began to wave around the Immortal Armament in his hand repeatedly. The purple light rays were being sliced apart by Chu Feng repeatedly.

In the blink of an eye, Chu Feng and Li Anzhi arrived before one another. The two of them raised their respective weapons at the same time. “Clank!” A loud explosion was heard as fiery sparks flew in all directions and energy ripples wreaked havoc. Li Anzhi was not only knocked back, but the Incomplete Immortal Armament in his hand was also knocked away.

Li Anzhi fell fiercely to the ground once again. At the same time, his Incomplete Immortal Armament also landed far away from him.

“This...”

At that moment, the crowd were all astonished. Even the experts of the older generation had faces filled with complicated expressions.

If Chu Feng’s opponent were someone else, they would not have reacted like this. After all, Chu Feng was an exceptional talent, someone publicly accepted to be a demon-level genius by the people of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

However, Chu Feng’s opponent was Li Anzhi, the strongest person of the Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations, one of the ten strongest people of the younger generation in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

However, such a Li Anzhi was actually powerless to fight back against Chu Feng.

“It’s useless. No matter how many times you attempt it, the result will be the same.”

“Li Anzhi, it is your defeat today.”

Chu Feng was holding his Immortal Armament and standing in the sky.

Chu Feng was most definitely not the strongest individual present.

However, standing there, Chu Feng resembled a ruler. All the younger generations felt fear upon looking at him.

This was especially true for the people of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm that had made an enemy out of Chu Feng before. They were filled with regret.

It was only at that moment that they realized how enormous of a disparity there was between them and Chu Feng.

It was only at that moment that they realized that they were truly not facing an ordinary member of the younger generation.

It was only at that moment that they realized why Chu Feng was Chu Hanxian’s grandson, Chu Xuanyuan’s son.

“Heh...”

“Hahahaha...”

However, at that moment. When everyone felt that the outcome of the battle was decided, Li Anzhi, who was lying on the ground, got back onto his feet. Furthermore, he had a cold smile on his face.

The crowd were all confused. They did not understand why Li Anzhi would be laughing. Could it be that he had been shocked by his defeat? Or could it be that it was because of something else?

Suddenly, Li Anzhi lifted his head up and looked at Chu Feng.

Li Anzhi’s eyes were not only filled with murderous desire, but his entire expression had changed.

His eyes resembled those of a ferocious beast. His gaze resembled sharp swords.

As he stared at Chu Feng, he flipped his wrist, and the Incomplete Immortal Armament that landed far away immediately started flying toward him, landing in his hand.

After holding the Incomplete Immortal Armament in his hand, Li Anzhi said, “Chu Feng, did you think you’ve won?”

“I, Li Anzhi, will let you know right now what sort of ability I, one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars, possesses.”

After he finished saying those words, Li Anzhi started to emit a boundless amount of Immortal-level martial power. The Immortal-level martial power turned into a tornado. It was spinning around Li Anzhi like a protective barrier.

Most importantly, it was more than a single tornado. One by one, tornadoes began to form. It was like countless blades were gathered together. After the tornadoes appeared, Li Anzhi’s aura also became even more powerful.

“That’s not an Immortal Technique. That’s an... Immortal Taboo Martial Skill!”

“Immortal Taboo Martial Skill? Not even Immortal Taboo Martial Skills should be that powerful, no?”

“Could it be the Li Heavenly Clan’s clan-protection technique, the Immortal Taboo Martial Skill, Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield?”

“That’s right, it is the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield. For an Immortal Taboo to be this powerful, it must be the Li Heavenly Clan’s clan-protection technique, the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield.”

After seeing the tornadoes surrounding Li Anzhi, many people began to exclaim in astonishment.

After they verified that the technique Li Anzhi was using was the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield, the crowd grew even more astonished.

The Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield was one of the Li Heavenly Clan’s strongest techniques.

Even their Li Heavenly Clan’s current clan chief had used that Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield to become famous throughout the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield in his youth.

That said, there were different levels of power among Immortal Taboo Martial Skills.

Without a doubt, this Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield possessed power surpassing that of rank six Immortal Techniques. It was even comparable to rank seven Immortal Techniques.

For a martial skill to be that powerful, it would naturally also be frighteningly difficult to learn.

There were even rumors saying that those below the Martial Immortal Realm were simply unable to master the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Yet, at that moment, Li Anzhi had unleashed it. With this, how could the crowd not be astonished?

It was only at that moment that the crowd realized why Li Anzhi would say those words.

Ancestral Martial Decastars. Perhaps this was the strength of the Ancestral Martial Decastars. They were true demon-level geniuses capable of accomplishing things that were impossible for ordinary people.

At the moment when they were astonished by how powerful Li Anzhi was, the crowd also couldn’t help but turn their eyes to Chu Feng.

This was especially true for the people that wanted Chu Feng to win. A trace of worry appeared in their eyes.

Using the heaven-defying battle power of the Ancient Era’s War Sword and Ancient Era’s War Axe, Chu Feng was able to suppress Li Anzhi when their battle power was the same.

If Li Anzhi were to unleash a rank six Immortal Technique, he would likely not be able to defeat Chu Feng.

However, he had now unleashed the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield that possessed power surpassing that of rank six Immortal Techniques.

With this, how was Chu Feng to respond?

“Amazing, truly amazing. Big brother Li Anzhi actually mastered the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield!”

“Tianyou, it is no wonder you were so confident in big brother Li Anzhi. You must have known about this, right?”

While Chu Xuanzhengfa and the others were worried for Chu Feng, the Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations were wild with joy.

The reason for that was because they also did not know that Li Anzhi had successfully mastered the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield.

Furthermore, as they were members of the Li Heavenly Clan, they knew better than anyone how difficult it was to learn the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield. At the same time, they also knew better than anyone how powerful the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield was.

Thus, they felt that Chu Feng was undoubtedly going to be defeated by Li Anzhi.

“Humph, regardless of how powerful that Chu Feng might be, he will not be able to defeat my big brother.”

Li Tianyou let out a cold snort. Then, he turned his eyes to Chu Feng. Hatred and impatience filled his eyes.

He was itching to see Chu Feng suffer a crushing defeat at the hands of his older brother.

He was certain that Chu Feng would be defeated by Li Anzhi.

His certainty was from none other than the fact that he possessed absolute confidence in the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield.

After all, the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield was one of the most powerful techniques in their Li Heavenly Clan that those under the Exalted Realm cultivation could master.