Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3084 - One’s Father Cannot Be Insulted

“End this battle?”

“What arrogance. What makes you think you’re capable of that?”

Once Chu Feng said those words, Li Anzhi immediately began to mock him.

Li Anzhi finally got an opportunity to ridicule and mock Chu Feng. He firmly believed that Chu Feng would not be able to breach his Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield. As such, Chu Feng would only be humiliated by him by making such a claim.

“What makes me think I’m capable?”

Chu Feng smiled lightly at Li Anzhi’s show of contempt.

However, as Chu Feng smiled, he revealed a gaze that made Li Anzhi feel an inexplicable sense of unease.

“Rumble~~~”

The next moment, thunder began to sound from above Chu Feng.

That thunder was extremely loud and resounding. The thunder continued to explode above Chu Feng’s head in an unceasing succession.

At that moment, the crowd all raised their heads to look above Chu Feng.

The reason for that was because a powerful aura was currently gathering there. As it condensed, it began to assail the crowd’s senses.

Accompanying the enormous aura was crimson lightning that appeared in the same location as the surging thunder.

At the beginning, the lightning was only barely visible. However, it soon grew more and more clear. In merely the blink of an eye, it revealed its true appearance.

Numerous dazzling lightning bolts were surging, spiraling and roaring in the sky like fierce dragons.

That lightning were no ordinary lightning, because it was blood red.

The blood red lightning surged in the sky. Not only was it strange, but it was also sinister. Seeing it, one would feel an indescribable sense of unease.

This was especially true for the people of the younger generation present. They all revealed frightened expressions, and were completely panic-stricken.

It was as if doomsday was descending upon them.

Fortunately, there were a lot of powerful experts present.

Otherwise, if one were to suddenly see such a sight, there would definitely be a lot of people that would immediately turn around and begin fleeing.

This was the might of the technique that Chu Feng used. It was so powerful and frightening that it struck fear into the hearts of the crowd.

“What is that blood red lightning? Is that an Immortal Taboo Martial Skill?”

“But, our Chu Heavenly Clan doesn’t seem to possess such a powerful Immortal Taboo Martial Skill, no?”

Seeing the blood red lightning that covered the sky, Chu Xuanzhengfa and the others from the Chu Heavenly Clan all exclaimed in admiration.

While their Chu Heavenly Clan possessed many clan-protection-level Immortal Taboo Martial Skills, they did not possess one that was as powerful as the one Chu Feng was currently using.

The might of Chu Feng’s Immortal Taboo Martial Skill had already surpassed Li Anzhi’s Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield. In fact, it was not only a bit stronger, it was much stronger.

After the blood red lightning filled the sky, not to mention the other Li Heavenly Clan’s younger generations, even Li Tianyou, who had been filled with confidence in his older brother, became scared.

The blood red lightning was simply too powerful, indescribably powerful.

The enormous power of the blood red lightning was also the reason why the crowd all wanted to know what it was.

With the situation being like that, the people of the Chu Heavenly Clan all turned their eyes to their Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Faced with the crowd’s gazes, their Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief only smiled and shook his head.

Naturally, that Immortal Taboo Martial Skill was not taught to Chu Feng by him. After all, not even he possessed such a powerful Immortal Taboo Martial Skill.

As for that Immortal Taboo Martial Skill, it was called the Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique.

The origin of the Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique was actually quite dramatic. If Chu Feng were to mention it, it was likely that no one would believe him.

That Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique was something Chu Feng picked up inside the Primal Sea Sacred Mountain’s Sacred Mountain World.

When Chu Feng first entered the Primal Sea Sacred Mountain, he looked all around, and discovered the Immortal Taboo Martial Skill on the ground.

However, the Immortal Taboo Martial Skill that Chu Feng conveniently picked up from the ground was overwhelmingly powerful.

Back then, due to the limitations of Chu Feng’s cultivation, he was unable to train in the Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique.

It was only afterwards that Chu Feng was capable of learning it. After Chu Feng learned it, he realized how powerful the Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique was.

Disregarding the Ancient Era’s War Axe and Ancient Era’s War Sword, the two heaven-defying secret skills, the Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique had become the strongest technique that Chu Feng currently possessed.

“Li Anzhi, it is still not too late for you to admit defeat right now.”

“Otherwise, should this blood lightning of mine strike, that wind shield of yours will definitely be destroyed. At that time, I cannot guarantee that you will not be injured,” Chu Feng had an absolutely confident expression on his face as he said those words to Li Anzhi.

He felt that there was no way that Li Anzhi could get out of his present predicament, that Li Anzhi did not possess any stronger Immortal Techniques. Chu Feng felt that his Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique was sufficient to settle the match.

“What arrogance! Even if it were your father that was standing here and fighting me, he would likely not dare to make that sort of boasting claim! As for you, you are even less capable of that!” Li Anzhi shouted coldly.

Even though Li Anzhi was also capable of sensing the heaven-defying might of Chu Feng’s blood lightning, he was still filled with confidence in his Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield.

Li Anzhi felt that even if he were to be facing the exceptional genius Chu Xuanyuan, not even Chu Xuanyuan would dare to make such boasting claims against him should their battle power be the same.

Li Anzhi was very confident. He was completely determined that no one with the same battle power would be able to breach his Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield.

However, Li Anzhi had no idea that his casual words would end up angering Chu Feng.

At that moment, not only did Chu Feng narrow his brows, but a ruthless expression also appeared in his sharp eyes.

In Chu Feng’s heart, his parents held an extremely high status.

Even though Li Anzhi was only supposing things, and Chu Feng was also able to tell that, he felt that even if Li Anzhi and his father were of the same generation and possessed similar strength, Li Anzhi would definitely not be on par with his father.

Thus, Li Anzhi’s words had enraged Chu Feng. This was the first time Chu Feng had been angry in his match against Li Anzhi, the first time Chu Feng wanted to make Li Anzhi pay.

To Chu Feng, one could make all sorts of jokes, and could even insult him.

However, his father could not be insulted.

As Li Anzhi had compared himself to Chu Feng’s father, Chu Feng felt that Li Anzhi was insulting his father. As such, Chu Feng was unable to tolerate Li Anzhi.

“Woosh~~~”

Chu Feng abruptly raised the Immortal Armament in his hand.

In that very instant, the blood red lightning that filled the sky began to violently surge forth. It was like an army of lightning waiting for Chu Feng’s command.

Once the command was given, they would unleash a ruthless offense.

That said, Chu Feng did not immediately order the lightning to strike. Instead, he stared at Li Anzhi with his sharp gaze.

He said, “Li Anzhi, there are words that one can say, and words that one cannot say.” Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“Originally, I was not planning to injure you. However, I must now let you know what sort of level of talent you actually possess.”

“Rumble~~~”

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng waved down his Immortal Armament.

Following that, the blood red lightning that covered the sky surged toward Li Anzhi.

Seeing that Chu Feng had unleash his attack, Li Anzhi tightly grabbed his Incomplete Immortal Armament with one hand and began to form hand seals with the other.

As he activated the hand seals, the wind shield that surrounded him not only began to spin even faster, but it even began to emit a dazzling splendor. At the same time, the wind shield was giving off an impregnable sensation.

It turned out that this was the actual might of the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield. With its might, it would not even be excessive to deem it the strongest defensive Immortal Taboo Martial Skill.

“Rumble~~~”

Suddenly, ear-piercing rumbles were heard.

The blood red lightning that covered the sky had collided with the wind blades, creating an enormous violent storm that wreaked havoc through the surroundings.

At that moment, the crowd’s expressions all changed. This was especially true for the Li Heavenly Clansmen; their eyes were filled with worry and shock.

The reason for that was because not only had Li Anzhi’s wind shield been breached, but Li Anzhi was also lying on the battle stage, completely bloodied. His aura was extremely weak, and he resembled a dying man. He was unable to even stand up.

Their Li Heavenly Clan’s clan-protection martial skill, the Immortal Taboo: Windblade Shield, was actually no match for Chu Feng’s Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique, and was destroyed with a single attack.

That being said, what was most astonishing to the crowd was most definitely not the outcome of the battle. Instead, it was the fact that Chu Feng actually left such serious injuries on Li Anzhi, the precious genius of the Li Heavenly Clan.

At that moment, even many people from the Chu Heavenly Clan were sweating cold sweat in worry.

Whilst it was a spar, if something were to happen to Li Anzhi in the spar, the Li Heavenly Clan would definitely be provoked. At that time, a calamity would truly befall them.

That said, compared to the others, Chu Feng was very cold and detached toward the seriously injured Li Anzhi. In fact, even the anger in his eyes did not decrease.

Chu Feng looked to Li Anzhi, who was lying on the ground, without any sympathy or regret in his eyes.

Using an extremely cold tone, Chu feng said, “Today, I have injured you so that you can understand that you are not qualified to be discussed alongside my father.”