Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3092 - Nine Galaxies

"Eggy, don’t worry. I think it’s not that my father is not planning to see me," Chu Feng said.

"If he didn’t do this to refuse to meet you, why did he do this?" Her Lady Queen asked.

"I feel that my father would not set up this formation for no reason at all. Likely... he has already left," Chu Feng said.

Chu Feng’s words were not baseless claims. The reason for that was because Chu Feng knew that his father being here was not due to imprisonment. Rather, he had willingly decided to stay there to train.

As long as his father was still here, there was simply no reason for him to set up this sort of formation. For there to be such a formation set up here, the most likely explanation would be that his father had already left.

"Left?" Hearing those words, Her Lady Queen was unable to contain her emotions.

She shouted, "Then what about his promise to tell you about your mother?! Wouldn’t that mean that he has broken his promise?!"

"I don’t think that’s the case. If my father wanted to leave, he could’ve left directly. There’s likely a reason as to why he set up such a formation here. I think this formation is protecting something. As for that something, I believe it is what he wanted to tell me," Chu Feng said.

"In that case, this formation is to stop others, and not you? You will be able to enter it directly?"

Her Lady Queen was a very intelligent person. Earlier, she was thoughts were clouded by anger. However, after Chu Feng said those words, she reacted immediately.

"That is my guess. However, as for exactly what it is, I will have to give it a try first."

After saying those words, Chu Feng leaped forth, and began to fly toward the formation.

"Buzz~~~"

The next moment, a miracle happened. That seemingly indestructible formation was like water before Chu Feng, and he entered the formation easily.

Soon, Chu Feng passed through the formation, and entered the forbidden area.

"It actually worked. It would appear that you’ve guessed correctly. You were actually able to pass through the formation. In that case, even though your father has left, he must’ve left you something."

"Turns out you are truly father and son. You’ve managed to even guess this sort of thing."

At that moment, a smile finally appeared on the previously angry face of Her Lady Queen.

"Rumble~~~"

The moment Chu Feng landed, the earth started to tremble. The next moment, small bodies of light emerged from the ground.

There were so many bodies of light that they resembled meteors flying in reverse. After they appeared, they began to mix and fuse with one another.

As they fused, the bodies of light began to change. Soon, they took the form of a silhouette. That silhouette grew clearer and clearer. In the end, it turned into an image of a person.

Everything looked so very real. Even the stitches on that person’s clothes were extremely vivid.

That person was Chu Feng’s father, Chu Xuanyuan.

That said, even though Chu Xuanyuan looked very realistic, Chu Feng knew that the person standing before him was not his father, but rather an illusion left behind by his formation.

That said, even though it was only a formation, Chu Feng was still looking at his father’s image with much emotion. Respect and longing filled his eyes. The reason for that was because the formation was filled with his father’s aura.

It was as if the formation was conscious. After it appeared, it turned its eyes to Chu Feng. Gentle love and affection filled its eyes.

"Feng’er, I hope that you will forgive father for leaving without telling you."

"Actually, father just didn’t want to disturb your training."

"I have already left the Ancestral Martial Starfield. Due to the distance being so far, even if I am to leave behind a portion of my soul that is connected to my consciousness, its connection to my consciousness would also be disconnected due to the distance, and the soul would dissipate into thin air too."

"Because of that, I could only leave behind this formation, which will activate when you arrive here."

"I believe you have already obtained the Chu Heavenly Clan’s acknowledgement. I believe Lord Clan Chief has also told you the truth."

"It is as he said, although the decision to be imprisoned was forced upon me, it was also my own decision."

"I hope you do not blame father for not telling you the truth back then. I have made you bear hatred in your heart as you left to experience the trials and tribulations of the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm."

"Father did not tell you the truth back then because I knew that hatred allows one to become stronger. This is especially true for a child like you. Hatred will become an enormous driving force for you to become stronger."

"Perhaps this might be cruel to you. However, the world of martial cultivators is one such cruel world."

"Furthermore, there truly are people in the Chu Heavenly Clan that view us father and son as enemies. Thus, even though you know the truth now, you must not let your guard down."

"And now, I will honor my promise and tell you about your mother."

Hearing those words, Chu Feng suddenly grew tense. He became very emotional and excited.

After looking forward to it for so long, he was finally able to find out about his mother.

That said, Chu Feng was able to tell that his mother was most definitely very extraordinary.

Chu Feng still remembered the abnormal emotional response that his father had when he mentioned his mother last time.

As Chu Feng’s emotions became complicated, the formation his father left continued to speak.

"Feng’er, if you wish to understand your mother, you must first understand the vast and boundless martial cultivation world." RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"I’ve mentioned to you before that above Lower Realms are Ordinary Realms, and above Ordinary Realms are Upper Realms. Each and every world is a planetary star. A large amount of such planets forms a Starfield."

"Since you are returning from the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, I believe you must have some knowledge of these things now."

"That said, the Starfields are not the most magnificent sights in the vast martial cultivation world."

"Within this vast martial cultivation world, in the boundless starry sky, flow Nine Galaxies."

"These Nine Galaxies are scattered across the vast starry sky. Each Galaxy is composed of multiple Starfields."

"Although the Ancestral Martial Starfield is huge, and contains countless worlds, it is actually only a small section of a Galaxy."

Hearing those words, astonishment filled Chu Feng’s eyes.

Chu Feng finally realized why, in the Sacred Heavenly Temple, that man called Xianhai Shuoyi would ask him which Galaxy and which Starfield he was from.

It turned out that the world of martial cultivators was actually so vast and magnificent. Its size had completely surpassed Chu Feng’s imagination.

Judging from things like this, not to mention a place like the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm, even the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm would be akin to dust in the vast starry sky.