Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3099 - Strange Volcano

Lady Piao, Qiushui Fuyan, Chun Wu and the others were all overjoyed by Chu Feng’s return.

They stopped all their business and began to wholeheartedly accompany Chu Feng.

As they chatted, they began to ask Chu Feng about what sort of place the Outer World was.

Chu Feng was able to tell how much they missed him. This was especially true for Lady Piaomiao. Perhaps because she was growing older, she was missing the people close to her even more now. Even though she did not say anything, Chu Feng was able to tell that she wanted him to stay longer.

As such, Chu Feng decided to stay in the Misty Peak for a few days.

Whilst staying in the Misty Peak, Chu Feng learned that a sacred cultivation ground had been discovered in the Holy Land of Martialism.

One’s cultivation would be able to increase rapidly while training in that sacred cultivation ground.

With aid from Zhang Tianyi and Jiang Wushang, many experts from the Eastern Sea Region and the Nine Provinces Continent all left for the Holy Land of Martialism.

Huangfu Haoyue, Qiu Canfeng and the others also left for the Holy Land of Martialism.

If it wasn’t for the fact that Qiushui Fuyan had a duty to guard the Misty Peak, as she was the master of the Misty Peak, she too would have left for the Holy Land of Martialism.

Alas, all good things must come to an end. Although they were very reluctant to have Chu Feng leave, they knew that Chu Feng no longer belonged to their world.

Thus, on Chu Feng’s third day in the Misty Peak, Lady Piaomiao started urging Chu Feng to leave.

Chu Feng was able to sense Lady Piaomiao’s kind intentions. Thus, he did not decline, and bid his farewells before leaving the Misty Peak to proceed for the Eastern Sea Region.

Chu Feng’s speed this time around was extremely fast. He had practically unleashed his full speed.

Chu Feng was proceeding toward the Holy Land of Martialism with his fastest speed.

“Chu Feng, are you worrying about something?” Seeing Chu Feng being so urgent, Her Lady Queen sensed that something was amiss.

“Indeed, I am a bit worried. Why would a so-called sacred cultivation ground suddenly appear in the Holy Land of Martialism?”

“Eggy, you should know this too, dangers will generally accompany opportunities.”

“Although I do not know exactly what sort of place that so-called sacred cultivation ground is, I keep feeling that it is not so simple,” Chu Feng said.

“That’s actually what this Queen was thinking too. That said, you still do not have to rush like this. Even if something is amiss, there shouldn’t be a major accident. At the very least, nothing should be happening yet.”

“Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been training in there for so long,” Her Lady Queen urged.

“Mn, I hope I am overthinking things,” Chu Feng said.

Although Chu Feng had left, Lady Piaomiao and the others were standing in the sky outside the Misty Peak and watching the direction that Chu Feng left in, reluctant to move their gazes.

After a long while passed, Chun Wu said to Lady Piaomiao, “Master, what do you think Chu Feng’s current cultivation is?”

Although they had talked about a lot of things during those three days, and learned a lot about the Outer World from Chu Feng, including levels of cultivation that they did not know about, as well as the situation outside, they had never asked Chu Feng about his cultivation.

“The speed at which Chu Feng’s cultivation increases has always been extremely fast. Likely, he must’ve already surpassed the Martial Ancestor level by now,” Lady Piaomiao said.

“Surpassed Martial Ancestor?” Hearing those words, Ming Ye was very shocked.

To her, Martial Emperor was already a cultivation realm far beyond her reach. As for Martial Ancestor, it was likely a level of cultivation that she would not be able to attain in her entire life.

As for Chu Feng, if he had surpassed Martial Ancestor, wouldn’t that mean that he had reached the Immortal realms?

That would mean that Chu Feng had become an actual Immortal, someone truly surpassing ordinary human beings.

Even though this was very shocking, it was only Ming Ye who had a surprised expression.

Qiushi Fuyan and the Four Seasons sisters did not question Lady Piaomiao’s answer at all.

Furthermore, at the same time, all of them turned their gazes around.

At that moment, there was a new formation surrounding the Misty Peak. That formation was invisible to the naked eye. However, they were able to sense that the new formation was terrifyingly powerful.

That defensive formation was a gift from Chu Feng before he left.

Only they knew that, even though that defensive formation was very powerful, Chu Feng had spent no effort in setting it up.

However, they firmly believed that the defensive formation that Chu Feng had effortlessly set up had turned their Misty Peak into the safest place in the entire Ancestral Martial Lower Realm.

That was also the reason why they were suddenly concerned about what cultivation Chu Feng currently possessed.

That youth from the past had grown further and further from them, leaving them far behind. The disparity between them was truly as vast as the distance between the heaven and earth.

That said, they were not dispirited because of this. On the contrary, they were feeling very happy.

The reason for that was because they were all proud of Chu Feng.

............ RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Chu Feng passed through the Heavenly Road and arrived in the Holy Land of Martialism.

Chu Feng had originally planned to proceed to the Southern Cyanwood Forest and then the Cyanwood Mountain after arriving in the Holy Land of Martialism.

However, Chu Feng was most worried about the matter with the sacred cultivation ground at that moment. As such, he decided to alter his plan at the last minute to proceed directly for that so-called sacred cultivation ground.

One must know that practically all of the close relatives and friends that Chu Feng cared about were there. If something were to truly happen in the sacred cultivation ground, it would mean that all of the people that Chu Feng cared about in the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm would be in danger.

After traveling for some time, Chu Feng finally saw that so-called sacred cultivation ground.

It was a volcano, an enormous, unimaginably large volcano.

Gaseous flames were erupting out from the volcano. Those gaseous flames contained dense amounts of natural energies, and even martial comprehension.

At that moment, there were tens of millions of people gathered in the sky above the volcano. It was truly a sea of people.

Those people were all sitting in the sky in a cross-legged manner. With their eyes closed, they were using their various techniques to breathe in and absorb the gaseous flames emitted by the erupting volcano.

At a glance, Chu Feng saw some familiar faces amongst the vast crowd.

There were countless palaces outside the volcano’s vicinity. Those palaces were all from different powers. The palaces were gathered and divided in an orderly manner.

Practically all the major powers of the Holy Land of Martialism were gathered there.

A scene like this was truly quite spectacular.

Merely, at that moment, Chu Feng was frowning.

Chu Feng knew very well that there was no such volcano in the Holy Land of Martialism when he was still there.

That volcano had most definitely appeared after he left.

Most importantly, Chu Feng sensed wickedness from the gaseous flames emitted by the volcano.

This meant that Chu Feng’s worries were not unnecessary.

That sacred cultivation ground that suddenly appeared contained unknown dangers.