Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3121 - The Appearance Of The Immortal River

“Shuangshuang, why are you asking that?” Chu Ping asked.

“Big brother Chu Ping, Lord Clan Chief currently pampers little brother Chu Feng greatly. I believe that even if Chu Feng were to cause an enormous disaster outside, Lord Clan Chief would be willing to shoulder it for him."

"Likewise, if there is anyone that dares to make things difficult for Chu Feng within the clan, Lord Clan Chief will definitely not let those people get away. Otherwise, Lord Clan Chief would not have given Chu Feng the decision to determine the life and death of two Supreme Elders. One must know that the Supreme Elders are the strongest battle power of our Chu Heavenly Clan."

"Thus, if your relationship with Chu Hongyi is the same as before, then you should properly warn him against thinking about retaliating against Chu Feng. Otherwise, ignoring whether or not Chu Feng will spare him, even if he does, Lord Clan Chief will not," Chu Shuangshuang said.

"Thank you for your advice, little sister Shuangshuang. It is as you said, I will have to talk to Hongyi about this matter."

"Although Hongyi had started to not put me, his brother of the olden days, in his heart ever since we arrived at this place, and his cultivation and status increased, he is still my brother. As such, I cannot look on as he offends someone that he cannot afford to offend," Chu Ping said.

Chu Ping was a man of his word. After he split up with Chu Shuangshuang, he immediately went to find Chu Hongyi.

However, after he mentioned the matter to Chu Hongyi, he was instead reprimanded and driven away. Feeling helpless, Chu Ping decided to leave.

However, as Chu Ping was worried about Chu Hongyi, he was unable to sleep all night. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Apart from him, Chu Feng was also awake all night. Ever since Chu Feng learned that the place where his grandfather and father stayed was seized by the Burnfield Monstrous Clan, upon thinking that he had no idea if the palace that his grandfather and father had stayed in was still intact, Chu Feng felt as if there were flames burning in his heart with nowhere to vent. He was feeling extremely depressed.

"If you cannot contain your anger, you should just go and take that territory back," Her Lady Queen said.

"If I am alone, I would be able to disregard everything and do whatever I wanted."

"However, things are different here. What I do here alone will implicate everyone in the Chu Heavenly Clan," Chu Feng said.

"Have they ever considered you to be their clansman? Apart from Chu Qing, Chu Shuangshuang and that Chu Ping, the rest of them simply do not consider you to be their clansman. If you’re strong, they will fear you. If you’re weak, they will bully and humiliate you. As for your life and death, they simply hold no concern over it."

"That is all the relationship between you and them, nothing more," Her Lady Queen said.

"Eggy, what you say is not without reason. How about this: I will go and secretly check out that Burnfield Monstrous Clan. If the palace that my father and grandfather stayed in is still intact, I will spare them for the time being."

"However, if they have destroyed the place where my father and grandfather stayed, I will definitely not tolerate it."

Chu Feng was not joking around.

Even though it was only a palace that his grandfather and father had stayed in in the past, something that did not have any value in the eyes of many people, it held extraordinary significance to Chu Feng.

In fact, to Chu Feng, it would be akin to a priceless treasure, something that he would not allow anyone to destroy.

"Of course you can’t tolerate it. Stop being so overly cautious. That’s unlike the Chu Feng I know," Her Lady Queen said.

At that moment, Chu Feng smiled. What Eggy said was true. Unless he were to lose his rationality through anger, he was indeed different from how he was back then.

This change was inevitable. As Chu Feng grew older and experienced more things, he knew more and more what responsibility was.

"Little brother Chu Feng, are you awake?" Right at that moment, Chu Ping’s voice was suddenly heard.

Chu Feng hurriedly opened the door. He discovered that Chu Ping was not only standing before him, but he also had a joyous expression.

"Big brother Chu Ping, what has made you this happy?" Chu Feng asked.

"Little brother Chu Feng, you are truly our lucky star. Right after you came here, the Immortal River revealed itself," Chu Ping spoke with great excitement.

"Immortal River? What is that?" Chu Feng asked.

"Little brother Chu Feng, come out and have a look. You’ll understand immediately," Chu Ping said.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng walked out of the palace that he was staying in and looked upward. Upon doing so, he discovered that the sky had actually changed.

It was clearly early in the morning. The sky should be very bright. However, there were many multi-colored lights in the sky.

The lights were very beautiful. They resembled many multi-colored rivers covering the entire sky.

However, Chu Feng was able to tell with a single glance that it was a sign indicating that something was about to happen.

"It would appear that the so-called Immortal River is some sort of cultivation resource in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. Merely, exactly what sort of cultivation resource is it?" Chu Feng asked Chu Ping.

"Little brother Chu Feng, it is as you said. The Immortal River is indeed a sort of cultivation resource."

"However, the Immortal River is a cultivation resource that will appear at random. Generally, it would appear once every year. However, there is no definite time as to when it will appear."

"That said, you must know that the Immortal River had already appeared once three months ago. Logically, no matter what, it should not be appearing again. However, it appeared now."

"Furthermore, it appeared right after you came here. As such, what else other than the luck that you’ve brought with you could possibly account for its appearance?" Chu Ping was beaming with joy and excitement as he said those words. He appeared to truly believe that the appearance of the Immortal River was brought about by Chu Feng’s fortune.

"Big brother Chu Ping, I couldn’t possibly accept such credit. After all, there are so many people that entered the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm this time around. Even if the Immortal River’s appearance is truly related to the newcomers, it cannot be certain to be caused by me," Chu Feng responded with a smile.

"Alas, whilst it is true that a lot of people came in at once, which among them could possibly match my little brother Chu Feng’s talent? Those with extraordinary talent generally possess extraordinary fortune. As for those with extraordinary fortune, they will naturally bring about good things. As such, you are our lucky star," Chu Ping said.