Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3122 - Choosing A Leader

Seeing Chu Ping explaining things to him in such a serious manner, Chu Feng smiled and no longer attempted to argue with Chu Ping.

Actually, even Chu Feng himself was unable to deny the fact that his luck was truly good sometimes. Even he himself would not dare to reject that he had great luck; nor was he capable of doing so.

"The so-called Immortal River should not have truly appeared yet, right?" Chu Feng asked.

"Indeed, it has yet to truly appear. The lights in the sky are merely a sign. Using the sign, we can determine where the Immortal River will appear. Different Immortal Rivers contain different amounts of natural energies and martial comprehension," Chu Ping said.

"Sure enough," Chu Feng nodded. Then, his eyes were fixed onto the sky. Although his eyes appeared completely normal, Chu Feng had already activated his Heaven’s Eyes.

At that moment, the lights that filled the sky were no longer simply beautiful scenery to Chu Feng.

The entire sky was a treasure map. Hidden within the treasure map was the secret to the Immortal River.

"Little brother Chu Feng, stop looking at the sky for now. Everyone has been gathered. With the appearance of the Immortal River, we must act as a group. Thus, let us go and join them first," Chu Ping was unable to tell how powerful Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes were.

As such, he would naturally not think that Chu Feng was inspecting the secret regarding the Immortal River. Instead, he felt that Chu Feng was purely captured by the beauty of the sign of the Immortal River’s appearance.

"Very well," Chu Feng nodded after hearing Chu Ping’s words. Then, he followed Chu Ping to a stage in the Chu Heavenly Clan’s territory.

Currently, a lot of people were already gathered on the stage. Chu Shuangshuang, Chu Haoyan, Chu Huanyu and Chu Qing were also present. Likely, they had been informed of what was going on and called over by Chu Ping.

That said, it should be mentioned that Chu Hongyi was also present.

That said, Chu Hongyi showed no sign of yesterday’s injury. When he saw Chu Feng, he showed slight embarrassment. However, he still continued to stand tall with his head raised confidently. He did not pay attention to Chu Feng. He merely took a glance at Chu Feng before continuing to look at the sky.

At that moment, Chu Hongyi’s eyes started to shine. Spirit formation symbols and runes were spiraling through the light in his eyes. With eyes like that piercing straight at the sky, it seemed as if he were capable of seeing through even the vast sky.

"Snake Mark Immortal-cloak World Spiritist."

Chu Feng was able to determine Chu Hongyi’s world spiritist prowess with a single glance.

In fact, it was not only Chu Feng who managed to detect Chu Hongyi’s world spiritist level. Chu Shuangshuang, Chu Haoyan, Chu Huanyu and Chu Qing also managed to detect his level.

It was precisely because they were able to tell what Chu Hongyi’s world spiritist level was that they did not look at Chu Hongyi with anticipation in their eyes like the others present. Instead, they all turned their gazes to Chu Feng.

Although Snake Mark Immortal-cloak World Spiritist was already a very powerful level, it was still much inferior when compared to the current Chu Feng.

After all, Chu Feng was an Insect Mark Exalt-cloak World Spiritist.

To their delight, Chu Feng was also inspecting the sky. Although Chu Feng’s gaze appeared to be very normal, they knew that Chu Feng was not simply looking at the sky. Instead, he was using his special ability to inspect the sign of the Immortal River.

Finally, Chu Hongyi stopped inspecting the sky and turned his eyes to the crowd.

The crowd all revealed gazes of anticipation as they waited for the result of Chu Hongyi’s observation.

"In roughly six hours, the sign of the Immortal River will disappear. However, at the same time it disappears, an Immortal River will appear in our Chu Heavenly Clan’s territory’s southwestern region," Chu Hongyi said.

"Big brother Hongyi, thank you for your trouble."

"Big brother Hongyi, when should we set off then?"

The crowd asked many questions. Even their tone became filled with reverence and caution.

Their reaction was understandable. After all, every time such a thing occurred, it was Chu Hongyi who would inspect things for them.

Even though Chu Hongyi declared that the Immortal River would appear in the southwestern region, they still had to have Chu Hongyi determine the exact location.

That was the reason why the crowd present was relying on Chu Hongyi so much.

However, Chu Hongyi did not immediately speak when faced with the crowd’s anticipating gazes. Instead, he chuckled and then said, "Everyone, you must all not want to miss this opportunity, right?"

"Big brother Hongyi, how could we possibly be willing to miss this opportunity? The Immortal River is something that only appears once every year. Although it will not last for long, it is most definitely a rare opportunity while training here."

"And now, the Immortal River is actually appearing again after only three months have passed. We would naturally not be willing to miss this opportunity. In fact, we cannot afford to miss this opportunity," the crowd said.

"Indeed, it is a rare opportunity. However, as entering the Immortal River to train is something that must be done in a group, I feel that we should select a leader, so as to make actions and decisions more convenient," Chu Hongyi said.

Once Chu Hongyi said those words, the crowd’s expressions all turned sluggish. Subconsciously, they turned to look at Chu Feng.

They were no fools. They immediately realized what Chu Hongyi’s intention was after hearing those words.

Even though they had never explicitly stated who was the leader among them in the past, Chu Hongyi was clearly their leader.

After all, Chu Hongyi was not only the person with the strongest cultivation among all of them, but he also had the strongest world spirit techniques.

In a place like the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, one’s world spirit techniques were equally as important to one’s cultivation.

As such, Chu Hongyi could be said to be the person they’d all accepted to be the leader before Chu Feng came around.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels