Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3141

“What is that? Could it be... someone has reached a breakthrough in cultivation?”

“That seems to be the case. But that direction, it should be in the Cyanfeather Monstrous Beast’s territory.”

“The Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan does not have people with Heavenly Bloodlines. How can they give rise to a abnormal lightning sign like this?”

The people of the Chu Heavenly Clan were looking at the lightning in the sky with flickering eyes.

“Although it greatly resembles it, it is most likely not an abnormal sign created by the breakthrough of an individual from a Heavenly Clan. After all, we are from Heavenly Clans. Many among us train in the Heaven Punishment Mysterious Technique too. We have witnessed countless abnormal signs caused from breakthroughs in cultivation. However, never have we seen one that looked this frighteningly mighty.”

Soon, someone began to voice their suspicion.

Many people nodded in approval at that person’s call to question. Although that abnormal sign greatly resembled the abnormal sign that would appear when a Heavenly Bloodline possessor reached a breakthrough in cultivation, the might of that abnormal sign was simply a bit too frightening, and not something that the abnormal signs they had witnessed before could possibly compare to.

Suddenly, someone cried out in alarm. “Could it be... that’s the descent of a calamity?!”

Once that person said those words, many people also revealed expressions of panic.

Martial cultivators were not the rulers of the vast cultivation world. Sometimes, calamities that appeared out of the blue were the most frightening things.

Currently, the might of those lightning beasts in the sky possessed a destructive nature.

The crowd all believed without the slightest doubt that if a calamity were to truly descend from the sky, then not to mention them, likely the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm would be destroyed.

The reason for that was because the abnormal sign high up in the heavens was simply too mighty, too frightening.

It was so frightening that everyone present felt their blood run cold, and began to tremble with fear.

"Big brother Hongyi, what do you think that is?"

In panic, the crowd all turned their eyes to Chu Hongyi. They wanted to get an answer to their fears from his mouth. After all, Chu Hongyi was not only the person with the strongest cultivation among them, but he was also the person with the strongest world spirit techniques amongst them. Chu Hongyi’s observational techniques were far superior to their own.

As such, they would only believe his words with even greater conviction.

"Although that abnormal sign greatly resembles an abnormal sign from our Chu Heavenly Clan’s Heavenly Bloodline, it is most definitely not an abnormal sign caused by someone reaching a breakthrough in cultivation."

"However, everyone, do not panic. The Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm is a miraculous place. It possesses many cultivation resources that we have never before discovered."

"The abnormal sign in the sky might be a sign that some sort of cultivation resource will soon appear," Chu Hongyi said.

"Wow! If that’s the case, wouldn’t it mean that we’re going to be extremely lucky?"

Not only did the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan believe in Chu Hongyi’s words, but they all revealed ecstatic expressions. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

They had already obtained quite a harvest from the Immortal River. And now, an unknown cultivation resource had emerged. Furthermore, judging from the abnormal sign, if it was a cultivation resource, it would likely be even more exceptional than the Immortal River.

As such, how could the crowd not feel joyous?

"Rumble~~~"

Right at that moment, the lightning in the sky started to gather. Soon, an enormous lightning dragon was formed. That enormous lightning dragon started shooting straight down.

At that moment, the expressions of joy on the crowd’s face immediately froze. Soon, their faces were covered with panic and fear. In fact, at that very instant, many people were already covered in cold sweat.

The reason for that was because they were capable of sensing the destructive aura of that lightning as it struck down toward the ground. All of this was so very real, so very frightening.

“Big brother Hongyi, are you certain that is not the descent of a calamity?”

With the situation being like that, the crowd all turned to Chu Hongyi with uneasy gazes. They wanted to verify their answer from Chu Hongyi.

Actually, even Chu Hongyi himself was panicking at that moment. However, he could not reveal his panic to the crowd.

As the saying goes, words spoken were akin to spilt water. Since he had already said those words earlier, if he were to alter his claims now, it would be akin to slapping himself in the face.

“Brothers and sisters, do not panic. I, Chu Hongyi, will not have misjudged it. That is most definitely a sign of the appearance of some sort of cultivation resource, and not the descent of a calamity,” Chu Hongyi said.

Even though Chu Hongyi said those words with such certainty, the expressions of unease in the crowd’s eyes did not decrease. The reason for that was because the might of the lightning was simply too powerful. They were simply unable to maintain their calm.

In fact, as they lightning struck down, many people were already shivering in fear.

Finally, the lightning landed. The crowd were all capable of seeing that the lightning had landed within the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s territory.

However, after that lightning landed, it did not create any motion in the slightest.

At the same time, the destructive aura also disappeared.

“Nothing happened?”

“Big brother Hongyi, what is going on?”

Seeing the frightening lightning disappear just like that, the crowd all turned their eyes to Chu Hongyi again.

At that moment, Chu Hongyi was also feeling completely lost. He also did not know exactly what was going on.

“Rumble~~~”

However, right at that moment, the lightning that had disappeared from the sky suddenly appeared high up in the sky again.

Furthermore, the might of the lightning this time around was even more terrifying than before.

Following that, the lightning in the sky gathered together once again. Like before, they struck down toward the ground with terrifying might.

However, when the lightning struck, it once again did not create any commotion in the slightest, and disappeared into thin air.

“This...”

Seeing this scene, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen present were all at a complete loss.

In terms of might, that abnormal sign really did not resemble something brought forth by a Heavenly Bloodline possessor. After all, it was simply too terrifying.

However, the manner with which the lightning gathered, and the speed at which it struck down resembled the lightning caused by the breakthrough of a Heavenly Bloodline possessor very much.

The crowd was truly unable to understand exactly what was going on.

Meanwhile, deep in the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s territory underground, a pair of eyes slowly opened.

That man was very young. However, the aura that he was emitting was that of a rank eight Heavenly Immortal.

As for that man, he was none other than Chu Feng.