Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3143 - Being Crippled

“Bastard!!!” Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Suddenly, a furious shout was heard.

That shout was many times more ear-piercing than thunder.

At the moment when that shout was heard, many people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan felt as if their eardrums had been ruptured.

Those suffering from less serious damages immediately covered their ears and began to grimace in pain.

As for those that suffered more intense damages, they directly fell to the ground, grabbed their heads and began to scream in pain.

At the moment when the people from the Cyanfather Monstrous Clan ended up in such a state, a figure rapidly flew into the crowd and grabbed Chu Shuangshuang.

Naturally, that person was Chu Feng.

"Chu Feng, it’s you?!"

"You came at the perfect time, saving me the trouble of finding you."

Upon seeing Chu Feng, Qingyu Fengming’s eyes were immediately filled with rage.

However, Chu Feng did not even bother to pay attention to Qingyu Fengming. Instead, he took out several medicinal pellets emitting different lights from his Cosmos Sack and fed them to Shuangshuang. Then, he began to set up a spirit formation that enveloped her.

Currently, Chu Feng’s eyes were filled with rage. However, he also had an expression of deep pain and heartache as he looked at Chu Shuangshuang.

"That’s Exalted level spirit power."

Upon seeing the spirit formation Chu Feng set up, the expressions of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen present all changed.

This was especially true for that goateed man. He had an extremely astonished expression.

Exalted-cloak World Spiritists were extremely rare in the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

"Little brother Fengming, is he that Chu Xuanyuan’s son?" The goateed man looked to Qingyu Fengming.

"That’s right, it’s him," Qingyu Fengming said.

After verifying Chu Feng’s identity from Qingyu Fengming, that goateed man began to walk toward Chu Feng.

At that moment, the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan all felt that the goateed man would attack Chu Feng and get justice for their clansmen that had been injured by Chu Feng earlier.

However, to their surprise, that goateed man actually stopped moving after walking a couple steps toward Chu Feng.

Furthermore, he even clasped his fist respectfully toward him.

"Young master Chu Feng, nice to meet you. I am from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan. My name is Qingyu Dong."

"I have already heard young master Chu Feng’s distinguished name. I, Qingyu Dong, am honored to be able to meet young master Chu Feng today."

After Qingyu Dong finished his words, not only were the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan completely puzzled, but even Chu Feng was unable to keep himself from raising his head.

Actually, Chu Feng had already noticed Qingyu Dong. The reason for that was because Qingyu Dong did not conceal his aura.

As Qingyu Dong was a rank nine Heavenly Immortal, Chu Feng subconsciously felt that he was more of a threat than Qingyu Fengming.

However, Chu Feng did not expect Qingyu Dong to not directly attack him upon finding out who he was, and instead greeted him so respectfully.

Most importantly, Chu Feng actually noticed that Qingyu Dong had an extremely sincere expression on his face.

That said, even with that being the case, Chu Feng still did not show Qingyu Dong any respect. Instead, he pointed to Chu Shuangshuang in his bosom and asked coldly, "Honored?"

"Is your being honored by torturing my clansman?"

"Regarding that... It’s a misunderstanding, truly a misunderstanding," Qingyu Dong felt a bit awkward when trying to respond.

"Big brother Qingyu Dong, what are you doing?! Why are you greeting him?! He is our clan’s enemy!!!" At that moment, Qingyu Fengming was finally unable to contain himself.

He truly did not expect for Qingyu Dong to be so courteous and eagerly attentive upon seeing Chu Feng. Qingyu Dong’s actions were simply a disgrace to their Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

"Fengming, do not say anything for now. Allow me to talk with young master Chu Feng," after saying those words, Qingyu Dong looked back to Chu Feng. He said, "Young master Chu Feng, I admit that young lady was harmed by my clan’s clansmen. But, before that, didn’t you also injure our clansmen?"

"I only injured your clansmen because your clansmen decided to injure my Chu Heavenly Clan’s clansmen first," Chu Feng said.

"That’s why it’s a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding."

"Young master Chu Feng, let us talk this out properly," Qingyu Dong said.

"Talk it out? Bullshit! Today, we are going to cripple that Chu Feng!"

At that moment, Qingyu Fengming was finally unable to contain himself anymore.

Even if he did not make Chu Feng go insane, he must still teach him a proper lesson.

Because of that, as Qingyu Fengming spoke, not only did his eyes turn blood-red, but cyan veined patterns also began to appear all over his body. Those veined patterns resembled feathers as they covered his entire body.

Furthermore, the veined patterns were emitting a faint light.

At that moment, Qingyu Fengming’s aura increased from rank eight Heavenly Immortal to rank nine Heavenly Immortal.

Seeing that Qingyu Fengming was planning to attack, many Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen revealed excited expressions.

Ignoring the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen that were forced to kneel by Chu Feng earlier, merely the furious shout from Chu Feng earlier had injured the great majority of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen present.

One must know that no one in the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm was over three hundred years old.

Strictly speaking, they were all a bunch of youthful and vigorous youngsters.

As such, they did not care about who Chu Feng might be, or who his father might be.

After Chu Feng injured them, the only thing they had in mind was to make him pay.

Because of that, they were extremely puzzled and angry when Qingyu Dong began to speak with Chu Feng in such a courteous manner.

It was not only Qingyu Fengming who felt that Qingyu Dong had made a disgrace out of their Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan; practically all of the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen gathered there felt that way.

That was the reason why they became so excited after Qingyu Fengming unleashed the power of his bloodline and prepared to attack Chu Feng.

They knew that someone was finally willing to help them vent their bottled-up resentment.

However, they did not notice that after Qingyu Fengming unleashed the power of his bloodline and increased his cultivation by a level, Chu Feng did not show any sign of fear in his eyes.

On the contrary, a frightening ruthlessness appeared in Chu Feng’s fury-filled eyes.

"Indeed, someone is going to be crippled here today," Chu Feng said.