Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3147 - Preserving One’s Clan

Actually, Qingyu Dong still wanted to open his mouth and plead for leniency for Qingyu Fengming. Merely, he was unable to speak.

The reason for that was because he had been restricted very tightly by Chu Feng, to the point where he did not even have the ability to speak.

Being tortured by Chu Feng, Qingyu Fengming was originally cursing Chu Feng out nonstop. However, he soon started to beg for forgiveness, hoping that Chu Feng would spare him.

Unfortunately, it was useless. No matter what he said, it was all useless. Chu Feng was never lenient nor merciful toward his enemies.

Although Chu Feng’s friends had never truly experienced Chu Feng’s ruthlessness before, it was a fatal nightmare for his enemies.

Currently, Qingyu Fengming was fully experiencing Chu Feng’s ruthlessness.

Soon, Qingyu Fengming was no longer able to withstand the continuous torture, and lost conscious.

Although he had lost conscious, Qingyu Fengming was still being tortured and bearing the pain brought forth by Chu Feng.

The current Qingyu Fengming was akin to Chu Shuangshuang from earlier. Even though he had already lost consciousness, he still had an extremely painful expression on his face.

This continued for a long while before Chu Feng finally stopped his torture of Qingyu Fengming.

With a wave of Chu Feng’s sleeve, not only did the bugs inside Qingyu Fengming’s body disappear, but the oppressive might restraining Qingyu Fengming and Qingyu Dong also disappeared.

"Little brother Fengming!"

Upon regaining his ability to move, Qingyu Dong immediately leaped toward Qingyu Fengming with a worried expression on his face and began to diagnose his state and injuries.

Qingyu Dong knew very well that Qingyu Fengming was one of the younger individuals whose nurture was most focused on by their Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan. He was someone who absolutely could not be allowed to have any mishaps.

"Don’t worry, he didn’t go insane. I merely had him experience the pain he brought upon my big sis Shuangshuang," Chu Feng said.

Hearing what Chu Feng said, Qingyu Dong heaved a sigh of relief. He said to Chu Feng, "Thank you for being lenient, young master Chu Feng."

"But you do not know how important Fengming is to our clan. Now that you’ve injured him today, even if I do not wish to look further into this matter, our Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s other clansmen will definitely look further into this matter."

"In that case, I will have to trouble you to return and tell the truth as it is. Tell them that it was I, Chu Feng, who attacked Qingyu Fengming. If they want to look further into this matter, then come at me alone, and do not involve the innocent," Chu Feng said.

"Young master Chu Feng is one with courage to assume responsibility. I, Qingyu Dong, admire you."

"However, as our standpoints differ, if we are to encounter each other again, I’m afraid that we will be enemies," Qingyu Dong said.

"In that case, the next time we meet, I will no longer be lenient," Chu Feng said with a smile.

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng’s body shifted.

A gentle breeze brushed past, and Chu Feng and Chu Shuangshuang disappeared without a trace.

"Big brother Qingyu Dong, how is Fengming’s condition?"

After Chu Feng left, the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan immediately gathered around Qingyu Fengming.

"That Chu Feng is truly arrogant. We will definitely slaughter their entire Chu Heavenly Clan and make him pay the price."

"That’s right, we must punish him severely for his actions. Even if we are unable to kill him, we will force him to go insane. When he comes of age and is no longer capable of staying in this Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, we will then take his life."

Seeing the unconscious Qingyu Fengming, many Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen began to shout claims of taking care of Chu Feng to retrieve justice for Qingyu Fengming.

"Are you all deaf?" At that moment, Qingyu Dong asked the crowd with a downcast expression.

"Ah?" Being questioned like this by Qingyu Dong, the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan were all bewildered.

They did not understand why Qingyu Dong would suddenly ask such a question.

"Did you all not hear what I said to Fengming earlier?"

"Indeed, inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, we have the backing of our brothers. After leaving the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, we have the backing of our clan." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"The Chu Heavenly Clan is no match for us."

"However, you all need to understand that Chu Feng’s actual backing is not the Chu Heavenly Clan. Instead, it is Chu Xuanyuan, someone capable of razing our entire Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan to the ground alone," Qingyu Dong said.

Hearing what Qingyu Dong said, the crowd all grew quiet.

"Remember, upon our return this time, we absolutely cannot discriminate in favor of little brother Fengming and fabricate lies when reporting what happened here."

"We should defuse this conflict as much as possible, and not have the people in our clan seek Chu Feng for trouble again," Qingyu Dong said.

After Qingyu Dong finished saying those words, the crowd all nodded their heads to express their approval.

However, they were only doing so because of Qingyu Dong’s strength and status. It was not because they were afraid of Chu Feng’s father.

Whilst they had indeed heard of Chu Xuanyuan’s past achievements, what did that matter?

The world of martial cultivators was a world where one could only believe in something when one saw it for themselves. The people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan would not believe what they’d heard, only what they’d seen.

Furthermore, the great majority of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen present were accustomed to terrorizing others. As such, they could not tolerate being bullied and humiliated by another.

Now that they’d suffered at the hands of Chu Feng, they only wanted to vent their anger, and had no heart to consider who might be behind him. As such, they only nodded to deal with Qingyu Dong’s nagging.

As for Qingyu Dong, he also understood the character of his clansmen. That was the reason why he told Chu Feng that their Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan might seek him out for revenge. He did so to warn Chu Feng to be careful.

Although Qingyu Dong already had a guess as to what would happen, he still tried his best to do what he could.

He did not do so because he wanted to take pity on Chu Feng. After all, there was no interaction or friendship between him and Chu Feng.

The reason why Qingyu Dong did that that was because he wanted to preserve his clan.