Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3150 - Requesting Chu Feng’s Help

“Big brother Chu Ping, you’ve finally returned.”

When the people at headquarters saw Chu Ping, they immediately flew up to him. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Seeing the nervous expressions on their faces, Chu Ping quickly asked, “What’s wrong? What happened?”

After those people explained what had happened, Chu Feng and the others found out that Chu Hongyi and the others had discovered the appearance of nine-colored lightning in the sky above the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s territory after the Immortal River disappeared.

Seeing that, the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan began to make guesses. The great majority of them felt that it was an abnormal sign caused by the breakthrough of a Heavenly Bloodline possessor.

However, Chu Hongyi firmly insisted that it was a sign indicating the appearance of a cultivation resource, and not the abnormal sign caused by the breakthrough of a Heavenly Bloodline possessor.

Whilst Chu Hongyi was analyzing what had happened, a multi-colored light had emerged in the distance. It was truly the light emitted by some sort of cultivation resource.

Even though they clearly knew that the cultivation resource had appeared within the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory as opposed to their Chu Heavenly Clan’s territory, because the multi-colored light appeared at the boundary of the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory, a place that the people from the Burnfield Monstrous Clan would generally not appear, they felt that the Burnfield Monstrous Clan would not notice the multi-colored light.

As such, Chu Hongyi made a decision on the spot to lead everyone and risk dangers by entering the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory to track down the cultivation resource that had just appeared.

However, to their surprise, right after a portion of their clansmen entered the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory, they were immediately captured by the Burnfield Monstrous Clan. Currently, the people from the Burnfield Monstrous Clan were torturing those Chu Heavenly Clansmen with inhumane methods.

"Truly foolish!"

"What the hell is wrong with that Chu Hongyi?!"

Upon finding out what happened, Chu Feng had a helpless expression on his face. The nine-colored lightning that had appeared in the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s territory was clearly an abnormal sign caused by his breakthrough in cultivation. That Chu Hongyi actually insisted on saying that it was a sign of the appearance of a cultivation resource.

Speaking of it, it was quite a coincidence too. A cultivation resource really ended up appearing. Furthermore, they’d even discovered it.

However, they were truly unlucky. Right after entering the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory, they were immediately captured red-handed.

"Their methods are truly too cruel. If their torture continues, those brothers and sisters of ours will likely be tortured insane."

"Big brother Chu Ping, little brother Chu Feng, what should we do?"

Those several Chu Heavenly Clansmen were filled with worry. In a panic, they all turned their eyes to Chu Feng.

Likely, they knew that if there was still someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan that was capable of saving their captured clansmen, it would only be Chu Feng.

"Don’t bother with superfluous words anymore. Show the way," Chu Feng said.

"Right. Little brother Chu Feng, big brother Chu Ping, follow me."

Hearing such a response from Chu Feng, those Chu Heavenly Clansmen immediately revealed joyous expressions. Without any hesitation, they began to fly into the distance.

The territories of the Chu Heavenly Clan and the Burnfield Monstrous Clan were separated by two mountain ranges.

Although the mountain range that marked the Chu Heavenly Clan’s territory was not only very steep, it was also very desolate.

However, the mountain range that the Burnfield Monstrous Clan owned was not only filled with rare flowers and herbs, but it was also abundant with natural energies. The two mountain ranges were completely different from each other.

If the Chu Heavenly Clan’s mountain range was a product of the mortal world, then the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s mountain range would be a spiritual mountain from the world of immortals.

Precisely because the contrast between the two mountain ranges was so clear, even the rare birds and beasts lived in the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s mountain range. This caused the Chu Heavenly Clan’s mountain range to appear even more desolate.

Currently, two groups of people were at the boundary between the two mountain ranges.

The first group was made up of Chu Hongyi and the others. Chu Hongyi was standing at the other side of the border between the two territories with a group of Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

As for the other side, there were several monster-like individuals standing over ten meters tall with stone-like skin.

Those monsters all wore wore armor. This caused them to appear even more domineering.

They were people from the Burnfield Monstrous Clan.

However, it was not only the people from the Burnfield Monstrous Clan that were present in the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory. There were also Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

There were a total of eighty-nine Chu Heavenly Clansmen there, fifty-eight men and thirty-one women.

Those Chu Heavenly Clansmen were all kneeling uniformly on the ground. A cage was covering each one of them. The cages matched their kneeling posture, and were clinging tightly to their bodies, fixing them in their kneeling posture.

To be forced to kneel on the ground and then put in a cage that forced one to continue kneeling, oh how enormous of a disgrace that was.

However, what the Burnfield Monstrous Clan did to those Chu Heavenly Clansmen was most definitely not limited to that.

Surrounding the kneeling Chu Heavenly Clansmen were countless daggers formed from martial power. Those daggers were revolving around them and flying back and forth, penetrating their bodies repeatedly, splattering their blood all over and causing them to scream miserably.

"Big brother Hongyi, save us, save us!"

The Chu Heavenly Clansmen that were being tortured were crying out for help to Chu Hongyi repeatedly.

"Big brother Hongyi, please do something. Maybe you can plead for leniency for them. Please, do something to save them. Otherwise, they will go insane."

At that moment, the people beside Chu Hongyi also began to quietly voice their concerns to him.

Whilst they could disregard the life and death of Chu Feng, they could not do the same for those clansmen of theirs. After all, those were brothers and sisters of theirs that they had lived alongside for many years, people that had struggled in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm with them.

No matter how cold-hearted one might be, one would still have emotions. At the very least, they had emotions for those people.