Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3155 - Change In Attitude

"Little brother, for you to be this powerful at such a young age, I am truly in admiration, truly in admiration."

"Earlier, you said that you were called Chu Feng?"

"Why is it that I’ve never heard your name before?" That rank seven Heavenly Immortal asked.

He did not become angry because he failed to defeat Chu Feng.

On the contrary, upon finding out that Chu Feng was stronger than him, his attitude toward Chu Feng became even more courteous than before.

"I have only recently returned to the Chu Heavenly Clan," Chu Feng said.

"Only recently returned to the Chu Heavenly Clan?" The Dongguo Heavenly Clansmen became even more puzzled upon hearing what Chu Feng said.

Suddenly, a man from the Dongguo Heavenly Clan seemed to recall something. He asked Chu Feng in a verifying tone, "Earlier, you said that you were called Chu Feng?"

"Precisely," Chu Feng answered.

"That name sounds quite familiar," at that moment, even that previously rude and unreasonable woman began to speak with a much better attitude. She even said in a joking manner, "You couldn’t possibly be senior Chu Xuanyuan’s son, right?" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I am indeed Chu Xuanyuan’s son," Chu Feng said.

"What?!!!"

Chu Feng’s words came like a sudden clap of thunder. His words were even more astonishing than the strength that he had revealed earlier.

"You said you’re Chu Xuanyuan’s son? For real? You’re really Chu Xuanyuan’s son?" That woman asked consecutively.

"My father is indeed Chu Xuanyuan," Chu Feng replied with a smile.

"This..."

At that moment, the Dongguo Heavenly Clansmen looked to one another. Deep astonishment filled their faces.

Chu Xuanyuan’s son; that was no small matter at all.

At that moment, they seemed to have realized why Chu Feng would be so different from the other Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

"Young master Chu Feng, I am Dongguo Hangyi. I hope that you don’t take offense to my rudeness earlier," that rank seven Heavenly Immortal said to Chu Feng.

"I am Dongguo Yue. I was merely joking around with you earlier. Please don’t take things seriously," the woman said with a smile on her face.

The five Dongguo Heavenly Clansmen outside all began to introduce themselves to Chu Feng.

Their attitudes were truly a heaven and earth difference from before.

"Chu Feng, it would appear that your father’s name is very useful."

"His name might end up becoming your protective talisman in the future."

Upon finding out that Chu Feng was Chu Xuanyuan’s son, they actually acted even more courteously than when Chu Feng revealed his strength to them.

Because of that, Her Lady Queen was unable to keep herself from teasing him.

"Their reactions have served to prove how powerful my father was back then. I hope that one day I will also be able to reach my father’s achievements," Chu Feng gasped with admiration.

Following that, Chu Feng was invited into the Dongguo Heavenly Clan’s city.

Upon entering, Chu Feng finally met the strongest genius of the Dongguo Heavenly Clan in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

Upon meeting that person, Chu Feng was slightly surprised.

The reason for that was because the world of martial cultivators was a world where men were generally more talented at cultivation than women.

As such, it would generally be the men that would be the strongest among a group.

However, the strongest genius of the Dongguo Heavenly Clansmen present was actually a woman.

That woman should be about to reach three hundred years of age. However, her appearance was that of a young woman in her early twenties.

That said, she was not an outstanding beauty. On the contrary, her appearance was very mediocre. Even though Chu Feng felt that Dongguo Yue, who had deliberately made things difficult for Chu Feng outside the city gates, was only a woman with some beauty, she would definitely be considered a beauty should she be compared to that woman.

Although she had a very mediocre look, she had a great amount of class.

Furthermore, Chu Feng was unable to detect her cultivation. Chu Feng felt that the woman being able to lead the Dongguo Heavenly Clan and gain a standing in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, definitely possessed the cultivation of at least a Martial Immortal.

The woman was called Dongguo Bingyu.

Currently, Chu Feng and Dongguo Bingyu were the only two people inside the palace.

"Young master Chu Feng, why don’t you tell me the reason that brought you here."

Dongguo Bingyu was a very intelligent person. She seemed to know that Chu Feng had come for a reason.

With her saying those words, Chu Feng no longer attempted to act courteous, and directly mentioned his purpose in coming.

After chatting with Dongguo Bingyu for some time, Chu Feng left the Dongguo Heavenly Clan’s city and began to return to the Chu Heavenly Clan.

Although Dongguo Bingyu expressed that she would no longer continue to hold a grudge for what the Chu Heavenly Clan did back then, she did not explicitly express whether or not she would help the Chu Heavenly Clan.

Faced with such a reaction it was unsuitable for Chu Feng to press the subject.

As such, Chu Feng did not attempt to overstay his welcome, and decided to leave after chatting with Dongguo Bingyu.

Unknown to Chu Feng, Dongguo Bingyi waved her hand after he left the palace hall.

Following her wave, two figures immediately appeared from behind her.

They were two men, one fat and one skinny. They were both members of the Dongguo Heavenly Clan.

The two of them could be said to be among the strongest Dongguo Heavenly Clansmen beside Dongguo Bingyu.

Although the two of them were of completely different sizes and looked completely different, they were actually blood brothers. The two of them were known as the ’Mighty Dongguo Duo.’

"Follow Chu Feng," Dongguo Bingyu said to the Mighty Dongguo Duo.

"Big sis Bingyu, you want us to protect him?" The Mighty Dongguo Duo’s fatty asked.

"Follow him first. Judge his behavior. If it’s good, protect him. If it’s not, you can abandon this matter and ignore it."

"Of course, I will not be the one to judge his behavior. Instead, the two of you will be the judge," Dongguo Bingyu said.

"Got it," the two men clasped their fists. Then, their bodies shifted, and they began to fly in the direction that Chu Feng had left in.

Chu Feng did not know that Dongguo Bingyu had dispatched two of her strongest subordinates to secretly watch him.

Thus, in Chu Feng’s impression, he had only managed to successfully reconcile with the Dongguo Heavenly Clan, and had not been able to receive their assistance.

This could not be blamed on the Dongguo Heavenly Clan. After all, Chu Feng did not mention the fact that he had offended the Burnfield Monstrous Clan and the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

Chu Feng was one such individual. He would not hold back at all when helping others.

However, he had always been unwilling to request help from others.

Furthermore, journeying from the Lower Realm, Chu Feng knew that he was only able to become who he was thanks to all those grand individuals that had helped him.

If it wasn’t for those benefactors of his helping him during moments of crisis, he might not have been able to survive.

However, Chu Feng also realized that one absolutely could not place one’s reliance on others all the time if one wanted to grow.

He must rely on himself.

As such, Chu Feng was prepared for the retaliation of the Burnfield Monstrous Clan and the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

Although he was already prepared, Chu Feng did not expect the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s retaliation to arrive so quickly.