Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3159 - Retaking One’s Territory

Chu Feng and the others were extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, they arrived at the plaza and landed in the center.

"Rescue them," Chu Feng said upon landing.

Right after he said those words, there were immediately Chu Heavenly Clansmen that soared into the sky to rescue the suspended Chu Ping, Chu Qing, Chu Shuangshuang, Chu Haoyan and Chu Huanyu.

Seeing this, the people from the Burnfield Monstrous Clan immediately prepared themselves to attack and stop the Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

"Cough, cough..."

However, at that moment, Fenye Ganghao coughed twice, and waved his hand to indicate to his men that there was no need to stop them.

The people from the Burnfield Monstrous Clan firmly believed that, with Fenye Ganghao present, Chu Feng and the others would not be able to play any tricks. Thus, they stopped their movements and did not do anything.

With this, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen successfully rescued Chu Ping and the others and began to treat their injuries.

Fortunately, although Chu Ping and the others appeared to be seriously injured and in very miserable states, their minds were not badly damaged. At the very least, they were not tortured to a state of insanity by the Burnfield Monstrous Clan.

After sizing up Chu Feng, Fenye Ganghao asked, "You are that Chu Feng?"

Fenye Ganghao’s tone was extremely arrogant. It was as if he were a king questioning a commoner.

Chu Feng was neither servile nor overbearing when responding to Fenye Ganghao’s question. In a deemphasizing manner, he said, "Precisely."

"You are quite courageous. However, I can tell you this with certainty. In coming here today, you will not only not be able to rescue anyone, but you too will be ruined here," Fenye Ganghao said. After saying those words, he suddenly stood up and looked to Chu Feng with a murderous and confidence-filled gaze.

It was as if Chu Feng and the others were already fishes on the chopping block, waiting for him to slaughter them.

"I, Chu Feng, have not come here today only to rescue people. Nor have I come here to throw away my life," Chu Feng said.

"Oh? In that case, why don’t you tell me what brought you here today?" Someone from the Burnfield Monstrous Clan asked curiously.

Chu Feng did not refuse that question. He raised his arm and suddenly exerted strength. "Bang!" The slab under his feet shattered to pieces, and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s flag he held in his hand was firmly inserted into the ground.

"I, Chu Feng, have come here today to retake our Chu Heavenly Clan’s territory," Chu Feng said.

"What? This brat... he came to snatch our territory?"

"Wha... what makes him think he’s capable of that? What?"

"Motherfucker! He actually brought a bunch of trash here to snatch away our Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory? Is that brat insane or what?"

Chu Feng’s words immediately brought forth a massive commotion. The Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen all revealed extremely displeased expressions.

The Burnfield Monstrous Clan had grown accustomed to bullying the Chu Heavenly Clan.

In their eyes, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were merely a bunch of incompetent cowards, a bunch of trash.

If the people that one considered to be trash decided to come with the intention to snatch away one’s possessions, how would one feel?

Furthermore, that trash in their eyes spoke in a deadly serious manner, as if he were truly capable of accomplishing it.

One would find it ridiculous and infuriating. One would be determined to properly teach that trash a lesson and let them realize how powerful one was.

That was precisely what the Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen were feeling at that moment.

They were determined to teach Chu Feng a proper lesson.

"Sure enough. It’s truly as they say, one will not believe it until one sees it. You are truly arrogant."

"However, what makes you think you’re capable of it? What makes you think you can snatch away our Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory?" Fenye Ganghao asked.

"Merely by the fact that I am someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan," Chu Feng said.

"Haha. Ridiculous! Someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan, you say? The people of the Chu Heavenly Clan are nothing more than a bunch of trash. Were you concerned that I didn’t already know that you’re trash and decided to intentionally stress that fact?" Fenye Ganghao burst into loud laughter.

As for Chu Feng, he smiled lightly.

"I know that you might be considering our Chu Heavenly Clansmen to all be trash right now."

"However, that doesn’t matter. The past is not important. What’s important is the future."

"Soon, you’ll all change that opinion of yours. I will leave an imprint in your hearts with my actions. As for that imprint, you’ll all firmly remember it."

"From this point on, the people of our Chu Heavenly Clan will become your Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s masters."

Chu Feng’s eyes were fixed on Fenye Ganghao as he said those words. Furthermore, his gaze was filled with contempt. It was as if Fenye Ganghao was truly a slave in his eyes, and would soon be utilized by him and listen to his every order.

This caused Fenye Ganghao to feel extremely displeased.

"Impudent and reckless bastard! If I don’t teach you a lesson today, you will not know how powerful our Burnfield Monstrous Clan is!"

"I will have you know right now exactly who the masters of this land are, and who the slaves are!"

At that moment, Fenye Ganghao’s long hair started to flutter. At the same time, he released his powerful rank nine Heavenly Immortal-level oppressive might without holding back in the slightest.

Once his oppressive might was released, heaven and earth immediately darkened. Not only did the Chu Heavenly Clansmen become nervous, but even the guests beside Fenye Ganghao became nervous.

Although Fenye Ganghao’s oppressive might was invisible to the naked eye, the crowd present were capable of sensing it, capable of telling how frightening it was. His oppressive might was like overflowing waves, a beast capable of devouring the heavens, as it moved toward Chu Feng and the others to oppress them.

If one were to be submerged by that oppressive might, one’s body would definitely be torn to pieces.

"Zzzz~~~"

Right at that moment, lightning appeared on Chu Feng’s forehead. The Divine level Lightning Mark appeared on Chu Feng’s forehead.

At the same time, Fenye Ganghao’s oppressive might arrived. However, right after his oppressive might approached Chu Feng, it vanished like smoke in thin air.

"This..."

At that moment, the guests invited over by the Burnfield Monstrous Clan, the Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen and even the Chu Heavenly Clansmen all revealed astonished expressions. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

None of them had expected Chu Feng to be so powerful.

After all, Chu Feng was no longer concealing his aura. After he unleashed his Divine level Lightning Mark, his aura had become that of a rank nine Heavenly Immortal.