Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3167 - Time To Cry

Whilst the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan and the entire Burnfield Monstrous Clan were proceeding toward the Chu Heavenly Clan, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were completely immersed in the joy and excitement of having defeated the Burnfield Monstrous Clan.

One matter that was worthy of mentioning was that Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys, seemingly wanting to laugh at Chu Feng, had secretly arrived at the main city.

However, before they even approached the main city, the three of them were stunned with disbelief on their faces. In fact, they were rubbing their eyes repeatedly, as if they were afraid that they were mis-seeing things.

The reason for that was because they were able to see from afar that the flags on the vast main city’s city walls were actually their Chu Heavenly Clan’s flags.

“Big brother Hongyi, this... exactly what is going on here?”

“That Chu Feng, he couldn’t possibly... possibly have really defeated the Burnfield Monstrous Clan and recaptured this territory, right?”

Seeing their Chu Heavenly Clan’s banners fluttering in the wind all around the main city, the two men that had followed Chu Hongyi not only did not show any sign of joy, but they were instead showing a worried expression.

“Let’s go. We’ll go and have a look,” Chu Hongyi was also unwilling to believe this to be the truth. Thus, he ordered them to continue onward.

When they were able to see the entire city up close, they did not see any Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen. Instead, there were Chu Heavenly Clansmen celebrating joyfully inside.

“Heavens! That Chu Feng actually succeeded?! How did he accomplish that?!”

At that moment, Chu Hongyi’s two lackeys were completely dumbstruck.

It was not only the two of them; even Chu Hongyi was completely dumbstruck.

The Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s Fenye Ganghao was a rank nine Heavenly Immortal. How could Chu Feng possibly defeat him?

“Look, isn’t that Chu Hongyi?”

Right at that moment, there was someone with good eyesight that noticed Chu Hongyi.

Upon hearing that person’s cry of alarm, the crowd all turned their gazes in Chu Hongyi’s direction.

“Aiyo, isn’t that our big brother Hongyi?”

“Big brother Hongyi, you’ve come to laugh at us, no? My deepest apologies. Unfortunately, we have disappointed you. Oh, that’s incorrect. It is little brother Chu Feng who has disappointed you."

"We did not end up being massacred by the Burnfield Monstrous Clan. Instead, they were the ones taken care of by us. Right now, they have all scrammed. This territory now belongs to us."

There were immediately many voices that began to sound once they discovered Chu Hongyi. The great majority of them were mocking him.

Chu Hongyi had always been a coward, a weakling, when faced with outsiders.

However, when faced with his own clansmen and allies, Chu Hongyi was incomparably arrogant and tyrannical. He refused to allow anyone to disobey him.

Before Chu Feng came, due to their fear of his strength, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were undaring to voice their anger and resentment. In fact, they would have to flatter him nonstop.

However, with Chu Feng supporting them, they no longer had to act like that. They were finally able to voice the resentment toward Chu Hongyi that they’d held in their hearts.

"You bunch, you dare to speak to me in such a manner?!"

"Have you all grown tired of living?!"

Seeing the crowd that used to be completely obedient to him actually mocking and ridiculing him now, Chu Hongyi was immediately furious.

"Oh my, sure enough, you’re a cowardly dog toward outsiders, and a fierce tiger toward your own."

"What’s this? You did not dare to fight the Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen that you could defeat, but you will come and attack us now?"

"Come, go ahead and attack us. Why don’t you beat us to death? If word of this matter is to spread, I shall see how you can continue to act so mighty and arrogant."

"That’s right. Come, beast us, beat us to death. I shall see how little brother Chu Feng will take care of you."

However, even though Chu Hongyi had threatened them, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were not afraid at all. On the contrary, their mockery of Chu Hongyi increased, as if they were deliberately testing his patience.

"You bunch!" Seeing this scene, Chu Hongyi began to gnash his teeth angrily. His fists were clenched tightly. In fact, even his veins were bulging.

He was truly enraged. Had it been before, he would’ve already attacked them and taught them a proper lesson. However, he did not dare to do so now.

The reason for that was because he was truly somewhat afraid.

As for the person he was afraid of, it was none other than Chu Feng.

"Enough, everyone, quiet down!"

Right at that moment, a voice was heard. It was Chu Ping.

With help from the crowd, Chu Ping’s injuries had already recovered greatly.

As Chu Ping was someone with some authority amongst the Chu Heavenly Clansmen to begin with, and was now very close to Chu Feng, so close that he had decided to believe in Chu Feng when no one else did, the crowd felt that he had a superb relationship with Chu Feng. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

As such, they began to revere Chu Ping even more.

As such, once Chu Ping spoke, the crowd immediately shut their mouths.

"We are all brothers of the same clan. Even if Hongyi has done something wrong, there is no need for everyone to ridicule them like this. As for that, it is also not something that little brother Chu Feng would wish to witness. He most definitely does not wish for our clansmen to have internal strife."

"Everyone, let us all yield to one another. Let us drop all the things of the past," Chu Ping spoke loudly.

Once Chu Ping said those words, even though a lot of people were unwilling to accept it, no one said anything, as they felt that Chu Ping had a very close relationship with Chu Feng, and most likely knew him better than them.

"Three little brothers, this main city has returned to our Chu Heavenly Clan. We no longer have to return to that rotten place anymore. From today on, we can all stay here," Chu Ping said to Chu Hongyi and the other two.

"Big brother Chu Ping, are you serious?"

"You all are truly willing to admit us?"

"Will little brother Chu Feng really be willing to forgive us?"

Hearing those words, the two men beside Chu Hongyi were immediately overjoyed.

"What kind of foolish talk is that? We are of the same clan to begin with, how could we have actual conflicts with one another?"

"This place is a home for all of us," Chu Ping spoke with a smile on his face.

Hearing Chu Ping say those words, the two men began to beam with even more happiness. They immediately flew over to Chu Ping.

Only Chu Hongyi continued to stand in midair in a hesitant manner.

Seeing this, the two men flew back to Chu Hongyi and dragged him down with them toward the city.

Chu Hongyi still felt uncomfortable.

Actually, he also deeply wished to enter the city and follow Chu Feng. After all, with how strong and talented Chu Feng was, it would naturally be beneficial for him to follow Chu Feng.

However, he had refused to believe Chu Feng so determinedly earlier. If he were to lower his head now, he would feel very ill-at-ease.

Seeingly knowing what Chu Hongyi was thinking, Chu Ping immediately soared into the sky, arrived beside Chu Hongyi and began to persuade him.

Being urged by Chu Ping, Chu Hongyi finally flew down and landed in the city.

After Chu Hongyi landed in the city, Chu Ping instructed the people that had insulted Chu Hongyi earlier to step forward to apologize to him.

It was as if the crowd had truly reconciled with one another.

However, Chu Haoyan and Chu Huanyu were looking at all of this with a smile on their faces without saying anything.

They knew that Chu Feng would not admit Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys.

Whilst Chu Hongyi and the others were feeling joyous at present, they would start crying the moment Chu Feng came out.