Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3170 - The Wretched Three

"Exactly what is going on here?"

Chu Feng was completely puzzled. He did not understand why the Asura God Stone would appear there, coincidentally be obtained by his grandfather or his father, and placed in there..

What Chu Feng was most confused about was why the stone that even Her Lady Queen was unable to lift was so ordinary in his hand.

Could it be that Chu Feng’s father or perhaps his grandfather also possessed the same sort of power as Chu Feng? Could that be the reason why they were able to place the sacred cultivation resource of the Asura Spirit World, the Asura God Stone, in the isolated space?

"Forget about it. No matter how hard I think about it, I will not be able to figure it out. It’s better that I ask the Clan Chief about this after I leave this Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. Perhaps he knows the origin of the Asura God Stone."

Chu Feng sighed and then left the isolated space.

Upon returning to the main city, Chu Feng immediately noticed that Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were also inside the city. Not only were the three of them talking cheerfully and wittily with the clansmen inside the city, but the contents of their conversation were actually them being magnanimous toward lowly characters, and forgiving those Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

Forgive? This coward was capable of disregarding his clansmen in death; who would possibly require his forgiveness?

Clearly no one owed him anything. He was the only one that owed everyone else.

Suddenly, Chu Feng shouted, "Get the hell out of here!"

Chu Feng’s loud shout completely frightened everyone present.

However, upon discovering that the person that came was Chu Feng, the great majority of the people present became very joyous.

Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were the only ones that were truly afraid.

"Who allowed the three of you into this place?! Scram!" Chu Feng pointed at Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys.

"Little brother Chu Feng, it is I who allowed them in here. We..." Seeing this, Chu Ping immediately rushed forward.

However, Chu Feng did not bother to pay attention to Chu Ping. Instead, he pointed at Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys and shouted at them once more, "I have said it already that our territory will be completely unrelated to you all, that you all are not allowed to take a step into our territory!"

"Get the hell out of here right now! Furthermore, do not allow me to see you all again, otherwise... I will beat you every time I see you!"

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng narrowed his brows and immediately released his overwhelming oppressive might.

His oppressive might targeted only Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys. In an instant, the three of them were blown to the ground.

Seeing this, how could the three of them dare to hesitate anymore? They immediately stood up and began running. Their appearance was truly wretched.

"Well done!"

"Serves them right!"

"Pah!"

Seeing the wretched appearance of the three fleeing men, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen not only did not feel any pity toward them, but they instead felt extremely refreshed. This was the result that they wanted to see.

No, not everyone was happy. There was an exception. As for that person, he was Chu Ping.

"Little brother Chu Feng, why must you do this? Aren’t we all family?" Chu Ping asked.

"Big brother Chu Ping, look carefully at everyone’s reactions," Chu Feng said to Chu Ping.

Actually, Chu Ping had noticed the crowd’s reactions even without Chu Feng mentioning it.

He was actually unable to understand the crowd’s reaction. After all, no matter how excessive Chu Hongyi and the others were, they were still their clansmen.

"Big brother Chu Ping, I know that you deeply value the affection between our fellow clansmen. However, I must remind you that indecisiveness of yours will not only harm yourself, but it will also bring harm upon others."

"If you feel sympathy for them, you can very well do so. No one will stop you from feeling sympathy for them, and no one will be able to stop you from feeling sympathy for them."

"However, you don’t have any authority to ask us to also feel the same sort of sympathy for the three of them."

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng turned around. He did not wish to continue talking with Chu Ping.

Chu Feng had already mentioned the issue regarding his overflowing sentiments toward his fellow clansmen. However, it would appear that Chu Ping was unable to fix that fault of his in a short period of time.

Chu Ping needed to go and think over this himself. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Big brother Chu Ping, you must not blame little brother Chu Feng. Little brother Chu Feng is right regarding this matter."

"That’s right. It was little brother Chu Feng who insisted on coming to save you all. That Chu Hongyi would not have come to save you."

"You were not there, and don’t know about the cutting remarks Chu Hongyi made when little brother Chu Feng decided to bring us along to save you all. Not only did he not believe that little brother Chu Feng would be able to succeed, but he was even mocking us."

"He’s truly not qualified to be our fellow clansman, not qualified to be our brother, and most definitely not qualified to enjoy the benefits conquered by little brother Chu Feng."

The Chu Heavenly Clansmen began to talk to Chu Ping after Chu Feng left.

Hearing what the crowd said, Chu Ping’s expression became very complicated. He understood their reasoning too. However, he was still worried about Chu Hongyi and the two others, still reluctant to let them go.

Even though Chu Hongyi had done many things to harm him, he still cared about Chu Hongyi.

Chu Ping was truly unable to part with those sentiments of his.

"Chu Ping, there is one thing that I believe I should tell you," right at that moment, Chu Huanyu suddenly stood forth.

"Little brother Huanyu, what is it?" Chu Ping asked.

"One must be able to distinguish between right and wrong. One cannot shield both right and wrong. With your temperament, will you also shield your son if he ends up killing his fellow clansmen?" Chu Huanyu asked.

"I..." Chu Ping did not expect Chu Huanyu to suddenly ask such a tricky question.

"Actually, the way I see it, compared to a shameless and despicable bastard like that Chu Hongyi, a hypocritical pushover like yourself is equally repulsive."

"I know that Chu Feng will not drive you out. However, I’d hope that you’ll be able to keep your emotions in check. Else, while Chu Feng won’t do anything to you, I’ll one day become impolite with you."

"Of course, you shouldn’t blame me for it either. After all, compared to you who wants us to accept and admit Chu Hongyi and the others, I’m the one that is actually thinking for everyone’s sake," Chu Huanyu said to Chu Ping with a beaming smile.

However, everyone was able to sense the dangerous signal within Chu Huanyu’s smile. Chu Huanyu was serious, and not joking around.

"Oh, that’s right. You should rejoice at the fact that I am still weaker than you."

"Otherwise, it would not be another day. Instead, I would’ve attacked you right then when you wanted everyone to accept Chu Hongyi and those other two. After all, that hypocritical pushover appearance of yours truly disgusts me."

After he finished saying those words, Chu Huanyu turned around and left.

No one said anything against what Chu Huanyu said.

Not even Chu Qing and Chu Shuangshuang said anything about it.

The reason for that was because everyone present knew that Chu Ping’s personality was actually not so good. His weak-willed heart would one day bring harm upon everyone.

Indeed, Chu Ping needed someone to beat him awake. As for Chu Huanyu, he could be said to be a suitable candidate for that.

Meanwhile, Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys had left the main city. However, perhaps because they were too panic-stricken, they were actually fleeing in the wrong direction. They did not run toward their territory that was destroyed by the Burnfield Monstrous Clan, but were instead fleeing in the direction of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

"That Chu Feng is simply too tyrannical. He simply has no affection toward his fellow clansmen," one of the two lackeys spoke in a very displeased voice.

"Actually, we cannot blame him. We never showed any familial affection toward him either. If we were standing in each other’s shoes today, we would likely be even more excessive than him, no?" The other lackey said.

"Hey! Why are you speaking for him?!"

"I am not speaking for him. I’m merely telling the truth. If we have to blame anyone, then we can only blame ourselves for making a misstep and underestimating that Chu Feng. Thus, we can only blame ourselves for ending up like this."

"You! You want to seek shelter from that Chu Feng, isn’t that right?!"

"Do you not want to do the same? If you didn’t, you wouldn’t have entered the main city earlier."

The two of them were arguing back and forth. They were arguing so much that their faces turned red with anger.

"Stop arguing! I’m telling you all that our decision is definitely not mistaken," right at that moment, Chu Hongyi spoke.

Hearing those words, the two of them both looked to Chu Hongyi.

Once they did that, they discovered that Chu Hongyi was not looking at the two of them. Instead, he was looking far into the distance.

Not only that, Chu Hongyi actually also had a smile on his face.