Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3171 - Betraying One’s Clan

"Big brother Hongyi, what do you see?" The two men asked simultaneously.

The two of them realized that Chu Hongyi was most definitely seeing something. The reason for that was because Chu Hongyi’s gaze was very different. It was a sign that he was using a world spirit technique of his to look into the distance.

"I’ve seen Chu Feng’s judgment," Chu Hongyi said.

"Chu Feng’s judgment?" The two men became even more confused.

"You will understand it soon," as Chu Hongyi spoke, he took out a little bell.

He infused the little bell with his spirit power. Then, that bell started to grow in size. In the blink of an eye, the finger-sized bell turned into an enormous bell capable of containing ten people.

The golden bell covered the three of them within it. Furthermore, as Chu Hongyi controlled the bell, the golden bell disappeared. Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys also disappeared together with the bell.

Naturally, the three of them did not really disappear. They were still standing there.

That golden bell was a world spirit treasure that was capable of concealing the three of them. Combined with Chu Hongyi’s world spirit techniques, the bell was capable of unleashing a very powerful concealing effect.

Not long afterward, many figures appeared in the distant sky.

There were two groups of people. One group was the Burnfield Monstrous Clan. As for the other group, they were even more exceptional; they were the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

"The Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan and the Burnfield Monstrous Clan. Haha. That Chu Feng is doomed now."

Seeing those two groups of people moving toward the main city aggressively, Chu Hongyi’s two lackeys finally understood what he meant.

Indeed, Chu Feng’s judgment had come. After all, the Burnfield Monstrous Clan was under the protection of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

Chu Feng had snatched away the Burnfield Monstrous Clan’s territory and driven them out, and now, the Burnfield Monstrous Clan had returned with the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan. It was obvious that they’d come to settle their debt with Chu Feng.

"Big brother Hongyi, why are all the Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen kneeling?"

"That’s true. Even if they are seeking the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s help, there’s no need for them to act this way, no?"

Soon, the two of them voiced the questions in their hearts. That is, the Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen were all kneeling. Even the strongest among them, Fenye Ganghao, was kneeling.

"Why do you all care about that? What you all should be caring about is how the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan will take care of those brothers and sisters of ours," Chu Hongyi said.

“Humph, brothers and sisters? If they were our brothers and sisters, how could they drive us out?”

“A bunch of bullshit, I say. They’re simply a bunch of vile characters that would sell their souls for gain. I truly hope that the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen will kill them,” the two men spoke with fierceness.

“There’s no need to go so far as killing them. However, teaching them a bit of a lesson would be good,” Chu Hongyi revealed an expression filled with anticipation as he said those words.

He was deeply looking forward to what would happen.

He was also greatly anticipating Chu Feng renouncing his insufferable arrogance and kneeling before the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan and the Burnfield Monstrous Clan.

Whilst the three of them were immersed in joy and excitement, the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s group had arrived over their heads and quickly passed by.

However, right after they passed by the three of them, the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen all stopped.

At the beginning, they were confused. However... when Qingyu Yunlong looked toward them, they immediately felt extremely uneasy.

Qingyu Yunlong’s gaze looked as if he had discovered them.

"Big brother Hongyi, we couldn’t possibly have been discovered, right?" The two lackeys asked nervously.

"Impossible. Although this Heaven Concealment Bell of mine can only be used once, it is extremely powerful. Unless one is a Dragon Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist, it’s simply impossible to detect us. As for the Dragon and Tiger Brothers, although they are Martial Immortal-level experts, they’re most definitely unable to see through my Heaven Concealment Bell," Chu Hongyi spoke in a very confident manner.

"Woosh~~~"

However, right after he finished saying those words, Qingyu Yunlong waved his sleeve and immediately brought forth a massive wind. Even the ground began to tremble violently.

At the same time, boundless oppressive might rushed toward them like a massive tide.

"Boom!" The Heaven Concealment Bell that surrounded Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys was shattered into pieces.

As for Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys, they were completely crushed by that oppressive might.

At that moment, Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys immediately turned deathly pale in the face.

They already had no heart to concern themselves with how Qingyu Yunlong managed to discover the three of them.

What they were worried about was how Qingyu Yunlong would punish them. After all, the three of them were also Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

"Milord, please spare us, please spare us."

"Everything was done by that Chu Feng. It is unrelated to us, unrelated to us."

Suddenly, Chu Hongyi knelt and began to kowtow and beg for forgiveness.

He was extremely low and petty. He was simply like a dog, and did not possess any of his impressiveness when bullying his fellow clansmen.

Seeing this, Chu Hongyi’s two lackeys also knelt and began to beg for forgiveness repeatedly.

"You all are unrelated to Chu Feng?" Qingyu Yunlong asked.

"We don’t have any relationship with him. Instead, we are bitter enemies," Chu Hongyi said.

"Bitter enemies? How did this come about? Tell me about it," Qingyu Yunlong said.

Chu Hongyi immediately began to mention the conflicts between him and Chu Feng. Naturally, he had added details to his story.

"Very well, since that’s the case, the conflict between us and Chu Feng will be unrelated to the three of you. Seeing the courageous spirit that the three of you possess, are you willing to become subordinates of our Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan?" Qingyu Yunlong asked.

Hearing those words, Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys simply did not dare to believe their ears. In utter astonishment, they asked, "Milord, are you serious? Are you truly willing to offer us shelter?"

Qingyu Yunlong took out three title plates. On the title plates were the words ’Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.’

He tossed the title plates to Chu Hongyi and the others. Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys immediately extended their hands and carefully caught the title plates.

"Should you all throw away the title plates on your waists, you’ll all become members of our Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan right away," Qingyu Yunlong said. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Of course, we’re willing to do so."

Without the slightest hesitation, Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys threw away their Chu Heavenly Clan’s title plates and placed the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s title plates on their waists.

"Very well, follow us. We shall go and teach that immensely arrogant and conceited Chu Feng a lesson together."

After he finished saying those words, Qingyu Yunlong continued on with the journey. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from the three men’s line of sight.

As for Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys, they were completely overjoyed at this turn of events. To them, being able to obtain Qingyu Yunlong’s acknowledgement was simply an enormously fortunate and joyous thing.

Thus, they simply did not hesitate at all, and all soared into the sky to follow the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen.

Meanwhile, having put a vast distance between himself and Chu Hongyi, Qingyu Yunlong looked back.

There was nothing there. However, they all knew that Bai Liluo was there.

Merely, Bai Liluo did not wish to show herself, and had concealed herself.

"Miss Liluo, no matter what, the three of them are all members of the Chu Heavenly Clan. Furthermore, they’re people without any moral backbone that are willing to even discard their own clan’s title plates. Why do you want me to bring them along?" Qingyu Yunlong asked.

It turned out that it was Bai Liluo who had discovered Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys. It was also her decision to shelter them.

Qingyu Yunlong was extremely unwilling to accept this. After all, he deeply looked down upon the Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

Unfortunately, he found it very difficult to refuse, as it was something suggested by Bai Liluo.

That said, Bai Liluo did not answer his question.