Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3173 - With No Fear

"Strange. Why are they not attacking us? Furthermore, they’re not even saying anything?"

Soon, the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan noticed the strange activity of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

They were able to see the hatred-filled expressions and murderous gazes of the Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen. Those Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen were itching to skin and de-tendon them.

They were also able to see the disdain and contempt from the Burnfield Monstrous Clansmen.

As such, they were unable to understand why the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen didn’t immediately attack them nor even say anything to them, even though they had clearly come to take care of them. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Faced with such strange behavior from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen became even more uneasy.

Suddenly, someone shouted, "Look! Isn’t that Chu Hongyi?!"

They saw Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys rapidly flying over. Furthermore, they joined the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan and the Burnfield Monstrous Clan.

"Have they gone mad?"

The Chu Heavenly Clansmen were all completely puzzled by the sudden appearance of Chu Hongyi and the two others.

As the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan and their Chu Heavenly Clan were enemies, their actions were simply akin to entering the tiger’s den and courting their own destruction.

"No, everyone, look at the title plates on their waists!"

Soon, someone with good eyesight noticed the title plates on Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys’ waists.

"Those three, they actually..."

At that moment, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were both surprised and furious.

They had noticed that the title plates that Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys had on their waists were no longer those of their Chu Heavenly Clan. Instead, they were the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s title plates.

This meant that Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys had joined their enemies and betrayed their Chu Heavenly Clan.

"Chu Hongyi, have the three of you gone mad?!"

Suddenly, an incomparably furious voice sounded from among the Chu Heavenly Clansmen gathered there.

That voice was actually from Chu Ping.

Chu Ping not only had a furious look to him, but his body was also shivering from anger.

He had known that Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were absolute disgraces, however, he had not expected them to be so disgraceful.

They had actually renounced their Chu Heavenly Clan’s title plates and put on another clan’s title plates. Their actions were simply akin to renouncing their identity as Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

This was betrayal of one’s clan, an enormous crime.

Chu Ping was incapable of accepting or tolerating this sort of thing.

"Chu Ping, we have not gone mad. Even if someone has gone mad, the ones that have gone mad will be you all."

"You all were the ones to betray me first. Thus, do not blame me, Chu Hongyi, for what I did."

"Furthermore, I advised you all to not make an enemy of the Burnfield Monstrous Clan. Yet, you all refused to listen."

"Thus, if you want to blame someone, blame yourselves. You all have made the wrong decision. As such, you shall assume the consequences of your decision."

"You only have yourselves to blame for everything that’s happening today."

Chu Hongyi said to Chu Ping and the others.

Chu Hongyi did not have a trace of sympathy in his tone as he said those words. Instead, there was only mockery and ridicule.

It was as if he was itching to see Chu Ping and the others be tortured and suppressed by the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

"You three, you three..."

"I have considered the three of you as our fellow clansmen in vain. I, Chu Ping, am truly blind."

Chu Ping was so furious his face turned red. He was truly enraged. In addition to that, his heart felt extremely cold.

Whilst the earlier words from his clansmen were still unable to awaken Chu Ping, he was finally awoken at that moment. He finally realized what sort of people Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were.

The ones to awaken Chu Ping and make him realize exactly what sort of people Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were were none other than the three of them themselves.

However, faced with Chu Ping’s reprimand and their fellow clansmen’s disdain-filled eyes, Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys merely had disapproving looks on their faces.

The reason for that was because they simply had no feelings for Chu Ping and the others. All they cared about was their own self-interest. As for their so-called fellow clansmen, so-called relatives, they were nothing more than tools that they could make use of.

When their tools were of no use to them anymore, when their tools went so far as to displease them, they would show no quarter in destroying those tools.

Those sort of people were true scum. As for Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys, they were such scum.

That said, Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were also puzzled. They were puzzled at why the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan had yet to attack Chu Feng and the others.

Although they were puzzled, they did not dare ask about it due to how much they feared the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

However, it didn’t bother them. After all, they knew that Chu Feng and the others were doomed.

After some more time passed, a group of people flew over from afar.

They were a bunch of beast-faced humanoids, a group of monstrous beasts. Their sizes were enormous. Their height measured over three meters. Not only were they built very robustly, but their heads were those of lions. Furthermore, they emitted a fiery aura from all over their bodies.

They were the Fiery Lion Monstrous Clan. Like the Burnfield Monstrous Clan, they too were a subsidiary power of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

After the Fiery Lion Monstrous Clansmen appeared, they immediately arrived before the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan and greeted the Dragon and Tiger Brothers. After that, they stood behind the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan in an orderly manner.

Furthermore, they began to look at the Chu Heavenly Clansmen inside the city with mocking and ridiculing expressions.

After the Fiery Lion Monstrous Clan arrived, more and more powers arrived in succession. The great majority of them were all subsidiary powers of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan. However, there were also a portion of them that were only powers from the surrounding region.

As the saying goes, the noise level goes up when more people are gathered together. As more and more people arrived, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were finally able to hear some voices, and realize the purpose of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan.

It turned out that there was a reason why the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan had arrived before their city, but didn’t attack them immediately.

They were waiting, waiting for those other powers to arrive.

As for their intention, it was very simple. They planned to teach the Chu Heavenly Clan a lesson before all those powers.

They were planning to punish the Chu Heavenly Clan to set an example for the others. They were planning to establish their might before all the people gathered here.

Finally, Qingyu Yunlong spoke. "Chu Heavenly Clan, you should all have realized what will soon happen to you, right?"

Once Qingyu Yunlong spoke, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen’s hearts all became tense.

In fact, many among them became so afraid that their expressions changed.

What would come would come eventually. And now, the calamity facing them had finally arrived.

Right at the moment when the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were shivering in fear, a thunderous voice sounded, "What will soon happen to us? I truly don’t know. Why don’t you explain it to us?"

Not only was that voice very resounding, but it was also spoken in a very ridiculing tone.

As for the person that said those words, it was naturally none other than Chu Feng.

After saying those words, Chu Feng leaped forward and landed on the city walls. He looked to the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen with a smiling gaze.

"You are Chu Feng?" Qingyu Yunlong asked.

"Why bother asking what you already know?" Chu Feng said.

"You truly do not know the immensity of heaven and earth," a sneer appeared on Qingyu Yunlong’s face as anger filled his eyes.

For Chu Feng to dare to contradict him before all those people, Qingyu Yunlong felt extremely displeased.

"He should have mentioned to you all what sort of person I am, no?"

Chu Feng cast his eyes toward a person behind Qingyu Yunlong.

As for that person, he was none other than Qingyu Fengming, who had been ruthlessly taught a lesson by Chu Feng in the underground cave.

"Chu Feng, who do you think you’re facing today? The ones you’re facing today are big brothers Qingyu Yunlong and Qingyu Yunhu. The two of them are both Martial Immortal-level experts."

"Today, even if you are to kneel and beg for forgiveness, it will still be useless. You must pay for your actions," Qingyu Fengming spoke with rage fuming between gritted teeth.

What Chu Feng had done to him back then had caused him to hate Chu Feng to the bone.

Originally, he had expected Chu Feng to be scared witless with Qingyu Yunlong and Qingyu Yunhu coming to take revenge for him.

Never did he anticipate for Chu Feng to have such a confident and fearless expression on him the entire time. This caused Qingyu Fengming even greater displeasure.

Qingyu Fengming felt that the reason Chu Feng was acting like this was because he did not know how powerful Qingyu Yunlong and Qingyu Yunhu were.

As such, he deliberately mentioned how powerful Qingyu Yunlong and Qingyu Yunhu were as he spoke.

However, Chu Feng merely shrugged his shoulders at Qingyu Fengming’s words. With a very indifferent attitude, he said, "I know they’re Martial Immortals. However, what of it?"

At that moment, Qingyu Fengming’s face turned ashen. As for everyone else, they were all astonished.

Even the Mighty Dongguo Duo that were hiding were startled by Chu Feng’s words.

At that moment, the great majority of people were all thinking the same thing, ’Could this Chu Feng truly be unafraid of death?’