Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3176 - Chu Feng’s Big Sister

“B-B-Bai Liluo, s-she’s also here? S-She really came here?”

At that moment, it was naturally the Chu Heavenly Clansmen that were feeling the most uneasy.

Many among them were shivering and sweating cold sweat out of fear. In fact, there were even people that were losing their footing. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

The reason for that was because, to them, there was no existence more frightening than Bai Liluo in the entire Eastern Region.

That said, whilst the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were all deeply frightened, there were also people with unconcealable joy on their faces.

As for those people, they were naturally Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys.

The three of them longed for the Chu Heavenly Clansmen to be punished and tortured. When the Mighty Dongguo Duo announced that the Dongguo Heavenly Clan would protect the Chu Heavenly Clan, they were deeply worried. They were extremely afraid that their wishes would fall through.

However, the situation was different now. Even though the Dragon and Tiger Brothers were unable to defeat the Mighty Dongguo Duo, they had not expected Bai Liluo to be there too.

If such a monster were to involve herself, she would be much more frightening than the Dragon and Tiger Brothers. Naturally, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen would suffer even greater misery.

As for that, it was precisely what the three of them were looking forward to.

"MIss Liluo, we’ll have to trouble you," Qingyu Yunlong bowed toward the location where Bai Liluo was once again.

"Buzz~~~"

After Qingyu Yunlong finished saying those words, the location which he bowed toward started to tremble.

Following that, a petite figure appeared.

Seeing that person, everyone’s expressions changed. The Chu Heavenly Clansmen and the Mighty Dongguo Duo all revealed extremely uneasy expressions. As for the Burnfield Monstrous Clan, Chu Hongyi and the others, they were all extremely excited.

The reason for that was because practically everyone present knew that that seemingly adorable white-haired little girl was actually the renowned and frightening monster of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s Eastern Region, Bai Liluo.

Suddenly, a loud shout was heard, "We pay our respects to Lady Liluo!"

Looking toward the direction of the shout, a large group of people had half-kneeled in midair.

They were a power of influence.

Although they did not have any relationship with Bai Liluo, they went as far as to half kneel to her for the sake of flattering her.

Immediately afterward, other powers copied them.

In the blink of an eye, the great majority of the powers present were half kneeling to Bai Liluo. Even those that did not kneel to her had clasped their fists and bowed to her. Before Bai Liluo, those people dared not show the slightest bit of negligence.

Even though they knew that Bai Liluo was on their side, they still had a deep fear of her.

"Miss Liluo, I truly did not expect for us to meet again in this place."

"Speaking of it, our Dongguo Heavenly Clan has somewhat of a friendship with Miss Liluo too. Miss Liluo, might you be willing to give us some face today and not involve yourself in this matter?"

After Bai Liluo appeared, the elder of the Mighty Dongguo Duo immediately spoke to her.

Not only did he take the initiative to express his goodwill, but he also had an eagerly attentive smile on his face, and spoke with a fear-filled voice.

With the elder of the Mighty Dongguo Duo acting like that, the Dragon and Tiger Brothers and the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen became even more complacent.

The reason for that was because his actions had revealed that they were afraid of her.

However, no one expected for Bai Liluo to not even bother to look at the elder of the Mighty Dongguo Duo. She was acting as if she had not even heard him.

Bai Liluo turned her gaze toward Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys.

"The three of you, have you genuinely decided to join the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan?" Bai Liluo asked.

"Lady Liluo, we are completely sincere," Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys hurriedly clasped their fists.

"In that case, are you three still clansmen of the Chu Heavenly Clan?" Bai Liluo asked again.

"Since we have joined the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan, we naturally no longer have any relationship with the Chu Heavenly Clan," Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys said.

"You three..."

Hearing those words, in addition to Chu Ping, everyone else from the Chu Heavenly Clan revealed furious looks.

They truly never expected Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys to, for the sake of a temporary benefit, betray their clan.

That said, compared to the Chu Heavenly Clansmen that were merely angry, a cold gaze appeared in Chu Feng’s eyes. Contained within that cold gaze was killing intent.

"Yoh? Seems like someone has unleashed their murderous desire."

Right at that moment, Bai Liluo suddenly turned her gaze to Chu Feng.

"Betraying one’s clan is a capital offense," Chu Feng did not bother to conceal his desire to kill Chu Hongyi and his two clansmen.

It would be understandable should Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys decide to join the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan for the sake of preserving their lives.

However, when Bai Liluo questioned them earlier, they did not show any hesitation, and immediately said that they were no longer members of the Chu Heavenly Clan.

This meant that they simply did not hold the Chu Heavenly Clan in any importance at all. It was precisely because they did not view the Chu Heavenly Clan with importance. So much so that they were willing to so easily renounce their identities as members of the Chu Heavenly Clan.

Chu Feng felt that clansmen like them should be killed.

"Chu Feng, do you think that you’ll be able to kill the three of them today?" Qingyu Yunhu looked to Chu Feng and asked with a beaming smile on his face.

"It is impossible to kill others inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. However, I, Chu Feng, will absolutely not forgive them for what they’ve done," Chu Feng said.

"Very well, what a powerful proclamation. Everyone, did you all hear that? The son of Chu Xuanyuan has spoken."

"Come, broaden our horizons. Let us witness exactly how heaven-defying the son of Chu Xuanyuan might be. Let us witness how you will take care of the three of them before Miss Liluo," Qingyu Yunlong spoke those words with a face covered in a mocking smile.

Once he said those words, the crowd burst into laughter. They all began to look at Chu Feng with mocking gazes. They all felt that he was overestimating his capabilities.

In fact, even Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys began to laugh.

"Chu Feng, oh Chu Feng, you truly do not understand the situation you’re in. Could it be that you still don’t know who you’re facing right now?"

"The person you’re facing right now is not only the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan, you are also facing Lady Liluo."

"Had it been before, perhaps I, Chu Hongyi, might fear you. However, today, I will stand right here and not move in the slightest."

"I shall see how you will be able to touch a single hair of mine," Chu Hongyi pointed to Chu Feng and spoke loudly.

"That’s right. Chu Feng, weren’t you very amazing, very insufferably arrogant? If you’re capable, why don’t you come and take care of the three of us?"

"That’s right, go ahead and attack us. We’re traitors, but what can you possibly do about it?"

"Let’s see whether it will be you who will be taught a lesson first, or us who will be taught a lesson first."

Following Chu Hongyi, his two lackeys also began to mock and ridicule Chu Feng.

The three of them were acting like dogs that had discovered their master. They could be said to be completely and vividly manifesting what they meant by ’a dog threatening others based on its master’s power.’

Seeing Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys acting like this, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen turned deathly white with rage. Many among them were unable to contain their anger, and began to curse them out.

Even Chu Ping began to curse at them. At that moment, Chu Ping truly regretted placing so much trust in Chu Hongyi back then. If he were given the chance to start over, he would definitely not defend Chu Hongyi again.

Chu Hongyi was truly not qualified to be a member of their Chu Heavenly Clan.

However, the more furious the Chu Heavenly Clansmen became, the more pleased Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were. The reason for that was because the three of them knew very well that the Chu Heavenly Clan was simply unable to do anything to them right now.

They were also not afraid that the Chu Heavenly Clan would do anything to them after they left the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

That’s because they felt that even though Chu Feng and the others would be able to leave the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm alive, they would’ve lost their minds by then.

No one would believe words spoken by madmen. As such, no one would know about what the three of them had done by then.

"Your actions are witnessed by both the heavens and the people present. Chu Hongyi, the three of you will receive retribution!" Chu Ping pointed at Chu Hongyi and cursed. He was so furious that even his voice was trembling.

"Even if there are retributions for our actions, so what? I, Chu Hongyi, have lived my life in a worthwhile manner to see you all die before me," Chu Hongyi sneered.

Following him, his two lackeys also started to laugh complacently.

"Wuuahh~~~"

However, right after Chu Hongyi’s words left his mouth, his expression changed enormously, and he began to scream.

In the next moment, everyone’s expressions changed.

They were surprised to discover that Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys were actually tied together.

What had tied the three of them up was a crimson rope. No, that was not a rope. Instead, it was a long, crimson snake.

Not only did that crimson snake envelope Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys, but its scales were digging into their bodies, causing them enormous pain.

What surprised the crowd the most was that the crimson snake was actually an Immortal Technique. Furthermore, that was Bai Liluo’s Immortal Technique.

Wasn’t Bai Liluo the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan’s guest elder? Why did she attack Chu Hongyi and his two lackeys?

The crowd were all filled with confusion.

"Lady Liluo, why are you doing this?"

Chu Hongyi resisted his pain with great difficulty and questioned Bai Liluo.

Even though he was tied up by Bai Liluo’s ability, he was still extremely respectful and cautious when speaking with her.

As for Bai Liluo, she did not even bother to pay attention to his question.

Instead, she looked to Chu Feng and said to him with a beaming smile on her face, "Since you wish to cripple the three of them, I, as your big sister, will naturally have to help you succeed."

"What? Big sister?!!!"

The crowd’s expressions all changed upon hearing Bai Liluo’s words.