Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3180 - Iceseal Forbidden Region Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Following Bai Liluo, Chu Feng flew for a very long time before landing on a vast mountain range.

There were no grass or trees present on the mountain. From a glance, all of the mountain peaks were covered by ice and snow.

Violent wind whistled past as snow filled the entire sky. Even a cultivator of Chu Feng’s level was able to feel a bone-chilling sensation on that mountain.

The atmosphere was so cold that not even martial cultivators were able to withstand it. It was no wonder one could see no signs of life there.

"My little brother Chu Feng, welcome to the most dangerous place in the entire Eastern Region, the Iceseal Forbidden Region."

Bai Liluo opened her arms and turned around to look at Chu Feng. Although she was stating that it was very dangerous, she had an excitement-filled face.

"And? Exactly what is in this place?" Chu Feng asked.

"What’s here will definitely make you interested. However, you’ll have to help me in order to obtain it."

"However, your world spirit techniques have yet to increase. As such... I have decided that I will hand you the reward for your help first, and have you help me afterwards."

"Otherwise... with the strength that you possess right now, it will be very difficult for you to help your big sister."

After Bai Liluo said those words, the smile on her face became very meaningful. Then, she pointed her finger downward.

"Boom~~~"

The ice under her feet started to cave in. A bottomless cave appeared on the mountain peak.

"Follow me," Bai Liluo jumped straight into the cave.

Chu Feng did not hesitate, and immediately jumped inside after her.

Chu Feng was not afraid that Bai Liluo would try to bring harm to him. If she had wanted to harm him, she could’ve done so on the way there, or even outside of the main city when the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan was planning to take care of him.

Thus, even though he had only known her for a short period of time and did not know her very well, Chu Feng had great confidence in her.

The cave was very deep. It led straight into the depths of the underground. Even with Chu Feng and Bai Liluo’s speed, it still took a very long time before they could land on solid ground.

The moment he landed, Chu Feng’s heartbeat started to accelerate. Not only did he start to look around cautiously, but Chu Feng, who ordinarily was calm in the face of death, actually became somewhat nervous.

To Chu Feng’s back was a wall. As for his front, it was pitch darkness.

Not even Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes were able to see through that darkness. As for his other observational methods, they were simply out of the question.

If darkness was all there was, Chu Feng would naturally not be so nervous.

The reason why Chu Feng became nervous was due to the voices that were coming from the darkness.

There were painful screams, mournful cries, furious roars, the sound of chewing food and the sound of friction from claws ruthlessly streaking across the walls.

Moreover, Chu Feng was able to feel an oppressive aura that caused his hair to stand on end. That aura even made Chu Feng feel great fear for his life.

At that moment, Chu Feng only had a single feeling. There were countless monsters more powerful than himself hidden in the darkness ahead. Any single one of them would be able to tear him to pieces and take his life.

At that moment, Chu Feng realized why Bai Liluo would say that this was the most dangerous place in the entire Eastern Region.

"My little brother Chu Feng, why are you standing there stunned? Quickly, follow big sister."

At the moment when Chu Feng was stunned, Bai Liluo’s voice sounded from within the pitch-black darkness.

Bai Liluo was not standing far from Chu Feng. She was only around several tens of meters from him. However, Chu Feng was unable to see her. The reason for that was because he was only able to see out to about ten meters.

One must know that Chu Feng was currently a rank eight Heavenly Immortal. He possessed omnipotent strength, and was capable of traveling through heaven and earth unimpeded.

In fact, even moving mountains and splitting the earth was an easy task that he could accomplish with a single thought. Even a mountain range several thousand kilometers long would be razed to the ground by a single wave from Chu Feng.

Not to mention the Lower Realms, even in the Ordinary Realms, Chu Feng’s strength was akin to that of a god. He was capable of utter destruction.

However, inside that darkness, Chu Feng was actually only able to see outwards for a distance of ten meters, and not a single centimeter more.

There was no need to mention how frightening that place was. Contained within was power that Chu Feng could not contend against.

This was most definitely not a place that ordinary cultivators could enter.

"Hey, little girl, the sound coming from within should not be an illusion, right?" Chu Feng asked with a smile on his face.

"Of course not. Those things are all actual living beings," Bai Liluo said.

"Actual living things? Those are living creatures, and not created through spirit formations?" Chu Feng asked.

"Of course not. Why else do you think this place is called the Iceseal Forbidden Region?" Bai Liluo said.

"You’re saying that all those monsters are sealed here? This Iceseal Forbidden Region is a cage that seals those monsters?" Chu Feng asked.

"How should I explain it? Actually, it’s quite similar to what you said," Bai Liluo said.

"Gulp," hearing those words, Chu Feng was unable to keep himself from swallowing a mouthful of saliva. Then, he opened his mouth and asked, "In that case, is it possible for us to not enter this place?"

"No, that’s not possible. Quickly, come here," as Bai Liluo spoke, Chu Feng felt a powerful suction from Bai Liluo’s location. He was captured by that suction power and pulled into the darkness.

Fortunately, he only traveled several dozen meters before stopping.

At that moment, Chu Feng felt that he had gotten closer to those frightening monsters. Fortunately, Bai Liluo was right next to him.

Even though Bai Liluo had the appearance of a little girl, Chu Feng, for some unknown reason, felt much less nervous seeing her beside him.

Although Chu Feng did not wish to believe it, the little girl had truly given him a sufficient sense of security.

"Look at how scared you are. Don’t be afraid. Just follow big sister and those things will not be able to harm you," Bai Liluo smiled at Chu Feng. Then, she continued forward.

Seeing this, Chu Feng hurriedly followed after her.

As they made their way deeper into the darkness, Chu Feng was still only able to see out to a range of ten meters. However, after they walked for several kilometers, Chu Feng felt that he had entered the central region of those monsters.

The reason for that was because those frightening sounds were no longer only sounding from in front of him. Instead, they could be heard all around him. Furthermore, they sounded very close too.

Chu Feng determined that the monster that was closest to him was less than a hundred meters from him.

Martial cultivators were capable of killing others from a distance of ten thousand meters using merely their thoughts. In a range of a hundred meters, killing someone was simply akin to blowing off dust.

However, strangely, on their way there, Chu Feng did not feel killing intent from any of the monsters. Even though those monsters were filled with evil tendencies and were extremely vicious, they did not emit their killing intent at Chu Feng.

This was very unorthodoxed. After all, those monsters were all living creatures. Furthermore, for them to be imprisoned there, they should be vicious creatures. It should be impossible for them to be so good-natured.

There should only be a single reason as to why they did not aim their killing intent at Chu Feng.

As for that reason, it should be Bai Liluo. It was because Bai Liluo was standing there that those monsters did not emit their killing intent at Chu Feng.

Thinking of this, Chu Feng cast his gaze upon Bai Liluo.

It was only then that Chu Feng realized that Bai Liluo’s expression remained completely unchanged even after passing by those monsters.

Seeing this, Chu Feng had a sudden thought in his heart. He suddenly felt that the little girl was much more remarkable than he had imagined.

In fact, at that moment, Chu Feng was no longer certain if the girl was a human.