Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3186 - The Furious Bai Liluo

Once that Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipede bore into Chu Feng’s body, it immediately began to release its venom, which soon spread through Chu Feng’s entire body.

As the venom spread, black veins appeared on Chu Feng’s body. In an instant, the veins covered Chu Feng’s body completely.

At that moment, Chu Feng clenched his teeth tightly. Although he did not scream in pain, his fierce expression revealed that he was currently enduring unbearable pain.

"Go on and resist. This is only the beginning. You won’t be able to last for much longer," Qingyu Ruize sneered as he looked at Chu Feng.

Not long after Qingyu Ruize said those words, multi-colored veins began to appear on Chu Feng’s body. Those were no ordinary patterned veins. Rather, they were poison.

The poison had not only entered Chu Feng’s flesh, but it had also entered his soul. The pain Chu Feng was suffering increased manifold. Finally, Chu Feng was unable to endure the pain, and began to let out miserable screams.

Seeing Chu Feng like that, the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen finally showed satisfied smiles.

This was especially true for Qingyu Fengming. He had wanted to take care of Chu Feng the entire time. However, they had failed to take care of Chu Feng earlier because of Bai Liluo.

And now, Chu Feng had finally fallen into their hands. Furthermore, he was screaming and rolling around in pain. Seeing that, Qingyu Fengming felt as if he had finally obtained his revenge. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Bai Liluo, what’s up with you?! Your so-called little brother is suffering like this, are you still not going to show yourself?!"

"Could it be that you’re going to let him continue to suffer like this?!"

Suddenly, Qingyu Ruize started to shout loudly.

It turned out that he was actually planning to lure Bai Liluo out with Chu Feng’s screams of pain.

He knew that Bai Liluo was in closed-door training. If Bai Liluo were to suddenly stop at a time like this, she would definitely suffer a backlash.

"Heh, it’s useless," at that moment, Chu Feng clenched his teeth, forcibly endured the miserable torture, and let out an extremely weak sneer at Qingyu Ruize.

The concealment formation Chu Feng had set up had not only concealed Bai Liluo, but it had also isolated all sound from the outside.

As such, Bai Liluo was simply unable to hear the conversation from Chu Feng and the others.

"Chu Feng, you couldn’t possibly really be thinking that I would not be able to find out where Bai Liluo is just because you refuse to tell me, right?"

"As long as I want to find her, I will be able to find her. However, Chu Feng, the person that I want to take care of even more right now is you."

"I will make you die the moment you leave this Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. Even in here, you can only become a madman."

"As for this, it’s your consequence for refusing a toast, only to be forced to drink a forfeit."

After Qingyu Ruize finished saying those words, he took out ten more Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipedes.

The ten Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipedes were all thrown into Chu Feng’s body.

At that moment, Chu Feng was thoroughly unable to endure the pain, and began to scream and howl miserably. His screams were like thunder as they resonated through the underground palace.

Someone from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan walked toward Qingyu Ruize and said to him, "Big brother Ruize, you actually released that many Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipedes at once? That’s too much of a waste, no? After all, those Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipedes are very costly items."

"This Chu Feng is, after all, Chu Xuanyuan’s son. His willpower is stronger than that of ordinary people. A single Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipede might really not be enough to deal with him."

"However, since I’ve already done it, I must have him die thoroughly."

"Otherwise, if that father of his is to find out that he died by my hands, it might really become somewhat troublesome," Qingyu Ruize said.

"Big brother Ruize, is that Chu Feng’s father really that powerful?" Many Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen asked.

"I’ve never met him myself. However, according to the rumors, he is extremely powerful. It is likely that such a powerful person had never appeared in the Ancestral Martial Starfield before."

"Although I don’t know what he experienced to allow him to be imprisoned by a mere Chu Heavenly Clan, if a genius of that caliber is to be truly enraged, who knows what sort of thing he’d do," Qingyu Ruize said.

Hearing what Qingyu Ruize said, the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen all, to a greater or lesser degree, revealed timid looks on their faces.

After all, Qingyu Ruize was the person with the most prestige among them. As such, they firmly believed in his judgment.

Feeling timid, the crowd asked, "In that case, big brother Ruize, are you able to guarantee that Chu Feng will turn insane from today on, and will immediately die after leaving the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm?"

"Since we’ve decided to kill him, we must be ruthless. I’m indeed unable to guarantee anything with a single Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipede. However, with eleven of them, not even the Heavenly Emperor would be able to save him," Qingyu Ruize spoke confidently.

"I don’t know if the Heavenly Emperor will be able to save Chu Feng. However, the Heavenly Emperor won’t be able to save you all," right at that moment, a voice sounded.

The Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen turned toward the voice. Immediately, a dazzling light started to shine from that direction.

When that light started to shine, the entire underground palace was brightly illuminated by it.

The people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan were able to clearly see a figure standing in the near distance.

Upon seeing that person, fear immediately covered Qingyu Ruize and the other Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen’s faces. In fact, many people were shivering in fear.

The reason for that was because that person was none other than Bai Liluo.

Furthermore, the current Bai Liluo was no longer as adorable-looking as she was before.

At that moment, anger filled her little face. This was especially true for her beautiful eyes; they were filled with intense killing intent.

The current Bai Liluo was simply akin to a demon.

She was very frightening.