Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3187 - Obliterating Everyone

"Bai Liluo, you... aren’t you supposed to..."

Qingyu Ruize had an extremely frightened expression as he looked to Bai Liluo, who had suddenly appeared.

According to his knowledge, Bai Liluo was in closed-door training. If she were disturbed at any time during her closed-door training, she would suffer serious injuries.

However, did the Bai Liluo before him resemble someone that was seriously injured?

Bai Liluo completely ignored Qingyu Ruize. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Whilst the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan were completely frightened and shivered in fear, Bai Liluo set up a spirit formation that enveloped Chu Feng.

The spirit formation she set up soon assimilated into Chu Feng’s body and began to oppose the Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipedes within him. At that moment, the expression of pain on Chu Feng’s face was greatly relieved.

"I originally didn’t plan to kill you all. It’s you who have forced me to do so."

Finally, Bai Liluo turned her eyes toward Qingyu Ruize and the others.

The next moment, with a thought from Bai Liluo, firecracker-like explosions began to be heard.

At that moment, even Chu Feng, who was still suffering from the torture of the Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipedes, had an expression of astonishment on his face.

The reason for that was because everyone from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan had their bodies destroyed and souls shattered. They had all died.

In the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, the place where one could not kill others, Bai Liluo actually managed to instantly kill everyone from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan with a single thought.

After killing everyone from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan, Bai Liluo, with her expression still completely composed, walked over to Chu Feng. She rolled her eyes upon seeing Chu Feng and said, "Are you stupid? Why didn’t you call big sister out directly? Why did you insist on taking them on yourself? Did you know that if those poisonous centipedes were to truly assimilate into your soul after boring into your body, even I wouldn’t have been able to save you?"

"Weren’t you the one who told me to protect you? Why would you start blaming me now?" Chu Feng asked.

"Whilst I told you to protect me, that’s under the pre condition that you protect your own safety. Why did you try to show off when facing those you couldn’t handle?" Bai Liluo spoke in a somewhat blaming tone.

"But..." Chu Feng wanted to refute her. However, before he could say anything, Bai Liluo interrupted him. "Enough, just quiet down."

As she said those words, Bai Liluo took a fierce side-eye glance at Chu Feng again. Then, she began to operate the spirit formation that she had assimilated with him.

As Bai Liluo operated that spirit formation, the poisonous centipedes that were inside Chu Feng’s body were forced out one after the other.

Perhaps because they had failed in their assimilation with Chu Feng’s soul, the Soul-devouring Poisonous Centipedes soon died upon leaving Chu Feng’s body.

"Are these poisonous creatures created by world spiritists?" Chu Feng asked.

"Mn," Bai Liluo nodded.

Suddenly, Bai Liluo’s expression changed. Then, she sprayed out a mouthful of blood.

Bai Liluo’s body became extremely weak. In fact, her body even started to emit a strange light.

Generally, it was a sign of power and strength for a martial cultivator to be able to emit light from their body.

However, the light that Bai Liluo currently emitted was an indication of her weak health.

"Girl, you... you received a backlash?"

As Chu Feng was, after all, a Snake Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist, he was able to tell from a single glance that Bai Liluo was suffering from a backlash.

Furthermore, Chu Feng realized that Bai Liluo’s backlash must have been caused by the forced interruption of her closed-door training.

But, with the spirit formation that Chu Feng had set up earlier, it should have been impossible for the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen to discover her.

Thus, it must have been her who discovered that the situation was amiss, and forcibly discontinued her training herself.

Thinking about all of this, Chu Feng said to Bai Liluo, "Lecturing me, you’re the one that’s truly foolish."

"If I didn’t save you, you would’ve died," Bai Liluo said.

"It’s enough. Just close your mouth," as Chu Feng spoke, he began to set up a spirit formation to assist in alleviating the pain from the backlash that Bai Liluo was suffering.

"Boy, you..." Bai Liluo was a bit angry. However, when she saw the extremely serious expression on Chu Feng’s face as he treated her injuries, she actually stopped herself from scolding him. Not only that, she also smiled.

Her smile was very beautiful, and possessed great charm. It simply did not resemble the smile of a little girl.

Afterwards, Bai Liluo began to focus on treating her injuries.

Through their cooperative treatment, Bai Liluo’s complexion became much better. That strange light also disappeared.

"Well then, don’t worry about it anymore. I’m fine now," Bai Liluo said to Chu Feng with a smile after standing up.

Chu Feng did not say anything. However, he had a somewhat complicated expression in his eyes. Chu Feng knew that Bai Liluo only appeared to be fine on the surface. Her backlash was very serious. Likely, she would not be able to recover completely in a short period of time. Furthermore, her backlash would flare up frequently.

As for all of this, it was caused by him.

"Woosh~~~"

Bai Liluo waved her sleeve and gathered all of the Cosmos Sacks and treasures from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen.

"Those things all have traces of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan on them. It’s impossible to erase them."

"Thus, I cannot share them with you. Otherwise, they will make troubles for you. Don’t blame big sister for hogging them all to myself."

Bai Liluo looked to Chu Feng and smiled faintly. Then, she placed all of the treasures into her Cosmos Sack.

Right at that moment, Chu Feng suddenly asked, "Are you able to tell me what you are now?"

Chu Feng had no choice but to ask. He was impatient to know about Bai Liluo’s origins.

The reason for that was because Bai Liluo had greatly shocked him every time she revealed her strength.

This was especially true just now, after Bai Liluo breached the defensive formation of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm to directly obliterate the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen, Chu Feng concluded that Bai Liluo’s origin was most definitely no small matter.

The strength that she possessed was likely unimaginable.