Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3195 - Ridiculing Laughter

That pair from the Linghu Heavenly Clan should be charged with guarding the palace. They were there precisely to prevent the people from the Eastern, Southern, Western and Northern Regions from intruding into the Overlord Region.

Even though the two of them had concealed their auras, Chu Feng felt that they should possess strength surpassing that of everyone else present, including the strongest person from the Dongguo Heavenly Clan, Dongguo Bingyu.

As for those two people, they were also very proud. Even though there were a lot of people gathered there, the two of them were still had their eyes closed. It seemed as if they were unwilling to even greet the crowd. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

“Why would the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan also be here?” When Chu Feng and the others appeared, someone immediately noticed them.

“With their strength, they shouldn’t possess sufficient qualifications to participate in the Celebration of the New Excellence, no?”

“How are they qualified to replace the people from Mount Purpleflame?”

At that moment, many people began to quietly discuss the Chu Heavenly Clan.

“Don’t speak nonsense. You all must know that that young man over there is Chu Xuanyuan’s son, Chu Feng.”

That said, there was someone among them that knew about Chu Feng, and began to warn them.

“What? Chu Xuanyuan’s son?”

After being told by that person, everyone that did not know about Chu Feng revealed astonished expressions. They were unable to keep themselves from casting their gazes over to Chu Feng to re-examine him.

At that moment, even the two individuals from the Linghu Heavenly Clan opened their eyes to look at Chu Feng.

Their reactions were understandable. After all, Chu Xuanyuan was renowned throughout the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

“It is I who recommended the Chu Heavenly Clan to participate in this Celebration of the New Excellence. Do you all have any complaints?” Right at that moment, Dongguo Bingyu spoke.

Suddenly, a man in black asked, “Miss Bingyu, Mount Purpleflame is your Dongguo Heavenly Clan’s subsidiary power to begin with. We would naturally not have any objection for you to have them renounce their qualification to participate in the Celebration of the New Excellence so that the Chu Heavenly Clan can take their place.”

“Compared to this, I’m actually more interested in knowing why, when the Celebration of the New Excellence is about to begin, the people from the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan still haven’t shown up yet.”

That person was someone from the Soulseeker Church. Furthermore, he was very strong. Chu Feng felt that he should have the same level of cultivation as Dongguo Bingyu, and should be a rank two Martial Immortal.

He was most likely the strongest expert from the Soulseeker Church, the person who led the Soulseeker Church to gain the same status as the Dongguo Heavenly Clan and the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan in the Eastern Region.

"That’s true, why hasn’t the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan shown up?"

After that individual from the Soulseeker Church voiced his question, many other people also began to question why the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan still hadn’t shown up.

In fact, even the people from the Dongguo Heavenly Clan, Chu Qing and Chu Shuangshuang revealed puzzled expressions.

They did not understand why the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen did not show up. Only Chu Feng knew that the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen couldn’t possibly show up.

That day, Qingyu Ruize had led so many people with him to take care of Bai Liluo. Even if they didn’t bring all of the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm along with them, they must’ve brought the majority of them with them.

As for all those Cyanfeather Monstrous Clansmen, they’d all died. They didn’t lose their minds. Instead, they had actually died, and disappeared from the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

How could people that were already dead possibly show up?

"Humph, they’ve actually decided to not participate in the Celebration of the New Excellence. Has the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan grown to such an arrogant state?" Right at that moment, a light snort was heard. It was that female from the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

She was not concerned about why the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan did not show up. After all, to her, the fact that the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan did not show up meant that they were looking down on the Celebration of the New Excellence. Because of that, she became very displeased.

Then, she turned her gaze to Chu Feng. Her gaze was somewhat ill-intended. However, she did not say anything. In the end, she turned her gaze to Dongguo Bingyu and said, "Dongguo Bingyu, you should know that the strength of the participants in the Celebration of the New Excellence is the deciding factor as to whether or not we will be able to open the Formation of Light smoothly."

"Although Mount Purpleflame are very weak themselves, they were able to at least guarantee the smooth opening of the Formation of Light every year. If a problem is to arise this year, are you capable of taking responsibility for it?"

That woman had a very haughty attitude when she spoke to Dongguo Bingyu. Her attitude was simply like that of a god looking down upon a mortal. She was acting high and above, and incomparably cold.

That said, Chu Feng suspected that even if she was indeed stronger than Dongguo Bingyu, she should not be that much stronger than her. The reason why she was so condescending and arrogant was actually because she was a clan member of the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

"I, Dongguo Bingyu, dare to guarantee that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s newcomers this year definitely possess strength surpassing that of the Mount Purpleflame’s newcomers. Milady, if you don’t believe me, you will come to realize the truth when the Celebration of the New Excellence’s spirit formation is activated."

"That said, I think it’s not dependent on us as to whether or not the Formation of Light will be able to be successfully opened this year, but instead the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan. If they don’t show up, it will mean that the amount of participants in the Celebration of the New Excellence this year will decrease. Without a sufficient amount of people, it is very possible that we will fail to open the Formation of Light," Dongguo Bingyu clasped her fist as she said those words.

Although her tone was polite, her attitude was neither servile nor overbearing. Furthermore, every word she spoke was reasonable.

"Humph, you dare to guarantee? Very well, I shall see what sort of performance they’ll be able to display. If their performance ends up being extremely bad and leads to the Formation of Light being unable to activate, then even if the Cyanfeather Monstrous Clan should’ve shouldered the main responsibility because of their refusal to participate, you and the Chu Heavenly Clan will not be able to escape your crimes either," the woman spoke in a very displeased manner. After she finished, she closed her eyes once more.

Following her, the man from the Linghu Heavenly Clan beside that woman also closed his eyes. The two of them seemed to have entered a state of training once more.

"May I know what the Formation of Light is?" Chu Feng asked Dongguo Bingyu.

"You all should know that the Celebration of the New Excellence Formation is actually something that only you all, newcomers, can summon."

"Summoning the Celebration of the New Excellence Formation is actually only the first step. If you wish to obtain benefits, you all must enter the formation that is summoned. After entering it, you will encounter obstructions, and even dangers. The further you all manage to travel, the greater the benefits you’ll obtain."

"Furthermore, if a sufficient amount of people manage to enter deep into the New Excellence Formation, it will lead to the opening of the next formation, the Formation of Light."

"The Formation of Light is filled with light runes. Those light runes are extremely precious cultivation resources," Dongguo Bingyu said.

"In other words, if we are strong enough, we will be able to pass the New Excellence Formation, enter the Formation of Light, and receive even better cultivation resources?" Chu Shuangshuang asked.

"Hahaha, they actually know nothing. Say, Miss Bingyu, have you brought a bunch of ignorant greenhorns with you?"

"People as ignorant as them shouldn’t have come to participate in the Celebration of the New Excellence. Yet they actually fantasize about entering the Formation of Light? What a joke!"

Once Chu Shuangshuang’s words were heard, the crowd immediately started to ridicule her.

Even the two individuals from the Linghu Heavenly Clan that had already closed their eyes started to shake their heads.

Although they had not opened their eyes, the corners of their lips were raised into ridiculing curves.