Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3197 - Chu Xuanyuan’s Son

The moment Li Anzhi appeared, he immediately became the focus of the crowd.

In fact, even the Linghu Heavenly Clansman that were guarding the formations were giving Li Anzhi special treatment.

They had no choice but to do so. After all, Li Anzhi was one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars. This meant that he was one of ten strongest people of the younger generation in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Should he continue to mature, and not die young nor suffer unexpected accidents, someone like him would become a top rated character in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield in the future.

That said, Li Anzi was not the only newcomer that the crowd was paying attention to.

There were two other individuals that were being focused. The reason for that was because those two people, although they weren’t part of the Ancestral Martial Decastars at present, used to be part of the Ancestral Martial Decastars.

They had only lost their title in the Ancestral Martial Decastars because they’d grown past the age limit.

The two of them were called Puyang Han and Puyang Qi. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The two of them were from the same Heavenly Clan, the Puyang Heavenly Clan.

As for the Puyang Heavenly Clan, it was not only one of the Ten Great Heavenly Clans, but its strength also surpassed that of the Li Heavenly Clan.

That said, while the Puyang Heavenly Clan was stronger than the Li Heavenly Clan, those two Puyang Heavenly Clansmen that used to be part of the Ancestral Martial Decastars, Puyang Han and Puyang Qi, did not have cultivations superior to that of Li Anzhi.

Their cultivations were the same as Li Anzhi’s.

All three of them were currently rank seven Heavenly Immortals.

Thus, it could be seen that even though they were both members of the Ancestral Martial Decastars, the current generation’s Ancestral Martial Decastars were stronger than the previous generation.

That said, even though Li Anzhi was clearly younger than them and had talent superior to theirs, Puyang Han and Puyang Qi were disapproving of him.

Ever since the two of them saw Li Anzhi, they’d displayed condescending confidence. Furthermore, the two of them looked at Li Anzhi with gazes filled with provocation.

"Li Anzhi, it would appear that first place this time around will arise from among the three of us. Merely, I wonder if a youth like you will be able to surpass the two of us, your seniors," Puyang Han said to Li Anzhi. His tone was extremely provocative.

"The two of you are merely a bit older than me. I’m afraid that it would be unsuitable for you to address me as a youth, no?" Li Anzhi spoke with a smile on his face.

"In that case, you would not need the two of us to go easy on you, right?" Puyang Han said.

"Are you saying that the two of you would go easy on me?" The smile on Li Anzhi’s face became profound.

"Hahaha," hearing those words, the two men both laughed.

Go easy? How could they?

Everyone present knew very well that even though it was only a ranking, it was a great opportunity to prove oneself. No one here would go easy on anyone.

"Buzz~~~"

Right at that moment, runes and symbols flooded out of the spirit formation gate. Following that, the spirit power that had enveloped the spirit formation gate began to gallop toward the newcomers like fishes in the sea.

Witnessing that scene, the Linghu Heavenly Clansman in charge of guarding the formation shouted loudly, "All newcomers, focus on comprehending the profoundness within that spirit power. The ones to gain comprehension first will be able to enter the New Excellence Formation first, and obtain a decisive opportunity to gain more cultivation resources."

Hearing those words, everyone present, including Li Anzhi, Puyang Han and Puyang Qi, immediately closed their eyes and began to concentrate on comprehending the spirit formation symbol that had entered their heads.

"Buzz~~~"

However, immediately after they began comprehending it, the spirit formation gate started to react.

"Someone actually managed to gain comprehension this quickly?!"

Seeing this, even the expressions of the Linghu Heavenly Clansman changed.

Once that Linghu Heavenly Clansman blurted out those words, Li Anzhi and the others, who were completely focused on comprehending the profoundness of the spirit formation symbol, immediately opened their eyes.

They had only just started the comprehension process, and had only managed to comprehend a portion of the profoundness within it.

Thus, they felt that it would be impossible for someone to be able to gain complete comprehension of the profoundness within the spirit formation symbol.

At the moment when the crowd opened their eyes to look toward the spirit formation gate, a series of words began to appear on it.

Chu Heavenly Clan, Chu Feng.

"What?! Someone actually really managed to gain full comprehension and enter the New Excellence Formation?!"

The crowd were all astonished upon hearing those words.

"Unfair, this is simply too unfair! Since the formation was summoned by us newcomers from all four regions at the same time, how could the time to begin comprehending the profoundness be different?!" Puyang Han shouted in a very unreconciled manner.

The reason why he said those words was because he felt that the only reason someone was able to gain comprehension so much faster than him was because they’d begun sooner than him.

"You should think before speaking. This New Excellence Formation connects all four regions. All its steps are executed at the same time. There’s simply no unfairness. If you want to blame someone, you should blame yourself for having insufficient talent," that Linghu Heavenly Clansman said.

"You!!!" Being berated in such a manner, Puyang Han felt extremely displeased. However, taking into consideration the status of that Linghu Heavenly Clansman, Puyang Han decided to swallow the words that he wanted to say.

He couldn’t say it. Although they were both members of the Ten Great Heavenly Clans, the Linghu Heavenly Clan was simply too powerful.

Regardless of whether it might be inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm or in the Ancestral Martial Starfield, no one would dare to offend the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

"In that case, that would mean that there really is someone who managed to gain complete comprehension of the spirit formation’s profoundness in such a short period of time?"

"Truly inconceivable! Furthermore, that person is actually someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan. Is it that Eastern Region’s Chu Heavenly Clan?"

"But, hasn’t the Chu Heavenly Clan degenerated into desolation? How could such a powerful person appear from the Chu Heavenly Clan?"

"Chu Feng. Who is this Chu Feng? How come his name sounds so familiar?"

At that moment the crowd began to discuss the matter spiritedly.

Right at that moment, Li Anzhi suddenly spoke, "That Chu Feng is Chu Xuanyuan’s son."

"What?! Chu Xuanyuan’s son?!"

Li Anzhi’s words astonished the crowd even more.

Chu Xuanyuan was an existence that everyone in the Ancestral Martial Starfield knew about.

"Chu Xuanyuan’s son is indeed named Chu Feng. However, wasn’t it said that he was already dead?" Someone said.

"That is merely a rumor. Chu Feng didn’t die. Furthermore, he has already obtained the Chu Heavenly Clan’s acknowledgement, and returned to them. I never expected that he would also enter the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm this year," Li Anzhi’s gaze turned pensive.

The battle between him and Chu Feng was still vivid in his mind.

Actually, Li Anzhi had not wanted to enter the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. The reason for that was because he knew that the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm was protected with a spirit formation that made it so that the people inside would not die.

He felt that a place like that was not a place that actual martial cultivators should be. He felt that actual martial cultivators should expose themselves to danger.

It was precisely because of his dislike toward the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s protective formation that he had not entered the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm for so long. Otherwise, with his status, as long as he wanted to, he would have the opportunity to enter the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm every time it opened.

The reason why he had changed his mind and decided to enter the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm was because of Chu Feng.

After he was defeated by Chu Feng, Li Anzhi felt an urgent need to increase his cultivation. For the sake of increasing his cultivation, he was willing to do anything.

That was the reason why he decided to enter the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm that he disliked so much.

Merely, he did not expect for Chu Feng to have also entered the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. This meant that he would soon have the opportunity to fight Chu Feng again.

However, Li Anzhi had yet to increase his cultivation. If he were to encounter Chu Feng again, he would evidently still not be a match for him.