Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3198 - The Grand Formation’s Second Floor

“Humph, Chu Xuanyuan’s son? What a Chu Xuanyuan’s son. I shall see exactly how powerful that Chu Xuanyuan’s son can be.”

"That’s right, wasn’t he rumored to be trash incapable of cultivating? What’s this? Now he’s a divine dragon soaring to the sky? Hahahaha."

Puyang Han and Puyang Qi began to laugh mockingly.

However, they clearly had expressions of anger and displeasure on their faces.

Displeased. They were extremely displeased. How could they possibly feel good after Chu Feng stole their limelight?

Thus, they made the resolution that if they were to encounter Chu Feng in the New Excellence Formation, they would definitely teach him a lesson, so as to appease the anger in their hearts.

"That Chu Feng is not someone to be pushed around. I’d urge the two of you to not try to provoke him," Li Anzhi said.

"What’s this? You know him?" Puyang Han asked.

"Not only do I know him, I’ve also fought him before," Li Anzhi said.

"What was the result?"

This question was asked by a bystander. At the same time as that question was asked, everyone turned their eyes to Li Anzhi.

The reason for that was because they all wanted to know exactly who was stronger in the confrontation between Li Anzhi and Chu Xuanyuan’s son.

Although the title of Chu Xuanyuan’s son was extremely radiant and dazzling, Li Anzhi’s title as one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars was an actual symbol of his strength.

It was truly difficult to determine who among them was stronger, and who was weaker.

If they must guess, the crowd were more willing to believe that Li Anzhi was stronger.

After all, back then, Chu Feng had carried with him the reputation of being trash incapable of martial cultivation.

"I was defeated," Li Anzhi said.

When Li Anzhi said those words, he had a very uncomfortable expression. His fists were clenched tightly inside his sleeves.

As a genius, Li Anzhi had been looked up to by others since his youth. Because of that, he was extremely conceited.

That said, although he was a conceited individual, he was not a sham. A defeat was a defeat. Li Anzhi did not attempt to hide the outcome, nor did he try to belittle Chu Feng.

When Li Anzhi mentioned the outcome of their confrontation, the crowd were all left at a complete loss.

Even Li Anzhi was defeated. This shattered their impression of Chu Feng.

Could it be... that trash had truly managed to emerge in power?

At that moment, overwhelming waves were surging in the crowd’s hearts.

At that moment, the majority of the people present remembered the name Chu Feng in their hearts, and told themselves that, unless forced with no alternative, they would not provoke him. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

After all, Chu Feng was someone capable of defeating even Li Anzhi.

"Humph, you actually lost to trash like that. Li Anzhi, it appears that you’re nothing much."

"Sure enough, this generation’s Ancestral Martial Decastars are inferior to our generation’s."

Right at that moment, Puyang Han started to sneer.

Following that, Puyang Qi also revealed the same sort of ridiculing smile on his face.

They did not put up their guard against Chu Feng because Li Anzhi was defeated by him.

The reason for that was because they firmly believed Li Anzhi to be inferior to them.

"Do as you please," Li Anzhi also revealed a faint smile.

Li Anzhi actually did not place Puyang Han and Puyang Qi in his eyes either. When even he wasn’t a match for Chu Feng, Li Anzhi felt that if Puyang Han and Puyang Qi were to try to make troubles for Chu Feng, they would simply be courting death.

Li Anzhi had warned the two of them out of benevolence. He did not expect the two of them to be so ungrateful.

As such, Li Anzhi was disinclined to bother with them.

Right at that moment, that Linghu Heavenly Clansman in charge of guarding the Formation shouted loudly, "Still have the time to chat? Could it be that you all are no longer interested in the following ranks?"

"Although first place has been taken by someone already, the ones that will enter the New Excellence Formation afterwards will also be able to obtain a decisive opportunity. Could it be that you are all planning to give up?!"

The crowd only managed to react after hearing those words.

Although Chu Feng had managed to gain comprehension of the spirit formation’s profoundness and was the one to enter the New Excellence Formation first, the following ranks were still to be fought over.

As such, after that Linghu Heavenly Clansman reminded them, the crowd immediately closed their eyes again and began to comprehend the spirit formation’s profoundness.

Meanwhile, the people from the Eastern Region were still looking at the spirit formation gate with bewilderment on their faces.

Not to mention the Dongguo Heavenly Clan and the various other powers present, even the man and woman from the Linghu Heavenly Clan had astonished expressions on their faces.

Compared to the people from the other three regions, they had personally witnessed the speed at which Chu Feng had gained comprehension of the spirit formation’s profoundness and knew how astonishingly fast it was.

Chu Feng was no longer in the palace. He had already entered that New Excellence Formation.

However, the crowd were still unable to react. They were still immersed in shock and disbelief.

"What a Chu Xuanyuan’s son. His reputation is truly well-deserved."

"It would appear that an extraordinary character has arrived in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm this time around."

Finally, that man from the Linghu Heavenly Clan spoke. His voice shattered the heavy and quiet atmosphere.

While what he said was praising Chu Feng, he had a very serious expression on his face. In fact, there was a trace of restraining fear in his eyes.

The Linghu Heavenly Clan was the current overlord of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

However, such a powerful genius had arrived. He felt that it was not good for their Linghu Heavenly Clan.

While the crowd was astonished, Chu Feng had entered the so-called New Excellence Formation.

That so-called New Excellence Formation was actually a tower.

Chu Feng was currently on the first level of the tower. He discovered that there were a total of four entrances to the first level.

Chu Feng felt that the four entrances should be connected to the four respective regions.

Currently, he was the only person on the first floor. This meant that he should have been the first person to enter the New Excellence Formation.

No, Chu Feng was actually extremely confident that he was the first person to enter.

The reason why Chu Feng was so certain that he was the first person to enter the New Excellence Formation was not only because the speed at which he had comprehended the spirit formations’ profoundness was very fast. It was mainly because his name was inscribed on all four entrance gates.

Furthermore, his name was the only name present.

"It would appear that there are no cultivation resources on the first floor."

Chu Feng took a glance back. He had originally planned to wait for Chu Shuangshuang and the others.

However, judging from the way things were now, if Chu Feng were to wait for them to arrive, other people would likely enter as well.

Should that happen, Chu Feng would have lost this decisive opportunity, his first move advantage.

Thus, after a sigh, Chu Feng stepped onto the flight of steps leading to the second floor.

Although Chu Feng wanted to protect Chu Shuangshuang and the others, he did not wish to miss out on this decisive opportunity even more.

After all, he had entered the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm for the sake of becoming stronger. Chu Feng did not wish to miss this chance to become stronger.

Chu Feng did not feel any obstruction when passing through the second floor’s spirit formation entrance, and successfully entered the second floor.

Upon arriving on the second floor, Chu Feng’s expression changed.

The reason for that was because that New Excellence Formation’s second floor was completely different from what he had imagined it to be.