Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3201 - Entering The Fourth Floor

"Impossible, absolutely impossible. What sort of place do you think this to be? What sort of place do you think that fourth floor is?"

"Throughout history, all of the cultivators that have assembled here would have to work together as one in order to possibly find the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor."

"Listen carefully, I said ’possibly,’ not ’definitely’."

"From this, it can be seen how difficult it is to enter the fourth floor."

"Yet you, you actually think that Chu Feng’s capable of finding the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor all by himself. You’re simply joking," Puyang Qi mocked and ridiculed.

The crowd nodded at Puyang Qi’s words and expressed their agreement.

The crowd also did not believe that Chu Feng would be able to find the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor alone. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The reason for that was because that fourth floor was truly not easy to enter. In fact, for many people, entering the fourth floor was simply something that they would never imagine to be possible.

The reason for that was because it was simply too difficult.

"You all might be thinking that it’s unbelievable because you don’t know about Chu Feng. However, if you didn’t witness it yourselves today, would you all believe that there would be a person by the name of Chu Feng that was capable of entering the New Excellence Formation in such a short period of time?"

"You all felt that it would be impossible for Chu Feng to enter the New Excellence Formation’s third floor. However, if you were to inform others about how fast Chu Feng entered the New Excellence Formation, those people would likely feel that to be impossible too."

"What I want to say is, whether or not you believe it to be possible; it’s meaningless to argue with me or even guess if Chu Feng has entered the fourth floor."

"It is indeed possible for Chu Feng to have entered the fourth floor all by himself. After all, he has already accomplished something completely unbelievable all by himself."

"I am not bragging for Chu Feng. I’m merely telling things as they are. It would naturally be best if he didn’t enter the fourth floor."

"However, if he has indeed entered the fourth floor, I dare to guarantee that it’s definitely not a good thing for any one of us here."

"Everyone, you’d best not forget that the cultivation resources on every floor are limited," Li Anzhi had a calm expression. However, his words were very resounding and powerful.

Hearing what Li Anzhi said, not to mention the others, even the expressions of Puyang Han and Puyang Qi changed.

Indeed, although it sounded inconceivable, what if it really did happen?

What if Chu Feng had truly already entered the fourth floor whilst they all remained stuck on the third floor?

If that was the case, it would mean that Chu Feng had obtained the decisive opportunity, and was enjoying all the cultivation resources on the fourth floor by himself whilst they were still searching for him on the third floor.

"Regardless of where that Chu Feng might be, it remains that the cultivation resources on this third floor will not provide much help to us."

"The way I see it, it’s better that we don’t concern ourselves with that Chu Feng. Right now, we should work together as one and find the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor," Puyang Han said.

Puyang Han’s words were immediately met with the crowd’s approval.

Afterwards, under the leadership of Puyang Han, Puyang Qi and Li Anzhi, the crowd began to cooperate in searching for the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor.

Witnessing that scene, that Dongguo Heavenly Clan’s strongest newcomer began to have a whole new level of respect for Li Anzhi.

Although he had no idea why Li Anzhi would speak for Chu Feng, he felt that Li Anzhi had, at the very least, managed to successfully guide the crowd into quickly searching for the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor.

After all, for people like Li Anzhi, the cultivation resources on the third floor were pretty much useless. However, it did not mean that they were useless for everyone.

As such, that Dongguo Heavenly Clansman felt that the crowd were being exploited by Li Anzhi. Of course... the crowd were willingly allowing themselves to be exploited. Even he himself was the same.

He would rather give up on the cultivation resources on the third floor that were useful to him to challenge the fourth floor, which contained even better cultivation resources.

After all, entering the fourth floor was very difficult to accomplish. It was not something that would definitely be accomplished even with all the newcomers working together. It was something that could only be accomplished through the leadership of a powerful newcomer.

As for the present year, apart from Chu Feng, there were three other extraordinary newcomers. They were Li Anzhi, Puyang Han and Puyang Qi.

Thus, apart from a small portion of the crowd, the great majority of the people that had entered the third floor decided to follow the three of them.

The crowd were all hopeful that they would be able to enter the New Excellence Formation’s fourth floor.

Under the leadership of Li Anzhi, Puyang Han and Puyang Qi, and the full cooperation of everyone, the crowd finally discovered the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor.

Unfortunately, even though they managed to successfully discover the flight of steps to the fourth floor, to successfully enter the fourth floor was not an easy task in itself.

It turned out that one would feel a powerful oppressive sensation upon stepping onto the flight of steps leading to the fourth floor. Unless one possessed a very strong talent, then, not to mention entering the fourth floor, even ascending the flight of steps would be near impossible.

Because of that powerful pressure, only a small portion of people ended up being able to successfully enter the New Excellence Formation’s fourth floor..

It was worth mentioning that apart from Li Anzhi, Puyang Han, Puyang Qi and a few geniuses from other powers, a few people from the Dongguo Heavenly Clan also managed to enter the fourth floor. Among them included the Dongguo Heavenly Clan’s strongest newcomer, who had spoken out for Chu Feng earlier.

Even though the crowd had clearly ascended to the fourth floor for the sake of pursuing Chu Feng, they were all reacting as if they’d forgotten about Chu Feng after entering the fourth floor.

Neither Puyang Han nor Puyang Qi were shouting Chu Feng’s name anymore.

Everyone was doing the same thing. They all went their respective ways and began to search for cultivation resources. Should they discover any resources, they would begin to focus on refining them. After all, to martial cultivators, the most reliable thing would be their own strength.