Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3205 - Taking Care Of The Monster

"You’re the one that opened the fifth floor? You seem to have some skill."

"I might as well get straight to the point. I wish to experience the skills of Chu Xuanyuan’s son," Puyang Han said.

The reason why Puyang Han dared to challenge Chu Feng like that was because Chu Feng had concealed his aura. As such, he was unable to sense Chu Feng’s current aura, and did not know what Chu Feng’s current cultivation was.

Although Chu Feng had managed to enter the New Excellence Formation at an astonishing speed, and then managed to open the fifth floor, this could only prove that Chu Feng had outstanding talent, and was unable to prove how strong he might be.

As such, Puyang Han wanted to experience Chu Feng’s strength.

After all, if he was able to defeat Chu Feng, it would mean that he would have defeated Li Anzhi. To Puyang Han, this was a great opportunity to increase his reputation.

"You?"

"Forget about it. The current you is not qualified to fight against me," Chu Feng cast a glance at Puyang Han. Then, he turned his gaze upward once more.

"Bastard, you are truly arrogant!" Puyang Han was immediately infuriated by Chu Feng’s words. As he spoke, he flipped his palm, and an Incomplete Immortal Armament appeared in his hand.

"Wuuahh~~~"

However, right after the Incomplete Immortal Armament appeared in his hand, it was immediately released from his hand, and ultimately landed on the ground.

At the same time as that happened, Puyang Han was also brought into midair and crushed into the fifth floor’s wall by an invisible power.

"I’ve said it already, you’re not qualified to fight me. As such, stop making a fool of yourself."

At that moment, Chu Feng’s voice sounded again. Merely, Chu Feng did not even bother to take a single glance at Puyang Han as he said those words. His eyes were completely focused on the roof of the fifth floor.

That said, at that moment, the crowd present were in extreme unrest.

Not to mention the others, even Li Anzhi, who knew how strong Chu Feng was, had an expression of astonishment on his face.

They had felt Chu Feng’s aura the moment Chu Feng attacked.

Rank nine Heavenly Immortal. That cultivation was definitely the most frightening amongst the people of the younger generation within a hundred years of age.

At that moment, Li Anzhi felt extremely complicated emotions.

Back then, when Chu Feng was only a rank six Heavenly Immortal, he had defeated him, a rank seven Heavenly Immortal.

With that, Li Anzhi was able to imagine with clarity how powerful Chu Feng would be now that his cultivation had increased to rank nine Heavenly Immortal.

Likely, no one with a cultivation beneath Martial Immortal would be a match for Chu Feng.

That said, what brought the most unease to Li Anzhi was how astonishingly fast Chu Feng’s cultivation had increased.

It had not been a long time since they had last fought.

During that period of time, Li Anzhi had trained bitterly. However, he had only managed to increase his cultivation by a single level. Furthermore, it was all thanks to the New Excellence Formation that he managed to increase his cultivation.

However, Chu Feng had actually managed to increase his cultivation from rank six Heavenly Immortal all the way to rank nine Heavenly Immortal, increasing his cultivation by three entire levels.

Chu Feng had left Li Anzhi feeling far inferior. Li Anzhi began to wonder if he would ever be able to catch up to Chu Feng’s cultivation in his entire lifetime.

Right at that moment, Chu Feng suddenly shouted, "Everyone, quickly leave this place!"

"Ah?"

The crowd were all confused by Chu Feng’s sudden shout.

"Quickly, get away!" Chu Feng shouted once more.

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he immediately flew out of the fifth floor and forcibly used his power to bring everyone on the fifth floor out of the fifth floor with him.

After leaving the fifth floor, Chu Feng brought the crowd with him as he quickly flew into the distance.

The crowd were still confused by Chu Feng’s actions.

"Boom~~~"

However, not long after Chu Feng flew out of the fifth floor with the crowd, an ear-piercing rumble suddenly sounded from the fifth floor.

At the same time, a very powerful energy ripple swept past. At that moment, not only had the dust been lifted, but everything in the surrounding several tens of thousands of meters were destroyed.

When the crowd looked to the area above, they discovered that a giant monster over a thousand meters long had appeared in the sky.

That was a monster formed by a condensation of white light. Its limbs resembled those of horses, its body was that of a tiger and its head was that of a wolf. Even though it had a fierce look, it was shining brightly with light that made it look sacred and holy.

That said, what frightened the crowd the most was the aura emitted by the monster. Its aura was very terrifying. Feeling its aura, the crowd knew that it was capable of utter destruction.

Seeing that monster, the great majority of the people present turned their gazes to Chu Feng. There were grateful expressions in their eyes.

They finally realized why Chu Feng had forcibly taken them away from the fifth floor. The reason for that was because that monster was precisely borne from the fifth floor.

Fortunately, Chu Feng had saved them. Otherwise, it was likely that all of the people present would’ve ended up suffering a calamity.

"How could such a monster appear in the New Excellence Formation?"

At that moment, even Chu Feng was frowning. The reason for that was because that monster was simply too powerful. It gave off a feeling of being undefeatable. Even Chu Feng had no idea how to handle it.

Apart from escaping, Chu Feng seemed to be unable to think of another way to handle the monster.

Suddenly, someone said, "Chu Feng, that is the Holy Spirit Beast."

"Holy Spirit Beast? Why would it suddenly appear?" Chu Feng asked.

"How it appeared is not important. What’s important is that as long as it is defeated, the Holy Spirit Formation of Light will be summoned."

"If the Holy Spirit Formation of Light can be summoned, all of us will be able to enter it to train," someone added.

"Oh?" Hearing those words, Chu Feng’s expression changed.

Although no one had explained exactly what the Holy Spirit Formation of Light was, Chu Feng was able to tell that the Holy Spirit Formation of Light should be another grand cultivation formation. Furthermore, it should be much more powerful than the New Excellence Formation.

Truth be told, Chu Feng was also tempted the moment the Holy Spirit Formation of Light was mentioned.

After all, Chu Feng was merely a fine line away from becoming a Martial Immortal.

"Strange," suddenly, Chu Feng realized that something was amiss.

After all, in order to summon the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, that monster must be defeated. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

However, that monster was simply too powerful. It was simply impossible to defeat it.

Most importantly, Chu Feng noticed that everyone had turned their gazes to him.

Furthermore, their gazes were filled with longing, desire, hope and expectation.

Suddenly, Chu Feng came to a realization.

"These people want me to go and take care of that monster?"