Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3208 - Wuma Heavenly Clan

Controlling the crimson dragon, Chu Feng collided in battle with the Holy Spirit Beast.

Within the spirit formation’s containment, martial power exploded in succession, bringing forth surging energy ripples capable of toppling heaven and earth.

Being kept outside by the spirit formation, the crowd became extremely excited as they watched the battle. It was as if they themselves were engaged in battle too.

That said, the area where the battle was happening was simply filled with devastation. The crowd were simply unable to see the battle clearly. They were only able to sense the enormous might of the battle and exclaim in admiration at how terrifying it was.

That said, even with that being the case, they were still filled with expectation and excitement.

As for the reason why, it was purely because the battle concerned whether or not they would be able to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

Moreover, at that moment, they were all able to, to a greater or lesser degree, sense that even though the Holy Spirit Beast was very powerful, it was no match for the crimson dragon controlled by Chu Feng.

If this were to continue, the Holy Spirit Beast would sooner or later be defeated by Chu Feng.

In other words, even though the battle had yet to be decided, the crowd were already seeing hope, and were deeply looking forward to Chu Feng being able to defeat the Holy Spirit Beast.

"Young master Chu Feng is simply too amazing. With how powerful that crimson dragon is, it will definitely be a very difficult task to control it should one not possess sufficient talent. If it were me, I would definitely be unable to control that crimson dragon at all, definitely not be able to control it. Not only that, but I would likely receive a backlash from its enormous power."

"Rubbish, is there even a need for you to tell us that? One can tell merely by looking at it that it would be very difficult to control that crimson dragon, much less being able to unleash such overwhelming power after controlling it."

"Chu Xuanyuan’s son, his reputation is truly well-deserved. It would appear that another exceptional genius will be born to our Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm."

The crowd did not rest their mouths as they watched the battle. They were praising Chu Feng nonstop.

To be precise, what they were doing could not be said to be praising. After all, Chu Feng was doing everything that they were praising him for before their eyes. The admiration that they felt for Chu Feng came from the bottoms of their hearts.

That said, not everyone present hoped for Chu Feng to be able to defeat the Holy Spirit Beast.

For example, there were the people from the Puyang Heavenly Clan. They did not wish for Chu Feng to defeat the Holy Spirit Beast. Even though they would benefit from Chu Feng defeating the Holy Spirit Beast, they still did not want Chu Feng to win.

As for the reason why, it was actually very simple. They did not want Chu Feng to be able to gain reputation and bask in the limelight from it.

This was especially true for Puyang Han. Not only did he hope for Chu Feng’s loss, but he also hoped for Chu Feng to die at the hands of that Holy Spirit Beast.

"Damn it!"

As Puyang Han continued to watch the battle, his expression grew uglier and uglier. Not only that, but he was also clenching his fists tightly within his sleeves.

In the beginning, the Holy Spirit Beast was capable of fighting against the crimson dragon controlled by Chu Feng. However at that moment, the Holy Spirit Beast was fleeing in disarray. It did not even possess the ability to fight at that moment.

Most importantly, that Holy Spirit Beast was already covered in cuts and bruises. Even though it was fleeing, it was unable to escape from the crimson dragon’s attacks.

The battle was already decided. Victory and defeat was only an issue of time now.

No matter how unwilling they were, Chu Feng already held victory in his hands.

Soon, the matter of Chu Feng defeating the Holy Spirit Beast and summoning the legendary Holy Spirit Formation of Light would spread throughout the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

When someone left the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, the matter would no longer remain only something that would be spread throughout the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. Instead, it would be spread throughout the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

To Puyang Han, who detested Chu Feng, this was absolutely not something that he could tolerate.

Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do about it. He could only look on helplessly as all of this happened before him.

The more powerless he was, the more unreconciled Puyang Han became. The more unreconciled he became, the more he detested Chu Feng.

He was filled with hatred at the idea that a demon-level genius like Chu Feng would emerge in the world.

Because of a demon-level genius like Chu Feng, he who had considered himself to be a genius started to feel himself to be extremely inferior.

......

Meanwhile, a different scene was also happening elsewhere.

Inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s Overlord Region was a plaza. Located at the center of the plaza was a spirit formation entrance.

That spirit formation entrance was actually the entrance to the Formation of Light.

Many of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s experts were gathered in that plaza.

The Dongguo Heavenly Clan’s Dongguo Bingyu, the people from the Puyang Heavenly Clan and the people from the Li Heavenly Clan were also present in the plaza.They all seemingly had roles to play.

After Chu Feng and all the other newcomers had entered the New Excellence Formation, the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen guarding the spirit formation gates had opened them. This allowed Dongguo Bingyu and the others to directly pass through the spirit formation gate and reach the plaza.

Even though they’d managed to enter the plaza, they were only supporting characters.

The fully deserving leaders of that region were the powers from the Overlord Region.

As everyone knew, there were currently four powers in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s Overlord Region.

The most powerful among them was the Linghu Heavenly Clan. The Linghu Heavenly Clan was not only the ruler of the Overlord Region, but they were also the ruler of the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. They practically held control over the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm through their overwhelming strength.

No one dared to go against them.

Apart from the Linghu Heavenly Clan, the other three powers were the Nightmare Spirit Clan, the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan and the Wuma Heavenly Clan.

The Nightmare Spirit Clan was a very special clan. All of them donned black gowns. One could not see anything beneath their black gowns. Not only were their facial features unable to be seen, but even their eyes could not be seen.

The reason for that was because beneath those gowns were black gaseous bodies. The Nightmare Spirit Clansmen did not possess any shape. They were neither humans nor beasts. The black gaseous bodies were their true forms.

Being so special, they were very distinct on the plaza.

The Nightmare Spirit Clan was famous for their ruthlessness in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield. Reportedly, they possessed the most cruel methods to torture others in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

This was related to their special bloodline powers.

Apart from the Nightmare Spirit Clan, the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan was also very distinctive in the plaza.

In fact, the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan was even more eye-catching than the Nightmare Spirit Clan.

The reason for that was because they were simply too enormous. The Heaven-reaching Beast Clan was a bunch of giant beast-headed humanoids.

Even the smallest among them were over a hundred meters in height. The largest among them reached a thousand meters. Just sitting there, they resembled mountains.

To have so many colossuses gathered in one place, it was truly difficult for one to not notice them.

Moreover, both the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan were famous for their prowess in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. Their overwhelming strength had continued for several tens of thousands of years.

The two of them were enormous powers that very few people in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield would be willing to offend.

That said, even though the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan were so eye-catching and possessed great strength, it was still the Linghu Heavenly Clan that acted as the fully-deserving leader in the plaza.

The reason for that was because even the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan, those two enormously mighty clans in the Ancestral Martial Starfield, were only subordinates to the Linghu Heavenly Clan inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

The Nightmare Spirit Clansmen and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clansmen in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm had both submitted themselves to the Linghu Heavenly Clan. Although they were all powers in the Overlord Region, the two of them were merely subordinates of the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

There was no need to describe how powerful the Linghu Heavenly Clan was.

That said, the fourth power in the Overlord Region did not show themselves. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Although the crowd did not have any reaction to this on the surface, they were already secretly discussing it spiritedly amongst themselves.

They all knew who the fourth power was.

This was especially true for the people from the Eastern Region; they were extremely knowledgeable of the fourth power.

The fourth power was the Wuma Heavenly Clan, led by Wuma Shengjie.

Wuma Shengjie was a true genius. By relying on his overwhelming power, not only did Wuma Shengjie defeat all of his opponents in the Eastern Region in a short period of time, but he even defeated the people from the Linghu Heavenly Clan tasked with guarding the Overlord Region.

As everyone knew, should one be able to defeat the guardians of the Overlord Region’s entrance, that power would be qualified to enter the Overlord Region and gain status within it.

However, even though Wuma Shengjie had led the Wuma Heavenly Clan into the Overlord Region, they did not show themselves at that moment. This inevitably caused the crowd to start guessing if the Wuma Heavenly Clan had decided to refuse to submit to the Linghu Heavenly Clan like the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan, thereby causing them to meet with trouble from the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

Otherwise, why would the Wuma Heavenly Clan be the only one to refuse to show themselves when all three of the other powers of the Overlord Region had shown themselves.

After all, the Linghu Heavenly Clan had proclaimed that all of the powers’ newcomers would be qualified to enter the Formation of LIght this time around.

Logically, the Wuma Heavenly Clan should not have missed out on such an opportunity.

As such, the crowd felt that the only possible explanation was that the Linghu Heavenly Clan had invited both the Nightmare Spirit CLan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan, but did not invite the Wuma Heavenly Clan.

If this wasn’t deliberately making things difficult for the Wuma Heavenly Clan, what would it be?