Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3209 - The Actual Ruler

Of course, even though they were discussing the matter, no one dared to discuss it openly. Everyone was talking with one another through voice transmissions.

As for the reason why they were acting like that, it was naturally because they were afraid of the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

"Cough, cough."

Suddenly, a light cough was heard.

After that light cough was heard, everyone revealed serious expressions. Even the people that were secretly chatting with one another through voice transmission immediately stopped chatting.

The reason for that was because the person who had coughed possessed a truly extraordinary origin.

He was a man of robust build. Not only did he have a handsome look on his face, but he also gave off heroic airs.

Moreover, emitting from his body was the boldness of a ruler that very few people possessed.

Sitting there, he resembled a king overlooking his kingdom.

In this plaza, he was the ruler, and everyone else were his servants.

Furthermore, that icy expression on his face gave off a very powerful oppressive sensation.

That man was called Linghu Tiemian.

His name was a bit strange. Likely, only his parents knew why he was named such.

[1. Tiemian means iron face/iron mask.]

That said, his name was quite befitting of his icy and grim look.

However, to martial cultivators, one’s name would not be important. What would be most important would be one’s strength.

Inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm at present, that Linghu Tiemian was publicly accepted to be the strongest individual. He was someone who could cover the sky with one hand.

Inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, he was akin to an actual ruler!!!

In fact, it was not only true in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. Linghu Tiemian possessed a certain amount of fame in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

The reason for that was because Linghu Tiemian was one of the current Ancestral Martial Decastars. Furthermore, he was ranked third on the list.

He was an actual demon-level genius. Even in a place like the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, a place where countless geniuses gathered, he was still manifestly superior to all others, and an existence that others could not hope to reach.

Naturally, Linghu Tiemian was the leader of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

Although Linghu Tiemian was only a person of the younger generation and a junior among the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen, the world of martial cultivators was one where one’s seniority was not important. What was important was one’s strength.

"The entrance to the Formation of Light is about to open. Go and gather those newcomers," Linghu Tiemian said.

After he gave that order, someone immediately left to gather the newcomers.

At that moment, the people from the four regions were all unable to remain calm. They all began to look forward to what would happen.

Naturally, what they were looking forward to would be the newcomers from the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

Although they’d been on the plaza for some time now, they still hadn’t managed to see the newcomers from the Linghu Heavenly Clan, the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan.

The crowd were all very curious as to what kind of newcomers would emerge from those three powerful clans.

After all, regardless of whether it might be the Linghu Heavenly Clan, the Nightmare Spirit Clan or the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan, none of them lacked new blood and powerful geniuses.

Dongguo Bingyu was especially concerned. Compared to the others, she looked forward to the three clans’ newcomers even more.

The reason for that was because she knew that Chu Feng had appeared from the Eastern Region. In order to reveal Chu Feng’s talent and capabilities, he would need opponents and rivals.

Not long afterward, a group of newcomers appeared before the crowd.

Upon seeing the group of people from the younger generation, the entire plaza burst into an uproar.

The reason for that was because the newcomers were simply too powerful.

Even people like Dongguo Bingyu, who had trained in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm for many years, had heard of those newcomer’s distinguished names before, and knew their appearances.

In fact, Dongguo Bingyu, who was hoping for the newcomers from the three clans to be stronger earlier, was starting to feel uneasy.

The reason for that was because the newcomers from the three clans were simply too powerful.

The Linghu Heavenly Clan, the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan.

The newcomers that came from those three clans this time around were all people that possessed extraordinary talent. Among them, three individuals were most eye-catching.

They were respectively Tongtian Yuanming, Mengyan Wushang and Linghu Lun.

[1. Tongtian = Heaven-reaching. Mengyan = nightmare.]

Tongtian Yuanming was from the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan. His age was below a hundred years, and he was one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars. He was ranked eighth on the list.

Mengyan Wushuang was from the Nightmare Spirit Clan. He was also less than a hundred years old, and one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars. He was ranked seventh on the list.

Last was Linghu Lun from the Linghu Heavenly Clan, who was also less than a hundred years old and one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars. As for his ranking, it was above both Tongtian Yuanming and Mengyan Wushuang. He was ranked sixth on the list.

The crowd all knew very well what sort of existence the Ancestral Martial Decastars were. They were the ten strongest people of the younger generation in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

This time around, three such Ancestral Martial Decastars appeared at once. With this, how could the crowd not be astonished?

This was especially true for the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s Linghu Lun. His aura had surpassed that of Heavenly Immortals.

He was a Martial Immortal. Although he was only a rank one Martial Immortal, his cultivation was sufficient to stand above all of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s newcomers. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In fact, even Tongtian Yuanming and Mengyuan Wushuang were incomparably weak before him.

After all, the two of them were merely rank nine Heavenly Immortals.

Although it was only a thin level of difference between their cultivations, the gap between them was akin to that of heaven from earth.

No matter how powerful Heavenly Immortals might be, they would not be able to contend against Martial Immortals. This was an irreversible law of the cultivation world.

"The Linghu Heavenly Clan is truly amazing."

"It is no wonder they were able to rise to their current state in such a short period of time."

At that moment, the people from the various powers were all gasping in admiration.

Currently, the Linghu Heavenly Clan possessed so much power in the Ancestral Martial Starfield that they were capable of showing disdain for all the other powers in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

In fact, there were even people that felt that the Linghu Heavenly Clan not only stood above all other powers in the Ancestral Martial Starfield, but they were even capable of challenging overlords of the Starfield Master Realm.

In other words, the Linghu Heavenly Clan was already powerful enough to shake the position of the overlord of this starfield.

Originally, many people were puzzled by how the Linghu Heavenly Clan managed to emerge in power.

Many even wondered if there were experts from other starfields helping the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

However, after seeing the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s newcomers, they realized the reason for the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s emergence in power.

Layer upon layer of cultivation geniuses was the backbone of the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s enormous strength.

"Mn?"

At this moment when the crowd was astonished by how powerful the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s newcomers were, Linghu Tiemian revealed a dissatisfied expression.

"Where’s Mingye?" Linghu Tiemian asked Linghu Lun.

"Mingye?"

Upon hearing what Linghu Tiemian said, the crowd’s expressions changed enormously.

Linghu Mingye was also one of the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s geniuses. Not only was he one of the Ancestral Martial Decastars, but his rank was even higher than Linghu Lun. He was ranked fifth on the list.

Could it be that it was not only Linghu Lun, the demon-level genius of the Linghu Heavenly Clan, that had come to the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm? Even Linghu Mingye, a genius even more frightening, had come?