Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3210 - Abnormal Sign Appearing In the Sky

"Big brother Tiemian, Mingye said that he’s not interested in the Formation of Light and will not be participating because of that," Linghu Lun answered Linghu Tiemian’s question indifferently.

Although Linghu Tiemian was the fully-deserving leader of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, Linghu Tiemian and Linghu Lun were actually of the same generation. Furthermore, as the two of them were both geniuses that their Linghu Heavenly Clan had focused on nurturing, the two of them actually had a very close relationship.

As such, Linghu Lun was not reverent and respectful toward Linghu Tiemian like the other Linghu Heavenly Clansmen. He did not view Linghu Tiemian like a king. Instead, his attitude toward Linghu Tiemian was one of a brother.

That said, compared to the relationship between Linghu Tiemian and Linghu Lun, the crowd were even more surprised by Linghu Mingye’s answer.

The conversation between Linghu Tiemian and Linghu Lun had verified the crowd’s guess. Linghu Mingye, the fifth ranked of the Ancestral Martial Decastars, had indeed entered the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

This was extraordinarily astonishing. Linghu Tiemian was already capable of covering the sky with one hand. And now, Linghu Mingye and Linghu Lun, two more demon-level geniuses, had joined him.

With this, how could the other powers possibly be able to continue to resist? It had truly become impossible for anyone in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm to contend against the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

The reason for that was because the disparity between them was simply too enormous.

"Mingye is simply too unruly. Does he not know that the Formation of Light is an opportunity for him too?"

Upon finding out that Linghu Mingye was actually not planning to enter the Formation of Light to train, a trace of anger appeared on Linghu Tiemian’s cold and gloomy face.

"He knows. That’s why he felt that it was of no help to him. He felt that he has his own cultivation method," Linghu Lun said.

"Oh?" Hearing what Linghu Lun said, Linghu Tiemian’s expression suddenly changed. An expression of sudden realization emerged in his eyes.

Linghu Tiemian suddenly realized that Linghu Mingye must’ve successfully mastered some sort of cultivation method. Likely, when compared to the cultivation method that Linghu Mingye possessed, it was truly fine for him to ignore the Formation of Light.

Thinking of this, Linghu Tiemian’s expression changed for the better.

"Since Mingye is not going to participate, this will be a great opportunity for you. Don’t disappoint me," Linghu Tiemian said to Linghu Lun.

Once he said those words, the people from the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan revealed helpless expressions.

Everyone knew that one’s strength was greatly related to how much benefit one could obtain from the Formation of Light.

Among all the newcomers present, it was clearly Linghu Lun who possessed the greatest strength.

Not to mention the fact that the newcomers from the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan did not dare to act rashly, even if they dared, they did not possess the strength to allow them to do so.

Since Linghu Mingye was not planning to enter the Formation of Light this time around, it would naturally be Linghu Lun who would gain the most from it.

"Buzz~~~"

Right at that moment, a special light was suddenly emitted from the spirit formation entrance of the Formation of Light. Following that, runes and symbols began to emerge in large numbers. Like a group of fish gathered inside a lake, they were rapidly following a special trajectory.

Seeing this, someone from the Linghu Heavenly Clan said, "The Formation of Light has been activated. The spirit formation entrance will soon open. All newcomers, prepare yourselves."

Hearing those words, apart from Linghu Lun, who had an indifferent expression, the other newcomers all became serious.

They did not wish to miss such an opportunity.

Although they knew that it would be impossible for them to fight for first place with Linghu Lun present, they were determined to not be last.

"Strange," however, at that moment, the person who had spoken earlier revealed a change in expression. Unable to contain himself, he shouted, "Something’s amiss!"

Hearing his words, many among the crowd also noticed that something was abnormal.

Indeed, something was amiss.

The change that was happening to the spirit formation gate did not resemble a simple change that would occur when the spirit formation gate was about to open.

The reason for that was because both the light it emitted and the runes and symbols circulating through it were extremely abnormal.

It was as if some sort of power was about to awaken.

"Buzz~~~"

Right at that moment, the spirit formation entrance began to shine even more dazzlingly, and the runes and symbols began to interweave with one another, forming something that resembled a spirit beast.

As the light soared into the sky, even the sky began to change.

Dazzling light shone gloriously. Rumbles could be heard from the sky. Following that, the image of a ferocious beast began to shine in the sky.

"What’s happening? Why would an abnormal sign appear?"

The crowd all had astonished expressions. They did not understand why such a change would occur.

The reason for that was because, for the majority of the people present, it was already not the first or second time that they’d been in this plaza.

They had all witnessed what the opening of that Formation of Light’s entrance was like before. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

However, never before had they seen such a sight.

Not to mention the others, even the strongest individual in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, the ruler of the Overlord Region, Linghu Tiemian, also stood up from his seat and looked at the sight in the sky with a complicated expression.

No one understood why such a change would suddenly occur.

After observing the abnormal sign in the sky, someone from the crowd noticed some clues, and cried out in alarm, "Holy Spirit Formation of Light, that’s the legendary Holy Spirit Formation of Light!"

"You said this is the Holy Spirit Formation of Light? Are you certain?!"

Once he said those words, someone immediately began to ask about the validity of his claim.

At that moment, the crowd all burst into an uproar.

Even though it was the first time that the crowd had witnessed such an abnormal sign, they’d all heard about the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

The Holy Spirit Formation of Light was a legendary spirit formation. The amount of natural resources contained within it was several times that of an ordinary Formation of Light.

If this abnormal sign was truly an omen of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light’s opening, it was most definitely going to be extremely astonishing.

"There’s no mistake. I’ve heard a senior from my clan mention it before. This abnormal sign is precisely what happens with the activation of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light."

"It would appear that someone managed to defeat the Holy Spirit Beast in that New Excellence Formation, thereby summoning this Holy Spirit Formation of Light," that individual spoke with an expression of certainty.

"This..."

At that moment, everyone, including the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s Linghu Lun and Linghu Tiemian, had expressions of disbelief on their faces.

They all knew very well what sort of implication the Holy Spirit Formation of Light had.

Throughout so many years, only two people had managed to summon the Holy Spirit Formation of Light. As for those two individuals, they were both grand characters who managed to shake the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

In fact, many people felt that if the two of them were allowed to continue to grow, they would definitely be able to overthrow the Starfield Master Realm’s position as the overlord of the Ancestral Martial Starfield all by themselves.

Could it be that an existence as powerful as those two individuals had appeared?

At the moment when the crowd were puzzled, the people from the Dongguo Heavenly Clan became emotional and excited.

The people from the Dongguo Heavenly Clan all turned their eyes to Dongguo Bingyu, seemingly seeking an answer from her.

"If someone truly managed to summon the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, then it must have been done by him," Dongguo Bingyu said.

Once Dongguo Bingyu said those words, the people from the Dongguo Heavenly Clan became even more excited.

The reason for that was because they all knew who the person Dongguo Bingyu was talking about was.

"After the Holy Spirit Formation of Light opens, it will connect with the New Excellence Formation momentarily. Soon, we will know who it is that opened the Holy Spirit Formation of Light," the person who was so certain that this was the Holy Spirit Formation of Light added.

Once those words were said, everyone began to look forward to it.

They all wanted to know exactly who it was that managed to summon the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.