Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3212 - Shoulder The Consequences

Who was Linghu Hongfei? He was the number one genius of the Linghu Heavenly Clan, the first of the Ancestral Martial Decastars.

Even a genius like Linghu Tiemian would be overshadowed by Linghu Hongfei.

Linghu Hongfei was an actual demon-level genius. He was also someone the Linghu Heavenly Clan was intensely proud of.

If geniuses could be placed into different grades, then the other geniuses would be placed in one grade, whereas Linghu Hongfei would be placed in another grade.

The reason for that was because Linghu Honfei was the sort of existence that not even the other geniuses could match.

Yet, there were actually people comparing some trash that was incapable of martial cultivation with Linghu Hongfei. Naturally, the people from the Linghu Heavenly Clan would feel very displeased.

At the moment when the crowd were feeling astonishment for Chu Feng’s strength, a mocking voice was heard. “Humph, it’s merely that the Holy Spirit Formation of Light has been summoned. It’s not even certain as to whether or not they’ll be able to enter it. Yet you all are actually speaking as if he is someone who could compare with Linghu Hongfei?”

“You all are simply thinking too highly of that Chu Feng, no?”

“Besides, even Chu Hanxian and Chu Xuanyuan did not manage to raise any sort of enormous billow in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. In terms of reputation, they are not superior to the current Linghu Hongfei. As for this descendant of theirs, he is simply no match for Linghu Hongfei.”

That voice did not come from the Linghu Heavenly Clan. Instead, it was spoken by the Nightmare Spirit Clan’s strongest individual in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, Mengyan Miesha.

Even though the Nightmare Spirit Clansmen were all wearing black gowns, and it was simply impossible to differentiate their appearances, Mengyan Miesha not only possessed a unique voice, but he had also released his rank four Martial Immortal aura completely.

Thus, after Mengyan Miesha opened his mouth, the crowd immediately knew that it was him who had spoken.

Mengyan Miesha was not only a person with extraordinary talent, but he was also an incomparably ruthless homicidal maniac.

Actually, Mengyan Miesha’s name was not originally Mengyan Miesha. That name was something that he had given himself. [1. Mengyan Miesha = Nightmare Extinguish Kill]

The reason why he had changed his name to that was because he had vowed that he would exterminate the entire clan of those that made an enemy of him.

In fact, Mengyan Miesha had been able to fulfill his oath the entire time. With the exception of powerful clans, Mengyan Miesha had exterminated all the weak clans that dared to make an enemy of him.

He killed all of them, leaving not a single person alive. Even though Mengyan Miesha was not even three hundred years old, there were hundreds of millions of people that had died by his hand.

In fact, during a burst of anger, Mengyan Miesha had massacred an entire Ordinary Realm, killing everyone in it.

Furthermore, that was only what was public knowledge of the people that Mengyan Miesha had killed. There were even more people that Mengyan Miesha had killed that the crowd did not know about.

Mengyan Miesha was an actual homicidal maniac. His hand was covered in the blood of countless people.

It would not even be excessive to say that he was a demon.

The only difference was that Mengyan Miesha was not someone who would kill for fun. He would always find a reason to kill people. As such, people were unable to criticize him for his actions.

Regardless, everyone knew that Mengyan Miesha was someone that could not be provoked.

Because of that, after Mengyan Miesha spoke, the crowd that was discussing Chu Feng spiritedly started to quiet down.

Although Mengyan Miesha was inferior to Linghu Tiemian in terms of pure strength, Linghu Tiemian would likely not be able to match Mengyan Miesha’s ruthlessness.

No one would be willing to offend someone like Mengyan Miesha.

This was even more so when the crowd were able to clearly sense his disdain toward Chu Feng from the tone of his words.

With the situation being like thar, how could anyone dare to continue to speak highly of Chu Feng?

Right at the moment when everyone closed their mouths, a thunderous voice exploded in the sky.

It was the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan’s Tongtian Zishou.

Tongtian Zishou was over thirteen hundred meters tall. He was an actual giant beast.

Furthermore, as his entire body was purple, different from the other Heaven-reaching Beasts, he was named Tongtian Zishou.

[2. Tongtian Zishou = Heaven-reaching Purple Beast.]

Tongtian Zishou possessed strength on par with Mengyan Miesha. He too was a rank four Martial Immortal.

Similar to Mengyan Miesha, he was the strongest individual among the Heaven-reaching Beast Clansmen in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, and served as their leader.

Tongtian Zishou and Mengyan Miesha could be said to be Linghu Tiemian’s left and right arms in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

“Brother Miesha, you said earlier that it’s not certain as to whether or not Chu Feng would even be able to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light. May I know why you said that?” Tongtian Zishou asked.

“Have you forgotten that the ruler of the Overlord Region has absolute control over the Overlord Region?”

“Not to mention the cultivation resources, even the various spirit formations here are controlled by the ruler of the Overlord Region.”

“Thus, even though the newcomers from the four regions have managed to summon the Holy Spirit Formation of Light and opened the entrance to the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, Brother Tiemian still holds the decision as to whether or not they’ll be able to enter it,” Mengyan Miesha looked to Linghu Tiemian as he said those words.

Hearing what Mengyan Miesha said, Dongguo Bingyu and the other Dongguo Heavenly Clansmen started to frown.

Mengyan Miesha’s words had completely astonished the crowd!!!

According to the legend, Chu Feng and the others would be able to open the entrance to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light after summoning it.

However, the Linghu Heavenly Clan already had control over the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s Overlord Region. With that, they had control over the formation cores of the various formations.

“In that case, Brother Miesha, do you think I should let them enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light or not?” Linghu Tiemian asked. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

“Since ancient times, the Formation of Light is something that only the ruler of the Overlord Region could enjoy. Those newcomers from the four regions are naturally not qualified to enter the Formation of Light, much less the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.”

“I think that brother Tiemian, as the ruler of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, should continue to uphold this rule. Otherwise, you’d bring disorder to your status.”

After saying those words, Mengyan Miesha raised his head and looked to Tongtian Zishou. He said, “Brother Zishou, what say you?”

“I think that what brother Miesha said is very correct. Those newcomers from the four regions are naturally not qualified to enter the Formation of Light. As such, they naturally cannot be allowed to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light,” Tongtian Zishou said.

Hearing what the two of them said, the Dongguo Heavenly Clan was no longer the only group in the plaza that was frowning. Strong powers like the Puyang Heavenly Clan and the Li Heavenly Clan also revealed worried looks.

After all, Chu Feng was not the only one in the New Excellence Formation. Their clansmen were there too.

If their clansmen were able to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, it would naturally be a good thing.

However, they had never imagined that the three powers of the Overlord Region would act like that. They had never expected for them to be planning to deny Chu Feng and the others the opportunity to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

“Since that’s the case, we cannot allow them to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light. Xiuming, go inside the main formation and use the spirit formation inside it to notify the people in that New Excellence Formation.”

“Tell them that they are not allowed to enter the Holy Spirit Formation of Light after it opens. If anyone dares to enter it without permission, they shall shoulder the consequences for their actions,” Linghu Tiemian said.