Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3241 - Trapped In A Corner

“Everything was done by me. It is unrelated to them. Let them go,” Chu Feng said.

“I think you still don’t understand what sort of situation you’re in.”

“The person in charge right now is me. As such, you simply do not possess the qualifications to talk about conditions with me.”

After Linghu Mingye finished saying those words, the corners of his lips suddenly rose.

It was an extremely sinister smile.

Seeing that smile, Chu Feng realized that the situation was bad, and that Linghu Mingye was planning to attack.

"Boom~~~"

Suddenly, with a thought from Chu Feng, the Fire Qilin Armor on his body began to burn. At the same time, boundless flames began to burst forth and spread like volcanic lava.

"Wuuahh~~~:

However, right after the flames began to spread, Chu Feng opened his mouth and vomited a mouthful of blood.

At that moment, Chu Feng half-knelt onto the ground. Not only did the flames emitted by him start to dissipate, but even his Fire Qilin Armor stopped shining.

"You’ve already used up all of the power of the Fire Qilin Armor. It will take at least another day for you to recover its power. If you forcibly insist on using the power of the Fire Qilin Armor, then without me having to do anything, the Fire Qilin Armor will take your life," LInghu Mingye said.

"You actually know the Fire Qilin Armor this well?" Chu Feng started to frown even more intensely.

Seeing Linghu Mingye standing before him like this, Chu Feng felt very uneasy.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng was unable to see through Linghu Mingye. This man before him simply resembled a mystery that contained countless secrets unknown to anyone. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

As for Chu Feng, he was like a piece of white paper before Linghu Mingye. All of his abilities were exposed before him.

Such an enormous disparity caused Chu Feng to feel very powerless. At the same time, it also caused Chu Feng’s heart to be filled with unease.

"Are you feeling powerless? That’s how you should be feeling. That said, don’t be anxious; this is merely the beginning. I will let you feel more and more powerless."

After he finished saying those words, intense killing intent emerged in Linghu Mingye’s eyes.

The current Linghu Mingye resembled an uncaged beast. The calmness that he had shown earlier was merely the calm before the storm.

At that moment, the entire region was covered in Linghu Mingye’s anger and killing intent.

It was very frightening. Linghu Mingye simply did not resemble a person at all. Instead, he was more like a homicidal maniac, a demon.

That Linghu Mingye’s hands were most definitely covered with boundless blood. He was an extremely vicious and merciless character. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be possible for him to emit such overwhelmingly terrifying anger and killing intent.

"Eeeaahhh~~~"

Suddenly, Li Anzhi started to scream in pain.

Not only was Li Anzhi brought before Linghu Mingye, but the Symbol of Light on his forehead was also being extracted by Linghu Mingye.

"Li Anzhi, don’t look at me like you’re looking at a detested enemy. I am not trying to deliberately cause you harm. I am merely abiding by the rules of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light. You should be thanking me, thanking how benevolent and kind I am, that I did not target my anger at you too, even though you were in cahoots with Chu Feng."

"Although your Symbol of Light will be stripped away by me, it remains that you will still be able to train in this Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm," Linghu Mingye looked to Li Anzhi and said those words in an incomparably strange tone.

After his words left his mouth, Li Anzhi’s Symbol of Light was completely removed by him. Then, Li Anzhi disappeared from the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

After that, Linghu Mingye began to take the Symbols of Light from the other Li Heavenly Clansmen.

Then, Linghu Mingye turned his eyes to Chu Feng again. With a sneer on his face, he said, "The show can finally begin now."

After he finished saying those words, Linghu Mingye waved his sleeve, and an unusual medicinal pellet furnace appeared before him.

That was no ordinary furnace. Instead, it was an Immortal Armament.

"Buzz~~~"

Then, Linghu Mingye’s expression changed. The furnace began to rapidly grow in size and became a colossus a hundred meters tall.

Not only was that furnace shining with spinning light, but it was also getting hotter. Those were no ordinary flames. Instead, they were flames formed by the purest Immortal-level martial power.

After the Immortal Armament furnace was activated, Linghu Mingye waved his sleeve once more.

With that wave of his sleeve, Chu Qing, Chu Shuangshuang, Chu Haoyan and Chu Huanyu were all sucked into that furnace by a powerful wind.

"Eeeahhh~~~"

At that moment, the four of them simultaneously started to scream miserably.

The Immortal Armament Furnace was refining them. Their flesh and bodies were being burned away.

As that place was the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, and possessed a special sort of protective power, their bodies were rapidly restored right after being destroyed.

However, right after their bodies were restored, they were immediately destroyed again.

At that moment, the four of them were enduring pain that was even more unbearable than having their Symbols of Light stripped away.

Most importantly, the pain from having one’s Symbol of Light stripped away would only last for a short duration, whereas the pain the four of them were suffering at that moment would likely persist until they ended up having a mental breakdown and going insane.

"Stop!!!"

Seeing that, Chu Feng shouted and charged toward the furnace to save Chu Qing and the others.

"Wuuuahh~~~"

However, right after Chu Feng moved toward the furnace, he was knocked right back by a very strong surge of power. Powerless, Chu Feng lay on the ground.

"Are you feeling powerless? This is precisely what I wanted to see."

"Don’t be anxious, this is merely the start."

Linghu Mingye looked to Chu Feng with a ridiculing gaze. It was as if he had already gained control over everything, and Chu Feng only had a single choice before him... the choice of accepting his fate.

Under this sort of torture, Chu Qing, Chu Haoyan, Chu Shuangshuang and Chu Huanyu were soon unable to tolerate it anymore.

One by one, they disappeared.

Chu Feng knew that they hadn’t died. Instead, they had left.

They had chosen to leave. They had used the keys that had allowed them to enter the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm to leave it.

Their decision was actually correct. Although leaving would decrease their opportunities to train, it was much better than being tortured to a state of insanity.

Linghu Mingye sighed. "The willpower of those brothers and sister of yours is truly too weak. They’ve given up so early. This is truly a disappointment to me."

"I wonder, will you be able to last longer than them?"

Linghu Mingye once again turned his ridiculing gaze toward Chu Feng.

At that moment, Chu Feng felt his heart sink. He was at a loss as to what to do.

Chu Qing and the others were able to choose to leave because they’d already benefited greatly from the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. Their journey there had provided them with an enormous harvest.

However, Chu Feng could not choose to leave.

The reason for that was because he had come to the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm with a purpose in mind.

He had a mission. He needed to lead their Chu Heavenly Clan and reclaim their status as the overlords of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

Apart from that, he also had to find the cultivation resources that his grandfather had discovered.

Before accomplishing those things, Chu Feng did not wish to leave the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

As such, Chu Feng was practically trapped in a corner.