Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3247 - Stunning Everyone

Inside the Holy Spirit Formation of Light. Chu Feng was still standing in that space.

Suddenly, with a thought from Chu Feng, several figures flew over from nearby before landing before him.

“Young hero Chu Feng, please spare me. Young hero Chu Feng, please spare me.”

Staggering, those people crawled up and immediately kneeled before Chu Feng and began to beg him for forgiveness repeatedly.

They were all people from the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan that had survived the crisis and were still inside the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

They were there the entire time. Merely, they had hidden themselves, and did not dare to show their faces.

As such, they had personally witnessed the confrontation between Chu Feng and Linghu Mingye.

They also knew that Chu Feng currently controlled the entire Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

Faced with such a Chu Feng, they did not dare to show the slightest trace of disrespect.

The reason for that was because they were afraid that Chu Feng would torture them the way he had tortured Linghu Mingye.

However, Chu Feng reacted as if he did not hear their pleas at all. Chu Feng was completely expressionless.

This caused them to feel increasingly uneasy. Chu Feng’s silence after bringing them before him caused them to worry as to exactly what Chu Feng was planning to do to them.

"Woosh~~~"

Suddenly, Chu Feng waved his sleeve and gave rise to a violent burst of wind.

The people from the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan were all sucked into that strong wind. They were powerless to go against the wind, and could only drift with it. They were unable to see their surroundings at all, and could only feel their heads spinning.

They then felt that they were spinning in the air for a very long time. After they were completely confused and disoriented, they suddenly fell to the ground.

"Young hero Chu Feng, please spare us, please spare us."

After landing, the Nightmare Spirit Clansmen and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clansmen were completely dizzy and disoriented. However, none of them dared to hesitate, and immediately began to beg Chu Feng for forgiveness.

"What are you all doing?!"

Suddenly, a voice filled with anger exploded beside their ears.

This caused the disoriented and confused Nightmare Spirit Clansmen and Heaven-reaching Beast Clansmen to immediately regain their reasoning. They immediately raised their heads and looked around. Upon doing so, they discovered that they had left the Holy Spirit Formation of Light and were on a plaza.

Furthermore, everyone was looking at them.

"You bunch of cowards, could it be that you were begging Chu Feng for forgiveness?!"

"You all have truly disgraced our clan!"

The Nightmare Spirit Clansmen and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clansmen present on the plaza were all extremely furious.

They were all waiting for Chu Feng to have his Symbol of Light plundered by Linghu Mingye and appear before them in a miserable state.

However, not only did they not see any sign of Chu Feng after waiting for so long, but these newcomers from the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan had suddenly appeared instead.

Furthermore, after they appeared, they immediately started begging for forgiveness. As for the person they were begging forgiveness from, it was actually the same Chu Feng.

This caused them to feel extremely humiliated. As such, how could they not be furious?

"Big brother, it’s not us who are weak. It’s simply that Chu Feng who is too powerful. Even Linghu Mingye was killed by him. We were simply too scared," a Nightmare Spirit Clansman spoke with deep grievance.

That Nightmare Spirit Clansman’s words came like a bolt from the blue. Everyone present was greatly startled.

At that moment, Linghu Tiemian and the experts from the Linghu Heavenly Clan asked simultaneously, "What did you just say? You said that Linghu Mingye was killed by that Chu Feng!?"

After all, this matter was extremely significant.

"That’s correct. Linghu Mingye was killed by Chu Feng. We have personally witnessed it," the newcomers from the Nightmare Spirit Clan and the Heaven-reaching Beast Clan spoke in unison.

Upon hearing those words, not to mention the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen, even the people from the other clans, including Li Anzhi and the others who were expelled from the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, revealed astonished expressions.

How could Chu Feng kill Linghu Mingye?

After all, they’d personally witnessed how frightening Linghu Mingye was.

Not only were they suppressed by Linghu Mingye, but even Chu Feng was suppressed by Linghu Mingye.

"Impossible! That’s absolutely impossible! How could that Chu Feng possibly defeat Mingye?!" Suddenly, a furious shout was heard. It was Linghu Tiemian.

Linghu Tiemian simply did not believe that Chu Feng would be able to kill Linghu Mingye.

"What we’ve said is the truth. We have personally witnessed it."

"Originally, Chu Feng was no match for Linghu Mingye. All of his fellow clansmen were forced to escape from the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, and even Chu Feng was tortured to a state of nonstop screaming."

"However, everything suddenly changed. We don’t know what sort of trick Chu Feng used, but he actually managed to gain control over the entire Holy Spirit Formation of Light, gain control over all of the power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light."

"Before that sort of power, not to mention us, even Linghu Mingye was powerless to do anything," a Nightmare Spirit Clansman said.

"Is what you all have said true? That Chu Feng actually managed to gain control over the power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light?" Linghu Tiemian was still skeptical. He was unwilling to believe that Chu Feng was able to control the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

Although he had never entered the Holy Spirit Formation of Light before, he had entered the Formation of Light.

None of them were able to control the power of the Formation of Light, much less the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

He was totally capable of imagining how difficult it would be for one to control the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

"Our words are absolutely true. Originally, we didn’t believe that either. However, Chu Feng was able to transform the Holy Spirit Formation of Light at will. Inside that Holy Spirit Formation of Light, he’s simply an existence akin to god. He was able to transform the entire world with a single thought," that Nightmare Spirit Clansman replied.

"This..."

At that moment, not to mention the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen, Nightmare Spirit Clansmen and Heaven-reaching Beast Clansmen, even the Dongguo Heavenly Clansmen, Li Heavenly Clansmen and the other clansmen from the various powers present on the plaza were all completely stunned.

Shock filled their stunned faces.

After all, that Nightmare Spirit Clansman’s story was very detailed. He simply did not resemble one that was telling a lie. Instead, it seemed like he was telling the truth.

Thus, even though the crowd did not witness what had happened in the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, they had no choice but to believe the words of that Nightmare Spirit Clansman.

"In that case, it would mean that Mingye has really died? Chu Feng killed Mingye with the power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light?" Linghu Tiemian asked. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Linghu Tiemian was filled with grief and indignation. He did not believe that Linghu Mingye had died. Yet, he was also afraid that Linghu Mingye had really died.

Most importantly, he was unwilling to accept the fact that Linghu Mingye was defeated by Chu Feng.

"No, Chu Feng didn’t use the power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light," that Nightmare Spirit Clansman said.

"What?!"

The crowd were once again astonished upon hearing those words.