Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3249 - Wuma Heavenly Clan

At the moment when the crowd was confused, Linghu Tiemian suddenly waved his sleeve and shouted, “Prepare for the feast!!!”

“Prepare for the feast?”

Hearing those words, the already confused crowd became even more puzzled.

In the past, a feast was essential after the New Excellence Formation appeared. However, those feasts would always be prepared when the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen exited from their training inside the Formation of Light.

After all, at that time, the announcement of the results from the newcomers’ training would be a joyous occasion for both the Linghu Heavenly Clan and the other powers.

However, the current year was different. Instead of a successful training, the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s newcomers could be said to have suffered a complete wipeout.

As such, how could Linghu Tiemian announce the preparation of the feast at a time like that?

“Big brother Tiemian, are you not planning to avenge us?” At that moment, a Linghu Heavenly Clan’s newcomer began to question Linghu Tiemian.

“Big brother Tiemian, you must uphold justice for us.”

“Big brother Tiemian, we cannot swallow this anger.”

Following him, the other Linghu Heavenly Clan’s newcomers also voiced their grievances to Linghu Tiemian.

They had all had their Symbol of Light stripped away by Chu Feng, and suffered unbearable pain. As such, they were unable to swallow their anger and resentment toward Chu Feng, and had wanted Linghu Tiemian to uphold justice for them.

Furthermore, they were certain that Linghu Tiemian would avenge them.

However, Linghu Tiemian suddenly called for the preparation of the feast. This brought fear to their hearts.

They were afraid that Linghu Tiemian had decided to not avenge them. Should that happen, they would truly be incapable of tolerating the anger and humiliation they’d suffered.

“Brothers, rest assured. Chu Feng’s actions are not only a sign of disrespect toward you all, they’re also a sign of disrespect toward our entire Linghu Heavenly Clan. I, Linghu Tiemian, will definitely not spare him.”

“However, brothers, there’s no need for you all to be so anxious either.”

“Didn’t that Chu Feng declare that he would seek us out to settle the debt? In that case, I will wait for him here.”

“Sooner or later, the Holy Spirit Formation of Light will dissipate. When that happens, he will appear here.”

“As for us, we shall enjoy delicious food and wine as we wait for him to show up to meet his doom,” Linghu Tiemian said.

Hearing those words, the crowd came to a sudden realization.

They had all nearly forgotten about that.

Sooner or later, the Holy Spirit Formation of Light would disappear. When it did, the people inside the Holy Spirit Formation of Light would be forcibly expelled from it.

As for the exit that they would appear from, it was this formation at the center of the plaza.

Thus, there was simply no need to ponder how to seek out Chu Feng, as Chu Feng would appear before the Linghu Heavenly Clan in time.

Thinking about this, the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen started to feel relief.

However, people like Dongguo Bingyu started to worry deeply for Chu Feng.

After all, what Linghu Tiemian said was very correct. When the Holy Spirit Formation of Light disappeared, Chu Feng would be forced to appear on the plaza.

With what he had done, Linghu Tiemian would definitely not spare him.

Even though Chu Feng had managed to gain an enormous harvest in the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, and greatly increased his cultivation to a state where not even Linghu Mingye was a match for him, Linghu Tiemian’s strength was definitely not something that Linghu Mingye could compare to.

Even if Chu Feng was able to defeat Linghu Mingye, he would absolutely not be able to defeat Linghu Tiemian.

"Buzz~~~"

Right at that moment, the spirit formation entrance started to squirm. Then, it actually disappeared.

At that moment, the crowd all knew that the Holy Spirit Formation of Light had disappeared.

However, even though the grand formation had disappeared, there was no sign of Chu Feng.

"This..."

At that moment, the crowd’s expressions all changed. This was especially true of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen. Even they were stunned.

As for Linghu Tiemian, his expression was so ugly that it seemed like he had been fed dog feces.

"How could this be?"

"The Holy Spirit Formation of Light has already disappeared, why hasn’t Chu Feng shown up?"

Many people from the Linghu Heavenly Clan began to question his disappearance.

That said, seeing this, the crowd actually realized what had happened even without asking.

They had all underestimated Chu Feng. It was true that Chu Feng controlled the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

Not only did he gain control over it, but his control over it was also very thorough. Because of that, Chu Feng was able to perfectly control the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

As such, the Holy Spirit Formation of Light would naturally not be able to force Chu Feng to exit it on the plaza.

As for where Chu Feng had gone to, only he would know that.

......

Chu Feng had indeed left the Holy Spirit Formation of Light. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He had entered the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s Overlord Region.

That said, Chu Feng did not exit at any random location.

He had gained complete control over the Holy Spirit Formation of Light. As such, he knew very well how powerful the Holy Spirit Formation of Light was.

The power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light could be said to be devastating. Not to mention the people inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, even the experts of the Ancestral Martial Starfield would find that the great majority of them were not a match for the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

Unfortunately, no matter how powerful the Holy Spirit Formation of Light might be, its power could only be unleashed inside the grand formation. Should Chu Feng exit the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, his connection with it would be severed, and he would not be able to use the power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

That said, Chu Feng had managed to use the power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light to help him one last time -- teleporting him to this place.

This place was a large desolate mountain.

The mountain stretched tens of thousands of miles into the distance. However, there was not a single blade of grass, a single tree, or a single creature on the mountain.

That mountain was truly desolate.

That said, hidden within that desolate mountain was a powerful cultivation resource.

That cultivation resource was the same cultivation resource that was discovered and nurtured by Chu Feng’s grandfather.

Earlier, with the power of the Holy Spirit Formation of Light, Chu Feng was able to faintly sense that the cultivation resource had matured, and could be used to train.

That was the reason why Chu Feng threatened the Linghu Heavenly Clan using that Heaven-reaching Beast Clansman.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng felt that, with how long that cultivation resource had been brewing, and with how highly his grandfather and father thought of it, the natural energies and martial comprehension contained within that cultivation resource must be much stronger than those in the Holy Spirit Formation of Light.

That was the reason why Chu Feng was so confident that the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm would not be a match for him should he obtain the cultivation resource.

He was confident that he, Chu Feng, would become the ruler of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

That said, as Chu Feng appeared there, he was a bit dumbstruck.

He was inside a cave. According to Chu Feng’s knowledge, the cultivation resource was hidden inside the cave.

Merely, Chu Feng did not expect that the cultivation resource discovered by his grandfather was already discovered by someone else.

"Who is it?!"

Suddenly, a furious shout was heard.

Following that, many figures flew over and surrounded Chu Feng.

Those people were all wearing the same outfits. on their waists were hung the same title plates.

On those title plates were carved the words: Wuma Heavenly Clan.