Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3250 - A Rude And Unreasonable Voice

"What do I do about this?" Chu Feng scratched his head.

Chu Feng felt a headache as he was faced with the situation before him.

Chu Feng was able to clearly understand the scene before him. Those Wuma Heavenly Clansmen were gathered in that place and had set up a training formation.

They were training with the power of that cultivation resource.

Furthermore, Chu Feng was able to tell that the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen had known about that place for some time now.

Furthermore, as the cultivation resources of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm belonged to everyone and were fought over with strength, even if the cultivation resource there was discovered by Chu Feng’s grandfather and nurtured by his spirit formation, it still belonged to everyone.

It would be one thing if no one discovered the cultivation resource. However, someone had managed to discover it before Chu Feng’s arrival.

As such, if Chu Feng were to forcibly pillage the cultivation resource from the Wuma Heavenly Clan, it would be a bit unsuitable.

’What the hell!? Wasn’t it said that this cultivation resource was hidden, and could only be discovered through a specific spirit formation? Why would it be discovered by others?’ Chu Feng felt very vexed.

According to their Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, the cultivation resource was hidden extremely well, and it was simply impossible for others to discover it.

That was the reason why the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief told Chu Feng about two things before he came to the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

The first thing was the map to the cultivation resource.

As for the other, it was the formation to seek out the cultivation resource.

At that moment, Chu Feng had managed to find the location of the cultivation resource. However, it seemed that there was no need for him to use the spirit formation to seek it out.

The reason for that was because the power of that cultivation resource was already permeating throughout the land and was being used by the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen to cultivate.

"Hey! I’m asking you a question here! Are you deaf?!" Another furious shout was heard. It was that Wuma Heavenly Clansman.

His attitude was very rude and unreasonable.

"Why the hell are you shouting? Can you not speak properly?" Chu Feng spoke coldly. He felt very annoyed.

Although the cultivation resources of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm belonged to everyone, it remained that the cultivation resource before him was discovered by his grandfather and nurtured with his spirit formation.

As such, Chu Feng still felt that the cultivation resource belonged to their Chu Heavenly Clan.

And now, not only had someone occupied the cultivation resource that belonged to him, but their attitude was actually so rude and unreasonable. It was as if Chu Feng was the intruder. Naturally, this would make him feel very displeased.

"Motherfucker! You’re nothing more than trash from the Chu Heavenly Clan, yet you dare to act this arrogantly?! You are truly courting death!"

"Kneel before me immediately! Or else... I will beat you up so bad that you’ll call me ancestor!"

Chu Feng’s displeased attitude caused the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen to feel increasingly displeased.

After hearing their insult-filled words, Chu Feng started to frown. He asked, "Who are you calling trash?!"

"You are the only Chu Heavenly Clansman here, who else am I talking about?"

"He’s simply asking a question to an answer he already knew."

"Perhaps he was scared dumb?"

"Hahaha..."

Chu Feng’s question was immediately met with ridicule from the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen.

"Woosh~~~"

Suddenly, Chu Feng narrowed his brows. As his clothes fluttered out, boundless oppressive might was released from his body.

In the blink of an eye, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen that had surrounded him were all knocked flying like leaves.

Fortunately, they were only knocked flying ten thousand meters away, with the unfortunate ones among them knocking into the cave walls. As the walls shattered, those Wuma Heavenly Clansmen began to vomit blood. They were seriously injured.

This sudden scene completely baffled those Wuma Heavenly Clansmen. Soon, their expressions changed enormously as fear filled their faces.

"Rank two Martial Immortal. That guy is actually a rank two Martial Immortal?" Frightened voices began to be heard from the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen.

After Chu Feng attacked, they were all able to sense his strength.

Whilst a cultivation of rank two Martial Immortal could not be considered to be the strongest in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, it was most definitely among the peak experts.

Chu Feng’s cultivation had shattered their impression of the Chu Heavenly Clan. After all, they felt that the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan were all trash. Never had they ever encountered such a powerful existence amongst the Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

That was the reason why they revealed such intense fear in their eyes.

"Scram," right at that moment, a voice sounded from deep inside the cave.

Chu Feng looked toward the direction of the voice and discovered that there was a palace located in the center of the numerous cultivation formations. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

That palace was not very large. However, it was circulating with light. Not even Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes were able to see through it.

That palace was a treasure in itself. After being infused with spirit power, an enormous effect was unleashed from it.

It was worth mentioning that directly below that palace was the center of the cultivation resource that Chu Feng’s grandfather had nurtured.

That palace was frantically absorbing the power emitted by that cultivation resource.

Chu Feng looked to that palace and said, "This place does not belong to you all."

"Take advantage of the fact that I’m not angry yet and scram immediately. Otherwise... you will have to shoulder the consequences of your actions," that voice sounded from the palace again.

This time around, the attitude of that voice was even more rude and unreasonable.