Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3252 - Battle Between Geniuses

Wuma Shengjie’s speed was extremely fast. Had it been someone else, his punch would have definitely landed.

However, Chu Feng was able to see the incoming punch with full clarity.

Chu Feng raised his arm and made a fist with his hand. He aimed his fist at Wuma Shengjie and shot it forth explosively.

“Bang~~~”

A loud sound was heard. That sound resembled a loud metallic collision. At the same time as that sound was heard, the cave began to tremble violently, and shattered rocks began to fly in all directions.

Chu Feng’s fist and Wuma Shengjie’s fist had collided.

The collision of the two fists not only brought forth a huge commotion, but both Chu Feng and Wuma Shengjie also fell back several steps.

Affected by the force, Chu Feng was unable to control himself, and fell back for a total of thirty-nine steps before finally stabilizing himself.

"Taa~~~"

At the moment when Chu Feng stabilized his footing and raised his head, Wuma Shengjie also managed to stabilize his footing.

At that moment, Wuma Shengjie was looking at Chu Feng with an annoyed and displeased expression.

Although the collision of their fists had come out even, Chu Feng managed to stabilize after falling back thirty-nine steps whereas he only managed to stabilize after falling back forty-one steps.

The additional two steps caused Wuma Shengjie to feel that he came out as the loser in their initial confrontation.

That was why Wuma Shengjie was displeased.

"Watch my attack!"

A golden ray flashed past as Wuma Shengjie pounced toward Chu Feng like a fierce tiger.

This time around, there was an item in Wuma Shengjie’s hand.

It was a golden dagger.

The dagger was not very long. It was only a bit more than a foot in length. However, it was extremely sharp. It looked as if the dagger was capable of slicing through even space itself. The appearance of the dagger caused the Immortal level martial power contained within this area to revolve around it.

That dagger was an Immortal Armament, and it was extremely powerful.

Even among Immortal Armaments, that dagger would be considered a top quality weapon.

However, every motion of Wuma Shengjie’s movements was captured by Chu Feng. Seeing that Wuma Shengjie had come at him explosively again, Chu Feng did not hesitate either.

Chu Feng shouted, "I’ve been waiting!"

"Clank~~~"

As Chu Feng spoke, his hand streaked across his Cosmos Sack. As it did so, a large blade appeared in Chu Feng’s hand.

That blade was also an Immortal Armament.

With a move of his foot, Chu Feng soared into the sky and began to fly toward Wuma Shengjie.

In the blink of an eye, Chu Feng and Wuma Shengjie collided once more.

Blade rays began to wreak havoc as sparks scattered and the sound of metallic collisions sounded nonstop.

However, the confrontation between the two only lasted for a short moment before Chu Feng shot out from the battle like a meteor. After landing on the ground, Chu Feng moved back repeatedly.

Originally, it was Chu Feng who was on the fierce offense. With his large blade in hand, Chu Feng had slashed down toward Wuma Shengjie. It was a very powerful attack.

However, runes and symbols suddenly emerged on Wuma Shengjie’s dagger. Then, Wuma Shengjie casually waved it.

As Chu Feng’s blade collided with Wuma Shengjie’s dagger, Chu Feng felt as if he had been attacked by countless Immortal Armaments. The powerful attack forced Chu Feng back explosively. Even after landing, Chu Feng still took nearly a hundred steps back before finally managing to stabilize himself.

"You’re quite skilled. Unfortunately, your weapon is too weak," Wuma Shengjie’s voice was heard.

Chu Feng raised his head and discovered that Wuma Shengjie was looking at him with a complacent smile and a ridiculing gaze on his face.

"Indeed, this weapon is not sufficient. It’s time to change it for another."

As Chu Feng spoke, he threw away the Immortal Armament blade he was holding.

Seeing this scene, not to mention the other spectators from the Wuma Heavenly Clan, even Wuma Shengjie’s expression changed.

No matter how bad the quality of that Immortal Armament blade might be, it was still an Immortal Armament, something of considerable value. How could Chu Feng just toss it away like that?

"Buzz~~~"

At the same time as Chu Feng tossed away the Immortal Armament blade, he streaked his palm across his Cosmos Sack. In the next moment, a long bow appeared in his hand. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Holding the bow in his hand, Chu Feng asked Wuma Shengjie with a smile, "What do you think about this weapon?"

At that moment, Wuma Shengjie had a change in expression.

Ignoring the quality of Chu Feng’s bow, Wuma Shengjie’s dagger actually started to react after the bow appeared. His dagger was actually trembling slightly.

It was... afraid.

Wuma Shengjie’s dagger was no ordinary weapon. It was a treasure from the Ancient Era, and a top quality weapon among Immortal Armaments.

For his dagger to tremble like that; it could only mean one thing.

The bow in Chu Feng’s hand was of even higher quality than his dagger.

The bow in Chu Feng’s hand naturally possessed a superb quality.

After all, it was the Immortal Armament used by Exalted Archer, the Immortal Archery Bow.

Back then, the Immortal Archery Bow had disappeared with Exalted Archer, and ended up becoming a legend. As such, the bow in Chu Feng’s hand was a legendary Immortal Armament.

As for its quality, it was, without a doubt, extremely superb. The Immortal Archery Bow was known to be a king among Immortal Armaments.

The stronger a weapon was, the more difficult it was to handle it.

Back when Chu Feng had been a Heavenly Immortal, he was able to use Immortal Armaments with the help of the Utmost Exalted Wrist Protector.

However, he was unable to handle the Immortal Archery Bow.

But now, as a Martial Immortal, Chu Feng was finally able to use the Immortal Archery Bow, that king amongst Immortal Armaments.

"That’s a very nice bow you have there. I’m taking it," Wuma Shengjie said to Chu Feng.

"What do you mean?" Chu Feng asked.

"Hand me your bow and I will ignore the disrespect you’ve shown today," Wuma Shengjie said.

He had actually taken a fancy to Chu Feng’s Immortal Archery Bow.

"You wish to obtain my Immortal Archery Bow? That would depend on if you’re capable of it," Chu Feng said.

"Immortal Archery Bow?! You’re saying that bow of yours is the Immortal Archery Bow, the Immortal Armament used by Exalted Archer when he was alive?!" Wuma Shengjie asked in surprise.

"So you’ve also heard of Exalted Archer. That’s right, this bow was indeed the Immortal Archery Bow used by Exalted Archer when he was alive," Chu Feng answered.

"Haha, I truly never expected for you to actually possess such a treasure. In that case, I am even more determined to obtain that bow of yours."

Wuma Shengjie suddenly became excited. At the same time, his body shifted, and he began to rapidly fly toward Chu Feng.

This time around, Wuma Shengjie’s gaze was not fixed on Chu Feng. Instead, it was completely fixed on the Immortal Archery Bow in Chu Feng’s hand.

Wuma Shengjie... was planning to seize Chu Feng’s Immortal Archery Bow.