Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3253 - Unsealed Power

Chu Feng was already prepared for Wuma Shengjie, who was flying toward him with the intent to seize his Immortal Archery Bow.

Chu Feng was very calm, and had a confident smile on his face the entire time.

Then, Chu Feng stabilized his footing and held the bow with his left hand, while pulling fiercely and repeatedly with his right hand.

"Woosh, woosh, woosh~~~"

In the next moment, countless golden arrows shot explosively from Chu Feng’s Immortal Archery Bow like a torrential rain.

Those arrows were all aimed at Wuma Shengjie.

With a wall of arrows flying toward him, Wuma Shengjie was simply unable to avoid them.

However, faced with the incoming arrows, Wuma Shengjie showed no sign of fear, and began to brandish the Immortal Armament dagger in his hand.

As the golden rays wreaked havoc, boundless martial power turned into a golden bright and dazzling shield before Wuma Shengjie.

Soon, the arrows arrived and began to bombard the martial power shield.

"Clank, clank, clank~~~"

Sparks and energy ripples began to scatter about.

The initial confrontation between the two powerful Immortal Armaments created a feast of a battle.

That said, when two fierce tigers fight, one will eventually emerge victorious. This was even more so when it came to two Immortal Armaments.

Admittedly, the martial power shield formed by the Immortal Armament dagger was impregnable.

However, the arrows shot out from the Immortal Archery Bow were extremely powerful.

With the situation being like that, Wuma Shengjie was shot flying out. He was unable to stabilize his footing after being shot back to where he previously was, and continued to fall back for several tens of thousands of meters.

It was only when Chu Feng stopped shooting arrows that Wuma Shengjie managed to stabilize his footing.

"I’m afraid you won’t be able to forcibly snatch my Immortal Archery Bow," Chu Feng looked to Wuma Shengjie with a beaming smile. There was a trace of ridicule in his tone.

"Humph. Chu Feng, did you really think that you would be a match for me?" A clear expression of anger appeared on Wuma Shengjie’s face.

"How am I not a match for you?" Chu Feng asked with a beaming smile. He seemed to be truly confused.

"Zzzzz~~~"

Suddenly, lightning started to gather on Wuma Shengjie’s forehead. Shortly after that, a Heaven level Lightning Mark appeared on his forehead.

At the same time as that happened, Wuma Shengjie’s cultivation increased from rank four Martial Immortal to rank five Martial Immortal.

"Did you think that among the Heavenly Bloodline possessors, only you who has trained in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique is able to unleash the power of the Lightning Mark?" Wuma Shengjie was still emitting deep hostility when he asked those words.

He was furious because he felt that he was being underestimated.

It was common knowledge that Heavenly Bloodline possessors were extremely powerful. They were so powerful that Divine Bodies were simply incomparable to them.

The reason for that was because Heavenly Bloodline possors were able to unlock their various abilities, their Lightning Armor, Lightning Wings and Lightning Mark, as their cultivations increased.

The Lightning Armor, Lightning Wings and Lightning Mark were all capable of increasing the cultivation of the Heavenly Bloodline possessor by a single level.

With all three, one could increase one’s cultivation by three entire levels.

For martial cultivators, increasing a single level of cultivation was already an extremely difficult task.

To be able to increase one’s cultivation by three entire levels instantly using the power of one’s bloodline, how frightening was that?

However, after Heavenly Bloodline possessors reached the True Immortal realm, their bloodline power would be sealed.

Without the power of their Lightning Armor, Lightning Wings and Lightning Mark, Heavenly Bloodline possessors would stand at the same starting line as other martial cultivators.

Reportedly, only those with exceptional talent would be able to unlock their three bloodline powers.

After Chu Feng became a True Immortal, his bloodline power was also sealed.

However, Chu Feng immediately unsealed the power of his Lightning Mark after reaching the True Immortal realm.

That being said, Chu Feng was not the only one that was capable of this feat. There were many geniuses in the Ancestral Martial Starfield that were capable of this feat.

Naturally, that included Wuma Shengjie.

Actually, this sort of thing was common knowledge to the great majority of the people in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

However, Chu Feng reacted as if he did not know about this. Even though Wuma Shengjie had clearly not used the power of his Lightning Mark yet, Chu Feng was acting very arrogantly.

This made Wuma Shengjie feel that Chu Feng might be thinking that only he had managed to unseal the power of his Lightning Mark, whereas he, Wuma Shengjie, had not. Wuma Shengjie felt that that was the reason why Chu Feng looked down on him like that.

If that was the case, it would be an enormous sign of contempt. How could Wuma Shengjie not be furious?

"Wuma Shengjie, why would you say something like that? Could it be that you had some sort of misunderstanding toward me?" Chu Feng asked with a confused expression.

"Bastard, exactly what are you trying to say?" The anger in Wuma Shengjie’s eyes did not decrease. However, an expression of confusion also emerged in his eyes.

The reason for that was because he had unleashed his Lightning Mark precisely to prove to Chu Feng that he was not the only one that had managed to unseal the power of the Lightning Mark. He was trying to show Chu Feng that he, Wuma Shengjie, had also unsealed the power of his Lightning Mark.

However, after Wuma Shengjie unleashed the power of his Lightning Mark and increased his cultivation, Chu Feng actually showed no sign of surprise. It was as if Chu Feng already knew that he, Wuma Shengjie, had already unsealed the power of his Lightning Mark.

With the situation being like that, Wuma Shengjie felt confused.

If Chu Feng already knew that he had yet to use the power of his Lightning Mark, how could Chu Feng still be so confident?

"Wuma Shengjie, since I’ve already heard about you, how could I not know that you’ve already unsealed the power of your Lightning Mark?" Chu Feng said to Wuma Shengjie.

Hearing those words, Wuma Shengjie became certain that Chu Feng already knew that he had unsealed the power of his Lightning Mark.

"Since you already know that I am capable of using my Lightning Mark, why do you dare to challenge me, a rank four Martial Immortal, with your cultivation of rank two Martial Immortal?" Wuma Shengjie asked.

"Why?" Chu Feng smiled. Then, he said, "Maybe it’s because of this?"

"Zzzzzz~~~"

After he finished saying those words, lightning began to appear on Chu Feng’s body.

The lightning had nine different colors. It seemed like nine ferocious beasts had emerged from Chu Feng’s body.

The lightning was very strange. It did not cause any damage to Chu Feng’s clothes, but instead covered them.

As the nine-colored lightning interwove with itself, it actually formed an armor of lightning around Chu Feng’s clothes.

Not only was the lightning armor vivid and lifelike, but it was also extremely impressive. It gave off the airs of a mighty and unstoppable ruler.

"That is?!"

Seeing the armor composed of nine-colored lightning, all of the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen present, including Wuma Shengjie, revealed an enormous change in expression. Disbelief filled their wide-open eyes.

The reason for that was because the armor on Chu Feng’s body was one of the Heavenly Bloodline’s sealed powers, the Lightning Armor!!!