Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3254 - The Might Of The Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique

The Lightning Armor covered Chu Feng’s body.

Not only was the armor made of lightning and emitting an impressive aura, but Chu Feng’s cultivation also increased by a level after it appeared.

Chu Feng’s actual cultivation was currently that of a rank two Martial Immortal. After unleashing his Divine level Lightning Mark, Chu Feng’s cultivation had increased to that of a rank three Martial Immortal.

And now, the Lightning Armor had increased Chu Feng’s cultivation once more to that of a rank four Martial Immortal.

On top of that, Chu Feng had a secret skill, the Ancient Era’s War Sword, that was capable of granting him a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting a single level of cultivation.

Even though Wuma Shengjie had increased his cultivation to that of a rank five Martial Immortal with the power of his Lightning Mark, Chu Feng was still capable of fighting him.

That said, what the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen were focused on right now was not Chu Feng’s increased cultivation. Instead, it was Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor.

Astonished. Everyone from the Wuma Heavenly Clan, including Wuma Shengjie, were astonished.

The Lightning Armor was something that practically all Heavenly Bloodline possessors had grasped before reaching the True Immortal realm.

However, upon reaching the True Immortal realm, the power of their Lightning Armor had been sealed.

In the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield, there were countless experts that possessed Heavenly Bloodlines.

However, even for those peak experts, not a single one of them was capable of unleashing the power of the Lightning Armor.

From this, one could tell how difficult it was to unseal the power of the Lightning Armor.

However Chu Feng, who was only a rank two Martial Immortal, actually managed to unseal the power of the Lightning Armor.

How could one not be astonished by that?

Not to mention them, even if it were peak experts of the Ancestral Martial Starfield, they too would be astonished upon seeing the Lightning Armor on Chu Feng’s body.

After all, Chu Feng had truly accomplished what others were incapable of doing.

Furthermore, not only did Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor give off very imposing airs and make him look like a ruler, but the construction of Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor was also different from that of other Lightning Armors.

The form of Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor was more exquisite and refined. Combined with its imposing might, it simply looked like a work of the gods. Both its form and its airs were not something that ordinary Lightning Armors could compare to.

Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor was simply unrivalled.

After being astonished, Wuma Shengjie asked, "Could it be... that this is the power of the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique?"

Wuma Shengjie felt that the reason why Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor looked so special was most definitely because of his Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.

He felt that it was Chu Feng’s Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique that had transformed the appearance of his Lightning Armor and allowed him to unseal the power of the Lightning Armor at the cultivation of a Martial Immortal.

"Your observational ability is pretty decent. I’ll have to give you a big thumbs up," Chu Feng looked to Wuma Shengjie with a smile on his face, and actually raised his thumb.

The reason for that was because Wuma Shengjie had guessed correctly.

Actually, Chu Feng had felt that the power within his bloodline that had been sealed for a very long time had awakened the moment he had reached the Martial Immortal realm.

As for that power, it was the power of the Lightning Armor.

In other words, Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor was already unsealed when he was a rank one Martial Immortal.

Furthermore, it was all thanks to the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.

The Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique, that legendary paramount mysterious technique, that mysterious technique where its practitioner would have to undergo the danger of death with every increase in cultivation, did not have any extraordinary aspects to it before one reached the Martial Immortal realm, apart from its Divine level Lightning Mark being able to suppress other Lightning Marks.

At least, those geniuses trained in the Heaven Punishment Mysterious Technique enjoyed practically the same benefits as Chu Feng’s Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.

It was only when Chu Feng reached the Martial Immortal realm that the power of the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique finally emerged.

Practically no one amongst the Martial Immortal-level Heavenly Bloodline possessors that had trained in the Heaven Punishment Mysterious Technique were able to unseal their Lightning Armor. However, Chu Feng managed to accomplish the impossible.

It could be said that Chu Feng was simply unique and unmatched. The reason for that was because, in the current Ancestral Martial Starfield, no one had accomplished what Chu Feng had.

Not even the geniuses trained in the Heaven Punishment Mysterious Technique were capable of accomplishing what Chu Feng had accomplished.

Chu Feng’s Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique had suppressed the Heaven Punishment Mysterious Technique in its essence.

"The Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique’s reputation is truly not in vain."

"That said, what surprises me even more is the fact that a person like you actually appeared in the Chu Heavenly Clan."

"What is your name?" Wuma Shengjie asked.

As matters stood, Wuma Shengjie was filled with curiosity towards Chu Feng; He felt an urge to find out who Chu Feng was.

"I am the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Chu Feng," Chu Feng replied.

"Chu Feng?" Hearing Chu Feng’s answer, Wuma Shengjie’s expression changed. He seemed to have thought of something. He asked, "What relationship do you have with Chu Xuanyuan?"

"He is my father," Chu Feng answered.

Once Chu Feng’s answer was said, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen present all revealed a change in expression. Some among them even opened their mouths wide in shock.

In fact, even Wuma Shengjie, who was prepared for that answer, was unable to contain his surprise upon personally hearing the response from Chu Feng’s mouth.

Chu Xuanyuan was simply too famous. Should someone be related to him, others would immediately pay attention to them. This was even more so when it was his son.

"Sure enough, I’ve guessed correctly. That said, it’s not that difficult of a guess. After all, for someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan to have the opportunity to learn the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique and be able to successfully learn it, that person could only be Chu Xuanyuan’s son."

"It would appear that the rumors of the world are not reliable at all," Wuma Shengjie said with a smile.

The rumors that he spoke of were naturally the rumors that stated that Chu Xuanyuan’s son had long since died.

"That said, Chu Feng, don’t think that you will really be able to contend against me just because you’ve trained in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique and unsealed the power of the Lightning Armor."

"Furthermore, do not think that I will fear you because you’re Chu Xuanyuan’s son."

"I, Wuma Shengjie, fear no one."

After he finished saying those words, many crimson vein lines suddenly appeared on Wuma Shengjie’s body. They crawled out from Wuma Shengjie’s body like bugs and covered his entire body.

The crimson vein lines were flickering with light. Even though Wuma Shengjie was wearing clothes, they were unable to block the light.

After the crimson vein lines appeared, Wuma Shengjie started to frown. A painful expression appeared on his face. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

However, at that moment, Wuma Shengjie’s cultivation increased once more.

Wuma Shengjie’s cultivation reached rank six Martial Immortal.

"Chu Feng, what other abilities do you possess? Go ahead and use them."

"Today, I, Wuma Shengjie, shall properly experience exactly how powerful Chu Xuanyuan’s son might be!" Wuma Shengjie looked to Chu Feng and spoke loudly.

There was no longer disdain for Chu Feng in his eyes. Even though Wuma Shengjie’s cultivation had increased to rank six Martial Immortal, he still did not look down on Chu Feng.

Instead, Wuma Shengjie’s eyes were filled with seriousness.

The reason for this was not because Chu Feng had unleashed the power of the Lightning Armor. Most importantly, it was because of Chu Feng’s identity as Chu Xuanyuan’s son. Wuma Shengjie did not dare to treat Chu Feng lightly.

The reason for that was because he did not know if Chu Feng possessed any other trick up his sleeve besides the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.

Thus, even though Wuma Shengjie now held absolute superiority over Chu Feng, he was still prepared for a fierce battle.

"Woosh~~~"

However, right at that moment, a flash of light flew past. Following that, a weapon landed before Wuma Shengjie.

Looking toward the item that had appeared before him, an astonished expression filled Wuma Shengjie’s face.

The reason for that was because he discovered that what had landed before him was actually the Immortal Archery Bow.

Chu Feng actually tossed the Immortal Archery Bow to him.

Right at that moment, Chu Feng slowly spoke, "I will leave that bow with you for now."

"What do you mean by that?" Wuma Shengjie asked.

"You’re strong. I am no match for you. I admit defeat," Chu Feng said.

"You..."

Seeing Chu Feng’s attitude of admitting defeat, Wuma Shengjie felt completely speechless.

His speechlessness was not because Chu Feng was so overwhelmingly confident earlier, yet decided to concede now.

The reason why Wuma Shengjie felt speechless was because it was the first time he had met someone who was able to admit defeat so calmly.