Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3255 - Grandfather’s Present

"What exactly are you trying to do here?" Wuma Shengjie asked.

Wuma Shengjie was still a bit angry. The reason for that was because he had a feeling that Chu Feng did not admit defeat out of sincerity.

After all, Wuma Shengjie had never met a person who had admitted defeat in such a voluntary manner.

"I will leave the bow with you for now and come to find you to retrieve it later," Chu Feng said.

"Find me to retrieve it later?" Wuma Shengjie started to frown. He felt very uncomfortable upon hearing Chu Feng’s words.

"What’s wrong? Am I not clear enough?"

"Very well, I’ll make myself clearer then. I admit that I have lost to you today. That’s why I’ve lost my bow to you."

"That said, this bow, nevertheless, possesses a somewhat special significance to me. Thus, if I’m able to defeat you in the future, you’ll have to return that bow to me," Chu Feng said to Wuma Shengjie. After he finished saying those words, he turned around and proceeded to leave.

However, as Chu Feng started leaving, Wuma Shengjie shouted, "Wait!"

"What’s this? Have you decided to change your plan upon seeing my concession now? Are you not satisfied with my Immortal Archery Bow?" Chu Feng turned around.

"Since you’ve decided to hand me the Immortal Archery Bow of your own accord, I will naturally not make things difficult for you. However, there’s one thing that I hope that you can assist me with," Wuma Shengjie said.

"What is it? Speak away," Chu Feng said.

"Don’t mention our Wuma Heavenly Clan being here to others, especially not to the Linghu Heavenly Clan," Wuma Shengjie said.

"It would appear that you have a conflict with the Linghu Heavenly Clan," Chu Feng said.

Before Wuma Shengjie could answer, Chu Feng added, "Rest assured, an enemy’s enemy is a friend. We could be said to have a united front. I will definitely not put you in danger."

"You have a conflict with the Linghu Heavenly Clan?" Wuma Shengjie asked. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Not only do I have conflict with them, but the enmity between us is quite deep," Chu Feng said.

"Got it. You can leave," Wuma Shengjie said.

"You’re letting me leave already? You trust me this much?" Chu Feng asked.

"It’s not that I trust you. Instead, I trust your grandfather and father."

"I firmly believe that the descendant of those two individuals will not be a despicable man that will go against his promise," Wuma Shengjie said.

"Of course," Chu Feng smiled.

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng turned around and left.

Chu Feng actually really ended up leaving like that.

Only Wuma Shengjie and the puzzled Wuma Heavenly Clansmen remained.

The Wuma Heavenly Clansmen were staring at Wuma Shengjie the entire time. It seemed like they wanted to say something. However, they waited until Chu Feng completely disappeared from their sight before saying anything.

"Shengjie, why did you let him go?"

"We have no grievance with him to begin with, there’s no need for us to make things difficult for him. Besides... who among you all can be certain that he does not have any other tricks up his sleeve beside his Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique and those strange secret skills?"

"Remember, he is Chu Hanxian’s grandson, Chu Xuanyuan’s son."

"Although the Chu Heavenly Clan is not something to be feared, it’s different for the descendant of those two individuals," Wuma Shengjie said.

"Shengjie, what you said is very true. Indeed, that Chu Feng’s abilities were simply too frightening."

"That’s right. He actually managed to unseal his Lightning Armor in the Martial Immortal realm. This is the first time I’ve encountered someone as powerful as him."

At that moment, the people from the Wuma Heavenly Clan began to nod in succession. Lingering fear filled their eyes as they recalled Chu Feng’s abilities.

"Well then, continue training," after he finished saying those words, Wuma Shengjie began to walk toward the palace. As for the other Wuma Heavenly Clansmen, they all began to walk toward the various grand formations and began to continue their training.

As for Chu Feng, he had not hidden his abilities. Instead, he was truly no match for Wuma Shengjie.

That said, Chu Feng did not leave just like that. After all, the cultivation resource there was discovered by his grandfather, and it was thanks to his grandfather’s power that the cultivation resource managed to grow to its current state. Chu Feng had entered the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm mainly for that cultivation resource.

That cultivation resource was a gift left to him by his grandfather. As such, Chu Feng would naturally not just leave like that. He would not hand the treasure of his grandfather to someone else.

However, that place was already discovered by people from the Wuma Heavenly Clan. Furthermore, Chu Feng was not a match for Wuma Shengjie.

Chu Feng was unable to forcibly snatch the cultivation resource from that place. With no choice, Chu Feng could only use some tricks.

Chu Feng pretended to leave, but he actually began to set up a spirit formation after putting some distance between himself and the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen.

Using the spirit formation, Chu Feng went deep into the underground region of the cave. As he entered the underground region, he was able to feel even more powerful natural energies.

Furthermore, he soon discovered the spirit formation set up by Wuma Shengjie.

Wuma Shengjie had forcibly moved the natural energies and gathered them into the cave for him and his clansmen to train with using that spirit formation.

That said, Wuma Shengjie was actually only using the natural energies there, and had not actually discovered the cultivation resource.

In other words, the natural energies that Wuma Shengjie and the others were training with were merely natural energies that were overflowing from the cultivation resource, and was not the cultivation resource itself.

This was understandable. After all, that cultivation resource was simply too difficult to find.

Even Chu Feng would not be able to find it using his own abilities.

From this, one could tell exactly how powerful Chu Feng’s grandfather and father were back then.

Even though they were clearly people of the younger generation back then, the concealment formations that they set up was actually something that not even the current Chu Feng could breach.

Should Chu Feng have existed in the same generation as them, he would likely have been unable to withstand a single blow from either of them.

Although Chu Feng was unable to breach the concealment formation using his own abilities, he, fortunately, possessed a spirit formation to discover the cultivation resource left behind by his grandfather.

Having that spirit formation in hand was akin to having the key to open the gate. Everything naturally became much simpler.

After Chu Feng finished setting up that spirit formation, he felt as if he had entered another space.

The reason for that was because even though Chu Feng was still standing where he was, an ore had actually appeared before him.

That ore was as tall as two people, and had five different colors. With light circulating through it, the ore resembled an otherworldly item.

The overwhelming natural energies were being emitted from the ore.

The reason why it was said that Chu Feng had entered a different space was because there was originally nothing before him.

However, after Chu Feng successfully set up the spirit formation, a faint body of energy began to spread from the spirit formation. With that, the ore appeared before Chu Feng.

Actually, those were all effects of the spirit formation.

Chu Feng was certain that that ore was the same cultivation resource that his grandfather had discovered and then nurtured to maturity.

"The gift that my grandfather left for me is even more remarkable than I imagined it to be," not only were Chu Feng’s eyes filled with excitement, but there was also a deep sense of shock and astonishment in them.

The more Chu Feng observed the ore, the more amazed he became.

Chu Feng was practically certain that the five-colored ore that resembled a natural oddity was absolutely not a simple cultivation resource.

The reason for that was because the ore also contained a very dense amount of spirit power.

The ore resembled a gate. Contained inside the gate was an unimaginably powerful spirit formation.

In other words, what Chu Feng had obtained was not only a powerful cultivation resource, but it might also be a very powerful spirit formation.