Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3256 - Suppressing The Bloodsoul Gu

Although Chu Feng was surprised by how powerful that natural resource was, he did not hesitate after obtaining it.

Chu Feng sat directly before the ore that was circulating exotic light and began to refine it and absorb its energies using his various abilities.

As the cultivation resource had matured, it was actually not difficult to refine it at all. The difficult part was finding it.

As for that most difficult part, it had been settled by Chu Feng.

Actually, it was thanks for Chu Feng’s grandfather that he was able to find the true body of the cultivation resource so quickly. Had it not been for the spirit formation left behind by his grandfather, he would have found it very difficult to find the cultivation resource.

......

Roughly six hours had passed since Chu Feng began to refine the cultivation resource.

On the surface above the cultivation resource, inside the palace in the cave was a majestic spirit formation. Inside that spirit formation were powerful natural energies. Sitting cross-legged in the center of that spirit formation was an individual.

As for that person, he was none other than Wuma Shengjie.

At that moment, Wuma Shengjie’s complexion was extremely pale. It seemed as if he was seriously injured and seriously ill. He was extremely withered and weak.

As for the crimson vein lines on his body, although they had greatly dissipated and were nowhere as distinct as when he had fought against Chu Feng, they were still faintly discernible, and flickering with a strange brilliance.

Every time the crimson vein lines flickered with light, Wuma Shengjie would frown.

It was as if the pain that Wuma Shengjie was suffering from was brought forth by the crimson vein lines.

Suddenly, Wuma Shengjie’s tightly closed eyes opened. A flustered expression appeared in his eyes.

"Woosh~~~" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Wuma Shengjie immediately got up and dove deep into the cave’s underground.

He arrived beside Chu Feng.

The sudden appearance of Wuma Shengjie startled Chu Feng, who was focused on training.

After all, Chu Feng was refining that cultivation resource in secret. He was hiding from Wuma Shengjie.

Chu Feng couldn’t help it. After all, he was currently no match for Wuma Shengjie.

That said, even though Wuma Shengjie was clearly less than ten meters away from Chu Feng, and was looking all around with his eyes and even used special observational abilities... he seemed to be unable to see Chu Feng.

"Strange. Why am I feeling that the natural energies in this place are rapidly decreasing?"

"Could it be that the power of this wondrous cultivation ground is limited? As we continue to train with it, it will eventually disappear?"

"Or could it be that a change has occurred to this Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm?"

Wuma Shengjie was frowning deeply as he sighed and lamented with a low voice.

Although he spoke very quietly, his words were still heard by Chu Feng.

"Sure enough, he’s unable to see me," at that moment, Chu Feng became certain that he was safe.

Wuma Shengjie was unable to see or detect him. Naturally, that was also thanks to the sealing formation left behind by his grandfather.

Confident that he was safe, Chu Feng continued to refine the cultivation resource right next to Wuma Shengjie.

"It’s here again. The natural energies actually disappeared this quickly. It would appear that the natural energies of this place will soon disappear completely," suddenly, Wuma Shengjie started to frown even more deeply.

As Chu Feng continued to refine the cultivation resource, the power of the cultivation resource began to rapidly decrease. Wuma Shengjie was able to sense this change.

Wuma Shengjie felt very anxious. He wanted to stop the natural energies from decreasing. However, he was unable to find any way to do so. He felt extremely powerless, as he simply had no idea why the natural energies started to suddenly and rapidly disappear like that.

With the situation being like that, Wuma Shengjie did not continue to stay there. Instead, he flew up and returned to the cave.

"Speed up your training. The natural energies of this place will soon disappear," Wuma Shengjie declared.

"What? The natural energies are going to disappear?"

Hearing what Wuma Shengjie said, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen all revealed alarmed and helpless expressions.

"Shengjie, what are we to do? You’re still no match for the Linghu Heavenly Clan right now. If the natural energies of this place are to disappear, won’t you end up missing this opportunity to increase your cultivation?" Panic-stricken and feeling helpless, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen began to seek help and answers from Wuma Shengjie.

"This is heaven’s will. There’s nothing that we can do about it. Quickly, speed up your training. Treasure the final cultivation opportunity presented by this place. When the natural energies of this place completely disappear, we will have to seek out new cultivation resources," Wuma Shengjie said.

After he finished saying those words, Wuma Shengjie returned to the palace. He returned to the spirit formation and sat down cross-legged. He stopped the treatment of his injuries and began to focus on training and refining the natural energies within the formation.

Wuma Shengjie also did not wish to miss out on the final cultivation opportunity presented by that place.

However, not long after Wuma Shengjie entered the formation to train, the expression of pain on his face grew even more intense.

It was the crimson vein lines on his body. They had grown even brighter.

Sure enough, Wuma Shengjie’s pain was related to the crimson vein lines.

"Puu~~~"

Suddenly, Wuma Shengjie’s mouth opened, and a mouthful of blood sprayed out of his mouth.

Following that, Wuma Shengjie began to cough violently. With every cough, a mouthful of blood sprayed out of his mouth. In merely the blink of an eye, a vast amount of blood covered his body. Furthermore, Wuma Shengjie was shivering from head to toe.

"Shengjie, are you unable to suppress that Bloodsoul Gu again?"

Hearing Wuma Shengjie’s painful coughs, many Wuma Heavenly Clansmen ran into the palace. Seeing Wuma Shengjie’s current appearance, they all felt extremely pained.

"It’s alright. It’s my fault. I decided to start training before suppressing it completely. That’s why I ended up suffering this backlash," Wuma Shengjie said.

"Shengjie, I know that you’re eager for revenge, but your health is more important. As long as the forested mountain still exists, there’s no need to fear that there won’t be firewood."

"That’s right. Shengjie, stop training. It’s more important that you suppress the Bloodsoul Gu," the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen began to advise Wuma Shengjie.

"It’s all that Chu Feng’s fault. If it wasn’t for his sudden appearance, Shengjie, you wouldn’t have been forced to use the power of the Bloodsoul Gu," some Wuma Heavenly Clansmen began to voice complaints regarding Chu Feng.

"It is I who decided to use the power of the Bloodsoul Gu. It is unrelated to that Chu Feng."

"Everyone, go on out. I will have to focus on suppressing the Bloodsoul Gu," Wuma Shengjie said.

"Go, go, go, all you men, quickly go outside," at that moment, the female Wuma Heavenly Clansmen began to drive the men out.

The males from the Wuma Heavenly Clan all seemed to have realized something and, without any hesitation, began to turn around and leave.

At that moment, apart from Wuma Shengjie, only the women remained.

The women closed the entrance to the palace hall. After that, they began to undress.

"You should all go out too. I can handle this myself," Wuma Shengjie said.

"Shengjie, it will be faster with our help. We are people of the same clan, thus you shouldn’t mind this sort of thing."

"That’s right. Shengjie, allow us to help you."

"It’s always been you helping us. It’s time that we help you."

The women said.

"Get out!!!"

Wuma Shengjie shouted loudly. He revealed a displeased expression.

Seeing that, the women no longer said anything. They tidied up their clothes and walked out of the palace.

At that moment, Wuma Shengjie was the only person remaining in the palace.