Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3258 - It’s Time To Abdicate

Before Chu Feng was a bathtub.

Light green water filled the bathtub, and runes and symbols were circulating through the water. The water gave off an intense medicinal smell.

That was most definitely not ordinary water. Instead, it was medicinal water that was infused with spirit formations and many medicinal ingredients.

This water was certainly for healing one’s injuries. Furthermore, it was an extremely intense treatment method.

That said, what caught Chu Feng’s attention and stunned him was not the medicinal water infused with spirit formations.

Instead, it was the person inside the tub. That person was actually an extremely beautiful woman.

She had delicate features and a superb figure. She was simply a rare beauty capable of causing the downfall of a city or state.

Most importantly, that woman was sitting in the tub completely naked, and with her eyes closed.

Chu Feng was able to see everything clearly.

Chu Feng had seen countless beauties. However, very few among them were actually capable of accelerating his heartbeat.

That said, Chu Feng was not astonished because of that woman’s beauty.

The reason why Chu Feng was so astonished was because Chu Feng was able to clearly sense that the naked beauty before him was emitting an aura identical to Wuma Shengjie.

However, she was clearly not Wuma Shengjie. After all, Wuma Shengjie was a man, a very ordinary looking man on top of that.

At this moment when Chu Feng was filled with astonishment, that woman suddenly opened her beautiful eyes.

"Ahhhh~~~"

When the woman saw Chu Feng standing before her, she immediately let out a scream.

At the same time, the woman waved her arm, and clothes immediately draped over her naked body.

After her clothes covered her body, she turned around, and her appearance changed. She had turned into Wuma Shengjie.

"Shengjie, what’s wrong?"

Upon hearing Wuma Shengjie’s scream, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen immediately rushed into the palace.

That said, only the women among them rushed in. All the men were still standing outside. Although they were worried, they did not even dare to look into the palace. It seemed like they were deliberately avoiding something.

"So.... you’re a woman in disguise as a man?" Chu Feng asked.

"Heavens! Shengjie, how did he know about that? Could it be that you’ve been seen by him?!"

Chu Feng’s words immediately caused those female Wuma Heavenly Clansmen to cry out in alarm.

At that moment, Chu Feng had received the answer to his question even without Wuma Shengjie personally answering it. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Sure enough, that Wuma Shengjie was in disguise as a man. Chu Feng merely did not expect her disguise to be so well-hidden. Not even Chu Feng, with his perceptive ability, was able to see through her disguise.

Chu Feng was certain that Wuma Shengjie must’ve used some sort of special disguise technique.

"I’ll kill you!"

Suddenly, a furious shout was heard. It was Wuma Shengjie.

Not only did Wuma Shengjie have a sinister expression, but she was also overflowing with killing intent. As she spoke, she pounced toward Chu Feng.

She was not playing around. Her killing intent was real; she was really planning to kill Chu Feng.

In fact, it was not only Wuma Shengjie.

At that moment, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen all managed to guess what had happened. Thus, practically all of the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen were emitting killing intent toward Chu Feng.

"Buzz~~~"

However, right after Wuma Shengjie set off to attack Chu Feng, she was restricted in midair.

It was not only her. At that moment, all of the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen were restricted, and unable to move in the slightest.

"You!!!"

As her raging fury lessened, an astonished expression emerged in Wuma Shengjie’s eyes.

She knew that all of this was done by Chu Feng. It was Chu Feng who had restricted their movements with his ability.

However, how could Chu Feng, who was not a match for her before, be so overwhelmingly powerful?

"Eh... this... that..."

"Brother Shengjie, oh no, little sister Shengjie, I truly had no idea that you were a woman. If I had known, I wouldn’t have entered here directly."

"As the saying goes, he who does not know is not at fault. You really cannot blame me for what happened here today."

"How about this, I’m not going to retake my Immortal Archery Bow. I’m giving it to you as an apology," Chu Feng spoke with an embarrassed look.

Although it wasn’t on purpose, it remained that he had seen her naked body.

As such, Chu Feng felt very apologetic. Furthermore, Chu Feng knew that it was impossible to justify something like that. Thus, after he finished saying those words, Chu Feng disappeared from the palace with a thought.

After Chu Feng left, Wuma Shengjie and the other Wuma Heavenly Clansmen all regained their freedom.

"What just happened? How was that Chu Feng capable of restricting even you?"

The Wuma Heavenly Clansmen asked with puzzled looks.

"His body emitted a faint multi-colored light. That multi-colored light was filled with great spirit power. It was the power of a formation core."

"It’s very possible that Chu Feng has gained control over some sort of great spirit formation. It was that spirit formation that gave him his strength," Wuma Shengjie said.

"Didn’t he just leave not long ago? How could he gain control over such a power in such a short period of time?"

The Wuma Heavenly Clansmen were all puzzled.

That said, after being astonished by Chu Feng’s strength, someone asked with a soft voice, "Shengjie, that Chu Feng... could it be that he saw you..."

"Shut up!"

Hearing those words, Wuma Shengjie was immediately furious. Her overwhelming killing intent was felt by everyone present.

With the situation being like that, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen immediately closed their mouths. They did not even dare to look at her.

"Do not mention what happened here today to anyone. If someone is to spread word this matter and be discovered by me, do not blame me for not taking into account that we are of the same clan," Wuma Shengjie threatened fiercely.

Sensing that Wuma Shengjie was truly furious, the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen became so scared that they did not even dare to speak.

Quietly, they nodded to indicate to Wuma Shengjie that they would not mention the matter to anyone.

"Chu Feng, I will definitely not let you get away with this."

Wuma Shengjie clenched her fist. The killing intent in her eyes grew even stronger.

One could even hear the sound of her grinding her teeth.

As for Chu Feng, he had arrived at the location where Bai Liluo had entered closed-door training.

However, Chu Feng did not see Bai Liluo upon arriving there.

"Strange. Where did that girl go?"

Chu Feng was frowning. A worried expression was present in his eyes.

Although Chu Feng knew that Bai Liluo possessed remarkable abilities and was extremely powerful, she had, after all, received a backlash from that black silhouette when he left her side. As such, Chu Feng could not be certain that she was safe.

And at present, Chu Feng had carefully inspected the surrounding area. Yet, he saw no trace of Bai Liluo at all.

Even though Chu Feng had gained the power to sense all of the auras present in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, he was unable to sense either Bai Liluo or the black silhouette’s auras.

With that being the case, Chu Feng became even more worried. He was truly afraid that some sort of mishap might’ve happened to her.

"Mn?"

Suddenly, Chu Feng’s expression changed.

Just then, Chu Feng had carefully sensed the auras present in the entire Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm in an attempt to seek out Bai Liluo.

Although he still didn’t manage to find any trace of Bai Liluo’s aura, Chu Feng discovered that a group of people had approached the Chu Heavenly Clan’s city.

As for that group of people, they were the people from the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

The Linghu Heavenly Clan wouldn’t have appeared where the Chu Heavenly Clan was located without reason or cause.

The reason why they would appear now was naturally because of the fact that Chu Feng had offended them. They had gone to seek out the Chu Heavenly Clan for revenge.

"Linghu Heavenly Clan, I didn’t go to find you all, yet you all decided to come to my door."

"Very well, it is time for you all to abdicate," Chu Feng said coldly.