Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3269 - New Ruler

"What Chu Feng is using, could it be the Lightning Armor?" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Whilst the crowd were all filled with astonishment, someone voiced this question.

Even though they were all able to clearly see the lightning armor on Chu Feng’s body, even though they were all able to clearly feel the aura it emitted, they still found it unimaginable and simply did not dare to believe the scene before their eyes.

As for the reason why, it was simply because it had been so long since they’d last witnessed the power of the Lightning Armor, as it was simply an ability that no one could use at their current cultivations.

"It’s the Lightning Armor! There’s no mistake, that’s the Lightning Armor!" Li Anzhi shouted loudly. The tone of his voice was filled with astonishment.

In fact, it was not only his tone that was filled with astonishment, as his eyes were also filled with astonishment. In fact, even his body was trembling.

He already knew that Chu Feng possessed exceptionally powerful talent. However, never did he imagine that Chu Feng would be able to unleash an ability like the Lightning Armor.

One must know that the Ancestral Martial Starfield was a place with many powerful experts. Yet, not a single one of them was able to use the Lightning Armor.

When even those powerful existences were incapable of it, a person of the younger generation with the cultivation of a Martial Immortal like Chu Feng should be out of the question.

However, Chu Feng actually managed to accomplish it. He actually managed to unleash the Lightning Armor.

"You... how is it possible?!"

"No, that can’t be real! That must be a fake! It’s impossible for you to unlock the power of the Lightning Armor!"

In terms of being astonished, the one that was the most astonished was Linghu Tiemian.

Compared to the spectators like Li Anzhi, Linghu Tiemian had an even stronger reaction to Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor.

"Did you really think that your Heaven Punishment Mysterious Technique was comparable to my Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique?"

"This Lightning Armor here is the disparity between you and I," Chu Feng sneered.

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he waved his sleeve, and Linghu Tiemian was directly thrown away.

Linghu Tiemian fell ruthlessly to the ground, and created an enormous crater in the surface of the plaza.

The fall left Linghu Tiemian with a very serious injury.

However, Linghu Tiemian had no heart to concern himself with his injury at that moment. Instead, he looked to Chu Feng and said, "Chu Feng, this is impossible, absolutely impossible! You couldn’t possibly unseal the Lightning Armor."

"It’s that spirit formation! You’ve forged a fake Lightning Armor with the spirit formation of this place!!!"

As he spoke, Linghu Tiemian began to shout emotionally.

"That’s right, it’s a fake, it must be a fake!"

"That Chu Feng is actually such a hypocrite! He actually forged a fake Lightning Armor with the spirit formation. This is truly a disgrace toward Chu Hanxian’s reputation, toward Chu Xuanyuan’s reputation!"

"He is simply unqualified to be Chu Hanxian’s grandson, Chu Xuanyuan’s son!!!"

Many people from the Linghu Heavenly Clan began to curse Chu Feng out. They were determined that Chu Feng had used the spirit formation’s power to forge a fake Lightning Armor.

In fact, they were not the only people present that felt that Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor was fake.

As for the reason why, it was purely because the Lightning Armor was a power that no one else had managed to unseal.

Even the peak experts from the Ancestral Martial Starfield, even the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Supreme Elders, had been unable to use the power of the Lightning Armor.

How could a person of the younger generation like Chu Feng possibly be able to unseal the power of the Lightning Armor at the Martial Immortal realm?

Merely, although there were bystanders that did not believe Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor to be real, they did not dare to criticize Chu Feng or curse him out.

After all, Chu Feng held absolute power in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm

Furthermore, he also controlled the crowd’s life and death.

"It would appear that you all are sore losers."

"Since that’s the case, do not blame me, Chu Feng, for being ruthless."

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, surging lightning suddenly emerged. It was the blood-red lightning.

Chu Feng had unleashed the Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique.

"Boom, boom, boom~~~"

At that moment, rumbles began to sound from all places as blood-red light flickered about.

Like blood-red dragons, the lightning struck down from the sky repeatedly.

All of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen were struck by the lightning.

All those whose bodies were struck immediately had their bodies destroyed and souls shattered.

However, Chu Feng did not actually kill them. Chu Feng did not erase the power of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s grand protective formation as he attacked them.

With the protection of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s grand protective formation, even though the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen’s bodies were destroyed and their souls were shattered, they would still immediately recover.

However, after they recovered, what awaited them was more blood-red lightning.

The blood-red lightning was so powerful that not even Linghu Tiemian was able to contend against it. As for the other Linghu Heavenly Clansmen, they were even less capable of contending against the lightning.

Unable to tolerate the torture of being repeatedly struck by lightning, they all started to voluntarily leave the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

"Chu Feng, you shameless and despicable bastard! This battle is unjust, this battle is simply one-sided!!!"

"I, Linghu Tiemian, am not done with you! I am not done with you!!"

"I will fight you again after you leave this Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm! I will kill you after you leave this Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm!!!"

Enduring the miserable pain, Linghu Tiemian started to shout at Chu Feng with great unreconcilement.

From the bottom of his heart, Linghu Tiemian did not believe that Chu Feng was able to really unseal the power of the Lightning Armor.

As such, he firmly believed that the power of Chu Feng’s Lightning Armor was faked by the power of the spirit formation that Chu Feng controlled, and was not really Chu Feng’s ability.

That was why Linghu Tiemian was so furious, and determined that Chu Feng held an unfair advantage in their battle.

That was something that Linghu Tiemian believed from the bottom of his heart.

Unfortunately, even Linghu Tiemian was unable to endure being continuously struck by the Immortal Taboo: Blood Lightning Technique.

After shouting angrily, Linghu Tiemian’s body disappeared.

Linghu Tiemian was the last person from the Linghu Heavenly Clan that disappeared. With his disappearance, all the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen present had disappeared.

The crowd all knew very well that they didn’t die, that Chu Feng didn’t kill them.

Instead, they had escaped. The Linghu Heavenly Clansmen had decided to escape from the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, as they were unable endure Chu Feng’s torture.

Currently, the blood-red lightning that had filled the sky had disappeared.

Apart from the wreckage of the battle, the region had returned to how it was before.

However, at that moment, it was abnormally quiet.

No one dared to utter a word. Instead, they were all quietly looking at Chu Feng with complicated expressions.

They would not forget what they’d witnessed.

That young man standing in the sky had changed the situation of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.

He had driven out the strongest overlord of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm all by himself.

The crowd would never forget the special identity of that young man.

Not only was that young man called Chu Feng...

...he was also Chu Hanxian’s grandson...

...and Chu Xuanyuan’s son.

Furthermore, he was the new ruler of the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm.