Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3274 - The Dormant Queen

“That’s right. Chu Feng, stop hiding your cultivation. Let us see exactly how much you’ve grown.”

“Chu Feng, you don’t have to hide it anymore. You also don’t have to fear that we will not be able to handle it. Ever since you’ve returned to the clan, every single thing that you’ve done has been world-shaking. We have already grown used to it. Even if you’ve managed to break through to Martial Immortal realm, we will still be able to handle it.”

“That’s right, that’s right. Now, stop hiding your cultivation.”

After Chu Xuanzhengfa said those words, the others present also began to open their mouths one after the other.

Cheerful and lively, they were bustling with noise and excitement.

“Seniors, I am truly apologetic. Due to the fact that I was setting up a grand formation inside the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, I had to seal off my cultivation, and had forgotten about it. Chu Feng had not intentionally concealed his cultivation.”

Chu Feng was not lying. It was true that he had not deliberately concealed his cultivation. Furthermore, he had sealed his cultivation, not concealed it.

Thus, it would take some effort for him to unseal his cultivation.

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he immediately started to form hand seals one-handedly.

As martial power circulated, the seal within Chu Feng’s body began to slowly unravel.

Suddenly, Chu Feng’s clothes began to flutter. The aura of his cultivation began to emit from his body. Everyone present, regardless of their cultivations, were all able to clearly sense Chu Feng’s current cultivation.

"Rank five Martial Immortal."

"Chu Feng, you... you’ve actually reached rank five Martial Immortal?"

After sensing Chu Feng’s aura, not to mention the people of the younger generation, even the experts from the older generation opened their mouths wide in shock.

Even though they had said earlier that they were already prepared for any surprise, they still ended up being completely astonished by Chu Feng’s cultivation.

Their astonishment was understandable. After all, based on their predictions, it would already be extremely unfathomable should Chu Feng be able to increase his cultivation to the Martial Immortal realm.

Who would’ve possibly imagined that Chu Feng’s cultivation would actually increase to rank five Martial Immortal?

One must know that Chu Feng had only been in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm for a very short period of time.

The speed of Chu Feng’s progress in cultivation was simply too frightening.

"Chu Feng, you’re truly too terrifying, no? Originally, I was planning to catch up to you vigorously and close the gap between us. However, you’ve actually become a rank five Martial Immortal; how are we to catch up to you? You’re shocking us too much, no?" Chu Haoyan said to Chu Feng with a complaining tone. However, there was clearly a smile on his face as he complained.

Back when Chu Haoyan was Chu Feng’s enemy, he had wished for Chu Feng’s cultivation to increase slowly. Only with that would he be able to take care of Chu Feng.

However, Chu Haoyan now wished for Chu Feng’s cultivation to increase faster, the faster the better.

The reason for that was because he knew that only Chu Feng would be able to obtain honor for their Chu Heavenly Clan.

It was not only Chu Haoyan who was acting this way; Chu Huanyu was also acting this way.

Seeing this scene, the others were surprised. After all, Chu Haoyan and Chu Huanyu were people with extremely deep conflicts with Chu Feng. They were people that had great hatred for Chu Feng.

However, the two of them actually had such an enormous change in their attitude toward Chu Feng.

Not only did it appear that they had let their former grievances be bygones, but they were actually acting like they were good brothers with Chu Feng. Seeing such a change in behavior, the crowd all gasped in surprise.

Ignoring what might’ve happened in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, Chu Feng’s charisma was truly extraordinary.

After Chu Feng unleashed his aura and revealed his cultivation, the palace hall reached peak excitement.

Chu Feng became the sole focus of the palace hall. He became the object of envy and admiration for all the people of the younger generation, and the object of praise and appreciation for all the people of the older generation.

At the moment when the crowd were all circling around Chu Feng nonstop, there was a person with a complicated expression standing in a very non attention-grabbing location amongst the crowd.

That person was a woman. She was Chu Yue.

Chu Yue was originally the person of the Chu Heavenly Clan that Chu Feng trusted the most. She was also the first person that Chu Feng considered to be his relative.

However, because of her greed, she became a stranger to Chu Feng.

At that moment, Chu Yue felt great pain in her heart.

The higher Chu Feng soared, the more she hated herself, hated how foolish she was back then.

She felt enormous regret from the bottom of her heart.

Regardless of whether it might be because she had grown a conscience and realized what she did was wrong, or if it was purely because of how powerful Chu Feng had become, it remained that she regretted what she had done.

However, she did not even have the courage to speak to Chu Feng. In fact, she did not even dare to appear before Chu Feng.

The reason for that was because she felt that she was unqualified to do so.

Thinking of this, Chu Yue grabbed her clothes, and two streams of remorseful tears moistened her face.

There were people all over the palace hall. There were also people standing beside Chu Feng. However, no one noticed the tears that gradually moistened her entire face.

Chu Feng’s every movement was being captured by the crowd. However, she, even when her face was completely tear-stained, was not paid attention to in the slightest.

The disparity between the two of them was akin to heaven and earth.

...... Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The exuberance of the crowd lasted some time.

More and more people arrived from the Chu Heavenly Clan. They all felt joyous at Chu Feng’s return, feeling joyous for Chu Feng’s increased cultivation.

Regardless of whether they were sincere in their joy or not, the crowd all reacted as if they were in great joy.

After all, the change that Chu Feng had brought to the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, the honor that he had obtained, was something that not only belonged to Chu Feng alone, but rather the Chu Heavenly Clan as a whole.

That said, while the crowd were all celebrating and cheering, a single person did not appear.

As for that person, he was the most influential person in the entire Chu Heavenly Clan, the strongest person in the entire Chu Heavenly Clan, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Lord Clan Chief.

If the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Lord Clan Chief were to receive news of Chu Feng’s return, it would be impossible for him to not show up.

The reason why he did not show up to receive Chu Feng was because he had a matter to attend to, and was away from the clan.

As for what that matter might be, no one in the Chu Heavenly Clan had any idea.

In the blink of an eye, Chu Feng had returned to the Chu Heavenly Clan for several days.

In the few days that he was back, Chu Feng did not bother to concern himself with anything else, and began to drink and chat merrily with Chu Qing and the others.

Although they were all martial cultivators, they still had mortal attributes.

Because of this, Chu Feng and the others all possessed the seven emotions and six desires, and would relieve and destress themselves.

When they were sad, they would cry. When they were happy, they would party.

That said, although they had mortal attributes, they were still martial cultivators. After a brief period of enjoying themselves, everyone returned to their normal activities, as they would not forget that the most important task for them was to continue with their training.

Only by continuous training and gaining martial comprehension would they become stronger.

At present, Chu Feng had returned to his residence. Chu Feng’s current residence was dazzling and luxurious. However, upon returning to his luxurious palace, Chu Feng began to feel lonely.

Chu Feng sat down cross-legged and cast his awareness into his world spirit space again.

It had been some time since Chu Feng had returned from the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. He was no longer able to remember exactly how many times he had entered his world spirit space.

Her Lady Queen was still sitting inside his world spirit space in a cross-legged position with her eyes tightly closed.

Normally, Chu Feng would very rarely see Eggy sitting there in such a proper manner.

After all, Eggy was very naughty and mischievous.

Over the years, Chu Feng’s temperament had changed a lot. From a maverick youngster, Chu Feng had became an unflustered and calm man.

In the past, he would only act on his impulses. However, Chu Feng would now consider things thoroughly before doing anything.

However, Her Lady Queen was different. She continued to act like a young girl the entire time, and would do whatever she pleased in a completely unconventional manner.

Now, Chu Feng had grown tired of seeing Eggy being so proper.

He truly hoped that Eggy would open her eyes and look at him. Even if she would bully him ruthlessly, he would be willing to accept it.