Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3280 - White Dragon Demon Daoist

The Bloodline Altar was located in a forbidden area of the Chu Heavenly Clan.

Normally, people of the younger generation were simply unable to enter that place.

As for the reason, it was actually quite simple. They simply did not possess the qualifications to enter.

Only people with great authority in the Chu Heavenly Clan were qualified to enter that sort of forbidden area.

However, at that moment, all of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations within a hundred years of age were allowed to enter the forbidden area.

Deep inside the forbidden area was an imposing building. That building stood towering like a mountain peak.

It was the Bloodline Altar.

On the summit of the Bloodline Altar extended eight enormous chains in eight different directions. The chains were connected to eight different mountain peaks.

Those eight mountain peaks were most definitely related to the Bloodline Altar. They were the eight Bloodline Cultivation Formations.

At that moment, a vast crowd was gathered across from the Bloodline Altar. Not only were all the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations present, but there were also a lot of Chu Heavenly Clan’s older generations present too.

Apart from the people in charge of guarding the Chu Heavenly Clan and people that had important jobs, practically everyone from the Chu Heavenly Clan had arrived there..

People from the Chu Heavenly Clan covered both the sky and the ground. They stood there in an orderly manner like a wall erected between heaven and earth.

At that moment, both the experts from the older generation and the newcomers from the younger generation cast their gazes on a single person, Chu Feng.

Chu Feng was at the bottom of the mountain. Following a stone trail; walking toward the Bloodline Altar step by step.

With every step, the stone trail would emit a mysterious brilliance. The Bloodline Altar would also emit a faint light. The stone trail and the Bloodline Altar were resonating with one another. They seemed to be indicating to the crowd that they were inextricably linked with one another.

Only members of the younger generation with a cultivation of Martial Immortal would be able to ascend that stone trail. Only they would be able to gain a reaction from the Bloodline Altar after ascending the stone trail.

That was the crucial aspect to activating the Bloodline Altar.

At that moment, everyone was looking at Chu Feng. Whilst feeling nervous, the Chu Heavenly Clansmen had complicated expressions on their faces, and were gasping with emotion.

When Chu Feng first returned to the Chu Heavenly Clan, countless Chu Heavenly Clansmen had questioned his prowess, ridiculed him, and treated him with hostility.

However, Chu Feng had now become the focus of attention for their entire clan. It was not only the people of the younger generation; even the experts from the older generation were filled with expectations for Chu Feng.

They were all looking forward to Chu Feng being able to activate the Bloodline Cultivation Formation. After all, the Bloodline Cultivation Formation was beneficial to them too. It might even be able to allow those who had been unable to make progress in their cultivation the entire time to make some progress.

Chu Feng was no longer that expelled trash child that was despised by others.

Even the experts from the older generation would have to rely on him to increase their cultivation.

"Clamor~~~"

Right at the moment when the crowd’s focus was all on Chu Feng, a large commotion suddenly sounded from behind the crowd.

It was actually the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Supreme Elder Chu Hanpeng. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Those two people were the most influential individuals in the Chu Heavenly Clan, the two people with the most authority in the Chu Heavenly Clan, the number one and number two individuals of the Chu Heavenly Clan.

Coming together with the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and the Supreme Elder Chu Hanpeng were two other individuals.

They were a monk and a daoist.

The monk had a very long beard. His beard was actually three meters long, longer than he was tall. However, his beard did not reach the ground. Instead, it was fluttering and floating in midair without any wind.

Furthermore, if one were to pay close attention, one would notice that his body was flickering with faint starlight. It appeared as if there were a myriad of stars revolving around him.

From a glance, one could tell that he was an extraordinary individual.

As for the daoist, he was also extraordinary. He wore a white daoist robe filled with black spirit formation symbols and runes. Merely from looking at his daoist robe, one could tell that it was a precious treasure.

The daoist had a head of snow-white hair. As for his snow-white beard, it was actually longer than even the beard of the monk that stood beside him. His beard was over five meters long. Like the monk’s beard, his beard was also floating in midair and, as if it possessed spirituality, fluttering about without wind.

Seeing those two people; whilst the people of the younger generation did not show much of a reaction, those from the older generation revealed astonished looks on their faces.

At that moment, not only did the experts from the older generation show reverence on their faces, but they also began to send voice transmissions to the younger generation to inform them to behave themselves properly, and not be rude.

The reason for that was because the monk and the daoist were both greatly renowned individuals in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. They were two actual grand characters. To the Chu Heavenly Clan, the two of them were most definitely noble guests.

At the same time, they were existences that the Chu Heavenly Clan could not afford to offend.

The monk was the person deemed to be the second strongest world spiritist in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield, The Saintly Stellar Monk.

As for that daoist, he was equally famous. Although his world spirit techniques were inferior to the Saintly Stellar Monk’s, he was merely a bit inferior.

The daoist was called the White Dragon Demon Daoist.

His name was renowned throughout the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Speaking of it, it was quite a coincidence too. Those two grand existences were close friends, and would always wander the Ancestral Martial Starfield completely unfettered.

At present, the two of them just so happened to come across the Chu Heavenly Clan, and decided to visit the Chu Heavenly Clan to enjoy some tea.

Upon arriving at the Chu Heavenly Clan, they started to hear from the people there that a major event was about to happen in the Chu Heavenly Clan.

They learned that Chu Xuanyuan’s son was about to activate the Bloodline Altar.

It just so happened that both the monk and the daoist were people that enjoyed watching entertainment and excitement. As such, they wanted to go and check things out.

Normally, as it was the Chu Heavenly Clan’s forbidden area, outsiders would not be allowed to enter. However, the monk and the daoist were individuals with extraordinary status. As such, the Chu Heavenly Clan truly did not dare to refuse them.

Because of that, not only did the Chu Heavenly Clan allow the two of them to enter, but they were also personally received by the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Chu Hanpeng, the two strongest individuals in the Chu Heavenly Clan.

This showed the status and strength of the monk and the daoist even more.

"That is the Bloodline Altar? It is truly imposing. The Chu Heavenly Clan is a Heavenly Clan that enjoys great fortune," After seeing the Bloodline Altar, the White Dragon Demon Daoist began to exclaim in admiration repeatedly.

As a powerful world spiritist, he was able to tell how extraordinary the Bloodline Altar was.

At the very least, it would be impossible for him to construct something like it. Because of that, he was able to imagine what sort of existence that noble person the Chu Heavenly Clan had encountered back then was.

"If that grand character had helped your clan a bit more, it would not be the Linghu Heavenly Clan that possessed the power to call upon the wind and summon the rain in the Ancestral Martial Starfield now. Hahaha," The White Dragon Demon Daoist said to the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

"Brother White Dragon, you are flattering us. Our Chu Heavenly Clan wouldn’t dare to compare ourselves to the Linghu Heavenly Clan," The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"Why act so modestly? If either one of that father and son, Chu Hanxian or Chu Xuanyuan, were still here, the ranking of the powers in the Ancestral Martial Starfield would not be like it is today," the White Dragon Demon Daoist said.