Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3281 - Nine Lightnings Illuminating The Heaven And Earth

"Speaking of it, Brother Chu, when is that boy Chu Xuanyuan going to be released?" The Dragon Demon Daoist asked.

Once he asked that question, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s expression immediately changed.

The reason for that was because the White Dragon Demon Daoist’s words had hidden implications within them.

He knew that the Chu Heavenly Clan was simply unable to contain Chu Xuanyuan. If it wasn’t for Chu Xuanyuan voluntarily allowing himself to be imprisoned, the Chu Heavenly Clan would simply not be able to imprison him.

Thus, he felt that it would be up to Chu Xuanyuan as to when he would be released. He felt that the Chu Heavenly Clan would not have much control over the matter.

Should Chu Xuanyuan be released, an enormous change would occur to the Chu Heavenly Clan. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

After the White Dragon Demon Daoist finished saying those words, it was not only the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief whose expression changed. Chu Hanpeng and the others also revealed a slight change in their expressions.

This was truly a difficult question for them to answer.

The White Dragon Demon Daoist seemed to have realized that his question was somewhat inappropriate, and decided to stop pressing the matter. Before the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief could answer his question, he turned his gaze to the stone trial below. With his eyes on Chu Feng, he said, "That youngster is Chu Xuanyuan’s son, Chu Feng, right?"

"That’s right, he is Chu Feng," the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief answered.

"That Chu Feng has truly made rapid progress. In the blink of an eye, he actually became a rank five Martial Immortal," the Saintly Stellar Monk looked at Chu Feng and revealed admiration in his eyes.

"As a rank five Martial Immortal, he is indeed capable of being considered a top existence among the younger generation. Merely, it’s truly a pity..." Compared to the Saintly Stellar Monk’s praises, the White Dragon Demon Daoist spoke with hidden implications behind his words after sizing up Chu Feng.

"Brother White Dragon, what’s there to pity?" the Saintly Stellar Monk asked.

"Should he be an ordinary person of the younger generation, his cultivation would undoubtedly place him among the ranks of geniuses. Unfortunately... it’s a pity that he’s Chu Xuanyuan’s son. As Chu Xuanyuan’s son, to have only this cultivation at his age is truly inexcusable."

"The way I see it, it’s better that Chu Xuanyuan give birth to a couple more children. Otherwise... I fear that he will not have a qualified successor to carry on his name," the White Dragon Demon Daoist laughed.

Hearing those words, many people from the Chu Heavenly Clan revealed displeased looks in their eyes.

After all, Chu Feng was already the most outstanding person of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations. Yet, this White Dragon Demon Daoist was mocking him like that. It was only natural that the Chu Heavenly Clansmen would feel displeased.

However, whilst they were displeased by his remarks, no one dared to show it, much less voice it.

"Brother White Dragon, you cannot say it like that. For things like talent, some people will reveal them sooner, whereas others will reveal them later."

"Compared to Chu Xuanyuan amazing the entire world with a single brilliant feat, that Chu Feng has been steadily moving forward. I feel that that child will definitely become a very capable individual in the future," the Saintly Stellar Monk said.

"Definitely become a very capable individual? Heh... brother Saintly Stellar, if that Chu Feng is able to activate four Bloodline Cultivation Formations today, I will give you my horsetail whisk," as the White Dragon Demon Daoist spoke, he flipped his wrist and revealed a jade-green horsetail whisk.

Seeing the horsetail whisk, the crowd’s expressions all changed.

That horsetail whisk was a precious treasure. Furthermore, it was a treasure that the White Dragon Demon Daoist carried with him all the time. To the White Dragon Demon Daoist, that horsetail whisk had a special implication.

"Very well," seeing the horsetail whisk in the White Dragon Demon Daoist’s hand, the Saintly Stellar Monk nodded joyfully.

The reason for that was because the White Dragon Demon Daoist’s horsetail whisk was a treasure that he had admired for a long time.

"However, what if that Chu Feng fails to even activate four Bloodline Cultivation Formations? What will you do then?" The White Dragon Demon Daoist asked.

"Haha, it’s you who said that you’d give me your horsetail whisk should Chu Feng activate four Bloodline Cultivation Formations. I never once said that I want to put anything on the line to bet with you. As such, why are you seeking things from me?" the Saintly Stellar Monk replied with a smile.

"In that case, it would mean that you simply don’t think highly of that Chu Feng at all. You were merely praising him with your mouth, and not your heart. Brother Saintly Stellar, that’s being hypocritical, no?" The White Dragon Demon Daoist said. As he spoke, he put his horsetail whisk away.

"I’ve said that Chu Feng’s talent will slowly emerge over time. His performance in the Bloodline Altar doesn’t represent what he’ll be able to accomplish in the future. It’s you who declared that Chu Feng wouldn’t be able to activate four Bloodline Cultivation Formations; this old man here never declared anything. If you’re afraid of being wrong, you can very well take back what you said earlier. Brother White Dragon, you can rest assured, this old monk won’t make things difficult for you," the Saintly Stellar Monk said with a beaming smile on his face.

"I, White Dragon, am always one to honor my words. As long as Chu Feng is able to activate four Bloodline Cultivation Formations, I will definitely give you my horsetail whisk. However, brother Saintly Stellar, it’s best that you don’t hold too much expectation. I fear that Chu Feng will fail to live up to your expectations and disappoint you," the White Dragon Demon Daoist spoke with a beaming smile.

"Haha, this old monk is not afraid of false happiness. I only fear that brother White Dragon will feel distressed later on," the Saintly Stellar Monk laughed.

"We shall wait and see then," the White Dragon Demon Daoist was not angry in the slightest. Instead, he reacted very indifferently to the matter.

Had it been others chatting with one another in such a manner, they would definitely be furious with one another.

However, neither the Saintly Stellar Monk nor the White Dragon Demon Daoist were angry. The reason for that was because they were truly close friends of many years, and would thus bicker with each other frequently. They would find amusement in their arguments, and had grown accustomed to them already.

Right at that moment, someone exclaimed, "Chu Feng has entered!"

Hearing that person, the crowd all turned their eyes to Chu Feng. They discovered that the entrance at the bottom of the Bloodline Altar had opened. Chu Feng had entered the Bloodline Altar.

"Rumble~~~"

In the next moment, lightning began to flash above the Bloodline Altar. The entire Bloodline Altar was covered by many bolts of nine-colored lightning.

That lightning was extraordinarily imposing, and resembled countless lightning dragons setting up a grand formation.

Not only was the lightning extremely bright, but it was also emitting thunderous rumbles all around.

The entire region was illuminated in nine different colors as far as the eye could see; It was truly spectacular.

"What a spectacular sight. This is a beautiful scene rarely seen in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield."

"That Bloodline Altar is truly powerful, truly imposing."

At that moment, not to mention the Saintly Stellar Monk, even the White Dragon Demon Daoist began to exclaim in admiration.

Even people like the two of them were astonished by the sight. From this, one could imagine how stunning the scene of the Bloodline Altar being enveloped by nine-colored lightning was.