Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3283 - Chu Yue’s Tears

"Chu Hang, what are you doing?"

After falling to the ground, Chu Yue immediately got back up and looked to the man standing before the spirit formation gate with a furious expression.

"What am I doing? You’re unable to open this spirit formation gate, and are simply wasting such a good Immortal Technique. I’m merely preventing you from wasting it," that man by the name of Chu Hang said.

"Me, waste? Time is required to decipher and unlock the gate to begin with, how am I wasting it?"

"Besides, Lord Clan Chief personally said that fighting is not allowed after entering the Bloodline Altar. He said that the person who arrived before the spirit formation gate had seniority in attempting to open the spirit formation gate. As for the others, they aren’t allowed to fight over the spirit formation gate."

"What are you doing now, are you planning to ignore Lord Clan Chief’s order?"

"You’d best step aside right now. If you do that, I will let bygones be bygones. Otherwise, I will go to the Law Enforcement Hall and report this matter to them," Chu Yue spoke with great displeasure.

"Hahaha. Qualifications, you say?"

"Whilst others might possess the qualifications, how could you, Chu Yue, be qualified?"

"You want to report this matter? Very well, go ahead and report this matter to the Law Enforcement Hall then."

"Who doesn’t know that the Law Enforcement Hall’s Vice Hall Master Lord Chu Xuanzhengfa thought very highly of Chu Feng?"

"As for Lord Clan Chief, he adores and values Chu Feng enormously."

"Yet, what about you? Back then, for the sake of mere self-interest, you didn’t hesitate to betray him."

"The entire clan knows about this matter. Do you think that, with your identity, anyone will bother to pay attention to you should you go and report on me?" Chu Hang sneered.

"I..." Chu Yue turned deathly pale. She didn’t know how to respond.

"Humph. Chu Yue, our clan is already giving you lenient treatment by allowing you to enter this place."

"You need to understand that it’s all thanks to Chu Feng that you’re able to enter this place. As for you, you should know best what you did to him."

"And yet you actually have the guts to enter this place. If I were you, I’d be extremely ashamed, and would have no face to come here," Chu Hang continued.

"That’s right. Someone like you shouldn’t be allowed to come here. Scram! Get out!"

"Immediately scram from here! Get the hell out of this place!"

In the next moment, the bystanders also began to echo Chu Hang’s words.

Everyone began to attack Chu Yue. Many people even began to tell Chu Yue to leave the Bloodline Altar.

Chu Yue grabbed her clothes tightly. Her body was shivering. Tears were rolling down her face like rain.

She was feeling great grievance. However, more than anything, she was feeling immense remorse.

Even she herself felt what those people said to be very true. She, Chu Yue, really did not possess any qualifications to be there..

The reason for that was because she had let Chu Feng down. She had done that sort of vile thing to him, so how could she have the face to enter the Bloodline Altar opened by Chu Feng?

Because of that, she was unable to refute the crowd.

At the same time, she also felt very helpless.

Chu Yue felt that the entire Chu Heavenly Clan had begun to despise her after Chu Feng gained power and authority. Even her closest friends no longer bothered to pay attention to her. In fact, even her mother bore grudges against her.

Perhaps Chu Yue should not continue to stay in the Chu Heavenly Clan. After all, she did not feel that anyone in the Chu Heavenly Clan still considered her their relative.

But, if she didn’t stay in the Chu Heavenly Clan, where could she possibly go? After all, the Chu Heavenly Clan was her home.

The cruelest thing in the world was not being unable to return to one’s home, but rather being unable to feel as if one were at home whilst being in one’s home.

At that moment, Chu Yue even felt like dying. She felt that there was no meaning for her to continue living.

"All of you, scram!"

Right at that moment, a voice sounded from behind the crowd.

That voice immediately caught the crowd’s attention. After all, that voice was filled with hostility.

At the beginning, the crowd not only turned toward the voice, but they were also thinking about lashing out at that rude fellow who had shouted at them.

However, when the crowd saw the person who had spoken, they all stood there stunned. Immediately afterward, they hurriedly stepped aside and opened up a path for that person.

The reason for that was because the person who’d spoken was none other than Chu Feng.

"Lil... little brother Chu Feng."

"This Chu Yue is truly worthless. She shouldn’t have come to this place. However, you don’t have to be angry either, as it’s simply unworthy of you to be angry at someone like her."

"There’s simply no need for you to say anything, we will help you take care of someone as shameless as her," Chu Hang spoke with an eagerly attentive expression.

However, never would Chu Hang expect that Chu Feng would narrow his brows and shout at him angrily, "I am telling you to scram!"

Chu Feng’s shout was more resounding than thunder. His shout violently shook the entire corridor.

As for Chu Hang, he was so scared by the shout that his knees grew weak, and he fell directly onto the ground. Then, without daring to say anything, he immediately crawled away.

At that moment, the others present all stood there, stunned.

They were all able to tell that Chu Feng was angry. However, they did not understand why Chu Feng would become angry. After all, they were clearly helping him vent his anger by attacking Chu Yue.

However, they did not dare to run away from Chu Feng. The reason for that was because they were afraid and scared witless, and confused as to what to do. Just like that, they continued to stay where they were like a bunch of fools.

Chu Feng began to slowly walk toward Chu Yue.

At that moment, Chu Yue became especially nervous. She did not even dare to raise her head. The reason for that was because she did not know what Chu Feng planned to do to her.

Chu Feng walked over to Chu Yue and said, "Martial power is needed to open this gate. However, your cultivation is insufficient."

"I... in that case, I’ll choose another," Chu Yue said to Chu Feng while trembling with fear. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

"There’s no need," Chu Feng said.

"Ah?" Chu Yue stood stunned. She did not understand what he meant.

Right at that moment, Chu Feng suddenly moved. He clenched his fingers into a fist and shot it forth explosively.

"Bang!" The spirit formation gate was shattered apart.

At that moment, it was not only Chu Yue that was stunned. Instead, everyone present was stunned.

This world spirit gate was capable of stopping all of the people of the younger generation present. However, before Chu Feng, it was unable to withstand a single blow.

Even though they already knew that there was an enormous disparity between them and Chu Feng, they were still completely astonished, and began to feel very complicated upon witnessing that scene.

After all, Chu Feng was also a person of the younger generation like them.

"Go ahead and enter it," Chu Feng said to Chu Yue.

After he finished saying those words, he continued to proceed onward toward the depths of the corridor.

At that moment, Chu Yue simply did not dare to believe what had happened before her.

She had treated Chu Feng so badly and betrayed him in the past, yet not only did Chu Feng not make things difficult for her after seeing her, but he instead helped her?

Chu Yue did not enter the spirit formation gate. Instead, she looked to Chu Feng’s back that gradually disappeared before her. She wanted to say something, but didn’t. She felt that she did not even have the qualifications to speak to Chu Feng.

However, she wanted to express her thanks.

Finally, Chu Yue gathered her courage and spoke, "Little brother Chu Feng."

"What is it?" Chu Feng stopped and turned around.

"Thank you, truly, thank you," Chu Yue said with a trembling voice.

Hearing what Chu Yue said, Chu Feng smiled lightly. He said, "Big sis Chu Yue, is there a need for you to be this courteous with me?"

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng turned back around and began to walk away again. However, suddenly, Chu Feng stopped. He turned around and looked to the crowd. His gaze turned sharp.

"All of you, listen carefully. Chu Yue is the big sister of me, Chu Feng. If any of you dare to bully her again, don’t blame me, Chu Feng, for being impolite with you."

After he finished saying those words, Chu Feng looked to Chu Yue and smiled gently. Then, he turned back again and continued onward.

Chu Feng’s speed was very fast. In the blink of an eye, he had disappeared.

As for the people that were gathered in that spot, they immediately dispersed after Chu Feng walked far away.

Only Chu Yue continued to stand there.

Her body was still trembling. She was trembling more intensely than when she was being bullied earlier.

Tears still covered her face. There were a lot more tears on her face than when she was being bullied.

In fact, even her crying look was much more unsightly than when she was being bullied.

However, she was not crying out of grievance from being bullied.

Instead, she was crying tears of joy from being forgiven by Chu Feng.