Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3305 - Truly Shameless

"Senior brother, my sister and I had been to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm to assist the Nine Profound Sect in unsealing a formation. At that time, we encountered an opponent. As for that person, he was Chu Feng."

"Merely, back then, we had no idea that Chu Feng was actually someone from the Chu Heavenly Clan," Liangqiu Hongyue explained.

Hearing Liangqiu Hongyue speak in such a serious manner, the crowd had no choice but to believe her. Thus, they all cast their gazes to Chu Feng. They’d all realized that that arrogant person of the younger generation seemed to have the means to act arrogantly.

That said, compared to the elders, who began to have a whole new level of respect for Chu Feng, the people of the younger generation started feeling upset.

While they were people that revered powerful peers, their peer’s status must also be taken into consideration.

Liangqiu Hongyue and Liangqiu Lanyue were the personal disciples of Grandmaster Liangqiu.

For Wuma Shengjie, while he possessed an ordinary background, it remained that he was the prophesied child.

As for Chu Feng, he was merely some brat from the Chu Heavenly Clan. His identity caused them to feel contempt for him from the bottoms of their hearts.

They were feeling like a bunch of noble young masters encountering a commoner with talent and ability. Even if the talent and ability of that commoner caused them to feel inferior by comparison, those noble young masters were still qualified to look down on the birth of that commoner.

Instinctively, they would despise that commoner, and feel displeased and envious of them. Ultimately, they would wish for the failure of that commoner.

"There’s actually such a thing?" Liangqiu Chengfeng nodded. He knew Liangqiu Hongyue’s personality, and knew that she was a very prideful person. For her to be willing to mention her defeat of her own accord, it would appear that she had truly been forced into a corner.

As for the person that had forced her to such a state, it was naturally Wuma Shengjie.

As Liangqiu Chengfeng was the person who brought the Liangqiu Sisters there, he knew best what was happening.

After the Liangqiu Sisters arrived, they actually took the initiative to approach Wuma Shengjie. However, Wuma Shengjie was extremely aloof and proud. This caused the Liangqiu Sisters, especially Liangqiu Hongyue, extreme displeasure, and they likely already remembered the grudge in their hearts.

During their future interactions, the Liangqiu Sisters would, from time to time, encounter conflicts with Wuma Shengjie. Unfortunately, Wuma Shengjie was not a person to be trifled with, and the Liangqiu Sisters were unable to win against him every single time.

As the three of them interacted with each other more and more, the Liangqiu Sisters viewed Wuma Shengjie as their rival. Thus, even though they were defeated by him, they would still not allow him to win just like that.

Because of that, they would rather admit that they were inferior to Chu Feng than admit that they were inferior to Wuma Shengjie.

"Young friend Chu Feng, might you be willing to trouble yourself with helping us breach the defensive formation?" Liangqiu Chengfeng’s voice was aimed toward Chu Feng.

"You must be senior Liangqiu Chengfeng, right?" Chu Feng asked.

"It is precisely this old man," Liangqiu Chengfeng answered.

"It is this junior’s honor to be able to assist senior in breaching the defensive formation. As such, I will naturally help senior."

"However, on the other side of this defensive formation is the Ancient Era’s remnant. This junior is also quite interested in it."

"If this junior is to help, might senior be willing to discuss things with the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, and allow myself and my Lord Clan Chief to enter the Ancient Era’s remnant and share the profits too?" Chu Feng asked with his fist clasped.

"This guy is actually making a demand?!"

"Furthermore, he wants to get a share of the profits?! Who the hell does he think he is?!"

The crowd were immediately displeased by Chu Feng’s words. Those from the younger generation began to openly complain. Although those from the older generation did not react in the same manner as the younger generations, they still scoffed, and cast looks of disgust at Chu Feng.

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief did not say anything in regards to Chu Feng’s demand. Actually, after he saw the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, he had really wanted to request the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s help. Should he request the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s help, he would naturally have to share the profits with him.

Merely, after he learned of Chu Feng’s status, he gave up on that thought.

Wuma Shengjie was the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s hope. As the clan chief of the Wuma Heavenly Clan, he did not wish for Chu Xuanyuan’s son to steal Wuma Shengjie’s limelight in their Wuma Heavenly Clan’s territory.

"Actually, young friend Chu Feng’s request is not excessive at all. Unfortunately, I am merely a guest to this place too, and do not possess the authority to make such decisions. As such, I will have to consult with the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief regarding this matter. He shall be the one to make the decision," after Liangqiu Chengfeng finished saying those words, he looked to the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was placed in a very difficult situation. For Liangqiu Chengfeng to say those words, it meant that he had expressed his standpoint on the matter. With that, how could he possibly refuse?

Thus, right after Liangqiu Chengfeng finished saying those words, the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said, "Young friend Chu Feng, this old man is able to agree to that request of yours. Merely... if you’re unable to open that defensive formation, what will you do then?"

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s words were spoken with a gentle laugh. He had deliberately relaxed his tone, and said those words in a manner as if he were joking around, and not deliberately making things difficult for Chu Feng.

However, he was definitely making things difficult for Chu Feng.

What he was implying with his words was that Chu Feng would naturally be allowed to enter the Ancient Era’s remnant should he be able to breach the defensive formation. However, should he fail to do so, he should scram back to where he came from.

Chu Feng smiled gently at the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s words. He said, "Senior, it is you who need my assistance right now. If I am able to open that defensive formation, it would naturally be good. If I am unable to do so, then I am unable to do so. What more do you want from me? After all, all these seniors present have failed to breach the defensive formation, no?"

"This..."

"Shameless."

Once Chu Feng said those words, it was not only the people from the younger generation that started to curse him out; even the grand characters present inside the grand formation revealed helpless expressions.

The reason for that was because they truly did not anticipate that Chu Feng would give that sort of response.

Most importantly, had it been any other ordinary person of the younger generation, how could they possibly dare to speak to an elder in such a manner?

Evidently, Chu Feng was not an ordinary person of the younger generation. That fellow not only had vast nerve, but his skin was also very thick. He actually dared to threaten Liangqiu Chengfeng and the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Threatening, this was naturally threatening. They were merely asking for him to try to help them, yet he actually demanded the qualifications to enter the Ancient Era’s remnant and share the treasures.

If this wasn’t a threat, what was it?

"Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng, that child is so arrogant that he doesn’t even know the immensity of heaven and earth. In my opinion, it’s best that we tell him to scram out of here," someone inside the formation core said. That person was one of those people that did not wish for the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief to join them, and argued with Li Ruochu earlier.

"You don’t want him to try? Are you able to unseal this defensive formation then?" Liangqiu Chengfeng asked.

"Even if he’s allowed to try, he might not necessarily be able to unseal that defensive formation. Besides, isn’t young friend Wuma Shengjie capable of unsealing this defensive formation anyways?" That man said.

"That’s right. There’s really no need for us to give the two of them such precious spots for free just so that he can attempt to unseal the defensive formation. After all, this is a rare Ancient Era’s remnant that we’re talking about here."

Many other grand characters also began to voice their concern.

None of them wished for Chu Feng and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief to be able to share the Ancient Era’s remnant with them.

"While it’s true that young friend Wuma’s control over that spirit formation surpassed that of my two little junior sisters, with his control over the spirit formation, it would him take an entire year to breach this defensive formation. Are you all capable of waiting that long?" Liangqiu Chengfeng asked.

Once he said those words, many people revealed a change in expression. Indeed, a year was truly a bit excessive.

However, another thought soon came to their minds. To martial cultivators, a year could not be considered long at all. That was even more the case when compared to precious treasures.

Thinking of this, the crowd all planned to speak out and declare that they would be able to wait that long. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

However, before they could voice their opinion, Liangqiu Chengfeng said, "While you all might be willing to wait, this old man has no time to waste."

"This..." Hearing those words, those people swallowed the words that they wanted to say.

What could they possibly say?

Liangqiu Chengfeng’s attitude was firm. Furthermore, he was the most important person for the unsealing formation. They could not do without him.

Thus, no matter how unwilling they were, they had no choice but to declare their decision to follow him.

"Milord, in this place, you are the one who gets to make the final decision. We are merely offering you suggestions. Since Milord already has a decision in mind, we’ll have him give it a try then."

Although the crowd had smiles on their faces when they said those words, their hearts were filled with unwillingness.

This was the result of having insufficient strength. Even though they were all people of status, their words did not hold any weight there. They could only obey Liangqiu Chengfeng.

There was nothing they could do about it. After all, Liangqiu Chengfeng was a Saint-cloak World Spiritist, and the most crucial person to breaching the defensive formation.