Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3306 - Stunning Everyone

"Young friend Chu Feng, we’ll have to trouble you then," Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

Chu Feng clasped his fist. Then, his body shifted as he directly leaped into the crack.

Chu Feng passed by the various geniuses. As he passed by them, he was able to sense their disgust-filled gazes. However, he reacted as if he did not see them, and continued to calmly walk past them.

Soon, Chu Feng arrived before Wuma Shengjie.

Seeing Wuma Shengjie, Chu Feng revealed a meaningful smile and a gaze akin to seeing an old friend. However, there was actually a trace of guilt in Chu Feng’s gaze.

After all... Chu Feng had seen what he shouldn’t have.

Faced with the eagerly attentive Chu Feng, Wuma Shengjie did not even bother to look at him, and directly walked past Chu Feng.

Seeing this, Chu Feng shook his head and sighed in his heart, ’Sure enough, she’s a girl that holds a grudge.’

"Buzz~~~"

Suddenly, light began to shine gloriously. Following that, a vast power began to impact where Chu Feng and the others were located. All of heaven and earth began to tremble. The crack that Chu Feng and the others were in began to tremble exceptionally violently.

Chu Feng did not even bother to turn his head. The reason for that was because he knew that the trembling was caused by Liangqiu Chengfeng’s activation of the grand unsealing formation. Thus, Chu Feng directly stood at the center of the formation core before him. After he got into position, the people of the younger generations beside him all began to activate their portions of the spirit formation.

At that moment, both the outside and the inside of the crack were filled with spirit power.

At that moment, what Chu Feng should do would naturally be to utilize the spirit formation with all his might and coordinate with Liangqiu Chengfeng’s grand unsealing formation outside so as to attack and breach the grand defensive formation from both inside and out.

However, Chu Feng did not unleash his spirit power, nor did he attempt to control the power of the spirit formation that he was in. It seemed like he had no intention to attempt unsealing the grand defensive formation.

That said, the crowd did not know that Chu Feng was not attempting to control the spirit formation to coordinate with Liangqiu Chengfeng.

The only thing that the crowd saw was that there was no change to the crack at all after the two spirit formations were activated.

It was one thing for there to be no change. However, after two hours passed, there was actually still no change at all.

This made the crowd certain of one thing -- Chu Feng was simply not an exceptional genius capable of breaching that grand formation. Instead, he was useless trash.

"Humph, to have acted so insufferably arrogant. And here I thought you were some sort of exceptional character. It turns out that you’re nothing more than a paper tiger."

"With what he can do, even I would do better than him should I go up."

"Brother, you shouldn’t compare yourself to him. You’ll simply be insulting yourself should you do so."

"After all, with that performance of his, not to mention any one of us, even if we are to call someone from a Lower Realm that has not cultivated at all, they would be able to accomplish what he did."

"What you’ve said is very true, very true."

"Miss Liangqiu, are you certain that you were defeated by someone like him? You must’ve mistaken him for someone else, no?"

At that moment, the two grand spirit formations stopped their activation, and the people of the younger generation standing behind Chu Feng began to mock and ridicule him.

Earlier, they did not dare to mock and ridicule Chu Feng because they were afraid that he possessed actual abilities. However, an opportunity to mock, ridicule, insult and humiliate Chu Feng to their heart’s content had presented itself to them. Naturally, they would seize this opportunity fully.

"Chu Feng, what the hell are you doing?" Liangqiu Hongyue walked up toward Chu Feng and asked angrily.

However, Chu Feng completely ignored her. Instead, he was surveying his surroundings.

"Chu Feng, I’m talking to you!" Liangqiu Hongyue urged.

She was feeling very anxious. Should Chu Feng be defeated, it would not only be Chu Feng that would be humiliated. She and her sister would also be utterly humiliated. After all, she had publicly announced that she was defeated by Chu Feng.

"Hush and wait," Chu Feng waved his hand to indicate to Liangqiu Hongyue to not disturb him.

"This guy is actually still playing dumb. Humph, I shall see how much longer he can continue with his act."

"Miss Liangqiu, are you certain that it was him who defeated you before? If it was him, I dare to guarantee that he must’ve used some sort of despicable means to win against you. After all, his world spirit techniques are inferior to even mine."

Those people of the younger generation were all observing Chu Feng as if they were observing a show. They all believed him to be completely useless, and that their earlier worries were completely unnecessary.

Right now, they were all waiting for Liangqiu Chengfeng and the other grand characters inside the formation core to reprimand that swindler Chu Feng.

"See? Didn’t I say that brat is useless? Sure enough, this old man was right."

"It’s truly a pity. We’ve wasted two places to enter this Ancient Era’s remnant just like that."

At that moment, the people of the older generation within the formation core were all shaking their heads and sighing.

Although they revealed helpless expressions on their faces, they were actually extremely delighted. After all, Chu Feng’s incompetence was precisely what they wanted.

However, no matter what the others might say about Chu Feng, Liangqiu Chengfeng continued to calmly observe him.

While the others were unable to tell that Chu Feng did not bother to control the spirit formation at all, he, a Saint-cloak World Spiritist, was able to tell that with full certainty.

During the previous two hours, although Chu Feng did not control the spirit formation to attempt the breaching process, he was not idle. He had been carefully observing the changes to the crack the entire time.

Liangqiu Chengfeng guessed that Chu Feng should be looking for a weakness in the crack.

Even at that moment, Chu Feng was still searching for it.

Thus, he was waiting, waiting for Chu Feng to discover some weakness in the crack. Should he be able to discover it, there would really be hope to breach the defensive formation.

Finally, Chu Feng retrieved his gaze. He looked to the direction of Liangqiu Chengfeng and the others and said, "Senior, let us try again."

"You want to try again?! Who the hell do you think you are?!"

"You shameless trash! Scram out of here immediately! Otherwise, do not blame me for becoming impolite with you!"

"That’s right, scram immediately! It’s one thing for you to waste our time, but it’s another thing for you to waste Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng’s time!"

Chu Feng’s words were immediately met with the people of the younger generation lashing out at him.

They were cursing him out very fiercely. They all felt that they were standing up for Liangqiu Chengfeng and the various great experts by doing that. They thought that this would not only vent their anger, but it would also help them gain Liangqiu Chengfeng’s favor.

"All of you, shut up!"

However, to everyone’s surprise, Liangqiu Chengfeng suddenly shouted angrily. Judging from his words, his furious shout was not aimed at Chu Feng. Instead, it seemed to be aimed at them.

At that moment, the people of the younger generation were all dumbstruck. They did not understand why Liangqiu Chengfeng would shout at them so furiously. Could it be that he was venting his anger toward Chu Feng at them?

When Liangqiu Chengfeng said his next sentence, it was not only the people of the younger generation present; even the bystanders were completely astonished.

"All of you need not say anything anymore. You are to cooperate with young friend Chu Feng in activating the spirit formation," Liangqiu Chengfeng’s imposing voice sounded from within the formation core.

Liangqiu Chengfeng was actually still standing on Chu Feng’s side!!!

The crowd were all confused by his mysterious attitude. Even the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was confused.

"Buzz~~~"

Right at that moment, light began to illuminate the area.

Seemingly as if he was unwilling to give the crowd time to think, Liangqiu Chengfeng had activated the grand unsealing formation.

Although confused and very unwilling, no one dared to disobey him. As such, the people of the younger generation had no choice but to activate the spirit formation.

Just like that, another hour passed.

After an hour passed, there was still no change to the crack at all. The crowd had all wasted their time and spirit power.

Suddenly, Chu Feng waved his arm and shouted, "Senior Liangqiu Chengfeng, please wait a moment!"

He actually asked Liangqiu Chengfeng to stop in the middle of their attempt.

"This guy, what’s he up to now?"

Chu Feng’s sudden call to stop caused many people to frown.

As the person in command, only Liangqiu Chengfeng was qualified to boss people around. Others could only set up their spirit formation according to his demands. Yet, Chu Feng actually asked Liangqiu Chengfeng to stop his spirit formation. His action was simply... asking to be cursed.

That’s right, according to Liangqiu Chengfeng’s personality, he would definitely curse Chu Feng out.

After all, Chu Feng was wasting their time.

At that moment, the crowd were all quiet. Even though the people of the younger generation were already gnashing their teeth angrily at Chu Feng, they also did not say anything, did not lash out at Chu Feng. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

They were all waiting, waiting for Liangqiu Chengfeng to become angry at Chu Feng.

After interacting with him over the past few days, they had gained a certain amount of understanding of Liangqiu Chengfeng’s character. They felt that even though he was able to tolerate it before, he would definitely not be able to tolerate it at that moment.

After all, Liangqiu Chengfeng was the type of person that did not allow anyone to disobey him. Only he was allowed to boss people around, and others could not voice any dissent at all.

Practically everyone was certain that Chu Feng would suffer greatly. Even the Liangqiu Sisters shook their heads helplessly.

Even the two of them felt that what awaited Chu Feng would be a torrential storm of curses.

Finally, as the crowd waited, Liangqiu Chengfeng’s voice was heard. He said, "Young friend Chu Feng, what do you need?"

"This?!!!"

Everyone was dumbfounded upon hearing that voice. They were all in utter disbelief.

The reason for that was because not only did the rain of curses that they were waiting for not arrive, but Liangqiu Chengfeng’s tone was actually still amiable.

This... exactly what was going on?