Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3307 - Chu Feng Acting

"Exactly what is going on? Why would Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng do such a thing?"

"This is simply too unconventional. Am I dreaming here?"

"Could it be that I’ve misheard things?"

"With how rude that child is, would Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng really tolerate it like that?"

At this moment, many people began to wonder whether what had happened earlier was real. After all, all of this was simply too unreasonable.

At the moment when the crowd were exclaiming in astonishment, Chu Feng opened his mouth again, "Senior, I will need to alter this spirit formation a bit."

"Wha?!"

"He’s actually planning to amend the grand formation?!"

"Insane! This is truly insane!"

"That Chu Feng has most definitely gone insane!"

The crowd had complicated expressions on their faces. Their hearts were trembling. One must know that the spirit formation that they were activating was set up according to a formation diagram provided by Liangqiu Chengfeng.

Chu Feng’s action was simply an act of questioning Liangqiu Chengfeng’s method.

While Liangqiu Chengfeng was able to tolerate Chu Feng’s behavior in the past, he would definitely not be able to tolerate it now.

"Very well. Young friend Chu Feng, how do you want to amend it? You can decide," Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

"Holy hell, for real?!"

"He actually permitted it?!"

The crowd were all dumbfounded upon hearing Liangqiu Chengfeng’s response. They had expressions that seemed as if they had been struck by lightning. Whiteness filled their heads, and confusion filled their hearts.

Not to mention the people of the younger generation, even those grand characters that were also present in the formation core with Liangqiu Chengfeng had faces covered in astonishment.

What was Liangqiu Chengfeng doing?

How could he tolerate Chu Feng like that?

"Big sister, senior brother, he... what is going on?" Liangqiu Hongyue looked to Liangqiu Lanyue and asked quietly.

Liangqiu Lanyue was also frowning. Completely puzzled, she shook her head.

Even the Liangqiu Sisters were completely baffled by Liangqiu Chengfeng.

This... was simply not the same eldest senior brother that they knew.

Could it be that their eldest senior brother had eaten some sort of bad medicine? nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Or could it be that he had burned his head and become stupid due to anxiety at their repeated failures in breaching that defensive formation?

At the moment when the crowd were all completely confused, Chu Feng began to act.

He actually really began to modify the unsealing spirit formation in the crack designed by Liangqiu Chengfeng.

However, after Chu Feng began his modifications...

Liangqiu Hongyue,

Liangqiu Lanyue,

Wuma Shengjie,

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elder,

Everyone else from the Wuma Heavenly Clan,

Those elders from the other powers,

And the geniuses from the other powers’ younger generations,

All of their faces grew stiff as they revealed brilliant expressions.

They were astonished to discover that the spirit power that Chu Feng unleashed was not only Exalted-level, but there were also snake marks flowing through it.

"This guy, he’s... actually a Snake Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist???"

It was one thing for the bystanders to be surprised. After all, they did not know Chu Feng.

However, at that moment, the Liangqiu Sisters had very complicated feelings. When they looked to Chu Feng again, there was a different sort of expression in their eyes.

During their match against Chu Feng back then, the two of them had been completely defeated by Chu Feng. This caused the two proud and arrogant sisters to feel very upset.

Ever since that day, the two of them were determined to overtake Chu Feng and find an opportunity in the future to defeat him and win back their losses.

They had originally thought that, after becoming Insect Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritists, they would finally have a chance to get revenge on Chu Feng.

In fact, the two of them were even planning to privately look for Chu Feng to compare their world spirit techniques after they finished unsealing the defensive formation.

The two of them had truly never imagined that, after the two of them made breakthroughs in their world spirit techniques and became Insect Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritists, after they believed that they’d already caught up to Chu Feng, he actually managed to reach another level.

How were they supposed to compete against him now?

They no longer... had any odds of success in defeating Chu Feng.

In fact, the crowd were not the only ones that were astonished.

Even Liangqiu Chengfeng, who had already determined that Chu Feng was a Snake Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist from the very start, revealed a surprised look in his eyes.

The crowd were astonished by Chu Feng being a Snake Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist.

As for Liangqiu Chengfeng, he was astonished by Chu Feng’s application of world spirit techniques. Chu Feng’s control over his world spirit techniques had surpassed his expectations.

The way Liangqiu Chengfeng saw it, ignoring the fact that Chu Feng was a Snake Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist, even if he were only an Insect Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist like the Liangqiu Sisters, his control over spirit power and world spirit techniques would still allow him to activate the unsealing formation with perfection.

Most importantly, after Chu Feng amended that spirit formation, Liangqiu Chengfeng was pleasantly surprised.

Although he could not be certain that Chu Feng would succeed, he had a premonition that perhaps Chu Feng might really be able to turn the situation around, and breach the defensive formation that protected that Ancient Era’s remnant.

Finally, Chu Feng finished his modifications.

At that moment, none of the people that had looked down on Chu Feng voiced another word of insult at him.

Firstly, they were unable to see through Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques. Next, they were unable to tell if Chu Feng would succeed. Most importantly, they were unable to tell if Chu Feng would certainly fail.

That was the reason why they did not dare to say anything. They were afraid of saying the wrong thing, and ending up humiliating themselves.

They could only wait for Chu Feng to activate his unsealing formation, and evaluate him based on the outcome.

"Senior, this junior is ready now. Can we start again?" Chu Feng asked.

"We can begin right away," Liangqiu Chengfeng’s anticipation-filled voice sounded from within the formation core.

Following that, light began to shine brightly, covering all of heaven and earth.

The grand unsealing formation activated by Liangqiu Chengfeng and the many experts was once again in motion.

At that moment, the people of the younger generation immediately began the activation of the spirit formation within the crack.

As for Chu Feng, he also released his Snake Mark Exalted-cloak spirit power and began controlling the spirit formation.

"Boom, boom, boom, boom~~~"

Suddenly, explosions began to sound in nonstop succession.

It was all caused by the spirit formation within the crack.

At that moment, there was a massive transformation to the spirit formation within the crack.

If one were to say that the spirit formation within the crack was only a formation composed of countless sharp blades that would attack the crack repeatedly before, then, after Chu Feng’s amendment, the spirit formation had turned into an enormous iron hammer that bombarded the crack repeatedly.

The effect of the repeated bombardment was extremely obvious.

Being hammered by that spirit formation, the crack began to rapidly expand in a cobweb-like manner. In merely a short period of time, the crack had enlarged by several thousand times.

That spirit formation was only just set in motion. If it were to continue, the grand defensive formation would undoubtedly be destroyed.