Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3309 - Touch His Son

"What Chu Xuanyuan had done should not have implicated his descendants. It was this old man’s mistake to have also expelled Chu Feng."

"Nevertheless, Chu Xuanyuan’s crimes cannot be pardoned," the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

After he finished saying those words, the crowd all understood that Chu Xuanyuan was still imprisoned by the Chu Heavenly Clan, and had yet to return.

"What Chu Xuanyuan did back then was actually pardonable. His crimes should not be punished with death. I have heard that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s forbidden area is capable of devouring one’s cultivation. If one’s cultivation ends up being completely devoured, one will then lose one’s life. For you to imprison Chu Xuanyuan in a place like that, what difference is it from punishing him with death?"

A voice was heard. To the crowd’s surprise, the person who said those words was a Li Heavenly Clansman, Li Ruochu.

"What he had done should have been met with capital punishment. However, to be imprisoned in our forbidden area is not capital punishment. Actually... our clan could be considered to have given him very lenient treatment. Of course, what’s important is that the Starfield Master Realm is fine with our punishment," the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

Right at that moment, the Li Heavenly Clan’s Li Taiyi suddenly said, "Enough. What happened back then was merely a show. We all understand the truth, there is no need for you to continue to act."

Then, he added with a skeptical tone, "They all say that your Chu Heavenly Clan’s forbidden area is capable of making one’s cultivation decrease and kill one after one’s cultivation is completely stripped. That is why there were rumors that Chu Feng had died within that forbidden area not long after he was imprisoned there."

"However, isn’t that child alive and standing before us?"

"That child was able to remain alive and even become someone with exceptional talent from his original determination of having no talent in martial cultivation. It would appear that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s forbidden area is completely different from what your clan has described it to be."

"I truly wonder. For your clan to imprison Chu Xuanyuan in a place like that, are you all punishing him, or nurturing him?"

Li Taiyi’s words were very eccentric, and filled with implied meanings.

"Back then, the people from the Starfield Master Realm personally entered our clan’s forbidden area to inspect it. To martial cultivators, our clan’s forbidden area is truly akin to a purgatory."

"Elder Li, you can suspect this matter as much as you want. After all, it does not matter to our clan whether or not you believe in it, as this matter is completely unrelated to Elder Li to begin with," the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

Right at that moment, Liangqiu Chengfeng said, "Two sires, we have just jointly breached the Ancient Era’s remnant’s defensive formation. It is a day of joy. Let us not mention unpleasantries from the past."

After Liangqiu Chengfeng spoke, Li Taiyi said no more. The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief would naturally not continue to argue with him either.

Then, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Chu Feng joined Liangqiu Chengfeng, the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, Li Taiyi and the others, and proceeded into the Ancient Era’s remnant.

En route, Liangqiu Chengfeng was chatting with Chu Feng the entire time. Although he was known for being amiable, it was the first time the crowd had seen him take the initiative to enthusiastically chat with someone like that. They were even more surprised that the person he was chatting with was a person of the younger generation.

At that moment, the people of the younger generation were all feeling endless envy toward Chu Feng. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

To be able to obtain such favorable attention from Liangqiu Chengfeng was simply something that they yearned for day and night.

While that majestic group of people were proceeding toward the Ancient Era’s remnant, Li Ruochu and Li Taiyi were traveling side by side and conversing with one another through voice transmission.

"Lord Supreme Elder, why did you question the effect of that Chu Heavenly Clan’s forbidden area? Could it be that you also think that Chu Xuanyuan’s cultivation did not decrease at all?" Li Ruochu asked. Her words contained hidden implications.

After the Upper Realm Gate opened, there had been two different voices among the Li Heavenly Clansmen.

One voice called for the suppression of the Chu Heavenly Clan. Li Taiyi was one of those people.

As for the other voice, they called for peaceful co-existence with the Chu Heavenly Clan. Li Ruochu was one of those people.

The people that had called for the suppression of the Chu Heavenly Clan had a very simple reasoning. They believed that, with how small and weak the Chu Heavenly Clan was, they would simply not be able to contend against their Li Heavenly Clan. They believed that there was a golden opportunity before them, and that they should defeat the Chu Heavenly Clan, or else they would be laughed at by others.

As for the people that called for peaceful co-existence with the Chu Heavenly Clan, they were doing so all because they were afraid of a single person: Chu Xuanyuan.

And now, even Li Taiyi was doubting that Chu Xuanyuan’s cultivation might not have decreased. With that, should they start a war with the Chu Heavenly Clan, it would simply be akin to bringing about their own destruction.

Even if Chu Xuanyuan’s cultivation had not increased over the years, as long as it had not decreased, their Li Heavenly Clan would still not be a match for him.

Back then, it seemed like only the Starfield Master Realm could contain that man.

"Humph, we all know very well as to why that Chu Xuanyuan was imprisoned back then. He was simply not afraid of the Chu Heavenly Clan. Instead, what he feared was the Starfield Master Realm."

"Thus, you need to understand this. Regardless of whether or not Chu Xuanyuan is still alive, regardless of if his cultivation has decreased or not, it will still hold no bearing to our Li Heavenly Clan’s war with the Chu Heavenly Clan."

"This war will only be a war between our Li Heavenly Clan and the Chu Heavenly Clan."

"Chu Xuanyuan is only someone who has been expelled from the Chu Heavenly Clan. If he is to involve himself in our battle, he will only be bringing about his own destruction. After all, the Starfield Master Realm will definitely not spare him."

"Thus, if I were Chu Xuanyuan, I would obediently stay inside that forbidden area and wait for death. I would absolutely not involve myself in this matter," Li Taiyi said.

"In that case, Lord Supreme Elder, it would mean that you still want to start a war with the Chu Heavenly Clan?" Li Ruochu asked.

"What reason would there be for us to not retrieve what is easily obtainable?" Li Taiyi laughed coldly.

Hearing that response, Li Ruochu said no more. After all, Li Taiyi’s attitude was firm. He was determined to start a war with the Chu Heavenly Clan.

However, soon, Li Ruochu’s expression changed. She said, "Lord Supreme Elder, what you said is very reasonable. However, there is one thing that this junior will have to remind you of."

"Chu Xuanyuan is someone that no one can see through. If he’s still willing to stand up for the Chu Heavenly Clan, he might not necessarily be a person that the Starfield Master Realm will be able to contain."

"If not even the Starfield Master Realm can contain him, what sort of end would our Li Heavenly Clan, who started a war with the Chu Heavenly Clan, suffer? I hope Lord Supreme Elder will take that into consideration."

"After all, that man is Chu Xuanyuan, someone who is capable of doing anything," Li Ruochu said.

Hearing those words, Li Taiyi’s expression became complicated. However, he soon let out a light snort. He said, "Go and tell Lord Clan Chief and the other elders those words. Go and ask them, and see if they believe you."

"In terms of understanding Chu Xuanyuan, this old man knows him much better than you. If Chu Xuanyuan really ends up possessing strength that even the Starfield Master Realm cannot contain, he would simply not be staying inside that forbidden area at all. He would come out of there and bring about a massacre. Not only would he eliminate the Starfield Master Realm, but he would even eliminate the Chu Heavenly Clan."

"There can only be one possible explanation as to why he hasn’t appeared after so long. That is, that his cultivation has already decreased to an extremely weak state," Li Taiyi said.

"If that really is the case, why would Lord Supreme Elder say those words to the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief?" Li Ruochu asked.

"That’s simple. I merely said those words to incite disharmony between the Chu Heavenly Clan and the Starfield Master Realm."

"Ruochu, the reason why this old man dared to call for a suppression of the Chu Heavenly Clan is precisely because I understand Chu Xuanyuan. If you do not believe me, this old man can do one thing to prove my speculation," after Li Taiyi finished saying those words, he cast his gaze to Chu Feng, who was at the front of the group.

"Lord Supreme Elder, what are you planning to do?" Li Ruochu started frowning. She had a feeling of unease.

"According to my understanding of Chu Xuanyuan, he will likely pay no heed should I do anything to the Chu Heavenly Clan."

"However, if anyone dares to touch his son, he will definitely not be willing to leave the matter at that," Li Taiyi said.