Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3310 - Su Rou, Su Mei Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Lord Supreme Elder, you must reconsider," Li Ruochu spoke sternly.

"Rest assured, even if I am to attack him, this old man would not be so foolish as to do so openly," Li Taiyi said. Then, he added in a meaningful manner, "Ruochu, regardless of what your standpoint might be, you should not forget your identity. You are a clansman of our Li Heavenly Clan. You must not commit acts of treason against our Li Heavenly Clan."

Hearing those words, Li Ruochu’s lips rose into a slight curve. She said, "Naturally."

The Ancient Era’s remnant was enormous. As such, there were naturally a lot of entrances.

As such, there was naturally a reason as to why Liangqiu Chengfeng chose the entrance that he chose to lead everyone in together.

According to his observation, while there were countless entrances to the Ancient Era’s remnant, this was the only entrance that would lead to treasures.

At that moment, everyone was traveling through a vast corridor. The vast corridor was covered in a dense ancient era’s aura. There were meticulously carved drawings on the wall and magnificent pillars, both exquisite yet still imposing, that supported the place.

Looking over, one could not see the end of the corridor filled with carved drawings and magnificent pillars. It was truly a sight to revere.

That said, the corridor was filled with numerous traps. However, with Liangqiu Chengfeng present, the spirit formation traps, both those that were openly present and those that were hidden, were unable to cause the slightest bit of harm to the people present.

However, at that moment, an enormous stele blocked the path before the crowd. This stele had managed to stump Liangqiu Chengfeng.

Behind the stele were two long, unfathomable corridors. Those two corridors evidently led to two different places.

According to the experience of the crowd, they knew that a situation like this would generally mean that one led to a path of life, and the other was a path of death.

If they ended up making the wrong choice, there would be no escape.

As such, no one said anything. They were all quietly waiting for Liangqiu Chengfeng.

The answer was present on the stele. However, apart from Liangqiu Chengfeng, no one else would likely be able to comprehend its contents. As such, they were waiting for Liangqiu Chengfeng to present a solution to them.

"This remnant is truly fascinating," after observing for a good while, Liangqiu Chengfeng chuckled.

"Milord, which is the path of life?" The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief stepped forward and asked. He felt that Liangqiu Chengfeng had managed to see through the contents of the stele.

"Both paths lead to life. However, both paths also lead to death," Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

"Ah?" The crowd were startled upon hearing those words. Confused expressions appeared in their eyes. Unable to contain themselves, they asked in unison, "Milord, what do you mean by that?"

"This remnant is fascinating because those of the younger generation within a hundred years of age were able to play a very crucial role. Otherwise... with our strength, no matter how strong we are, we would not have been able to breach that defensive formation."

"This is again true for the two paths before us. The path to the left is a path that only those under a hundred years of age will be able to enter. As for the path to the right, those from the younger generation cannot enter it, as only those above a hundred years of age will be able to enter."

"According to the stele, at the ends of both paths is a spirit formation. The two spirit formations must be deciphered at the same time in order to open the entrance that conceals the treasures."

"If we succeed, the spirit formation shall be breached. If we fail..."

"What will happen if we fail?" The crowd asked in unison.

"If we fail, the two paths will close immediately, and grand slaughtering formations will be activated. Not even I will be able to withstand them. Thus... I will have to warn everyone of this. If you all wish to obtain the treasures, you will have to enter. However, if you are to enter, it will be hard to determine whether or not you’ll survive."

"That is my advice to everyone. You can all consider whether or not to enter," Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

"This..."

After hearing what Liangqiu Chengfeng said, the crowd all revealed looks of hesitation.

"Milord, in that case, are you going to enter?" Someone asked.

"This old man has been asked here. Even if there are dangers, I will naturally still have to enter. How could I possibly cower before this?" Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

"Clansmen of our Wuma Heavenly Clan, are there cowards among you?!" The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief asked.

"None!" The Wuma Heavenly Clansmen present shouted in unison.

"Since we’ve come, we will naturally not return empty-handed. Don’t you agree, Ruochu?" Li Taiyi said.

"What Lord Supreme Elder said is very correct," Li Ruochu faintly smiled. That smile of hers was devastatingly beautiful.

After that, the people from the other powers all began to voice their standpoints.

In the end, none of the people present actually chose to cower.

In truth, they were confident in Liangqiu Chengfeng, and felt that he would not play around with his life. Since he had chosen to enter, they felt that he must possess a certain amount of certainty in success.

Afterwards, Liangqiu Chengfeng ordered Chu Feng to be the person among the younger generations to command the spirit formation.

Then, he began to discuss the timing to decipher the spirit formations with Chu Feng.

After all, the two spirit formations must be deciphered at the same time. Otherwise, it would be a failure.

After discussing, Liangqiu Chengfeng said to Chu Feng, "Young friend Chu Feng, I’ll have to trouble you then."

"Senior is being too courteous. This is this junior’s duty," Chu Feng replied in a courteous manner.

Right at that moment, an elder from an outside power said to Chu Feng, "Young friend Chu Feng, you must be cautious. Our lives are all in your hands."

Before Chu Feng could respond, Liangqiu Chengfeng said, "If you do not trust young friend Chu Feng, you can withdraw from this expedition right now. Otherwise... do not say that sort of thing."

That outsider elder had said those words to Chu Feng in a joking manner. However, Liangqiu Chengfeng said those words to him with a very serious tone.

At that moment, not only did the elder that was warned reveal an unsightly expression, but the others present also revealed change in their expressions.

With how much Liangqiu Chengfeng shielded Chu Feng, it was likely none of the people present would dare to make things difficult for him again.

This was not only a blessing for Chu Feng, but it was also a blessing for the Chu Heavenly Clan.

At that moment, the gazes with which the crowd looked to Chu Feng had changed.

After all, the amount of Saint-cloak World Spiritists in the Ancestral Martial Starfield could be counted with one’s fingers. Those few people all had extremely high statuses and deep connections within the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Not even the Ten Great Heavenly Clans were willing to offend those few world spiritists. As for them, it was even more the case.

If Liangqiu Chengfeng was truly planning to pull Chu Feng under his wing, very few people would dare to openly oppose him.

At that moment, many people made a decision in their hearts that they would pamper and befriend that Chu Xuanyuan’s son.

That said, the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and several elders were feeling uncomfortable.

Originally, those outsiders had all come for Wuma Shengjie. However, his light had been snatched away by Chu Feng.

To their Wuma Heavenly Clan, that was not good at all.

Sure enough, what the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief did not wish for the most had occurred.

"Everyone, let’s go," Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

After he finished saying those words, he lead the older generation down the right corridor.

As for Chu Feng, he and the other people of the younger generation all walked toward the left corridor.

"Young friend Chu Feng, be careful of Li Taiyi."

Right when Chu Feng entered the left corridor, a voice transmission entered Chu Feng’s ears.

Chu Feng turned around to look. He was still able to see the outside. However, apart from the people of the younger generation, there was no one else behind him.

Chu Feng was able to tell that voice was not from any of these members of the younger generation. However, he didn’t know who it was from.

The reason for that was because that voice transmission has been modified. As such, Chu Feng was unable to tell who had warned him.

Seeing that Chu Feng had turned around, Liangqiu Hongyue asked, "Chu Feng, what’s wrong?"

"It’s nothing," Chu Feng smiled lightly. Then, he turned around and proceeded onward.

Meanwhile, neither Liangqiu Chengfeng, Chu Feng, nor the people from the Wuma Heavenly Clan knew that an unforeseen event was happening outside the Ancient Era’s remnant.

After Liangqiu Chengfeng and the others entered the Ancient Era’s remnant, the Wuma Heavenly Clan ordered their elites to guard the entrance.

However, at that moment, all of the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s elites had fallen to the ground.

They all had their eyes open, and were still conscious. However, they were unable to move at all, and unable to speak.

They could only look on helplessly as two young women slowly walked into the Ancient Era’s remnant that they were guarding.

Those two women were simply akin to a nightmare for the Wuma Heavenly Clansmen.

However, should Chu Feng see the two of them, he would definitely be overjoyed.

The reason for that was because those two women were none other than the women that Chu Feng yearned for day and night, Su Rou and Su Mei.