Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3311 - The Only Hope

Su Rou and Su Mei. The pair of sisters were the most beautiful women in the Azure Dragon School. Furthermore, although they were sisters, their beauty was completely different.

Both of them were beauties that one would remember the moment one saw them.

At present, it had been many years since the days of the Azure Dragon School.

However, the pair of sisters still possessed the same sort of beauty they did back then. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

It was as if age did not leave the slightest trace on their face.

Not only was Su Rou’s elegant charm not diminished in the slightest, but her elegant airs had instead grown more vigorous. More and more, she began to give off the airs of a queen.

As for Su Mei, she still had the appearance of a young girl and was still so pure, innocent and charming. Seeing her, one would wish to embrace, protect and love her.

Then again, using the lifespan of martial cultivators that lasted for several thousand years, Su Rou and Su Mei were still extremely young.

Strangely, their gazes were identical, somewhat cold and even slightly scary. It was as if their beautiful bodies housed a terrifying soul.

From this, it could be seen that their bodies were likely still being controlled by the Moon Immortal.

Thus, rather than saying that they were Su Rou and Su Mei, it was more accurate to say that they were the Moon Immortal.

The Moon Immortal seemed to have heard what Liangqiu Chengfeng said earlier. Thus, she knew about the mystery of the Ancient Era’s remnant, and did not stop upon reaching the enormous stele. She also did not bother to look at the contents of the stele, and instead proceeded directly into the path on the right. However, right after she entered the path on the right, an enormous power pushed her out.

"So that wouldn’t do?"

Su Rou and Su Mei spoke at the same time. However, their voices originated from a single existence. Sure enough, it was the Moon Immortal’s voice.

The Moon Immortal did not hesitate. Instead, she directly got up and walked toward the path on the left. It was the corridor that Chu Feng and the others had entered.

This time around, she managed to successfully enter it.

That said, not long after she entered it, the Moon Immortal waved her sleeve, and light began to cover her body. As her body was enshrouded by the light, Su Rou and Su Mei disappeared.

Chu Feng had no idea that the Moon Immortal had entered the Ancient Era’s remnant, and entered the long corridor following them.

Leading the crowd of younger generations, Chu Feng went deep into the corridor. Their journey inward was not free from obstructions. Instead, they ran into a lot of hindrances. In fact, the majority of the obstructions that they encountered endangered their lives. However... none of those obstructions managed to stump Chu Feng.

The people of the younger generations witnessed Chu Feng, all by himself, sweeping away all of the spirit formations that they either managed to sense or failed to see completely.

With this, the reverence they held for Chu Feng grew stronger and stronger.

This was especially true for the women among them. Originally, they had looked down on Chu Feng and felt that he was nothing more than a country bumpkin. They refused to even look Chu Feng in the eye, as they were afraid that he would dirty their eyes.

However, like a miracle, they were all suddenly feeling deep admiration for Chu Feng. Their favorable impression of Chu Feng was increasing nonstop. In fact, some of them even began to attempt striking up a conversation with Chu Feng. Their attitude was very intimate. Even a fool could tell that they were trying to worm their way into being friends with him.

Unfortunately, Liangqiu Hongyue was standing beside Chu Feng. As such, they did not have too many opportunities to speak with him.

That said, at that moment, a stele had managed to stump Chu Feng and the others.

The stele was very large. Spirit formation runes and symbols filled the stele. Those were not characters and words that one could read. Instead, they were symbols filled with profoundness toward world spirit techniques that only people with consummate world spirit techniques could understand.

At that moment, Chu Feng, Wuma Shengjie, Liangqiu Hongyue, Liangqiu Lanyue and even the others present were all using their various abilities to read the contents of the stele.

However, the more they examined the stele, the more they began to frown. The reason for that was because the more they examined the stele, the less they were able to comprehend it. Instead, they began to feel an oppressive sensation in their hearts, and a feeling of chaos in their heads. In fact, illusory sounds could be heard in their ears. That sort of sensation was simply going to drive them mad.

Seeing that the situation was bad, the crowd immediately retrieved their gazes and stopped their examination of the stele.

In fact, even the Liangqiu Sisters hurriedly freed themselves from the runes and symbols of that stele out of fear of having it affect their minds and causing them to do something detrimental.

When the two sisters retrieved their gazes, they subconsciously glanced at Chu Feng and Wuma Shengjie.

When they discovered that Wuma Shengjie and Chu Feng were both still staring at the stele, the Liangqiu Sisters revealed a trace of displeasure in their eyes.

Apart from Wuma Shengjie and Chu Feng, everyone else had retrieved their gazes from the stele.

This meant that Wuma Shengjie and Chu Feng’s tolerance surpassed the Liangqiu Sisters and everyone else’s.

The Liangqiu Sisters were unaffected by the fact that Chu Feng was capable of that. In fact, after they discovered that Chu Feng was Chu Xuanyuan’s son, they not only no longer considered him their rival, but they instead began to have a favorable impression of him.

Their favorable impression caused the two sisters to wish for Chu Feng to become even stronger.

However, Wuma Shengjie was a different case. In the eyes of the Liangqiu Sisters, Wuma Shengjie was a rival.

At the moment when the Liangqiu Sisters were feeling displeased, Wuma Shengjie also removed his gaze from the stele.

It was only after seeing this scene that the Liangqiu Sisters ceased to have that expression of displeasure in their eyes.

After all, this meant that whilst Wuma Shengjie’s tolerance was stronger than theirs, it was not much stronger.

At that moment, the crowd all turned their gazes to Chu Feng.

The reason for that was because he was the only person that was still persisting.

As to whether or not they would be able to decipher the contents of that stele, it would be all up to Chu Feng.