Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3312 - Overwhelming Killing Intent

Finally, Chu Feng retrieved his gaze from the stele.

However, after retrieving his eyes from the stele, Chu Feng reacted differently from the others.

When the others retrieved their gazes, they did so in a panicky manner. It was as if they would end up dying should they continue to look at the stele.

As for Chu Feng, he was extremely calm and at ease. Retrieving his gaze from the stele was akin to an ordinary action. There was nothing special about it at all. It was so very ordinary.

The difference between Chu Feng and the others was that the others were unable to continue, and had no choice but to retrieve their gazes, whereas Chu Feng had decided to retrieve his gaze of his own accord.

This made the crowd realize that Chu Feng had most likely seen through the mystery of the stele.

The Liangqiu Sisters stepped forth and asked, "Chu Feng, did you manage to determine anything?"

As for the others, they were also looking at Chu Feng with expressions of anticipation. They hoped that Chu Feng would give them some good news.

"This stele is the main formation that Senior Liangqiu talked about. Merely, this main formation has been sealed, and must be unsealed. Fortunately, we have a sufficient amount of people today. Otherwise, it would truly be difficult to unseal it," Chu Feng said.

"In that case, how are we to unseal it?" Liangqiu Hongyue asked.

"It’s simple," after saying that, Chu Feng released his spirit power and covered his palms with it. Then, he arrived before the stele and began to wave his palms over the stele as if he were writing something.

As Chu Feng’s palms moved about, the stele began to let out a faint light. The trajectory of the light followed the movement of Chu Feng’s palms.

Suddenly, a body of light was released from the stele. Then, that body of light formed a spirit formation entrance.

Chu Feng did not stop. Instead, he continued to move his palms across the stele, forming numerous more trajectories. The trajectories of his palm movements formed a picture, a picture that the crowd were unable to comprehend, yet possessed some sort of extraordinary beauty.

Not long afterward, another body of light was released from the stele and formed a second spirit formation entrance.

Following that, a third spirit formation entrance was formed.

After the third spirit formation entrance was formed, Chu Feng moved away from the stele. After Chu Feng retrieved his spirit power from the stele, the light emitting from the stele began to dissipate. Soon, the stele returned to how it was before.

However, the three spirit formation entrances were still present behind the stele.

"These three spirit formation entrances each contain a spirit formation array. Should the three spirit formation arrays be breached simultaneously, the stele will be unsealed. However... the difficulty of the three spirit formation arrays are all different. The one to the left is the hardest, whereas the one to the right is the easiest."

"Thus, we must operate separately. Two misses, you two will take the one in the middle. Everyone else, you all will take the one to the right. Wuma Shengjie and I will take the one to the left."

"Everyone, are there any objections?" Chu Feng asked the crowd.

"No objections, we shall do as you command," the crowd replied in unison.

After witnessing Chu Feng controlling the stele so effortlessly, the crowd became even more certain that Chu Feng had really seen through the stele. Otherwise, it should be impossible for him to gain such fluid control over it.

As such, the crowd had even greater faith in Chu Feng, and took his advice to heart.

They felt that only by listening to Chu Feng would they be able to successfully breach the spirit formation.

"I object," right at that moment, Liangqiu Hongyue suddenly spoke. She said, "Why must Wuma Shengjie be the one going with you? Why not us sisters?"

Her tone was quite unyielding. It appeared, that she felt very displeased for Chu Feng to have chosen Wuma Shengjie, and not her and her sister.

"Although the spirit formation inside the middle entrance is a bit weaker compared to the one on the left, it is only slightly weaker. Apart from you sisters, there is likely no one else who can shoulder this heavy responsibility."

"As for the one on the left, it requires at least the cooperation from two individuals. Actually, any one of you three can help me with it. Merely, when I take into consideration the difficulty of the middle entrance, I think this is the best arrangement," Chu Feng said.

"Oh, so that’s the case. That’s fine then," as Chu Feng had praised the Liangqiu Sisters as he explained the matter to them, not only did the expression of displeasure disappear from Liangqiu Hongyue’s face, but she even revealed a charming smile on that delicate face.

"Chu Feng, the spirit formation entrances seem to be closed," Liangqiu Lanyue said.

"Indeed, they are closed. That said, I am able to open them. However, I am only able to open them for a short period of time. Thus, you all must enter them first; I will be the last one to enter."

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he arrived before the stele again. Once again, he gathered his spirit power onto his palms. Merely, he did not begin to draw on the stele like he did before. Instead, he placed his palms directly onto the stele.

"Buzz~~~"

Spirit power began to pour into the stele, causing it to tremble. At that moment, dazzling light began to emit from both Chu Feng’s body and the stele. It appeared as if he and the stele had fused.

Soon, starting from the left, the three spirit formation entrances opened in succession.

"Everyone, you must all keep this in mind. After we enter the spirit formation entrances, the spirit formation entrances will close again. The three spirit formations must be undone at the same time in order to undo the seal and open the sealed spirit formation entrances. Otherwise... we will be trapped inside."

"As such, everyone, we must calculate the time to undo the spirit formations. We cannot be too slow, nor too early."

"Starting from now, we will simultaneously breach our respective spirit formations in one hour," Chu Feng said.

Once Chu Feng gave the order, the Liangqiu Sisters immediately stepped into the middle spirit formation entrance, whereas the others all entered the spirit formation entrance to the right.

At that moment, only Chu Feng and Wuma Shengjie remained.

With a smile, Chu Feng said to Wuma Shengjie, "Girl, it’s time for us to enter too."

Hearing Chu Feng’s words, Wuma Shengjie immediately started to frown. With a cold tone, she said, "Are you courting death?"

"It’s merely a joke, why get so angry?" Chu Feng said with a smile. However, after he smiled, the expression of anger on Wuma Shengjie’s face grew even stronger.

The reason for that was all because Chu Feng’s smile was simply too vile.

"After I retrieve my spirit power, the spirit formation entrance will shut immediately. Go in first; I will follow you," Chu Feng said.

Wuma Shengjie did not hesitate, and directly entered the spirit formation entrance.

Chu Feng hurriedly removed his palm from the stele. Then, like a flash of light, he rushed into the spirit formation entrance.

At practically the same moment that Chu Feng flew into the spirit formation entrance, the entrance closed.

After entering the spirit formation entrance, what appeared before Chu Feng was an isolated space. That isolated space was very large. However, it was sealed. Apart from the spirit formation entrance behind him, there was no other exit.

In the middle of this isolated space was a spirit formation.

That was the spirit formation that Chu Feng needed to solve.

"There is simply no need for two people to solve this spirit formation. Not to mention you, even I alone would be able to solve it," Wuma Shengjie said.

"I know," Chu Feng said.

"You know?" Wuma Shengjie looked to Chu Feng and asked, "You’ve deliberately deceived me and brought me here?"

"Actually, I feel that running away is not going to solve anything. Thus, it’s better that we properly talk over what happened back then."

"I truly did not know that you were a woman. Otherwise, I would definitely not have appeared before you. However, it remains that I was in the wrong. As such, I wanted to properly apologize to you. Please let that matter be the past. Is that fine with you?" 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"If you think that wouldn’t do, you can make a demand. As long as it’s reasonable, I will accept it," Chu Feng said.

"If you want me to forgive you, there would only be a single way. That is, let me personally kill you," after Wuma Shengjie finished saying those words, her clothes suddenly fluttered. At the same time, the entire surroundings turned bone-chillingly cold.

The reason for that was because Wuma Shengjie had unleashed overwhelming killing intent from within her body.