Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3313 - This Girl Is A Monster

At the same time as Wuma Shengjie unleashed her killing intent, her Heaven-level Lightning Mark also appeared on her forehead.

Furthermore, crimson patterns began to cover her body.

Seeing that scene, Chu Feng’s expression changed.

At that moment, Wuma Shengjie’s cultivation had reached rank seven Martial Immortal.

The Heaven-level Lightning Mark and the crimson patterns had both increased her cultivation by a level each.

Thus, Wuma Shengjie’s actual cultivation was that of a rank five Martial Immortal.

Back in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, her cultivation was only that of a rank four Martial Immortal.

It had not been long since Wuma Shengjie had left the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm. However, she had managed to increase her cultivation by an entire level.

Wuma Shengjie’s reputation as an exceptional genius was truly well justified.

However, even with that being the case, Chu Feng was not excessively flustered. As fellow rank five Martial Immortals, Chu Feng had more abilities than Wuma Shengjie.

Although he was not panicking in his heart, he revealed an expression of panic.

"Chu Feng, without the power of that Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm’s formation, I shall see how you’ll escape from me today."

Wuma Shengjie pointed a golden dagger at Chu Feng. That was no ordinary dagger. Instead, it was a top quality Immortal Armament.

Furthermore, Wuma Shengjie was still emitting very strong killing intent. A determined expression was flickering in her eyes.

She was not joking around. Instead, she was really planning to kill Chu Feng.

"Girl, what I did back then was not done on purpose. Even if I am at fault, it shouldn’t be enough for me to be punished with death, no?" Chu Feng asked.

"Originally, your crime was not enough for you to be punished with death. However, since you’ve seen what you shouldn’t have, you will have to die," after Wuma Shengjie finished saying those words, the surrounding air turned even colder. Wuma Shengjie was planning to attack.

Seeing that the situation was bad, Chu Feng shouted, "Wait!" Then, he said, "Wuma Shengjie, truth be told, I’ve learned some things that you all do not know from that stele."

"The spirit formation here is very difficult to solve. If you are to kill me, no one will be able to solve the main formation sealed within that stele."

"If we’re unable to solve our main formations at the same time as Senior Liangqiu solves his, everyone in this Ancient Era’s remnant will end up dying."

Hearing those words from Chu Feng, Wuma Shengjie, who was originally planning to attack and kill him, stopped her movements and looked at Chu Feng with an interested expression. She said, "You’re mistaken. Even if I am unable to solve the main formation, I can solve the formation here. As long as I solve the formation here, I’ll be able to leave this place."

"Even if you manage to leave, how are you to inform Senior Liangqiu and the others? Those of the younger generation are unable to enter the corridor that they’ve entered," Chu Feng said.

"Who said that I’ll inform them?" A smile emerged on Wuma Shengjie’s face as she said those words. That smile was a bit strange. It was as if she wanted those people to die.

"The majority of the people inside that corridor are your Wuma Heavenly Clansmen. If something is to happen, the ones that will suffer the most will be your Wuma Heavenly Clan."

"Furthermore, if Liangqiu Chengfeng, the Li Heavenly Clan and the other powers’ experts all end up perishing here, the powers behind them will definitely not be willing to leave the matter at that."

"At that time, the ones that will suffer will be your Wuma Heavenly Clan. Are you not afraid of that?" Chu Feng asked. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Afraid?"

"Haha..."

Hearing those words, Wuma Shengjie burst into loud laughter.

Seeing that, Chu Feng was certain that there was some sort of grudge between Wuma Shengjie and the Wuma Heavenly Clan.

As a member of the Wuma Heavenly Clan, Wuma Shengjie actually wished for the destruction of the Wuma Heavenly Clan!!!

Chu Feng sighed. "It would appear that there are some conflicts between you and the Wuma Heavenly Clan. Since I’m someone that will be dying soon, why don’t you tell me why you want them to die so that I can die an understanding death?" Chu Feng sat down on the ground as he said those words.

Seeing this, a cold smile rose on Wuma Shengjie’s face.

"Die an understanding death?"

"No!!!"

"I will have you die with grievances!"

Suddenly, Wuma Shengjie waved her arm, and a golden light shot toward Chu Feng.

It was Wuma Shengjie’s top quality Immortal Armament!!!

After shooting forth her Immortal Armament, Wuma Shengjie revealed a relieved expression of having obtained her revenge, and having a weight lifted off her mind.

The way she saw it, that strike would undoubtedly kill Chu Feng.

The entire matter, would end at that point.

She felt that she would be able to extirpate herself.

"Zzzzz~~~"

However, after that golden dagger approached Chu Feng, lightning suddenly covered Chu Feng’s body.

"That is?!" In the next moment, Wuma Shengjie’s expression changed enormously.

Chu Feng was standing where he was. Not only was he completely unharmed, but the dagger that she had shot toward Chu Feng was actually caught by Chu Feng with two fingers.

At that moment, not only had a Divine-level Lightning Mark appeared on Chu Feng’s forehead, but the Lightning Armor also appeared on his body.

Most importantly, the two great secret skills, the Ancient Era’s War Sword and Ancient Era’s War Axe, were revolving around Chu Feng like two guardian artifacts.

At that moment, not only did Chu Feng possess the same rank seven Martial Immortal-level cultivation as Wuma Shengjie, but he also had a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting a level of cultivation.

It was precisely because of Chu Feng’s heaven-defying battle power that Wuma Shengjie revealed such a desperate expression.

"You... your cultivation actually also reached rank five Martial Immortal?"

Wuma Shengjie’s voice was trembling slightly. It was not fear. Instead, it was surprise. Her astonishment had caused her entire body to tremble.

After all, when she had fought against Chu Feng in the Ancestral Martial Cultivation Realm, Chu Feng was only a rank two Martial Immortal. However... he had become a rank five Martial Immortal. This sort of progression speed was something that she had never seen before.

"That’s why, girl, I’m afraid that it’ll be impossible for you to kill me today."

"How about we have a proper talk and reconcile with one another? What say you?"

As Chu Feng spoke, he returned the golden dagger to Wuma Shengjie.

"Hehehe..."

After receiving the golden dagger, Wuma Shengjie suddenly let out a cold laugh.

Seeing this, Chu Feng started to frown. He discovered that Wuma Shengjie was not only letting out a cold laugh, but her gaze and facial expression were also extremely strange.

"Girl, what is wrong with you? Even if you are unable to kill me, there’s no need for you to be this shocked, no?" Chu Feng asked. The reason for that was because the current Wuma Shengjie caused Chu Feng to feel slightly uneasy.

Suddenly, Wuma Shengjie shouted loudly, "Today is a rare opportunity! No matter what, I will have you die here! Only with you dying here will they die!"

After she shouted, many crimson gaseous flames were released from her body.

At that moment, Wuma Shengjie’s entire body was covered by crimson patterns. Even her eyes had turned crimson.

Most shockingly, the crimson gaseous flames turned into two bat-like wings. Furthermore, those wings were so enormous that they both extended over a hundred meters.

After the wings appeared, Wuma Shengjie’s cultivation actually increased again to rank eight Martial Immortal.

Furthermore, accompanying the appearance of the wings and the increase in her cultivation was an aura that caused even Chu Feng to feel uneasy.

That aura seemed to have come from hell. Very rarely had Chu Feng felt such an aura from humans.

"Could it be that this girl is a monster?"

Unease filled Chu Feng’s eyes as he looked at Wuma Shengjie before him.

At that moment, Chu Feng’s calm and unflustered expression was no longer present. The reason for that was because he was not certain as to whether or not he would be able to defeat the current Wuma Shengjie.

He felt that he was not facing an ordinary martial cultivator, as Wuma Shengjie’s entire body was covered with an evil aura and killing intent. How could a monster like that possibly be a human?