Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3315 - God-cloak Sealing Formation

Earlier, Chu Feng was worried that the mysterious place recorded in the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram was the Ancient Era’s remnant.

After all, if that were the case, since the place was already discovered by the Wuma Heavenly Clan and they’d requested the assistance of various powers’ experts, even if Chu Feng gained the quota and was able to obtain the treasures there, he would not be able to obtain much.

Fortunately, the mysterious place recorded on the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram had revealed itself. Although it was in the vicinity, it was not the Ancient Era’s remnant.

The mysterious place recorded in the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram was located underneath the Ancient Era’s remnant. As for it’s entrance, it was even simpler. The reason for that was because the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram itself was the entrance.

Although the mysterious place was located underneath the Ancient Era’s remnant, the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram just had to open that location. As such, Chu Feng could not be certain if the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram was related to the Ancient Era’s remnant.

If they were related, it might be a very rare opportunity. If he were to miss the opportunity, it might not come again.

However, not only were the Liangqiu Sisters outside, but the people of the younger generation from the various other powers and the Wuma Heavenly Clan were also present outside. As such, Chu Feng simply did not have much of an opportunity to activate the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram.

The Present situation, might be the only opportunity that he had. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, his spirit formation would not be able to stop the Liangqiu Sisters for long. Unless... someone remained there to maintain the activation of the spirit formation. As for Wuma Shengjie, she was an exceptional candidate.

At that moment, Wuma Shengjie urged Chu Feng, "How do you want me to return you the favor? Go ahead and tell me."

"Help me maintain the activation of this spirit formation, and do not allow any of them in here. I have something that I must do," Chu Feng said.

"That’s all you want me to help you with?" Wuma Shengjie asked with a dubious tone.

"That’s right," Chu Feng said.

"You’re certain?" Wuma Shengjie asked.

"Certain," Chu Feng replied with a faint smile.

Wuma Shengjie did not say anything more. Instead, she directly walked over to the spirit formation Chu Feng had set up and began to pour her spirit power into it to maintain it.

"Girl, do not peek at me," Chu Feng said.

"You don’t have to worry about that. I have no interest in you," Wuma Shengjie did not even bother to turn around when she said those words.

Seeing that, Chu Feng smiled. Then, he set up a spirit formation that covered himself.

Although Chu Feng felt that Wuma Shengjie was someone who would keep her promise, he would not place too much confidence in someone who had wanted to kill him not long ago.

As such, he would naturally not expose all of his secrets to her.

The spirit formation Chu Feng set up was capable of sealing him. Even if Wuma Shengjie were to turn around to peek at him, she would not be able to see him with that spirit formation present, much less see the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram.

After he finished setting up the spirit formation, Chu Feng opened the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram.

The Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram shone brightly with flickering light. It seemed as if an entire world was hidden within it. Chu Feng released his palm, and the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram actually started to automatically float in midair.

The light was being emitted from the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram. Soon, a gate of light appeared.

Suddenly, Chu Feng’s body shifted. He had leapt into that gate of light.

After passing through the gate of light, Chu Feng was unable to see anything. The surroundings were completely pitch-black. Chu Feng could only feel his body falling rapidly.

That said, that sort of sensation did not last for too long. Suddenly, Chu Feng’s legs landed on the ground. He discovered that he was in a cave.

Chu Feng raised his head and looked around. He discovered that there was a gate of light that resembled the one emitted by the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram above him. Seeing that, Chu Feng felt relieved.

That was the path for him to return. If that gate of light weren’t there, it would likely be very difficult for Chu Feng to return.

After feeling relieved, Chu Feng began to carefully examine the cave.

That cave was sealed. Apart from the gate of light above, there was no other exit.

The cave was very simple and crude. The surrounding walls were actually all made of mud and clay. It was not decorated at all. It seemed like the kind of cave that someone would randomly dig up.

At that moment, the cave formed a clear-cut contrast with the Ancient Era’s remnant.

If that Ancient Era’s remnant was the habitation of a monarch, then the cave would be the dwelling of a beast.

"This is the mysterious place recorded in the Spirit Beast Mysterious Treasure Diagram? You’re joking with me, right?"

Chu Feng felt very helpless and disappointed. His sense of defeat was enough to raise his hackles. He was unable to feel a single trace of natural energy there. Rather than saying that it was a mysterious place for cultivation, it was inferior to even outside.

"Mysterious place? This place seems to be nowhere near that."

"Could it be that there’s something profound with this egg?"

Chu Feng was not discouraged. Instead, he cast his gaze to the surface located at the center of the cave.

The reason for that was because there was an egg there.

That egg was over twice the size of an ostrich egg.

The egg was light golden, and had a very sleek exterior. However, apart from that, there was nothing special about the egg. It simply looked like some sort of bird egg.

However, strangely, Chu Feng was actually unable to see through such a simple-looking egg with his Heaven’s Eyes.

"This egg is rather extraordinary."

Chu Feng arrived before the egg. He planned to pick it up and examine it in detail.

"Boom~~~"

However, right after Chu Feng’s hand touched the egg, the cave started to tremble violently. The trembling was so intense that even someone of Chu Feng’s cultivation was unable to stand firm. After moving back several steps, Chu Feng fell on his butt with a ’putt.’

"This is?"

At that moment, Chu Feng was surprised to discover that light was shining from the walls of the cave. Upon closer inspection, those were actually spirit formation patterns. Like an enormous net, the spirit formation patterns sealed off the egg.

"A grand sealing formation?"

Chu Feng soon concluded that it was a grand sealing formation. However, upon concluding that, he started to panic.

The reason for that was because that grand sealing formation was simply too powerful. Its sealing power was something that Chu Feng had never experienced before. According to his guess, the person who set up that grand sealing formation might be a world spiritist above Saint-cloak.

Above Saint-cloak would be the legendary God-cloak.

If this was truly a grand sealing formation set up by a God-cloak World Spiritist, what sort of existence would the item that world spiritist sealed be?

"Oh no!"

Suddenly, Chu Feng’s expression changed enormously. Panic appeared in his eyes.

Chu Feng discovered that the overwhelmingly powerful grand sealing formation was actually dissipating. Although he did not know why, it was indeed dissipating. Furthermore, it was dissipating very quickly.

"Damn it, could it be that I’ve released some sort of monster?"

Seeing that the situation was bad, Chu Feng immediately got up and set off to escape.

An existence sealed by such a powerful formation was most definitely not something that he could contend against.

"No, this sensation..?"

However, after Chu Feng flew to the top of the cave, right when he was about to enter the gate of light, Chu Feng suddenly stopped.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng suddenly felt an extremely dense amount of natural energies filling the entire cave.

This burst of natural energies was extremely comfortable. To martial cultivators, it possessed a fatal enticement.

Chu Feng turned around to look, and discovered that the sealing formation had been completely released. As for the egg, it was shining brightly with golden light. Like a treasure, it was so gorgeous and dazzling.

As for the dense natural energies, they were being emitted by that egg.