Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3317 - Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation

"Chu Feng, could it be that the stele has already been unsealed?" Liangqiu Hongyue asked.

"Indeed, it has already been unsealed. Merely, a special sort of formation is needed to release it. That said, everyone need not worry. As long as we work as one, it will not be hard to release it."

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he immediately began to set up the formation. The crowd also began to cooperate with him.

Everything went very smoothly. Under Chu Feng’s control, the stele was completely solved at the previously agreed-upon time with Liangqiu Chengfeng.

With that, the stele completely shattered, and turned into an enormous spirit formation gate that floated before the crowd.

"Success! We’ve succeeded!"

"Chu Feng, it’s all thanks to you that we’ve managed to successfully solve this stele, this main formation. We will now be able to obtain the treasures in this Ancient Era’s remnant."

"Exactly what sort of treasures will be contained in such a complicated Ancient Era’s remnant? I am truly looking forward to it."

As they saw the spirit formation gate before them, the people of the younger generation were all looking at Chu Feng with expressions of admiration.

Not only were they admiring Chu Feng, they also felt extremely grateful toward him. The reason for that was because they knew very well that they would not have been able to successfully solve the main formation had it not been for him.

Not to mention solving the main formation, the sealed stele would’ve likely been enough to baffle them completely.

"Everyone, don’t be joyful too quickly. It’s not certain that we will definitely be able to obtain treasures just because we’ve opened this spirit formation gate."

"That spirit formation gate is merely the entrance to the treasures. There are still obstructions en route. Everyone, you all must be careful upon entering it," Chu Feng said.

"Ah?" Hearing those words, the crowd’s cheerful expressions immediately sank.

"Chu Feng, in that case, what should we do?" The crowd that were originally immersed in joy and were all impatient to enter the spirit formation gate all calmed down. They all turned their eyes to Chu Feng.

"I will lead the way. Everyone, follow me," he said.

"Okay," The crowd replied in unison.

The reason why they did not rashly enter the spirit formation gate was because they were precisely waiting for Chu Feng to lead them.

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he stepped into the spirit formation gate.

Even though he had clearly entered the spirit formation gate, the crowd were still able to faintly see his back. Chu Feng... had not managed to successfully enter the spirit formation gate.

"What’s going on?" The crowd turned their gazes to the Liangqiu Sisters.

"That spirit formation gate is quite strange. Likely, it’s even more remarkable than we anticipated."

"However, Chu Feng should’ve anticipated it already. Likely, he’s eliminating the obstructions in that spirit formation gate for us," The Liangqiu Sisters said.

"There’s such a thing? It’s truly fortunate that we have brother Chu Feng with us," At that moment, the crowd were all gasping in admiration.

Hearing the crowd’s gasps of admiration, Chu Feng felt a bit embarrassed.

Indeed, Chu Feng had stopped in the middle of the spirit formation gate to do one thing.

He was searching for an item. However, that item was not an obstruction. Instead, it was a key.

Perhaps others might not be able to understand, but Chu Feng had managed to decipher some things earlier whilst solving the main formation.

There were two main aspects to it.

Firstly, the final treasure deposit was still protected by a spirit formation. They needed two keys in order to open it. Otherwise... even a Saint-cloak World Spiritist would not be able to do anything.

Chu Feng guessed that a key would be in either one of the two main formations.

The reason why he thought that was because the main formation was very strange to begin with. Not only did it appear strange, it was also actually strange. Otherwise, it would be impossible for Chu Feng to be able to be inside, but not be sucked into it.

Secondly, apart from the final treasure was another item. It was a sort of flying insect. That flying insect contained enormous amounts of natural energies. To cultivators at the Martial Immortal realm and above, they would pose enormous assistance.

As for the flying insects, they were located outside the treasure’s protective formation. In other words, the person who reached the location of the treasure first would be able to obtain those flying insects.

Ignoring the treasures sealed inside the Ancient Era’s remnant, those flying insects were a treasure in and of themselves.

Of course, it was possible that there was other information contained in the stele, in the main formation.

Unfortunately, as Chu Feng’s cultivation was limited, he was only able to gain information regarding those two things, and had not discovered anything else. Perhaps Liangqiu Chengfeng would be able to discover more.

"This is the key?"

At that moment, Chu Feng caught an item in his hand. It was actually a piece of rock. Chu Feng was unable to sense any power from the rock, nor was he able to sense anything particular regarding the rock.

However, apart from the rock, Chu Feng was unable to find anything else.

’There shouldn’t be a reason to seal a rock within this spirit formation gate. It is most likely going to be useful,’ Chu Feng thought to himself. Then, he put the rock away.

"Chu Feng, how was it? Did you encounter an obstacle?" Liangqiu Hongyue asked.

"It’s fine, I’ve already cleared the way. Everyone can follow me in now," As Chu Feng spoke, he took a step forward and disappeared into the spirit formation gate.

The crowd also began to follow him in one by one.

Sure enough, after they passed through the spirit formation gate, they did not directly reach the place where the treasures were hidden.

Instead, they found themselves inside a cave. Before them were twenty-three different paths.

At the entrance of each of the twenty-three paths was an enormous dragon head. The dragon heads’ mouths were wide open, and their teeth were fully exposed.

Those wide-open mouths were the entrances.

"Chu Feng, which path do we take?"

Practically simultaneously, the crowd turned their eyes to Chu Feng.

It was as he said, those treasures were not that easy to obtain. Thus, they became more confident in Chu Feng.

"This... seems to be rather complicated," Chu Feng revealed a slight frown.

Seeing his expression, the crowd all began to ask him, "Chu Feng, is this very difficult to handle?"

Before Chu Feng could answer, Liangqiu Lanyue said, "Of course it is. This formation is called the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation."

"Entering them would be akin to entering a maze. There are a great deal of choices for one to make. It could be said to be a formation with nine deaths and one life for every choice."

"Without a precise method as to how to solve this formation, a world spiritist would have to rely completely on his or her intuition. Otherwise... a single misstep could lead to great danger."

"It’s actually such a dangerous formation?" The crowd revealed panicked expressions upon hearing Liangqiu Lanyue’s explanation.

"Young lady, how did you learn about this formation?" Chu Feng asked.

"I’ve seen the introduction of this spirit formation from my master’s Spirit Formation Canon."

"Regarding this formation, whilst there was no method to solve it listed on the Spirit Formation Canon, there was information regarding people who had managed to solve it. Merely... the methods that those people used were completely different from one another. However, I feel that it might be of some assistance to you."

As Liangqiu Lanyue spoke, she took out a scroll from her Cosmos Sack and handed it to Chu Feng.

Chu Feng opened the scroll, and discovered that the entrance of the spirit formation that was drawn on the scroll was exactly the same as the spirit formation that they’d encountered.

Furthermore, the scroll recorded the insights and methods of several people that had managed to breach the formation. However, like Liangqiu Lanyue said, their methods were completely different, and the paths that they chose to take never overlapped.

"Thanks," After carefully reading the scroll, Chu Feng returned the scroll to Liangqiu Lanyue.

"No problem, I hope that it will be able to enlighten you," Liangqiu Lanyue said. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"It has enlightened me greatly," Chu Feng said.

"Chu Feng, did you discover something?" Liangqiu Hongyue asked.

Even though Liangqiu Hongyue had also carefully read and even studied the information contained on the scroll before, she was still completely baffled when encountering the actual Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation, and had no clue as to how to breach it.

Thus, she very much wanted to know what sort of enlightenment Chu Feng gained from studying the scroll.

"The contents of the scroll have allowed me to realize with even greater certainty how dangerous this Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation is," Chu Feng said.

"What?"

The crowd’s expressions all changed upon hearing those words.

Realize with even greater certainty how dangerous this spirit formation was?

How come that didn’t sound like good news at all?