Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3318 - Eliminating Future Worries

Although what Chu Feng said caused the crowd to feel even more uneasy, they had no choice but to follow him. After all, if even he was unable to exit the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation, no one else among them would be capable of doing so.

As for Chu Feng, he did not bother with superfluous words in attempting to explain his plan to the crowd.

The reason for that was because it was as Liangqiu Lanyue had said, getting through the maze would require one’s intuition. To be exact, the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation was ever-changing and unpredictable. Furthermore, its changes did not follow any pattern. If one wanted to pass through it, one would have to rely on one’s own abilities as a world spiritist.

This was most definitely related to the strength of one’s world spirit techniques. However, the strength of one’s world spirit techniques was not the most important aspect in solving formations. What was most important would be the judgement of the world spiritist.

Entering the first path, Chu Feng had only walked for a short while before he encountered a fork. He chose to take the path to the left. However, right after he took the path to the left, he was faced with another choice.

That said, the forks were not as simple as having only two choices. Instead, they each had some hints that a world spiritist would have to distinguish, examine and make a judgement upon.

However, because Chu Feng was focused on making a judgement as to which path to take, it made it so that he was very slow in making his choice, very slow in solving the formation.

That said, it was actually not only Chu Feng and the others that were faced with the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation.

Liangqiu Chengfeng and the other grand characters of the older generation were also met with the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation.

However, it remained that Liangqiu Chengfeng was a Saint-cloak World Spiritist. Furthermore, the people assisting him were also very powerful existences in their own right. As such, they traveled through the spirit formation at a very fast pace.

Whilst Chu Feng and the others were still cautiously solving their Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation, the experts of the older generation, under Liangqiu Chengfeng’s leadership, had entered the depths of the Ancient Era’s remnant.

However, Liangqiu Chengfeng was actually carried out from the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation by the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief using a special spirit formation.

At that moment, Liangqiu Chengfeng had a pale complexion. Layer upon layer of spirit power had enveloped his body. That spirit power resembled toxic gas, and was infiltrating his body and bringing an expression of pain upon his face.

That said, even with that being the case, Liangqiu Chengfeng was still observing his surroundings with a serious expression. In the end, his gaze was fixed on a spirit formation located deep within the palace hall.

That spirit formation emerged from the ground and connected to the roof of the palace hall.

Furthermore, it was completely transparent like glass. If one did not look closely, one would simply not be able to see its. That said, one could sense that it was a very powerful spirit formation.

Surrounding that spirit formation were eight steles. Carved on each stele was a dragon. The eight dragons were completely different from one another.

However, what caught the crowd’s eyes were not those dragons. Instead, it was what was inside the spirit formation.

There was an item inside the spirit formation. That item was floating in midair, and drifting up and down.

The item was the size of a watermelon. It had a dark-green color, and light was circulating through its body. One could tell that it was extraordinary from a single glance.

Most importantly, that item was actually moving about nonstop. It was as if it were alive.

Looking at that item, Liangqiu Chengfeng spoke with a weak voice. "It would appear that it is the treasure of this place."

"Lord Liangqiu, exactly what is that?" Someone asked.

"I do not know what it is either. However, one thing is certain: the item inside that spirit formation is not the only treasure here."

"Those things on the walls are also treasures," Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

The people that had entered the palace hall were immediately captured by the item inside the spirit formation. It was only after hearing what Liangqiu Chengfeng said that the crowd noticed that the walls of the palace hall were shining with blue light akin to that of fireflies.

"Those are the treasures?" Someone asked curiously as he extended his hand to grab one such light.

"Clamor~~~"

Suddenly, the blue bodies of light all came loose from the walls. Like a massive group of bugs that had lost control, they began to fly about at random in that palace hall.

At that moment, a very dense amount of natural energy was emitted from those blue bodies of light. Everyone present was able to clearly sense those natural energies.

"Those are cultivation treasures, cultivation treasures!"

Upon finding out that those bodies of light actually contained such natural energies, the crowd all began to use their various abilities to capture those flying insects. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In merely the blink of an eye, all of the flying insects were captured by the crowd.

Practically everyone managed to capture those flying insects. The only difference was the amount of flying insects they’d captured.

"Lord Liangqiu, are you alright?!"

At the moment when the crowd were basking in joy, a voice of panic sounded from the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Looking toward the voice, the crowd discovered that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief were both before Liangqiu Chengfeng.

Liangqiu Chengfeng had been placed on the ground. However, at that moment, his eyes were closed.

"This is bad, it seems that Lord Liangqiu’s injury is even worse than we imagined."

At that moment, the crowd all arrived before Liangqiu Chengfeng. They were not merely surrounding him, they were also using their respective techniques to examine and provide treatment to his injury.

They all knew very well what had happened in the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation. Due to the Li Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elder Li Taiyi’s carelessness in touching a trap, countless ferocious spirit formation beasts descended from the sky and began to pounce at the crowd to bite and tear them apart.

It was Liangqiu Chengfeng who managed to block those ferocious beasts all by himself.

Because of that, the crowd were completely unscathed, but Liangqiu Chengfeng ended up being seriously injured.

His injury was very strange. He was actually unable to treat his injury, and could only alleviate its pain.

He seemed to have already anticipated that he would not be able to persist. Thus, he did not continue to treat his injury, and instead began to guide the crowd after bringing some alleviation to his injury.

The reason for that was because he knew very well that if he failed to persist despite his injury, everyone else... would likely be trapped in the Twenty-three Dragon Caves Formation.

Unfortunately, the path there was not an easy one. Liangqiu Chengfeng was so weak that he could not even walk on his own. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been carried by the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief using spirit formations.

Finally he had managed to successfully guide the crowd to their current location. However, he himself was unable to persist anymore.

The crowd was naturally worried for Liangqiu Chengfeng. After all, had it not been for him, they would simply not be able to stand here.

Unfortunately, even though the crowd were using their various techniques, none of them were able to wake Liangqiu Chengfeng.

His injuries were simply too serious.

A stream of spirit power was lingering around him and permeating into his body like toxic gas.

However, the crowd were simply unable to disperse that spirit power from Liangqiu Chengfeng’s body. They could only look on helplessly as that toxic gas continued to engulf him.

"Bang~~~"

Suddenly, a muffled bang was heard. Following that, a figure was shot flying from the crowd.

"This is?"

Looking over, the crowd discovered that the figure that was knocked flying was the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

At that moment, there was a hole in the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s chest. His body was shivering. A single strike had injured his soul and turned him into someone who appeared to be on the verge of dying.

"Li Taiyi, what are you doing?!"

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief turned his gaze to the Li Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elder Li Taiyi.

The reason for that was because the person who had suddenly attacked and seriously injured the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Chief was none other than the Li Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elder Li Taiyi.

"Everyone, there’s no need to make a fuss about nothing," Faced with the crowd’s confused and slightly angry gazes, Li Taiyi spoke in a disapproving manner. He revealed a smile on his face and said indifferently, "I am merely eliminating future worries."