Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3319 - The Furious Chu Feng

"Eliminate future worries?"

"Li Taiyi, what do you mean by that?" Someone asked.

"With the opening of the Upper Realm Gate, two worlds would join into one. Our Li Heavenly Clan and the Chu Heavenly Clan are destined to battle. If I don’t eliminate him today, when should I wait till?": Li Taiyi said coldly.

"This...."

At that moment, the crowd that were originally planning to dissuade Li Taiyi all turned quiet. It wasn’t that they didn’t want to dissuade him, it was just that after they found out about the motive behind his attack, they knew that it would be impossible for them to dissuade him.

To Li Taiyi, perhaps the treasures of the remnant would not be as important as killing the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

After all, as long as the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief died, the Chu Heavenly Clan would become a group of dragons with no leader. None of them would be able to contend against their Li Heavenly Clan. With that, the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm would be within their grasp.

However, someone still spoke out against him. The person who spoke was the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

"Brother Li, Brother Chu is my close friend of many years. Even if you two are going to war in the future, can you give this old man this face in our Wuma Heavenly Clan’s territory?" As the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief spoke, he arrived before the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and shielded him.

At that moment, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief revealed a faint smile on his face.

As the saying went, one will realize one’s true friends in times of crisis. Although the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was normally an extremely stingy and harsh individual, he was willing to stand out at that moment. This showed how much he valued loyalty and righteousness.

"Brother Wuma, it’s not that I don’t wish to give you face. However, opportunity knocks but once. Since he’s already before me, how could I possibly let him go?" Li Taiyi spoke with a cold smile. He was not planning to give the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief face.

"Brother Li, if you insist on attacking, our Wuma Heavenly Clan will definitely not ignore this matter," the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"Brother Wuma, it’s not that I look down on you. However, you should ask yourself this. Even if you want to protect him, do you possess the ability to protect him?"

As Li Taiyi spoke, a boundless aura was released from his body.

Rank six Exalted. Li Taiyi... was actually a rank six Exalted.

As for the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, they were both only rank five Exalted.

Indeed, the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief would not be able to stop Li Taiyi.

"Humph," however, faced with Li Taiyi’s arrogance, the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief actually let out a cold snort. Then, he looked to the crowd and said, "Everyone, for us to be able to come here, Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng’s contributions cannot go unnoticed. However, had it not been for young friend Chu Feng solving the other main formation, not even Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng would be able to bring us here."

"And now, for the sake of his own selfish interests, Li Taiyi has attacked the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. I ask of you all, do you think this is right? If Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng weren’t unconscious due to his injury, would he have allowed Li Taiyi to do this sort of thing?"

"This..."

At that moment, the crowd began to ponder.

They were all able to tell that Liangqiu Chengfeng was extremely fond of Chu Feng. If he wasn’t currently unconscious, he would definitely not permit Li Taiyi to attack the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

"Elder Li, it remains that we are all allies right now. Why don’t you settle matters between you and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief at a later time?"

"That’s right. Now that Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng is seriously injured, we should be more united. How could we possibly have internal strife at a time like this?"

At that moment, many people began to dissuade Li Taiyi.

"I will speak frankly. If anyone of you plans to stop me, don’t blame me for becoming impolite with you," Li Taiyi spoke coldly.

After he finished saying those words, oppressive might was released from his body. Everyone present was able to feel that terrifying pressure.

At that moment, the people that were dissuading Li Taiyi all closed their mouths.

Li Taiyi was famous for his ruthlessness. He was not joking around with them. Instead, he would really do that sort of thing. No one was willing to brave such risks for the sake of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

"Li Taiyi, if this old man plans to stop you, what do you think about that?"

Right at that moment, a grey-haired old man walked out from the crowd and stood before both the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Seeing that person, the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and the others present all revealed joyous looks.

The reason for that was because that old man was Song Boqiu. He did not belong to any power, and acted alone. However, he was extremely powerful.

Likely, among all the people present, apart from Liangqiu Chengfeng, he would be the only person that was capable of stopping Li Taiyi.

Seeing Song Boqiu coming forth, Li Taiyi revealed a faint frown. Then, he revealed killing intent in his eyes and said, "Song Boqiu, this matter is unrelated with you. I’d urge you to not interfere so as to not stir up trouble for yourself."

"Haha. This old man has traveled about the Ancestral Martial Starfield for so many years; what I fear the least is stirring up trouble for myself," Song Boqiu burst into wild laughter. Then, his clothes fluttered, and boundless oppressive might was released from his body.

At that moment, not to mention the others, even Li Taiyi revealed a change in expression.

The aura emitted by Song Boqiu was actually many times denser than the aura emitted by Li Taiyi. That Song Boqiu had actually managed to reach rank seven Exalted.

"Li Taiyi, are you still planning to stir up trouble for this old man?" Song Boqiu asked with a ridiculing tone.

At that moment, Li Taiyi’s complexion turned ashen. In the end, he waved his sleeve, let out a cold snort and spoke no more. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Li Taiyi was feeling extremely pissed. He had thought that he would be able to directly eliminate the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief there. Never did he expect that Song Boqiu would interfere. That Song Boqiu clearly possessed absolutely no friendship with the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. Furthermore, he had always been a cold and detached individual that would never meddle in other people’s business. He was renowned for being someone who would refuse to help even those that were about to die.

Yet, he actually chose to help the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. This came as an enormous miscalculation to Li Taiyi.

That said, what he had miscalculated the most was the fact that Song Boqiu’s cultivation was actually above his own.

"Buzz~~~"

Right at that moment, a spirit formation gate suddenly opened from another direction in the palace hall.

Following that, Chu Feng and the other people of the younger generation began to fly out from that spirit formation gate in succession.

"Senior?"

Upon entering the palace hall and discovering the seriously injured Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, Chu Feng immediately rushed over to his side.

"Chu Feng, I’m fine," the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief smiled a weak smile. Even though the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief had treated his physical injuries, his injuries had reached his soul, and not even Chu Feng was able to help him. Only through time would he be nursed back to health.

"Senior, who injured you?"

"Is it that Li Taiyi?" After saying those words, Chu Feng turned his gaze toward Li Taiyi.

Chu Feng was able to tell with a single glance that the injury to the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was man-made. Furthermore, his injury seemed to be very fresh. Likely, he was attacked by someone present there. As for Chu Feng, he was unable to think of anyone apart from Li Taiyi who would attack the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

"It is me. What can you do about it?" Li Taiyi smiled mockingly. The gaze with which he looked to Chu Feng was filled with disdain.

Even though Song Boqiu was stronger than him, Li Taiyi firmly believed that he would not attempt to kill him.

Apart from Song Boqiu, there was no one else that could match him. As for Chu Feng... it would be impossible for him to do anything to him.

At that moment, Chu Feng narrowed his brows. The anger in his eyes soared. Overwhelming killing intent began to leak out from his body uncontrollably.

However, there was truly nothing he could do. After all... his opponent was an existence not even the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief could match. As such, what could he possibly do?

Seeing Chu Feng like that, the mocking sneer on Li Taiyi’s face grew even stronger.

"Chu Feng, quickly come over here. My senior brother is injured."

Right at that moment, the Liangqiu Sisters called out for Chu Feng at the same time.

It was only after hearing their cries that Chu Feng noticed that Liangqiu Chengfeng was actually also injured.

Chu Feng hurriedly arrived before Liangqiu Chengfeng and began to diagnose his injury.

At the beginning, Chu Feng was also worried.

Although the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s soul was injured, he would be able to make a complete recovery should he be given time.

However, Liangqiu Chengfeng’s injury was not simple at all. That spirit power was akin to a poison eroding his body. If that poison wasn’t taken care of, it might become a fatal danger.

However, Chu Feng soon relaxed. He had discovered the method to treat Liangqiu Chengfeng’s injury.

At the same time, an expression of ruthlessness flashed through his eyes.

Chu Feng did not immediately treat Liangqiu Chengfeng’s injury. Instead, he stood up, examined his surroundings, and then asked the crowd, "Everyone, do you all wish to obtain that treasure?"

The treasure that Chu Feng spoke of was the treasure that was sealed in the spirit formation.

"Young friend Chu Feng, are you able to unseal that spirit formation and retrieve that treasure?" The crowd asked in unison.

"I don’t possess the means to do so. However, I do possess the means to dispel the spirit formation that is eroding senior Liangqiu Chengfeng. Once I wake him up, he will definitely have the means to retrieve that treasure," Chu Feng said.

"Chu Feng, since you’re capable of it, why don’t you quickly save my senior brother?" Liangqiu Hongyue asked impatiently.

However, Chu Feng ignored Liangqiu Hongyue. Instead, he said to the crowd, "Kill him, and I will treat Liangqiu Chengfeng. Otherwise... all of you can forget about obtaining that treasure."

At that moment, the crowd’s expressions all changed. None of them had anticipated that Chu Feng would threaten with treating Liangqiu Chengfeng’s injury, and demand that they kill Li Taiyi for him.

"Hahaha," suddenly, a burst of laughter was heard. It was Li Taiyi.

Li Taiyi’s laughter was very frantic. His laughter was filled with mockery. He laughed for a very long time before finally looking at Chu Feng. With a ridiculing tone, he said, "Chu Feng, you’re truly too naive. Who did you think I, Li Taiyi, am? What sort of power did you think our Li Heavenly Clan to be?"

"Did you really think that there are people present that would be willing to go against our Li Heavenly Clan for you and that treasure?"

"Wuuahh~~~"

However, right after Li Taiyi’s words left his mouth, his expression suddenly changed. At the same time, he was knocked flying away, and crashed ruthlessly into a stone wall.

When he landed, he was completely bloodied and mutilated. His body was nearly destroyed, and his soul was also injured.

Someone really ended up attacking him!!!