Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3320 - Two Conditions

"Song Boqiu, you actually dare to attack me?!"

Although seriously injured, Li Taiyi still let out an incomparably furious snarl.

The reason for that was because the person that had attacked him was none other than Song Boqiu.

That said, Song Boqiu paid absolutely no attention to the furious Li Taiyi. Instead, he turned his eyes toward Chu Feng.

"Young friend Chu Feng, this old man will give you a word of advice. If you want people to kill Li Taiyi for you, you’re simply being delusional."

"The reason for that is because no one present is willing to do that sort of thing. Not even Liangqiu Chengfeng will kill a Li Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elder for you."

"In the end, this is a grudge between your Chu Heavenly Clan and their Li Heavenly Clan."

"Today, this old man has attacked Li Taiyi and seriously injured him. His injury is much more serious than that of your clan chief. As such, you could say that I’ve avenged your clan chief."

"However, I did not do that for you. Instead, I did it for Liangqiu Chengfeng."

"Today, this old man has given you sufficient face."

"Thus, let us settle this matter like this. If you all wish to settle your debt with one another in the future, you can do so on your own after leaving this place. Right now, what’s important is treating Liangqiu Chengfeng."

Song Boqiu’s words could be said to be filled with compassion, duty, propriety and integrity. However, his attitude was filled with arrogance. He did not place Chu Feng in his eyes at all.

Actually, everyone knew that Song Boqiu wouldn’t possibly attack Li Taiyi for Chu Feng’s sake.

By the same accord, based on Song Boqiu’s personality, he wouldn’t possibly attack Li Taiyi for the sake of Liangqiu Chengfeng’s treatment.

The reason why he had attacked Li Taiyi was very simple. He wanted the treasure within the spirit formation, and did not wish to have journeyed in vain.

Chu Feng understood Song Boqiu’s intention. Thus, he was not at all grateful at him attacking Li Taiyi. Instead, he smiled lightly and said, "Senior, actually, even if you didn’t do anything, I wouldn’t possibly ignore senior Liangqiu Chengfeng."

"You mean to say that this old man’s actions were merely superfluent?" At that moment, Song Boqiu narrowed his brows. Evidently, he was displeased by what Chu Feng had said.

Chu Feng did not bother to pay attention to Song Boqiu. Instead, he bent his knee and began to set up a spirit formation to treat Liangqiu Chengfeng’s injury.

Chu Feng was very earnest. He went practically all-out in his treatment, and was consuming his spirit power with no hesitation.

Chu Feng knew very well that, in a place like that, there was only a single person that could actually help him. As for that person, it was Liangqiu Chengfeng.

As such, Chu Feng must wake him up.

Besides, Liangqiu Chengfeng had truly treated him quite well. Even if he did not take any other factors into consideration, Chu Feng would still spare no effort in treating Liangqiu Chengfeng’s injury.

Fortunately, Chu Feng’s spirit formation was indeed effective. After six hours passed, Chu Feng really managed to disperse the strange spirit formation that had entangled Liangqiu Chengfeng.

After another hour passed, the unconscious Liangqiu Chengfeng also woke up.

That said, even though Liangqiu Chengfeng had woken up, he was still in extremely weak health.

"Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng, what should we do now?"

"Lord Liangqiu Chengfeng, regarding that spirit formation... how are we to breach it?"

The crowd present did not pay any attention to Liangqiu Chengfeng’s health at all. Upon seeing that he had woken up, they immediately swarmed him in the hopes that he would be able to provide them with the method to handle that spirit formation so that they could obtain the treasure within.

The reason why they were acting like that was because they’d already attempted countless methods to breach the spirit formation protecting the treasure whilst Chu Feng was treating Liangqiu Chengfeng. Unfortunately, all of their attempts ended up being useless.

As such, they could only place all of their hopes onto Liangqiu Chengfeng.

"Young friend Chu Feng, come here," Liangqiu Chengfeng did not bother with the crowd. Instead, he waved his hand at Chu Feng weakly. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Chu Feng arrived before Liangqiu Chengfeng and crouched down.

Liangqiu Chengfeng first told Chu Feng some things through voice transmission. Then, he took out a Cosmos Sack and handed it to him.

Liangqiu Chengfeng’s voice transmission informed Chu Feng of the method to break that formation. The contents of the Cosmos Sack were crucial to breaching it.

Upon receiving the Cosmos Sack, Chu Feng’s expression changed. Even without opening it, Chu Feng was able to tell what was inside. Inside the Cosmos Sack was a piece of rock.

That piece of rock was very similar to the one that Chu Feng had discovered in the main formation. However, its shape was slightly different.

At that moment, Chu Feng was secretly delighted, as it meant that his guess was correct. Sure enough, that rock possessed enormous usefulness.

After seeing Chu Feng put the Cosmos Sack away, Liangqiu Chengfeng turned his gaze to the crowd. He said, "I’m afraid that this old man will be powerless in taking care of that spirit formation. Young friend Chu Feng, I’m afraid that you will have to shoulder this great responsibility."

"What? He’s going to be the one to break the formation?"

Hearing what Liangqiu Chengfeng said, the crowd all revealed uneasy expressions. They were all worried about Chu Feng’s ability.

After all, regardless of how strong he might be, he remained only a person of the younger generation. Regardless of how strong his world spirit techniques might be, he was only an Exalted-cloak World Spiritist. There was simply an enormous disparity between him and the Saint-cloak World Spiritist Liangqiu Chengfeng.

If Chu Feng was made an assistant in breaking the formation, the crowd would have no problem with it at all. However, they were worried because they were being told that Chu Feng would be the one in charge.

"Just then, this old man had already told Chu Feng how to break that formation. This old man believes that Chu Feng will be able to accomplish this heavy task," Liangqiu Chengfeng said.

"Young friend Chu Feng, since that’s the case, we’ll have to trouble you," although still feeling dubious of Chu Feng’s capability, the crowd had no other alternative but to entrust their hopes to Chu Feng.

Faced with the crowd’s gazes of expectation, Chu Feng’s lips rose into a strange smile.

"It’s naturally not an issue for me to breach the formation. However, I have two conditions," Chu Feng said.