Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3323 - Situation Turning Bad

“Forget about it, let him do his thing.”

Feeling helpless, someone came to terms with Chu Feng’s demand.

Afterwards, more and more people reached terms.

Faced with such a situation, Song Boqiu also didn’t say anything. He had tacitly agreed to it.

“If all seniors have agreed to it, then I will begin.”

As Chu Feng spoke, he put all of the cultivation resources away. Then, he turned around and began to prepare to break that spirit formation.

The instant Chu Feng turned around, Song Boqiu revealed a strange smile on his face.

In fact, it was not only Song Boqiu. Coldness flashed through the eyes of many of the people present.

In the end, they were all-powerful grand existences. As such, they would naturally not resign themselves to being threatened by a person of the younger generation in such a manner.

Thus, although they had agreed to all of Chu Feng’s conditions, they would all demand a saying from him regardless of the outcome once he finished the task that they wanted him to do.

If Chu Feng was the arrogant one at that moment, then they would be the arrogant ones later.

That said, those people had no idea that their changes in expression were all caught by Chu Feng.

Chu Feng was not at all flustered after capturing those changes. Instead, he revealed a faint smile.

The reason for that was because those people had reacted exactly as he had anticipated.

Chu Feng knew that those people would definitely not spare him after he did such a thing.

The reason why Chu Feng dared to do such a thing, mainly came down to two points.

Firstly, those insect-like cultivation resources would provide enormous assistance to Exalted-level experts.

If those people were to know that those cultivation resources would provide such an enormous assistance to them, they would definitely not be willing to hand them over to him.

Chu Feng had braved such dangers, braved the wrath of those grand existences, to obtain those cultivation resources not because of himself. Instead, he had done so for the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Even the Li Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elder, Li Taiyi, possessed the strength to obliterate the Chu Heavenly Clan by himself.

In the future, if they were to face the entire Li Heavenly Clan, one could very well imagine what would await them.

Thus, Chu Feng felt that this was a very rare opportunity that he must make full use of. He must help the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief increase his cultivation. Only through the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief becoming more powerful would their Chu Heavenly Clan become more powerful.

As such, Chu Feng must take the risk.

That was the first reason why Chu Feng dared to make such demands.

That said, he had anticipated from the very start that those people might go back on their word. Even with Liangqiu Chengfeng being there bringing some apprehension to those people, it remained that Liangqiu Chengfeng was already seriously injured, and had lost his fighting strength. As such, there would definitely be people that would refuse to give Liangqiu Chengfeng face before their own self-interest.

The reason why Chu Feng dared to do such a thing even though he knew about the future dangers was because of the second point.

Apart from informing Chu Feng of the method to breach the defensive formation, Liangqiu Chengfeng had also informed Chu feng that the defensive formation could be exploited. After breaching the defensive formation, the power of the defensive formation could be maintained, and turned into offensive power.

Although the converted offensive power would not be as strong as the original defensive power, it would definitely not be something that the people present could contend against.

At that time, Chu Feng would possess a grand slaughtering formation. If anyone dared to attempt to cause harm to him, they would only be seeking trouble for themselves.

However, in order to obtain the power of the grand slaughtering formation, one thing must be done. That is, the grand defensive formation must be breached. Otherwise... what awaited Chu Feng would be the revenge of those grand characters.

Knowing everything at stake, Chu Feng had decided to gamble everything, and began to put forth his utmost efforts to breach that grand defensive formation.

Fortunately, with Liangqiu Chengfeng’s directions, Chu Feng’s breaching process went very smoothly.

At that moment, the grand unsealing formation that Chu Feng had set up was confronting the grand defensive formation of that treasure. As they collided, light was permeating the surroundings, and energies surged out; even the vast palace hall was trembling slightly.

Everyone knew that that was the most crucial moment for Chu Feng’s unsealing process.

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, a recess appeared in the central region of the grand unsealing formation.

Seeing that, Chu feng hurriedly got up and arrived before that hollowed area.

After arriving before the recess, Chu Feng took out a rock from his Cosmos Sack. It was the same rock that Liangqiu Chengfeng had handed him.

“Why did that Chu Feng take out a rock?”

The crowd were all confused by Chu Feng’s action. They did not know what use that rock could possibly possess. Thus, they were all questioning. After all, in their eyes, that rock was nothing more than an extremely ordinary rock.

However, in the next moment, after Chu Feng placed the rock into the recess, the crowd’s expressions all changed enormously.

At that moment, the power of the defensive formation had not only decreased by over half, but it was also even twisting and warping nonstop, seemingly on the verge of collapse, and looking like it could crumble at any moment.

“That rock actually has such an effect?”

At that moment, the crowd finally realized the amazingness of the rock.

Even though they were filled with hatred toward Chu Feng, they still couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration at his genius. It was no wonder, Liangqiu Chengfeng thought so highly of him, and determined that Chu Feng would be able to breach that defensive formation.

At the moment when the crowd were filled with astonishment, the weak Liangqiu Chengfeng remained completely calm. The reason for that was because he had anticipated all of this.

That said, even though he had anticipated all this, the gaze with which he looked to Chu Feng was still filled with appreciation. After all, Chu Feng had managed to accomplish something that not even the Liangqiu Sisters could accomplish. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, strange runes and symbols began to repeatedly appear on the grand defensive formation. Then, another recess appeared.

Seeing that recess, Liangqiu Chengfeng, who was originally completely calm and composed, had a huge change in expression. He reacted as if the situation had gone extremely wrong.

At the same time, he cried out in alarm, and shouted at Chu Feng, “Chu Feng, quickly, get back!!!”