Chapter 3332 - The Linghu Heavenly Clan’s Ambition

Li Ruochu’s words contained hidden implications. Calling Chu Feng the ’prophesied child’ had revealed what she was thinking. The way she saw it, the prophesied child was simply not Wuma Shengjie, but Chu Feng instead.

In fact, the various experts that had witnessed Chu Feng’s capabilities in the Ancient Era’s remnant also held the same opinion as her. They too felt that Chu Feng was the actual prophesied child, whereas Wuma Shengjie was an incorrect guess that they’d made.

"If you are to participate, then, based on your strength, not only will you be able to rank among the Decastars, but it would not be hard for you to rank among the top three either," Li Ruochu said. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"I’m not interested in a title in the Ancestral Martial Decastars," Chu Feng shook his head.

"Ever since your father has been imprisoned, your Chu Heavenly Clan has suffered a sudden and devastating decline. Right now, in the eyes of various powers, your Chu Heavenly Clan has become completely incompetent and powerless."

"However, the contest for the Ancestral Martial Decastars would allow you to demonstrate your extraordinary talent, allow you to shine. At that time, it would not only be you, Chu Feng, whose name will be renowned throughout the Ancestral Martial Starfield, but your Chu Heavenly Clan will also return to everyone’s view. Not only is that advantageous for you, it’s also advantageous for your clan."

"Most importantly, your enemy Linghu Hongfei should also be present," Li Ruochu said.

"It’s merely a prophecy. Ignoring the possibility that the prophesied person isn’t me, even if it is me, how could that prophecy be so accurate? Must I absolutely become an enemy of Linghu Hongfei?" Chu Feng smiled and shook his head. He did not believe in the prophecy.

Chu Feng felt that no matter how powerful Exalted Heavenly Fate might be, he was still only be a martial cultivator. He felt that it was impossible for Exalted Heavenly Fate to possess such overwhelming ability to be able to see what would happen in the future.

"Exalted Heavenly Fate’s prophecies have never been wrong. Furthermore, rumors are very terrifying too. Even if you don’t wish to become Linghu Hongfei’s enemy, because of the rumors and slander, he will definitely not spare you."

"He will definitely defeat you in order to prove that you are inferior to him, prove that the so-called prophesied child is absolutely worthless before him. Thus... Linghu Hongfei is a calamity that you are destined to face. You won’t be able to avoid him," Li Ruochu said.

"What is the current cultivation of that Linghu Hongfei?" Chu Feng asked.

"He was a rank one Exalted three years ago. As for his current cultivation... I have no idea," Li Ruochu said.

"Rank one Exalted, was it?" Chu Feng started to frown slightly. Then, he forced a smile and said, "Even if I decide to participate, I am simply no match for him."

"According to the prophecy, you will become a match for him in the future, not now. If he is to try to take care of you now, I believe he’ll become an object of ridicule for others. Thus, he wouldn’t do that sort of thing. Besides... since the two of you are destined to battle, why don’t you go and check out your rival first?" Li Ruochu said.

"You seem to want me to participate very much. What benefit is there for you in me participating?" Chu Feng asked.

"There’s no benefit for me. I merely feel that it would be beneficial for you to participate," Li Ruochu said.

"Beneficial for me? If the people of the world are to find out that I, Chu Feng, am the prophesied child, how could the Linghu Heavenly Clan possibly be willing to spare my Chu Heavenly Clan?" Chu Feng asked.

"Before you, everyone felt that the prophesied child was Wuma Shengjie. Look at the Wuma Heavenly Clan; are they doing good, or are they doing bad?" Li Ruochu asked.

At that moment, Chu Feng started to ponder. It seemed like what Li Ruochu said was very true. The Wuma Heavenly Clan was not suppressed because of Wuma Shengjie. Instead, they were given favorable attention by various powers. The powers that had come to befriend the Wuma Heavenly Clan were the best testimony to that.

"Rest assured, a power like the Linghu Heavenly Clan will not make things difficult for your Chu Heavenly Clan. In the eyes of the Linghu Heavenly Clan, they only have a single opponent -- the Starfield Master Realm," Li Ruochu said.

"Starfield Master Realm?" Chu Feng’s gaze changed. He was very surprised by what Li Ruochu said.

"The Linghu Heavenly Clan wants to become the overlord of the Ancestral Martial Starfield?" Chu Feng asked.

Although the Linghu Heavenly Clan was very powerful, Chu Feng had never anticipated that they actually possessed such ambition.

Furthermore, if the Linghu Heavenly Clan was already prepared to go against the Starfield Master Realm, it would mean that the Linghu Heavenly Clan was even stronger than Chu Feng had imagined them to be.

"That matter has not been made public yet. However, the Linghu Heavenly Clan has been plotting for many years. In recent years, they’ve even openly gone against the Starfield Master Realm on certain matters. In my opinion, the Linghu Heavenly Clan is already prepared to go against the Starfield Master Realm."

"Thus, you need not worry. If you are truly capable of rising in power, the Linghu Heavenly Clan will not only not make things difficult for you, but they might even try to rope you in."

"However, that’s only on the premise that you do not do something too excessive against the Linghu Heavenly Clan, that you don’t touch their baseline. You understand?" Li Ruochu said.

"Thank you for your warning. However, I am an enemy of your Li Heavenly Clan, there shouldn’t be any benefit for you in helping me like this, no?" Chu Feng asked.

"I have never held any hostility toward you. I also do not wish for our Li Heavenly Clan to become an enemy of your Chu Heavenly Clan. That said, you don’t have to worry about something like that, for our Li Heavenly Clan will not make an enemy of you," Li Ruochu said.

"Why do you say that?" Chu Feng asked.

"How many powers in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield would possibly dare to provoke someone backed by Utmost Exalted experts?"

"Regardless, our Li Heavenly Clan would not dare to do that," Li Ruochu said.

At that moment, Chu Feng felt a bit embarrassed. In the past, he had been thinking of retrieving Su Rou and Su Mei from the Moon Immortal using his own strength the entire time.

Never did he expect that the Moon Immortal would become his shield.

"Oh, that’s right, for those two girls to possess such overwhelming power, exactly who are they? Furthermore, it seemed like you have some hostility toward them. It would appear that your relationship with them is not simple at all, no?" Li Ruochu looked to Chu Feng with a beaming and teasing smile.

"Forgive me in being unable to tell you about that matter," Chu Feng said.

"Chu Feng, you need not hold such strong wariness against me. Even if you weren’t a friend of my little sister, I would not make an enemy out of you because of your father. After all, you are the son of the person that I admire," Li Ruochu said.

A wave immediately rose in Chu Feng’s heart after Li Ruochu said those words.

He did not expect that it was not only the Liangqiu Sisters that admired his father, but even Li Ruochu admired his father.

At that moment, a proud feeling began to rise uncontrollably from the bottom of his heart.

His father actually managed to affect that many outstanding people in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Chu Feng was feeling proud from the bottom of his heart.