Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3334 - The Origin Of The Blood Curse

The Wuma Heavenly Clan was originally a single clan. In the Ancestral Martial Starfield, they could be said to be a very ancient heavenly clan.

The Wuma Heavenly Clan was always a very powerful existence in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. In fact, they used to possess enough power to even aim at the throne of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

However, later on, two successors with equivalent strength emerged in the Wuma Heavenly Clan.

The Clan Chief then had great affection for both successors. Because of that, he made a mistaken decision.

He passed on his position as the clan chief to both successors simultaneously.

After that, while the Wuma Heavenly Clan appeared to be normal on the surface, they had separated into two different camps.

At first, the two camps were equally matched. However, as the two clan chiefs’ administrative methods were different, their popularity with the clansmen began to deviate. The support of the senior figures in the clan also began to lean toward one side.

However, the position of the clan chief could not be abandoned. Because of that, the Wuma Heavenly Clan ended up being separated into a main clan and a branch clan.

Merely by the name, one could tell that the main branch used to be very powerful. They could be said to have been suppressing the branch clan the entire time, making them unable to even lift their heads.

However, after the first generation clan chief of the main clan passed away, the branch clan’s power grew exponentially, and soon surpassed the main clan.

Due to being suppressed by the main clan, the branch clan was already filled with discontent toward the main clan. After they became stronger than the main clan, they decided to drive the people from the main clan out of the Wuma Heavenly Clan. Because of that, there ended up being two Wuma Heavenly Clans.

Unfortunately, after so many years had passed, the main clan was still unable to rise in power. Instead, they continued to decline in power.

As for the branch clan, they continued to grow more and more powerful. And now, they were named among the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s Ten Great Heavenly Clans, and possessed strength superior to that of the Li Heavenly Clan and Tang Heavenly Clan, two fellow members of the Ten Great Heavenly Clans.

After so many years had passed, the two Wuma Heavenly Clans no longer possessed status that could be compared alongside one another.

However, the branch clan had never forgotten about the days when they were suppressed by the main clan, and would frequently come to the main clan to cause trouble and humiliate them.

That year, Wuma Shengjie was only three years old. However, due to her exceptional talent, she had already begun martial cultivation.

That year, the branch clan’s clan chief arrived at the main clan together with his clansmen and his daughter.

As Wuma Shengjie was only a child, she naturally did not know about the seriousness between the relationship of the two clans. Besides, she was also treasured and spoiled by both her parents and her fellow clansmen. Normally, it had always been others that would yield to her, and not her who yielded to others.

Whilst playing, Wuma Shengjie began to argue with the branch clan’s clan chief’s daughter.

It was actually the branch clan’s clan chief’s daughter who attacked Wuma Shengjie first that day. Wuma Shengjie would naturally not tolerate being attacked, and thus attacked back, injuring her in the process. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Although Wuma Shengjie was very young and only a small child back then, it remained that she was a martial cultivator that possessed martial power. Furthermore, she did not know how to hold back and ended up knocking the branch clan’s clan chief’s daughter unconscious with a slap to her face. That slap was so powerful that it ended up mutilating the branch clan’s clan chief’s daughter’s adorable little face.

Actually, as long as it was not fatal, injuries would not be any major issue.

However, as the branch clan’s clan chief had come to the main clan seeking trouble, how could he possibly tolerate his beloved daughter suffering such grievance?

Back then, the branch clan’s clan chief had demanded Wuma Shengjie’s life. It was only because of Wuma Shengjie’s parents kneeling and begging for forgiveness that Wuma Shengjie was not killed on the spot.

Although she survived, she did not manage to escape a calamity either.

The clansmen from the branch clan took out a medicinal pellet, and made her swallow it.

That medicinal pellet was actually something that the branch clan had meticulously developed.

It was a sort of medicinal pellet that was capable of increasing one’s power. However, their development ended in a failure, and the medicinal pellet would not only increase one’s power, but it would also bring forth unbearable pain that would torture its user to death. Furthermore, it would be impossible to kill the user of the medicinal pellet when its backlash flared up. The only way to die would be to be tormented to death.

Because of that, the medicinal pellet became a very ruthless sort of poison.

Back then, the people from the main clan had no idea that the medicinal pellet was poison, and such a powerful poison on top of that. Furthermore, the people from the branch clan used the excuse of appreciating Wuma Shengjie’s talent to bestow a ‘cultivation treasure’ to her, and wanted her to swallow it immediately.

The people from the main clan did not think too much of it, and ordered Wuma Shengjie to directly swallow the medicinal pellet.

Afterwards, the backlash, the poison, of the medicinal pellet flared up, and Wuma Shengjie was met with great torment.

For the sake of saving her life, Wuma Shengjie’s parents used a forbidden technique of the Wuma Heavenly Clan and sacrificed themselves to disperse the power of the poison pellet.

As chance would have it, the dispersion of the poison failed. Yet, it had turned into great power that could be utilized by Wuma Shengjie.

As for that power, it was the Blood Curse on Wuma Shengjie’s body.

[1. It was called Bloodsoul Gu before in ch 3256. Gu is a sort of curse/poison.]

Although Wuma Shengjie had gained power, she had lost her parents to it.

The reason why Wuma Shengjie had been disguising herself as a man the entire time was because her parents wanted a son, and had mentioned to others that only their son would be a true successor.

Back then, Wuma Shengjie was angry at her parents for saying that sort of thing. However, she ended up considering those words to be the cherished dreams of her parents.

For the sake of accomplishing their wish, Wuma Shengjie would rather live the rest of her life as a man.

However, because the people from the main clan failed to properly protect her parents, Wuma Shengjie not only deeply detested the people from the branch clan, but she also deeply detested the people of the main clan.

“Brother Wuma, what happened in the past is the past now. You were also powerless to do anything back then. This is not your fault. I believe that Shengjie will understand later on,” the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief stepped forward and patted the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s shoulder, who sighed and said, “I merely hate myself for being unable to bring back the flourishing days of my seniors, and allowing the Wuma Heavenly Clan to deteriorate to our current state.”

“Right now, the people of the Ancestral Martial Starfield all consider the branch clan as the main clan. As for us, the main clan, we are seen as trash in the eyes of the people of the world. It’s so bad that I’m unable to even protect my clansmen. I’m truly too incompetent,” the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief spoke with a pained expression.