Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3335 - Inescapable Calamity

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was in great pain, and was beginning to lose control of his emotions. Soon, he actually started crying.

This caught both Chu Feng and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief by surprise. Even if the matter was very painful to recall, it was something that had happened so long in the past. There shouldn’t be a reason to become so emotional to the state of crying.

The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief stepped forward and quietly said to the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, "Brother Wuma, what are you doing? There’s a person of the younger generation here." He felt that the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief had somewhat lost his composure. As his close friend, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief felt pained to see this.

"Brother Chu, truth be told, that branch clan of ours is simply too excessive. Not long ago, they even sent a secret order to us, demanding that our clan change our family name. They stated that we are not allowed to use the surname ’Wuma’ anymore, that we are not allowed to consider ourselves members of the Wuma Heavenly Clan," The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"They actually made such a demand?! That is simply too excessive!" Hearing those words, even the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief became furious.

"If we fail to comply, they will make our main clan disappear from the Ancestral Martial Starfield."

"If it wasn’t for that, how could I use the Ancient Era’s remnant to befriend those powers? I was also forced with no alternative. If we do not immediately find some powers to back us, it is simply impossible for us to contend against that branch clan."

"In fact, we do not even possess the ability to negotiate with them."

"However... everyone has now discovered that Shengjie is not the prophesied child. Even if they didn’t say anything on the surface, they will not help our Wuma Heavenly Clan anymore," The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief had a helpless expression on his face.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng and the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief glanced at one another. The expression of guilt was present in both their eyes.

Indeed, it was as the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief had said, the people that were present, were the last hope of the Wuma Heavenly Clan. However, it had all changed because of Chu Feng.

"Brother Wuma, with your Wuma Heavenly Clan being confronted with such a plight, it is only natural for your clan to befriend the various clans."

"However, earlier, when Li Taiyi attacked me, you did not hesitate to break off your relationship with him to protect me. This camaraderie is something that I, Chu, have engraved deeply in my heart."

"If there is anything that you need my help with do not hesitate to tell me. Even if it is to go through water and tread on fire, I will definitely help you," The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"Brother Chu, there is indeed one thing that I need your help with," As he spoke, the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief turned his gaze to Chu Feng.

"Senior," Chu Feng knew that the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief wanted to say something to him.

"Chu Feng, actually, this is something that I find very difficult to mention. However, this old man has no alternative. As this concerns our clan’s reputation, this old man earnestly requests young friend Chu Feng’s assistance."

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief suddenly lowered his head and bent his knees. He actually knelt before Chu Feng.

"Brother Wuma, what are you doing?"

Right after the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief kneeled down, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief immediately helped him back up.

"Senior, you must absolutely not act like this. You are a very close friend of my clan’s clan chief. If there is anything you need, please go ahead and tell me directly. As long as it’s something that I, Chu Feng, am capable of doing, I will definitely spare no effort in helping you," Chu Feng said.

Chu Feng was able to tell that the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was truly forced with no alternative. Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to kneel to a person of the younger generation like Chu Feng.

This was especially true for a person like Chu Feng, as he was a member of the younger generation from the clan of his close friend.

What the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief did was not only unsuitable for his status, but it was also a great disgrace upon his face. He had truly let go of his dignity.

If he didn’t have something very important to seek Chu Feng’s assistance with, it would be impossible for him to act like that.

"Brother Chu, young friend Chu Feng, this old man is not a shameless individual. However, when compared to the reputation of my ancestor, this old man’s personal dignity is worth nothing by comparison."

"If our clan’s surname is to be changed, how could I possibly face my ancestors? This would not only be a disgrace on my behalf, but it would also be a disgrace to the entire Wuma Heavenly Clan. It is something that none of our clansmen could tolerate."

"However, the branch clan is too powerful. Our clan is no match for them. In fact, we do not even possess any means to discuss the matter."

"Thus, young friend Chu Feng, is it possible for you to ask your two friends to help us? Could you have them go and talk with the branch clan for us?"

"As they are Utmost Exalted-level experts, no matter how strong the branch clan might be, they would not dare to provoke them. If they are willing to help, our clan will be saved," The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"Senior, it’s not that Chu Feng doesn’t wish to help you. Merely..."

"... I will tell senior the whole truth."

Chu Feng felt very helpless, and began to tell the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief everything about Su Rou, Su Mei and the Moon Immortal. He even mentioned the matter about the Moon Immortal coming to seek him out and then leaving.

"There’s actually such a thing?"

"I was only a step too late. The heavens do not wish to protect my clan, truly the heavens do not wish to protect my clan."

The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief reacted as if he had received an enormous shock. In a split second, he seemed to have aged several dozen years, and resembled someone with a terminal illness on the verge of death. He was tottering, and unable to even stand firm.

Seeing this, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief immediately rushed forward to support him. Then, he said, "Brother Wuma, you don’t have to worry too much. There is always a way to deal with this sort of situation. Has that branch clan given you all a deadline to think things over?"

"Actually, the deadline has already arrived. I believe that they will soon come pay us a visit. At that time, our Wuma Heavenly Clan can only bravely fight them, even if it means our deaths," The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"While changing one’s surname is indeed a great disgrace, as the saying goes, being alive, one must know when to bow and submit, and when to stand tall."

"Rather than fighting to your deaths, it is better to endure the humiliation momentarily and change your surname back after your clan rises in power in the future," The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"Brother Chu, tell me this honestly, if it were your clan that was faced with this situation, would you be able to tolerate it?" The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief asked.

"I..." The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief began to ponder earnestly. If it were him, would he be able to tolerate this humiliation? Even if he was willing, his clansmen might not necessarily be willing.

For heavenly clans, their surnames were extremely important. To change one’s surname was a matter of extraordinary shame and humiliation. It was truly something that they would rather die than do.

However, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief also knew that if the Wuma Heavenly Clan were to fight against the branch clan, they would be akin to striking a stone with an egg.

"Judging from things at that moment, one could only seek help from the Starfield Master Realm," The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

"I have already requested their help. Unfortunately, I have yet to receive any response from them. You also know how the Starfield Master Realm is. As such, I simply do not have any hope that they will help us," The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief shook his head.

"Although the Starfield Master Realm is not fond of interfering in matters between other powers, it remains that, in this instance, it is the branch clan that is being overly excessive. I think that the Starfield Master Realm should be willing to take care of the matter," The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"Brother Chu, when the Upper Realm Gate appeared and connected the upper realms of your clan and the Li Heavenly Clan, have you ever thought that you would receive help from the Starfield Master Realm? Both you and I know very well what sort of people they are."

He sighed. "This calamity is something that our Wuma Heavenly Clan will not be able to escape from. I have already accepted it for what it is, there is no need for you to continue to comfort me. Didn’t you say earlier that you have something important that you must return to your clan to take care of? You should return, I will not be seeing you off," The Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief turned around and began to leave after saying those words.

The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was not angered at the behavior of the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. Instead, he felt greatly pained.

"Senior, is there no other way?" Chu Feng asked.

"Unless the Starfield Master Realm is willing to help, no one will be able to help them. Merely... the hope of the Starfield Master Realm involving themselves in this matter is extremely slim. After all, the Starfield Master Realm has always had a very good relationship with the branch clan. As for brother Wuma and the others, the people from the Starfield Master Realm simply do not care about them at all," The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said.

Chu Feng felt very pained upon hearing those words.

He truly did not expect that the Wuma Heavenly Clan would be confronted with such a calamity. Even Chu Feng felt a sense of desperation facing the current situation.

One could very well imagine what sort of pain and despair the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was feeling.

It was no wonder that he would be forced to go down on his knees toward a person of the younger generation like Chu Feng.