Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3380 - World Spiritist Immortal King

“Milord, there’s really going to be a Saint-cloak World Spiritist within a hundred years of age?” Aunt Blackface’s eyes were filled with astonishment.

There were only a few Saint-cloak World Spiritists in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

As for those few Saint-cloak World Spiritists, they were all individuals who trained for long periods of time and possessed a heaven-defying talent for world spirit techniques.

However, it took all of them over a thousand years minimum to become Saint-cloak World Spiritists.

Within a hundred years of age?

If that was real, oh what sort of genius must that person be in order to accomplish such a feat?

Such an individual had never appeared in the Ancestral Martial Starfield before.

“I think that person is likely going to be Linghu Hongfei,” Exalted Heavenly Fate said.

“Milord, in that case, would it mean that the Linghu Heavenly Clan has deliberately made you announce a prophecy so that they could seize this opportunity to spread Linghu Hongfei’s name throughout the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield?”

“But, although Linghu Hongfei’s talent for martial cultivation is indeed extremely strong, I don’t seem to recall ever hearing about his talent in world spirit techniques. Furthermore, never has he ever used his world spirit techniques. Although it is certain that he knows world spirit techniques, practically no one knows how strong his world spirit techniques are. Could he really be able to accomplish such a feat?”

“Could his talent really be that exceptional? Could his talent for world spirit techniques also be as heaven-defying as his talent for martial cultivation?” Aunt Blackface revealed her doubt.

“If one were to train normally, it would definitely be impossible. Not even Chu Xuanyuan was able to train his world spirit techniques simultaneously as his martial cultivation to a heaven-defying caliber. Thus, how could it be possible for Linghu Hongfei?” Exalted Heavenly Fate said.

“In that case, Milord, why do you think that it’s going to be Linghu Hongfei?” Aunt Blackface was very puzzled.

“Although it’ll be impossible through normal training, if one were to use special methods, it would be possible,” Exalted Heavenly Fate said.

“Milord, you mean to say that the Linghu Heavenly Clan will use special methods to assist Linghu Hongfei in obtaining the power of a Saint-cloak World Spiritist?” Aunt Blackface was very surprised.

“That’s most likely the case. Otherwise, there would be no need for them to seek me out to lure people to the Ice Summit,” Exalted Heavenly Fate said.

“But... could such a thing really be possible?” Aunt Blackface found it very hard to believe.

To many martial cultivators, becoming a Saint-cloak World Spiritist was something even more difficult than reaching the Utmost Exalted realm.

Although there were also only a few Utmost Exalted-level experts, the amount of Utmost Exalted-level experts in the Ancestral Martial Starfield still surpassed that of Saint-cloak World Spiritists.

From this, it could be seen that Saint-cloak World Spiritist was a cultivation realm that was very difficult to reach.

While it was true that the great majority of martial cultivators focused on martial cultivation, and very few people focused on world spirit techniques, and thus there fewer Saint-cloak World Spiritists, there was another reason for the sparseness of Saint-cloak World Spiritists. That is, exceptional talent in world spirit techniques was even more difficult to obtain than exceptional talent in martial cultivation.

“Yes, it’s actually possible. Merely, to do something like that would inevitably require one to pay an enormous price. The price would not only be an enormous cost in cultivation resources, but Linghu Hongfei himself would also have to pay a price.”

“If Linghu Hongfei was truly going to forcibly obtain the power of a Saint-cloak World Spiritist through assistance from external forces, his world spirit techniques would likely forever be stuck at that level, and his body would also suffer damage.”

“However, Linghu Hongfei is already the strongest genius in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. From the years of work of the Linghu Heavenly Clan, there are even people that believe Linghu Hongfei to be the strongest genius to have ever appeared in the Ancestral Martial Starfield, surpassing both Chu Hanxian and Chu Xuanyuan.”

“Thus, with the fame that Linghu Hongfei possesses, there is simply no need for him to increase his reputation by becoming a Saint-cloak World Spiritist.”

“If my guess is correct, and the Linghu Heavenly Clan is truly planning to forcibly assist Linghu Hongfei in becoming a Saint-cloak World Spiritist, I truly cannot understand what the Linghu Heavenly Clan is planning.”

Exalted Heavenly Fate started to ponder. The more puzzled he became due to the actions of the Linghu Heavenly Clan, the more remarkable he felt them to be.

......

Chu Feng and the others had no idea that Exalted Heavenly Fate was forced to make that prophecy by the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

Of course, they also did not know that there would really be a Saint-cloak World Spiritist appearing within seven days.

At that moment, Chu Feng had arrived beneath the Ice Summit. Unfortunately... their arrival was still too late.

The news of the emergence of a Saint-cloak World Spiritist spread very fast. At that moment, the foot of the Ice Summit was already packed with people.

Furthermore, upon arriving at the foot of the Ice Summit, the crowd had learned of the news that...

Liangqiu Chengfeng, Wuming Xingyun, Queen Mother Fox Immortal and Grandmaster Long Xuan, the four Saint-cloak World Spiritists, were holding a small get-together on top of the Ice Summit.

That news was not spread. Instead, it was announced.

For some reason, the four Saint-cloak World Spiritists suddenly became interested and decided to choose some people of the younger generation to bring to the top of the Ice Summit to meet them.

The Ancestral Martial Decastars were able to directly ascend the Ice Summit. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As for the others, as long as they were people of the younger generation within a hundred years of age, they would all be allowed to pass a test to ascend the Ice Summit.

Being able to meet the four Saint-cloak World Spiritists and talk with them close up was a cherished desire of many people of the younger generation. Furthermore, with the prophecy that Exalted Heavenly Fate had just announced, the crowd all felt that it was no coincidence.

Thus, the younger generations all wanted to personally witness the emergence of the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s youngest Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

In fact, there were even people that dreamed of them being the one who would obtain the stroke of luck to become the youngest Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

After all, the Ice Summit was a sacred place for world spirit techniques to begin with.

“Senior, do you know what sort of place this Ice Summit is?”

Hearing the conversation of the crowd, Chu Feng learned a bit about the Ice Summit. However, he did not know the rules and regulations of the Ice Summit. Thus, he decided to consult the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

His question was not in vain, as the Wuma Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief actually knew about the Ice Summit.

As it turned out, over thirty thousand years ago, a world spiritist grandmaster came to the Nine Dragons Upper Realm.

That world spiritist grandmaster was extremely powerful. Some people even said that that grandmaster was a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

There were even people who said he was a legendary God-cloak World Spiritist.

As that world spiritist was very mysterious, very few people had met him before. Thus, no one knew exactly what level of world spiritist he was. In fact, no one had even seen his actual appearance. They only knew that he was called the World Spiritist Immortal King.