Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3397 - The First Person To Enter The Formation

The reason for their reaction was because that old man was the number one world spiritist of the Ancestral Martial Starfield, Grandmaster Liangqiu.

“Grandmaster Liangqiu, so it’s actually because you arrived here ahead of time. Didn’t I ask how the two of them could be able to finish setting up the main formation so quickly?”

Upon seeing Grandmaster Liangqiu, even Queen Mother Fox Immortal’s attitude became particularly good.

Grandmaster Liangqiu was able to gain his status in the Ancestral Martial Starfield through actual strength.

He was not only a Snake Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist, but at the same time, he was also... an Utmost Exalted-level expert.

In terms of both world spirit techniques and martial cultivation, Grandmaster Liangqiu was a peak existence.

“The Outcome of this endeavor will decide whether or not this old man will be able to make a breakthrough to Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist. As such, I will naturally attach importance to the matter,” said Grandmaster Liangqiu.

Hearing those words, Queen Mother Fox Immortal and the others became excited.

They had meticulously prepared this entire event precisely so that they could obtain the power within the grand formation.

Grandmaster Liangqiu wanted to become a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist, whereas the four of them wanted to use this opportunity to become Snake Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritists.

“We’ve finished making all the necessary preparations. Now, it’s up to the performance of those people of the younger generation,” Grandmaster Liangqiu sighed with emotion.

Liangqiu Chengfeng, Wuming Xingyun, Queen Mother Fox Immortal and Grandmaster Long Xuan also turned their eyes to the grand formation.

They had meticulously prepared for many years, and had done everything that they could. However, as to whether or not they would ultimately succeed would all depend on the people of the younger generation, and not them.

......

There were a total of twelve entrances. Only a single person could enter an entrance within a certain amount of time. This meant that only twelve people would be able to enter the grand formation.

After a series of scrambles, the people that entered the twelve entrances were respectively...

Linghu Yueyue, Linghu Tiemian, Linghu Mingye, Linghu Lun, Tantai Xing’er, Mengyan Wushuang, Tongtian Yuanming, Liangqiu Hongyue, and Liangqiu Lanyue.

Those nine individuals all managed to successfully win an entrance.

Furthermore, from the Tantai Heavenly Clan, two exceptional people of the younger generation also managed to each win an entrance.

As for Tang Zhenghao, perhaps he was shocked by the matter with Chu Feng, but he simply did not attempt to scramble for an entrance, and instead walked into the palace that was mentioned by Queen Mother Fox Immortal with the others that were eliminated.

That was a special palace-shaped spirit formation. Not only was that spirit formation capable of bringing benefits to Tang Zhenghao and the others that were eliminated, but it was actually also connected to the grand formation left behind by the World Spiritist Immortal King.

After Tang Zhenghao and the others entered it, they immediately began to activate the formation. Then, a portion of the spirit formation that was sealing the grand formation turned transparent.

With that, the scenery of that region could be seen.

That region just so happened to be the same region where the twelve zodiac entrances were connected.

After exiting the twelve zodiac entrances and entering the grand formation, one would be able to see thirty-six mountain peaks. The thirty-six mountain peaks stood abreast of one another, and resembled a giant wall sealing the twelve entrances.

If one wished to enter into the depths of the grand formation, one would first need to cross the mountain peaks.

However, the path to ascend every mountain was very difficult.

Dazzling golden bodies of light were present on each ascending path. Those were actually spirit formations.

Countless spirit formations were present on the mountain paths.

Each spirit formation acted like a checkpoint. Only by breaching the spirit formation would one be able to continue to ascend the mountain.

As for what would be obtained after breaching a spirit formation, what was present at the summit, and what could be seen after traversing the mountain... the crowd had no idea.

This was especially true for the people of the younger generation; they were completely bewildered.

The reason for that was because it was not only Wuming Xingyun and the others that could see the circumstances inside the grand formation, but Tang Zhenghao and the other people of the younger generation were also able to see it.

“What is going on?”

Seeing the change to the grand formation, many people of the younger generation felt very puzzled.

The grand formation was reportedly said to be so powerful that no world spiritist, no matter how strong they were, could see through it.

Yet, without using any special techniques, they were able to clearly see the circumstances inside the grand formation. This caused them to feel very surprised.

“If I guess correctly, the change to the grand formation must be related to this spirit formation that we’re activating right now,” Tang Zhenghao suddenly said.

Even though Tang Zhenghao’s behavior was extremely foolish when he was facing Chu Feng earlier, it was actually because he was underestimating his enemy.

Tang Zhenghao was actually a very intelligent individual. Thus, he was the first to realize that they were being exploited by Queen Mother Fox Immortal and the others.

“Related to us? You’re talking about this spirit formation that we’re activating?” Many people managed to react after hearing Tang Zhenghao.

“Mn,” Tang Zhenghao nodded. Soon afterward, he said, “However, it doesn’t matter. There’s no such thing as free lunch in this world to begin with. As long as we give our all to maintain the activation of this spirit formation, the treasures within this spirit formation will naturally belong to us.”

“Right, right, right.”

The crowd nodded in succession. They could not keep themselves from turning their eyes to the surroundings of the spirit formation.

All around the spirit formation was a dazzling lineup of treasures. Those treasures were enticing even to them.

As long as they gave their all to the activation of the spirit formation, they would be able to, according to how much power they’d invested, gain corresponding treasures.

This was their reward, their encouragement.

......

Even though a portion of the grand formation could be seen, the checkpoints of the twelve entrances still could not be seen.

No one knew what the people of the younger generation that were crashing through the checkpoints were experiencing at that moment.

Because of that, the crowd were still guessing as to whether those people of the younger generation would be able to successfully make their way through the various checkpoints, and who would be the first to enter the grand formation and gain the decisive opportunity.

“Rumble~~~”

Suddenly, a loud explosion sounded from within the grand formation.

Finally, one of the twelve entrances opened.

Someone successfully walked out from their checkpoint.

However, to the crowd’s surprise, the person who first successfully passed through the checkpoints and entered the grand formation was not the easiest rat zodiac’s entrance. Instead, it was the most difficult dragon zodiac’s entrance.

Linghu Yueyue appeared before the crowd’s field of view completely unscathed. Furthermore, from her charming and relaxed appearance, the crowd realized that even the most difficult dragon zodiac seemed to pose no difficulty to her.

“That Linghu Yueyue is truly amazing. It’s no wonder she’s the second strongest person of the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s younger generation beneath Linghu Hongfei.”

Many people were excited upon seeing Linghu Yueyue. This was especially so for the men, who became exceptionally excited. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

A woman like Linghu Yueyue, even for genius younger generations like themselves, was an existence akin to a saintess. She was the woman that they dreamed about marrying.

However, they also knew very well that, with their strength, they were simply unqualified to possess her.

As such, they could only dream about it.

“I truly wonder what sort of man would be able to match a girl like her.”

Seeing the seemingly perfect Linghu Yueyue inside the grand formation, someone was unable to contain themselves, and sighed.