Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3398 - Prophesied Child

After Linghu Yueyue, the Liangqiu Sisters also entered the grand formation in succession.

There was not a lot of discrepancy between the times at which the three of them entered the grand formation. The people that entered the grand formation after the three of them had, on the other hand, used relatively more time.

However, everyone managed to successfully enter the grand formation.

Of the twelve total entrances, in the end, only the rat zodiac’s entrance was not yet opened within the grand formation.

The hurdles in the rat zodiac should be the easiest. Yet, all of the other twelve zodiacs that were harder than the rat zodiac had been opened already, while the rat zodiac was still shut. This puzzled a lot of people.

“Grandmaster, what is going on?” At that moment, Wuming Xingyun, Queen Mother Fox Immortal, Liangqiu Chengfeng and Grandmaster Long Xuan were also confused. Thus, they all turned to look at Grandmaster Liangqiu.

Compared to their confusion, Grandmaster Liangqiu was much more composed. There was no trace of surprise on his face. Because of this, the four felt that Grandmaster Liangqiu might know the reason.

Facing the four puzzled gazes, Grandmaster Liangqiu only said, “Don’t worry.”

This baffled Liangqiu Chengfeng and the others even more. However, they could only make their guesses as to what was happening.

At that moment, the younger generations that had entered the grand formation were already climbing the mountains and using their various abilities to breach the successive spirit formation checkpoints.

Among the eleven people, the ones with the fastest speed at breaching the spirit formations were Linghu Yueyue and the Liangqiu Sisters.

That said, the Liangqiu Sisters were still slower than Linghu Yueyue.

Not only were Linghu Yueyue’s world spirit techniques stronger than the Liangqiu Sisters, but her cultivation was also something that the Liangqiu Sisters could not compete against.

While passing the various hurdles within the zodiac entrances to enter the grand formation tested one’s world spirit techniques, ascending the mountain after entering the grand formation tested both one’s world spirit techniques and their martial cultivation.

The weakness of the Liangqiu Sisters was that their martial power was lacking.

As for Linghu Yueyue, both her world spirit techniques and martial power were robust. Thus, a test of both of them was no issue to her.

“That girl Linghu Yueyue is truly powerful. Grandmaster... exactly why didn’t you take that girl as your disciple back then? If she had been nurtured by you, she might be a Snake Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist by now,” Queen Mother Fox Immortal said.

Back then, Grandmaster Liangqiu was planning to take Linghu Yueyue as his disciple.

However, due to some matters, he ended up not taking her as his disciple. As for the details as to exactly what had happened, no one knew.

“In the end, it’s just fate,” Grandmaster Liangqiu smiled. His expression remained completely calm and composed. It could be seen that he did not regret missing out on taking the exceptional young mistress Linghu Yueyue as his disciple.

However, no one noticed that after Grandmaster Liangqiu finished saying those words, he took a glance at the rat zodiac’s entrance.

Furthermore, after glancing at the rat zodiac’s entrance, the corners of his mouth rose into a smile.

At that moment, the eleven people of the younger generation had already managed to breach many spirit formations, and gain some benefits from the grand formation.

Because of their insufficient cultivation, even though the Liangqiu Sisters possessed very powerful world spirit techniques, their speed still decreased greatly. The two of them were actually caught up to by many people.

Furthermore, as every spirit formation could potentially contain a spirit formation sword hidden within it, many people had already joined hands to increase the speed at which they breached the spirit formations.

Naturally, there were many people that tried to join hands with the Liangqiu Sisters.

However, they were all refused.

All those that were refused by the Liangqiu Sisters were confused as to why the Liangqiu Sisters would refuse them.

Only the Liangqiu Sisters themselves knew that they were waiting for someone. That person... was the person that the sisters wanted to cooperate with the most.

“Rumble~~~”

Suddenly, rumbles sounded from the direction of the rat zodiac’s entrance.

When the rumble was heard, Tang Zhenghao and the others that were maintaining the activation of their spirit formation outside the grand formation all turned their eyes toward the rat zodiac.

Grandmaster Liangqiu and the others also turned their eyes toward the rat zodiac.

In fact, even Linghu Yueyue and the others that were breaching their various spirit formations and ascending the mountain stopped what they were doing to turn their eyes over to the rat zodiac.

They all wanted to know if it was Chu Feng or Wuma Shengjie that exited the rat zodiac.

Under the focus of everyone’s gaze, a figure walked out from the rat zodiac’s entrance.

However, upon seeing this person, many people revealed disappointed looks on their faces.

The reason for that was because the person that came out was not Chu Feng. Instead, it was Wuma Shengjie.

“Why would it be him?”

“Could it be that that child is actually so powerful that he managed to defeat even Chu Feng?” Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Upon discovering that it was Wuma Shengjie, the people of the younger generation and even the four grand Insect Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritists revealed surprised looks on their faces.

“You’re actually right, this outcome is truly surprising,” Queen Mother Fox Immortal looked to Wuming Xingyun.

However, Wuming Xingyun had an unconcealable look of disappointment on his face at that moment.

Even though he felt that Wuma Shengjie was a rarely seen demon-level genius, he still, from the bottom of his heart, felt that Chu Feng would be able to be the one to win and emerge from the rat zodiac.

In fact, Wuming Xingyun was not the only one that was disappointed. Many others felt disappointed.

Even though Wuma Shengjie was deemed to be the prophesied child, the crowd would rather Chu Feng be the prophesied child after learning of his strength.

A match between Chu Xuanyuan’s son and Linghu Hongfei sounded even more exciting.

“That guy actually managed to defeat Chu Feng?”

“Wouldn’t that mean his cultivation is above Chu Feng’s?”

“No wonder he took so much time in the rat zodiac’s entrance. It would appear that Wuma Shengjie’s world spirit techniques are not that powerful, whereas his martial cultivation is not one to be looked down upon.”

At that moment, the crowd began to discuss spiritedly.

“Woosh~~~”

Right at that moment, Wuma Shengjie started to move. She arrived before a mountain peak and began to make a beeline for the first spirit formation hurdle.

In the blink of an eye, she managed to breach the first spirit formation.

Following that, she finished breaching the second, the third, and the fourth...

The spirit formations that the others were wracking their brains out to breach were akin to slicing melons for Wuma Shengjie.

The speed at which she breached the spirit formations was ten times faster than even Linghu Yueyue.

At that moment, the crowd all had astonished looks on their face.

They were all able to sense Wuma Shengjie’s rank six Martial Immortal-level cultivation, and witnessed her Insect Mark Exalted-cloak World Spirit Power.

Most importantly, the speed at which she was breaching the various spirit formations was simply too astonishingly fast.

It could even be said that the people inside the grand formation, those eleven people that were breaching the various spirit formations, were simply on a completely different level than Wuma Shengjie.

Even Linghu Yueyue seemed to be much inferior to her.

At that moment, it was not only the people of the younger generation that were completely stunned; even the four Insect Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritists had astonished looks on their faces.

They seemed to have finally realized why Wuma Shengjie was deemed the prophesied child.

In terms of talent, she really did seem to have a chance to compete against Linghu Hongfei.