Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3419 - Power Of God-cloak

Outside the grand formation. The spirit formation palace became particularly magnificent.

It seemed to have received some sort of upgrade. Even its aura became much more fascinating.

Being inside the spirit formation palace, when Tang Zhenghao and the others saw that scene, they felt even more complicated, and momentarily confused.

Actually, the spirit formation had ceased operations. Tang Zhenghao and the others had also had their wish fulfilled, and obtained various treasures from the spirit formation.

Merely, they had originally thought that everything would conclude upon receiving the treasures from the spirit formation palace.

However, at that moment, that magnificent palace looked so very sacred. It seemed to be indicating that things hadn’t concluded just yet. Instead, this was only the beginning.

“I wonder, how are they doing?” At that moment, someone looked curiously in the direction of the grand formation where Chu Feng and the others had disappeared earlier. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The others began to discuss it spiritedly. Perhaps because Linghu Hongfei was present, everyone was very optimistic.

None of them were worried that Linghu Hongfei and the others would encounter dangers. They were merely concerned about how much of a harvest Linghu Hongfei and the others would be able to obtain.

There were also people that were concerned if Linghu Hongfei would be able to realize the prophecy and become history’s youngest Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

At that moment, the only person not engaged in the discussion was Tang Zhenghao.

Compared to the others, Tang Zhenghao had a particularly complicated gaze. He raised his head and walked out of the spirit formation palace. Then, he turned around and looked at the dazzling spirit formation palace that seemed to be covered in a divine brilliance.

With that, Tang Zhenghao’s gaze became even more complicated, “Did they succeed? Else, how could such a power be emitted?”

Meanwhile, somewhere outside the grand formation. That place was a forbidden area set up by the five Saint-cloak World Spiritists.

Inside this forbidden area was an even more majestic grand formation. That grand formation was emitting a light that was even more dazzling and magnificent than the scorching sun.

If the palace spirit formation was to be compared with that grand formation, it would simply be akin to comparing the light of a firefly to the bright sun.

There were currently five figures inside that grand formation.

Currently, spirit power was flowing throughout the bodies of Liangqiu Chengfeng, Queen Mother Fox Immortal, Grandmaster Long Xuan and Wuming Xingyun. It seemed like sacred power was revolving around them.

That was Saint-level spirit power. At that moment, the Saint-level spirit power flowing throughout their bodies was no longer Insect Mark. Instead, it had become Snake Mark. The four of them had all successfully broken through to Snake Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

Having successfully made their breakthroughs, the four of them all showed unconcealable joy on their faces.

They had trained for many years, and had finally managed to make a breakthrough. One could well-imagine what they were feeling.

That said, whilst they felt joyous, there was also another expression in their eyes... nervousness.

They all focused their nervous gazes towards one location.

Sitting cross-legged at that location was none other than Grandmaster Liangqiu.

Grandmaster Liangqiu’s eyes were tightly closed, seemingly still training.

Gathered in his surroundings was extremely strong spirit power. The spirit power gathered in his surroundings was also Saint-level. However, there were no veined patterns in it.

The four Saint-cloak World Spiritists discovered Grandmaster Liangqiu in such a state the moment they successfully made their breakthroughs. Furthermore, Grandmaster Liangqiu had remained like that for some time since then.

This caused them to feel somewhat uneasy. They wondered if Grandmaster Liangqiu would be able to succeed.

After all, compared to them, making a breakthrough into Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist was many times more difficult.

Finally, Grandmaster Liangqiu opened his eyes and slowly stood up.

“Master, could you have...?”

Seeing that Grandmaster Liangqiu had stood up, yet the spirit power surrounding him still showed no veined patterns, Liangqiu Chengfeng had a very worried look on his face.

“Oh? It still hasn’t emerged yet?”

Grandmaster Liangqiu looked at his surroundings and suddenly laughed. Then, with a wave of his sleeve, the spirit power that surrounded him all entered his body. Following that, the spirit power that entered his body was once again released.

Merely, this time around, the spirit power possessed a veined pattern.

Furthermore, it possessed the strongest veined pattern, Dragon Mark!!!

“Succeeded, succeeded. Congratulations Grandmaster, congratulations Grandmaster. Grandmaster, this is truly a matter worthy of celebration.”

Queen Mother Fox Immortal immediately congratulated Grandmaster Liangqiu. Even though she was clearly an aged old lady, she looked just as joyous as a young girl.

“Grandmaster, you’ve become the only Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist of our Ancestral Martial Starfield. In the future, please look after me,” Even Wuming Xingyun spoke to congratulate Grandmaster Liangqiu.

As for Grandmaster Longxuan, he spoke in humor, “Grandmaster, even if you’ve become a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist now, I will still not hand over my disciple Chu Feng to you.”

Even though he said it like that, one could tell from Grandmaster Long Xuan’s appearance that he felt extreme joy for Grandmaster Liangqiu.

That said, in terms of feeling joyous, the one that was most happy, apart from Grandmaster Liangqiu, must be Liangqiu Chengfeng.

As Grandmaster Liangqiu’s disciple, Liangqiu Chengfeng naturally possessed a different sort of affection for Grandmaster Liangqiu.

“Master, congratulations,” Liangqiu Chengfeng’s words of congratulations were very short. However, he was more excited than anyone. Not only were his words of congratulations spoken with a vibrating tone, but even his body itself was shivering. In fact, even though he was already a grand character, his eyes had become moist.

Liangqiu Chengfeng was brought up by Grandmaster Liangqiu. He knew very well how much Grandmaster Liangqiu had invested for the sake of becoming a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

In fact, after successive failures, Grandmaster Liangqiu had already given up all hope, and believed that he would likely not be able to become a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist in his lifetime.

Yet, he had clearly succeeded at that moment.

Furthermore, only Liangqiu Chengfeng and Grandmaster Liangqiu knew how uneasy it was to obtain that success.

“Chengfeng, with your talent, you will one day also become a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.”

Grandmaster Liangqiu patted Liangqiu Chengfeng’s shoulder. He knew very well how much his disciple cared for him.

Then, Grandmaster Liangqiu looked to Grandmaster Long Xuan, Wuming Xingyun and Queen Mother Fox Immortal, “You three will also be able to become Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritists.”

“Grandmaster, even if you didn’t tell me that, I would still possess the confidence to become one.”

“Merely, after we successfully become Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritists, Grandmaster would’ve become a legendary God-cloak World Spiritist, no?” Grandmaster Long Xuan spoke with a smile on his face.

“God-cloak, was it?” Grandmaster Liangqiu’s gaze changed.

No matter how powerful a world spiritist might be, their strength would only be in terms of setting up spirit formations. If one wanted to set up a powerful spirit formation, one would have to exhaust a great amount of time.

If one were to fight head-on, a world spiritist’s battle power would simply not be able to match a martial cultivator’s.

For example, even though they were all Saint-cloak World Spiritists and extremely powerful existences among world spiritists, they would still be defeated instantly when fighting against Utmost Exalted-level experts using only their world spirit techniques.

However, if one could become a God-cloak World Spiritist, everything would change.

According to the legends, God-cloak World Spiritists were existences capable of contending against Half God-level martial cultivators.