Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3462 - Ten Apex Pillars

A vast crowd had surrounded the Nine Dragons Abnormal Sign Mound.

Even the sky was covered with people. In fact, there were many more people in the sky than on the ground. In fact, the higher the location, the more people there were.

After all, everyone knew that they would be able to see things more clearly when looking down from above.

High in the sky was the most optimal place to view the competition.

However, no one dared to enter a region in the sky that had the best view.

The reason for that was because that place was not a place that ordinary people were allowed to enter.

It was a region reserved for important guests. Only the people from the Starfield Master Realm, the Ten Great Heavenly Clans, the Three Clans, and the famous grand characters of the Ancestral Martial Starfield were allowed to be there.

Apart from the special guest region, there were some special constructions outside the Nine Dragons Abnormal Sign Mound.

There were ten pillars standing before the Nine Dragons Abnormal Sign Mound.

The ten pillars were all the same size. They were all ten thousand meters wide, and three hundred thousand meters tall.

Those pillars were so tall that they pierced far into the clouds.

If one were to look at those pillars from the ground, they would look like stairways to the heavens that connected heaven and earth.

There were elevated stages on top of the ten pillars.

Furthermore, the ten pillars were all inscribed with a name.

From left to right, they were respectively inscribed with... Linghu Hongfei, Linghu Yueyue, Linghu Tiemian, Tantai Xing’er, Linghu Mingye, Linghu Lun, Mengyan Wushuang, Tongtian Yuanmign, Tang Zhenghao and Li Anzhi.

......

Those ten erected pillars were naturally related to the selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars.

Although the Nine Dragons Abnormal Sign Mound was a crucial place for the selection of the Ancestral Martial Decastars, only a hundred people were actually able to enter it.

However, there was an enormous amount of younger generations in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. There were at least several hundred thousand participants in every selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars. In fact, during the time with the greatest number of participants, they amounted to more than ten million.

In recent years, more and more people knew their own capabilities, and no longer attempted to participate in the selection. Although the magnificent sight of ten million participants had never reappeared, there were several hundred thousand participants every time.

To select a hundred people to enter the Nine Dragons Abnormal Sign Mound from several hundred thousand participants was a rather time-consuming matter. For the sake of not wasting everyone’s time, the Starfield Master Realm set up a grand formation.

The grand formation served as a competition. The first hundred people that managed to exit that grand formation would be able to enter the Nine Dragons Abnormal Sign Mound.

As such, the grand formation was very cruel. The people of the younger generation that entered the grand formation would all have to experience a very cutthroat battle with one another. Only those with great strength would be able to rise above the others.

That said, the ten people of the younger generation that were selected as the Ancestral Martial Decastars previously would not need to participate in the fierce contest.

They were able to directly enter the Nine Dragons Abnormal Sign Mound, and did not have to scramble for a place amongst the hundred.

However, for the sake of fairness, if anyone refused to accept the ten people of the younger generations, they would be able to challenge them.

If they were able to defeat the person that they challenged, they would be able to stand atop their pillar. If they failed, they would lose their qualification to participate in the selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars.

That was the purpose of the ten pillars.

Because of that, the people even gave a name to the ten pillars.

They were known as the Apex Pillars.

As their name implied, only the people amongst the younger generations that possessed the apex of strength would be qualified to stand atop the ten Apex Pillars.

At that moment, many people were spiritedly discussing the ten Apex Pillars.

The reason for that was because they’d already gained two pieces of information. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Firstly, Linghu Hongfei would not be participating in the selection of the Ancestral Martial Decastars. That was a piece of news that had spread throughout the region many days before.

Just then, another piece of news had reached the crowd. People from the Li Heavenly Clan had arrived, and indicated that Li Anzhi would also not participate in the selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars due to closed-door training.

Those sorts of things had happened in the past too.

When such a thing occurred, the Starfield Master Realm would select a person of the younger generation that possessed both fame and strength to replace the absentee.

Because of this, the crowd were all making guesses as to who it might be that would replace Linghu Hongfei and Li Anzhi.

Whilst the crowd were all making guesses, their guesses were mainly people from major powers.

For example, they were guessing people from the Linghu Heavenly Clan, the Tantai Heavenly Clan and the Jiaoli Heavenly Clan.

Amongst them, three people were acknowledged by the crowd the most.

They were respectively the Tantai Heavenly Clan’s Tantai Que, the Jiaoli Heavenly Clan’s strongest genius Jiaoli Qiushui, and the Shangfang Heavenly Clan’s strongest genius Shangfang Han.

There was no need to doubt how powerful the Tantai Heavenly Clan was. After all, they were the publicly accepted second strongest among the Ten Great Heavenly Clans.

In fact, both the Jiaoli Heavenly Clan and Shangfang Heavenly Clan were ranked amongst the best within the Ten Great Heavenly Clans. This was especially true for the Jiaoli Heavenly Clan, as their clan was led by an Utmost Exalted-level expert. They were a very powerful clan inferior to only the Linghu Heavenly Clan and Tantai Heavenly Clan.

The entire Ancestral Martial Starfield knew how powerful these three Heavenly Clans were.

Unfortunately, although the older generations were very powerful, their recent years’ younger generations were lacking in talent.

That was also the reason that even though the younger generations from the Starfield Master Realm and the Three Cities did not participate in the selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars, the younger generations from certain major powers were still unable to gain any ranking.

That said, although they were defeated the last time around, Tantai Que, Jiaoli Qiushui and Shangfang Han were all known for their strength.

They were all people that were nearly capable of defeating Li Anzhi. This was especially true for Jiaoli Qiushui. She was Li Anzhi’s final opponent. Many people even felt that if Li Anzhi wasn’t lucky, he would’ve been defeated by Jiaoli Qiushui.

“Don’t you all forget about one person... that Wuma Shengjie,” suddenly, a voice sounded from the crowd that was discussing intensely among themselves.

“Right, although the Wuma Heavenly Clan is weak, that Wuma Shengjie is the prophesied child. Likely, he is no ordinary person.”

After that voice was heard, it was immediately met with approval from the crowd. Many people felt that Wuma Shengjie, with his current reputation, should be able to stand on the Apex Pillar.