Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3495 - Ranked First

“It’s the Lightning Armor. It is indeed the Lightning Armor. Amazing! He’s actually able to unseal the power of his Heavenly Bloodline at such a young age.”

“Child beloved by the heavens. Linghu Hongfei is truly worthy of being the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s child beloved by the heavens.”

“That talent of his is simply unparalleled, simply unparalleled!! Who would possibly dare to be unconvinced, possibly dare to be unconvinced?!!”

After verifying that the power Linghu Hongfei had unleashed was that of the Lightning Armor, the sea of people that filled the sky and ground immediately burst into a complete uproar.

Before the True Immortal realm, practically all Heavenly Bloodline possessors were capable of using the Lightning Armor.

However, after reaching the True Immortal realm, the power of the Lightning Armor was sealed.

There were countless experts in the Ancestral Martial Starfield that possessed Heavenly Bloodlines. However, even for those peak experts, not a single one of them was capable of unleashing the Lightning Armor.

From this, one could imagine how difficult it was to unseal its power.

Yet, Linghu Hongfei succeeded in doing so. In the eyes of the crowd, he had done something that no one else in the Ancestral Martial Starfield was capable of.

As such, how could they not be astonished by his talent?

In fact, at that moment, many people were no longer only looking at Linghu Hongfei as if they were looking at a genius. Instead, they were looking at him as if he was their hope.

That said, at the moment when the crowd were all astonished, Wuma Shengjie turned her gaze to where Chu Feng stood.

Even though the fighting stage was sealed away by devastating energy ripples, and it was impossible for Wuma Shengjie, with her level of cultivation, to see Chu Feng, her gaze was filled with deep meanings as she looked at the stage.

The reason for that was because she knew that, compared to Linghu Hongfei, who had managed to unseal the power of the Lightning Armor at the Exalted Realm, Chu Feng had long ago unsealed it at the cultivation of rank two Martial Immortal. It was merely that the crowd did not know about it.

At that moment, it was not only the crowd outside that were astonished. Even the female world spirit was quite surprised. She actually stopped her offensive, and even put a distance between herself and Linghu Hongfei. A trace of seriousness appeared in her eyes as she looked at him.

“Young lady, to be able to force me to such a state, you are truly powerful.”

“However, since I’ve used this ability, it would mean that I, Linghu Hongfei, have no choice but to take this match seriously too.”

“Young lady, are you prepared?” Linghu Hongfei was implying that he was not serious at all earlier, and that he would only be taking the match seriously from that moment onward.

Faced with Linghu Hongfei’s provocative words, the female world spirit remained ice-cold. She merely said, “Bring it on!”

“Woosh~~~”

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, two rays of gaseous flames soared into the sky. Linghu Hongfei and the female world spirit practically unleashed their attacks simultaneously, colliding with one another again.

In that very instant, heaven and earth started to quake violently. The energy ripples that surrounded the fighting stage were many times fiercer than before. Even the martial power that was containing the energy ripples wreaking havoc on the stage started to totter, seemingly on the verge of collapse. The people from the Starfield Master Realm were forced to strengthen the martial power seal again.

Everyone knew that both Linghu Hongfei and the female world spirit were completely serious this time around.

That said, even with that being the case, the crowd were all confident in Linghu Hongfei. The great majority of the crowd felt that Linghu Hongfei would win.

After all, the power that Linghu Hongfei had unsealed was power that no one else in the Ancestral Martial Starfield was capable of unsealing.

It was only later on that the crowd discovered that the power of the female world spirit surpassed their expectations.

The reason for that was because the fighting between Linghu Hongfei and the female world spirit ended up lasting for a total of seven days and seven nights.

Seven days and nights passed with energy ripples wreaking havoc throughout the fighting stage. Yet, the outcome of the battle still hadn’t been determined.

Under those conditions, Wuming Ken also returned to the Starfield Master Realm’s warship to discuss what to do.

After Wuming Ken exited the warship, he immediately announced that the participants on the four other fighting stages should begin their matches.

Another day passed.

Apart from the match between Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei, all the other participants had fought one another and determined victory and defeat.

Their rankings, from strongest to weakest, were Linghu Yueyue, Tantai Xing’er, Linghu Tiemian, Linghu Mingye, Linghu Lun, Mengyan Wushuang, Tongtian Yuanming and Tang Zhenghao.

Apart from the change in ranking between Tantai Xing’er and Linghu Tiemian, all the other rankings remained the same as before.

No, to be exact, all of the other rankings had changed too. For example, Tang Zhenghao had dropped from ninth to tenth.

Linghu Yueyue had also dropped from second to third.

The reason for all that was naturally because Chu Feng’s strength had attained everyone’s acknowledgement.

Regardless of what the outcome of the battle between Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei turned out to be, the first two rankings were already locked in by the two of them.

As matters stood, the selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars had practically come to a close.

The spectators were simply waiting for the match between Linghu Hongfei and Chu Feng to conclude. Once their match concluded, the final rankings would be determined.

Merely, no one expected the match between Linghu Hongfei and the female world spirit to still continue.

In the blink of an eye, two more days had passed. Furthermore, their match would soon reach the ten day mark.

In such a situation, the crowd was becoming more and more restless, more and more uneasy.

This was especially true for the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s younger generations and the people that detested Chu Feng. They became especially panicked.

The reason for that was because there was a rule to the selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars. If the two competitors could continue to fight for ten days without a conclusion, the match would end in a draw.

Merely, such a thing had never happened before.

However, that exact thing now seemed very close to happening right before their eyes.

“Is Chu Feng really going to be able to tie with Linghu Hongfei?”

Many people grew nervous. This included the people that supported Chu Feng, the people that had ber on Chu Feng, and the people that detested Chu Feng. Of course, this also included the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen.

If Chu Feng really ended up drawing with Linghu Hongfei, the two of them would take the first ranked spot simultaneously. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

For Chu Feng and the Chu Heavenly Clan, this would be an enormous honor.

However, for Linghu Hongfei and the Linghu Heavenly Clan, this would be a disgrace.

The reason for that was because Linghu Hongfei would no longer be the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s strongest younger generation should that happen.

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, a ray of light appeared in the air and enveloped the entire fighting stage.

After that ray of light appeared, everything on the fighting stage was restricted.

Linghu Hongfei and the female world spirit that were originally fighting were forced to stop.

The energy ripples wreaking havoc throughout the fighting stage also dissipated.

At that moment, the crowd were able to see that both Linghu Hongfei and the female world spirit were drenched with blood and covered in wounds. Their complexions were pale with cold sweat rolling down their skin.

While their injuries might be minor, the two of them seemed to have reached the limit of their stamina.

Actually, martial cultivators of their caliber should possess very abundant stamina. For them to appear so exhausted could only mean one thing -- the two of them were giving their all in the battle, holding nothing back for the sake of victory, and ultimately ended up exhausting themselves.

“Has the ten day time limit been reached?”

“That world spirit reached a tie with Linghu Hongfei? Are Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei really going to jointly take first place?”

“Or could it be that since Chu Feng has relied on the power of a world spirit, even if they end up in a tie, he can only be ranked second?”

The crowd all turned their eyes to Wuming Ken. They were all waiting for him to announce the answer.

“I hereby announce that in this year’s selection for the Ancestral Martial Decastars, Linghu Hongfei is ranked first,” said Wuming Ken.

“Well done!”

Once those words were spoken, all of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen, regardless of age or gender, all became extremely excited.

It was not only the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen. Those who detested Chu Feng were also rejoicing. They reacted as if the person who had obtained first place was them.

“Sure enough, no matter how powerful that female world spirit might be, she is not Chu Feng’s own strength. Even if they reach a tie, Chu Feng will still not be able to enjoy the honor of first place with Linghu Hongfei.”

“After fighting for a total of ten days and nights, after giving his all, in the end, he still only obtained second place?”

In that sort of situation, voices mocking Chu Feng began to sound from the crowd nonstop.

While some people were feeling joyous, others were feeling sad...

After Wuming Ken made his announcement, it meant that a conclusion had been reached. The people that supported Chu Feng, to a greater or lesser degree, revealed disappointed expressions.

This was especially true after they heard the voices mocking Chu Feng. Hearing those voices, they felt even more uncomfortable, more strifling.

Unfortunately, as the victor was king and the loser the thief, they could not say much about the matter, and could only choose to endure everything silently.

However, right at that moment, Wuming Ken opened his mouth again.

He only said four words. His voice was not very loud. Yet, they were like a sudden clap of thunder that exploded in everyone’s hearts!!!

The words spoken by Wuming Ken caused everyone’s expressions to transform in an instant.

“Chu Feng, ranked first!!!”