Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3555 - Charging Into The Dragon Pool Alone Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After he finished setting up the concealment formation, Chu Feng left the region.

However, Chu Feng did not immediately rush to find the Chu Heavenly Clansmen. Instead, he selected several soft-lipped Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen and began to extort a confession from them again.

Chu Feng was trying to rescue people. However, attempting to rescue people from the hands of the Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen would be equivalent to charging into a dragon’s pool or a tiger’s den.

Chu Feng needed to gain as much information about them as he could. The more he understood the Blood-devouring Demon Clan, the better.

Only through this could Chu Feng gain more certainty of success.

After a series of detailed inquiries, Chu Feng finally set off.

He began to proceed toward the northwestern region of the Void Sacred Tree.

There was a Blood-devouring Demon Clan camp at that place. The people that they captured were all sent over to that camp.

After a series of cruel tortures and extremely detailed questioning, Chu Feng learned the strength of the Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen inside the Void Sacred Tree.

In fact, it could even be said that Chu Feng had learned all the information known to those Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen that he had captured.

Chu Feng had learned that the strongest expert in the Blood-devouring Demon Clan was their Clan Chief. Reportedly, he was only a bit away from becoming an Utmost Exalted.

Although he was also only a peak Exalted, he possessed overwhelming power, and was unrivaled among those of the same cultivation.

Apart from their clan chief, there was also a vice clan chief. He too was a peak Exalted that could not be looked down upon.

Under the clan chief and vice clan chief were ten protectors.

Of the ten protectors, nine were rank eight Exalted, and the tenth individual was also a peak Exalted.

Apart from the twelve of them, there were three hundred and thirty-one Exalted-level experts that had entered the Void Sacred Tree.

On paper, the Blood-devouring Demon Clan truly could not be looked down upon. In fact, they could even be said to be filled with powerful experts.

After all, the number of Exalted-level experts that the Chu Heavenly Clan possessed could be countered with one’s fingers.

The fact that the Blood-devouring Demon Clan had all those Exalted level experts meant that they truly had a lot of talented individuals within their clan.

This was especially true in terms of their clan chief. Reportedly, he could already sense the junction to make a breakthrough, and was truly only a little bit away from becoming an Utmost Exalted.

Utmost Exalted, there were only how many of them in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield?

If the Blood-devouring Demon Clan’s Clan Chief truly managed to become an Utmost Exalted, the Blood-devouring Demon Clan would be comparable to a giant monster like the Tantai Heavenly Clan.

At that time, the Demon Clan that had disappeared for many years would once again become existences of fear for the people of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

That said, what was most terrifying about the Blood-devouring Demon Clan was the fact that, in addition to their powerful experts of the younger generation, the people of their younger generation were even more outstanding.

After a cruel and detailed interrogation, Chu Feng learned that three people were the most outstanding among all the Blood-devouring Demon Clan’s excellent talents.

Those three people were all siblings.

The sister was the youngest. Her name was Zhang Shirui. Reportedly, Zhang Shirui was quite a beauty. She was so beautiful that people from both the younger and older generation were very fond of her.

She was truly pleasant to look at.

That said, as the saying went, one cannot judge a book by its cover. That Zhang Shirui was a perfect example of that.

Although she looked very harmless, she was extremely ruthless. Even the people of the Blood-devouring Demon Clan, people that followed a demonic path, would show fear on their faces when mentioning her.

The reason why Zhang Shirui was said to be ruthless was because she was fond of torturing her fellow clansmen whenever she felt displeased.

That said, the method by which Zhang Shirui tortures her clansmen was not through direct physical injuries. Instead, it was through her mouth.

Zhang Shirui’s mouth differed from the masses to begin with. Even the martial skill that she trained in was trained using her mouth.

The Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen were all fearless people. However, practically everyone was afraid of Zhang Shirui’s mouth.

Reportedly, even without using martial skills or martial techniques, Zhang Shirui was capable of cursing one to death just by speaking. That’s right, she could curse one to death. Being cursed out by her could cause one’s soul to shatter and body to explode.

Although Zhang Shirui had a vicious mouth, she was exceptionally talented, and already a rank nine Martial Immortal at her young age.

As for the middle sibling of the three, his name was Zhang Boyi. That Zhang Boyi was a strange man. The tortured Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen did not mention why Zhang Boyi was strange. They seemed to find it very difficult to mention the reason. Chu Feng also did not ask too much about it. After all, that was not something that he cared about.

That said, Chu Feng had learned that Zhang Boyi was also very strong. Like Zhang Shirui, he was also a peak Martial Immortal. However, he seemed to be stronger than Zhang Shirui.

That said, in terms of talent, the strongest of the three would be the eldest brother, Zhang Yanfeng.

That Zhang Yanfeng was extremely handsome and narcissistic. He considered himself to be the most handsome young man in the world. Normally, it would not be wrong to call Zhang Yanfeng a handsome young man. Merely, there was a shortcoming to him; he had an extremely large head. To be exact, it was the back of his head that was very large.

Even if he had a very handsome look, if his head was particularly large, it would not be proportional with the rest of his body.

Since he was a cultivator, changing his appearance should be a very simple task. Decreasing the size of his head was not difficult at all.

Yet, Zhang Yanfeng never intended to change the size of his head. The reason for that was because he was so narcissistic that he felt that every single part of him was perfect, that not a single thing about him could be changed, including that unusually large head, because it too was exceptionally perfect.

That said, ignoring his narcissism, Zhang Yanfeng’s strength could not be looked down upon.

Zhang Yanfeng was a rank one Exalted.

Currently, the great majority of the people in the Ancestral Martial Starfield felt that, of the people of the younger generation, only Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei were Exalted-level experts.

Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei were also deemed to be demon-level geniuses because of that.

Since that Zhang Yanfeng possessed strength on par with Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei, he was naturally also a demon-level genius.

To put it in a nutshell, the three strongest geniuses of the Blood-devouring Demon Clan were three weirdos. Yet, they were all people that possessed demon-level talent.

As for the greatest news that Chu Feng learned, it was that all of the experts in the camp had left to capture people. Amongst the people that remained as guards for the prisoners, the strongest were the three siblings.

Thus, as long as Chu Feng could defeat the three siblings, he would be able to rescue the people captured by the Blood-devouring Demon Clan.

Furthermore, those three siblings were very important people to the Blood-devouring Demon Clan, and deemed as their future. Thus, Chu Feng felt that if he could capture the three siblings, he might be able to threaten the entire Blood-devouring Demon Clan.

As the saying went, when striking a snake, one must strike seven inches below its head. It was very possible that those three siblings were the lifeline of the Blood-devouring Demon Clan.

[1. It’s a chinese saying that one must hit the vital part of an animal to defeat it.]

After journeying for some time, a very spacious and empty region appeared before Chu Feng.

It was quite difficult to find such a spacious and empty region in the Void Sacred Tree covered in tree branches.

That said, there was an enormous gate in the center of that empty region.

That gate was three thousand meters in length, and eight hundred meters in width.

Furthermore, that gate was formed through countless branches tied up to one another. Chu Feng was able to tell that those were all branches from the Void Sacred Tree.

The gate looked quite strange and baffling. Yet, it also gave off a slight feeling of being sacred.

Chu Feng knew that it must be the gate that the Blood-devouring Demon Clan were intending to open.

However, the gate was merely a decoration at that moment. It was not an actual functional gate.

“Strange, why isn’t there anything here?”

Logically, since Chu Feng already had a countermeasure to rescue the captured people and had also arrived at his destination, he should be feeling joyous.

However, Chu Feng was unable to feel joyous. Not only was there no trace of joy on his face, but his brows were instead furrowed into a frown.

He had discovered that there was only a gate formed by the interweaving of tree branches in that vast and spacious region, and nothing else.

From a glance, it appeared extremely strange.