Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3565 - Falling Into A Trap

Under the Heaven’s Eyes, everything became clear. The range of Chu Feng’s vision extended enormously.

With his Heaven’s Eyes active, Chu Feng was able to see that there were three peak Exalted level experts fighting far away.

In addition to the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, the Tantai Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elder Tantai Yinjian was also one of the fighters.

Besides the two of them, the other peak Exalted level expert was someone wearing a black cloak.

That individual was extremely powerful.

The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian were acting together. Yet, they were unable to defeat him.

Both the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian had their Heaven level Lightning Mark activated.

Furthermore, they both held an Incomplete Exalted Armament in their hand.

The two of them had unleashed their battle power to their limits already. Chu Feng was unable to clearly see their various attacks. Yet, he was able to see the overwhelming might of their attacks.

However, even with this being the case, they were still unable to defeat that black-cloaked individual.

The battle was currently in a deadlock.

‘Could that person be the Blood-devouring Demon Clan’s Clan Chief?’ Chu Feng pondered. The reason why Chu Feng thought that might be the case was naturally because that black-cloaked individual was simply too powerful.

Of course, this was merely a guess. Chu Feng cannot be certain if that was the case either.

After all, the Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen said that their Lord Clan Chief was unrivaled by anyone Exalted.

Thus, Chu Feng knew that the Blood-devouring Demon Clan’s Clan Chief was very powerful. However, he does not know exactly how powerful he was. Thus, he was naturally unable to confirm his identity.

However, it should be mentioned that there was a large group of people behind the battlefield. Their number was so much that they surpassed several million.

The great majority of them belonged to the powers of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. However, there were also guests from the various powers all along the Ancestral Martial Starfield that entered the Void Sacred Tree together with the Chu Heavenly Clan.

Those people were all meticulously keeping a distance from the battle between the three peak Exalteds so as to avoid being implicated by their battle.

Chu Feng was able to understand why those people would be present. Likely, they were all people that had encountered the Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen and knew of how dangerous they were.

Among the crowd, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian were the strongest. Naturally, they became their final hope.

There was nothing else that could provide them with a greater sense of safety than following two peak Exalted level experts.

Thus, even though they knew that it was possible for the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian to be defeated, they still decide to follow after them.

After all, this was their final hope for safety.

If they were to follow them, there would still be a chance for survival. However, if they stopped following them, only death will await them.

In simpler terms, they were making a gambling; they were gambling that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian would be able to obtain victory.

‘They seemed to be approaching my location. Could it be on purpose?’

Through observation, Chu Feng was able to tell that the black-cloaked individual was currently leading the crowd toward his location. Even though he had concealed that very well, it was still discovered by Chu Feng.

Originally, Chu Feng was worried about the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief since his opponent was too strong.

He was pondering if he should advance forth and help them.

However, as this Blood-devouring Demon Clansman was deliberately luring the crowd toward him, it would instead help Chu Feng.

After all, Chu Feng had gained control over a portion of the Void Sacred Tree’s power already.

As long as that Blood-devouring Demon Clansman enter this region, Chu Feng would be able to easily subdue him.

Of course, since he was deliberately luring the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian here, he most likely also control the power of this place.

This was most likely a trap.

But, so what if it was a trap? So what if he also control the power of this place?

At the very most, they would compete with one another in their usage of the power of this place.

Chu Feng was rather confident in himself.

Even if he cannot match his rival, Chu Feng was not afraid.

After all, Zhang Yanfeng and his two siblings were still in Chu Feng’s possession.

Chu Feng knew very well how important Zhang Yanfeng and his siblings were to the Blood-devouring Demon Clan.

The Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen was a very unyielding bunch. For the sake of not exposing their clan’s goal, they would not hesitate to self-detonate.

Such a bunch of Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen watched on doing nothing as Zhang Yanfeng exposed their secrets to Chu Feng. Furthermore, not a single person criticized him. From that, it was obvious how important Zhang Yanfeng and his siblings were.

Thus, Chu Feng felt that Zhang Yanfeng, Zhang Boyi and Zhang Shirui were his trump cards against the Blood-devouring Demon Clan.

‘I shall see exactly what you’re trying to accomplish.’

Chu Feng did not continue to stay exposed in the open. Instead, he used a concealment formation and concealed himself.

Then, like Chu Feng expected, even though that black-cloaked individual was moving all around in a seemingly irregular manner, he was actually moving toward Chu Feng’s location.

After moving in a roundabout way for an entire hour, he finally succeeded and arrived upon this area.

Upon reaching this region, that black-cloaked individual suddenly said, “It’s time to stop.”

Once he spoke, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian both stopped.

“Didn’t the two fo you want to know why our Blood-devouring Demon Clan is capturing you all?”

“I will tell you all everything now.”

Then, that black-cloaked individual really ended up telling their goal.

He informed all that Chu Feng learned from Zhang Yanfeng to the crowd present.

Upon learning the truth, the people present, like Zhang Yanfeng’s captives from earlier, all expressed their disbelief.

They not only did not believe that Qin Kunlun was still alive, they also refused to believe that the Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen were framed.

In fact, many people started to curse out that black-cloaked individual.

After all, the battle from back then covered the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield. Practically all the powers were engaged in war.

Thus, many seniors to the people present were killed by the Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen. As such, they all possess deep hatred for the Blood-devouring Demon Clansmen.

“Hahaha. It doesn’t matter if you all believe me or not. I am telling you all this not because I wanted you all to believe me.”

“After all, this is simply unimportant since you will all be paying the price for what you did back then.”

After that black-cloaked individual finished saying those words, he moved his hand toward his chest. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“Buzz~~~”

The next moment, a stream of invisible power emerged from beneath the ground.

The Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian instantly lost their ability to stand in midair upon being struck by that power. Both of them fell to the ground.

After falling, they found it very difficult to even stand back up.

They felt extremely weak, as if they were badly ill. They were unable to even hold onto the weapon in their hand.

“What is going on?”

Horror filled the faces of the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian.

As for the bystanders, they were completely terrified.

One must know that the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief and Tantai Yinjian were their final hopes. Seeing that the two of them were both unable to continue fighting, the crowd were all in a panic.