Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3725 - Cancelation Of The Battle Appointment?

“Okay then.” Seeing that Chu Lingxi had made her decision, Chu Feng sighed, but did not attempt to persuade her anymore.

After all, everyone had their own opinion. Chu Feng decided to respect Chu Lingxi’s decision.

“Chu Feng, have you managed to grasp the Fire Qilin Talisman that my mother gave you?” asked Chu Lingxi.

“Not yet.” replied Chu Feng.

“Rather than wasting time here, it’s better that you quickly grasp the Fire Qilin Talisman.” Chu Lingxi spoke these words with a feeling of disappointment in addition to the feeling of pain she had for Chu Feng.

“I will make sure to grasp it.” Chu Feng said with a smile.

“That said, it doesn’t really matter. After all... the battle appointment between you and Linghu Hongfei has been canceled.” said Chu Lingxi.

“Canceled?” Chu Feng felt rather surprised to hear that. He hurriedly asked, “Lingxi, what happened?”

“Grandmaster Liangqiu received news. If you’re curious, you can go ask them.” As Chu Lingxi spoke, she began to fly out the palace hall.

Chu Feng hurriedly followed after her and arrived at the palace that Grandmaster Liangqiu, Gu Mingyuan and Chu Xuanzhengfa were staying in.

“Chu Feng, you... why are you in such poor health?”

Grandmaster Liangqiu and Gu Mingyuan were immediately worried upon seeing the current Chu Feng.

They had not been able to see him since he began the process of assimilating with his Divine Power. They did not know how he was doing.

To suddenly see Chu Feng in such poor health, they would naturally feel worried.

“Don’t worry, he did that to himself. That’s the price he has to pay in order to obtain Divine Power.” Chu Lingxi explained. She didn’t look very happy, and she spoke with a slightly complaining tone.

She firmly believe that the Ox-nosed Old Daoist was a scam. Thus, she truly did not wish for Chu Feng to continue.

Yet, Chu Feng insisted on continuing. Because of that, she was displeased.

“Chu Feng, maybe it’s better that you forget about it. This old man has known that Ox-nose longer than you. He is truly unreliable,” Grandmaster Liangqiu spoke with a look of pain on his face.

“Chu Feng, Grandmaster Liangqiu wouldn’t lie to you. That Ox-nose is extremely notorious to begin with. Besides you, likely no one in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield would believe him.”

Gu Mingyuan also had a look of pain.

Chu Feng did not answer them. He merely smiled.

However, his smile answered them.

Chu Feng was still planning to persist.

Seeing Chu Feng like that, they no longer attempted to persuade him. Most importantly, they did not want to make things awkward for Chu Feng.

“Grandmaster Liangqiu, I’ve heard that Linghu Hongfei has canceled his appointment to fight me? What’s going on?” asked Chu Feng.

“I also do not know what exactly happened. It is merely news that I received from Chengfeng. It stated that Linghu Hongfei has canceled the battle appointment.”

“Likely, some sort of trouble has occurred in the battle between the Linghu Heavenly Clan and the Starfield Master Realm.”

“After all, their opponent is the Wuming Clan that has ruled over the Ancestral Martial Starfield for many years,” said Grandmaster Liangqiu.

“Is that so?” Chu Feng felt Grandmaster Liangqiu’s words to be very reasonable.

“However, this is a good thing. You will be able to set yourself at ease and train here for a while. After all, you believe that Ox-nose.” Grandmaster Liangqiu said with a faint smile.

“The battle appointment is not something that he can cancel just because he wants to. Even if he cancels the battle, what he has done to Lingxi cannot be written off with a single stroke. Sooner or later, I will find him to settle the debt.” said Chu Feng.

“It’s better that I settle my business myself. I will personally defeat him.” said Chu Lingxi.

“In that case, I will defeat him again after you’ve defeated him.” said Chu Feng.

“If I defeat him, I will directly kill him. You won’t have a chance to defeat him,” said Chu Lingxi.

“That’s fine. As long as you can obtain your revenge.” Chu Feng said with a faint smile.

“Chu Feng, I’m planning to leave with Lingxi. We will be returning to our Ten Thousand Provinces Ancient Clan.” said Gu Mingyuan.

Following her, Chu Xuanzhengfa said, “Chu Feng, I am also going to return.”

“That’s fine,” Chu Feng nodded. He did not ask too much about things.

Chu Feng felt that they might not necessarily have urgent matters that they must leave for. Likely, they simply did not wish to continue to stay. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After all, they deeply detested the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

That said, Chu Feng actually did not want them to stay either. Thus, them leaving would suit him.

“Chu Feng, before leaving, I have something that I must tell you. Let us talk in private,” Gu Mingyuan said all of a sudden.

“Okay.” Chu Feng hurriedly answered.

Then, Gu Mingyuan brought Chu Feng to a quiet place.

Only Chu Feng and Gu Mingyuan were there.

“Chu Feng, I know that you’re very stubborn. However, I still wish to urge you.”

“If, after seventy-nine days have passed...”

Before Gu Mingyuan could finish, Chu Feng interrupted, “Senior, if you want to tell me to give up on saving Senior Zhu, please don’t.”

“Chu Feng, I merely do not wish for you to throw your life away in vain. If even that Senior Zhu is unable to safely return from the Mirror Core, how could you possibly save him?” said Gu Mingyuan.

“Senior, one must do what one believes to be correct. Otherwise, one’s life would have no purpose, and it would be better to be dead.”

“If I am to give up on Senior Zhu, I, Chu Feng, will never be able to be at ease for the rest of my life.”

“Thus, senior, please don’t attempt to persuade me. Instead, allow me to persuade you.” said Chu Feng.

“Persuade me?” Gu Mingyuan was slightly startled upon hearing those words. She was confused by what Chu Feng wanted to persuade her of.

“Senior, if I guess correctly, you must have feelings for senior Chu Xuanzhengfa, no?”

“Senior, you don’t have to try to deny it. I saw your feelings for him back then.” said Chu Feng.

“It’s better that you don’t involve yourself in the matters of adults,” said Gu Mingyuan.

“Senior, you clearly like senior Chu Xuanzhengfa. Why do you treat him so coldly?” asked Chu Feng.

“Chu Feng, while affection and feelings exist in this world, reality is, nevertheless, unavoidable.”

“Since my youth, I’ve wanted to find a powerful cultivator to protect me.”

“I’ve made a target that my husband must be stronger than me. Otherwise, I would rather not be married.”

“I know that Lingxi has told you about the matter between Chu Xuanzhengfa and I.”

“I will not conceal this matter from you. Back then, Chu Xuanzhengfa and I were the only two people in that ancient formation.”

“I had attempted to forcibly exit that ancient formation multiple times. During all those times, he saved me repeatedly. On several occasions, he nearly lost his life for the sake of saving mine.”

“Truth be told, under that sort of special circumstance, I indeed ended up falling for him back then.”

“I’ve even thought about marrying him just like that.”

“That is also how Lingxi came to be.”

“However, after we left the ancient formation and returned to the Ancestral Martial Starfield, after everything returned to normal, I realized that I was still unable to accept him.”

“In such a cruel martial cultivation world, one will only possess the right to speak should one possess strength.”

“Thus, I am unable to accept a man who’s weaker than myself.” said Gu Mingyuan.