Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3728 - Fusing With The Fire Qilin Talisman

“Exalted Taboo Martial Skill?” The expression in Chu Feng’s eyes changed upon hearing those words.

As a martial cultivator, Chu Feng had trained in many different martial skills. For example, he had trained in Imperial Taboo Martial Skills and Immortal Taboo Martial Skills.

Thus, merely by hearing its name, Chu Feng knew what an Exalted Taboo Martial Skill was.

It was obvious that the scroll contained a martial skill that not even Exalted-level experts could manage.

It was a martial skill that surpassed both Immortal Taboo Martial Skills and Immortal Techniques.

To the current Chu Feng, that was something that would greatly empower him.

Because of that, Chu Feng became extremely excited.

“That should be an Exalted Taboo Martial Skill. In the past, this old man obtained a similar scroll.”

“As for that scroll, what it contained was none other than an Exalted Taboo Martial Skill.”

“That being said, judging from the scroll, it seems like your Exalted Taboo Martial Skill is even more powerful than that one.”

“Thus, this old man is unable to open it either.”

“That being said, Chu Feng, this old man is capable of giving you one that you can learn.”

As the Ox-nosed Old Daoist spoke, he took out a white scroll from his Cosmos Sack and handed it to Chu Feng.

That scroll was extremely small -- only the size of a fingernail. It was completely white, and emitting a glimmer. It seemed like it was made of white jade.

Although it was extremely small, it was also extremely exquisite. Merely by looking at it with his naked eye, Chu Feng knew that it contained something extraordinary.

Furthermore, five words were carved onto the scroll - Exalted Taboo: Heavenly Fate Seal!!!

If the scroll that his father left might be an Exalted Taboo Martial Skill, then the scroll that the Ox-nosed Old Daoist gave Chu Feng was truly an Exalted Taboo Martial Skill.

“Senior, this is too precious. This junior...”

Chu Feng found it difficult to accept. However, before he could finish his words, the Ox-nosed Old Daoist pointed with his finger, and the Exalted Taboo: Heavenly Fate Seal turned into a ray of light that shot into Chu Feng’s forehead.

In the next instant, the cultivation method for the Exalted Taboo: Heavenly Fate Seal had completely entered Chu Feng’s brain. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, that was not what was important. What was important was that another power had appeared in Chu Feng’s body.

It was the power of the Exalted Taboo: Heavenly Fate Seal.

In order to grasp the Exalted Taboo: Heavenly Fate Seal, one must train around that power.

If he didn’t possess that power, even if Chu Feng knew the method to cultivate the Exalted Taboo: Heavenly Fate Seal, he would not be able to gain mastery over it.

In other words, the Exalted Taboo: Heavenly Fate Seal could only be learned by Chu Feng.

“Senior, how... am I supposed to thank you for this?”

Chu Feng had not expected the Ox-nosed Old Daoist, someone who seemed like an unscrupulous businessman, to be willing to help him like that.

Without even needing to think about it, Chu Feng knew that Exalted Taboo Martial Skills were extremely precious.

However, the Ox-nosed Old Daoist actually gave such a precious item to Chu Feng like that.

“It’s merely an Exalted Taboo Martial Skill. Compared to you helping me obtain the Battle God’s Halberd, it is nothing at all. Besides, that is only a rank one Exalted Taboo,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“Rank one Exalted Taboo?”

“Senior, Exalted Taboos differ by strength?” Chu Feng asked in a very curious manner.

Chu Feng had trained in Immortal Taboo Martial Skills before. Although Immortal Taboo Martial Skills also differed by strength, they were not categorized into different categories according to their power.

However, Immortal Techniques had clear-cut categorizations.

And, judging from the words spoken by the Ox-nosed Old Daoist, Exalted Taboo Martial Skills also possessed such categorizations.

“Of course. You should know a bit about Immortal Techniques, right?”

“True Immortals are capable of learning rank one to rank three Immortal Techniques.”

“Heavenly Immortals are capable of learning rank four to rank six Immortal Techniques.”

“As for rank seven to rank nine Immortal Techniques, only Martial Immortals are capable of learning them.”

“Upon reaching the Exalted realm, there is no such thing as Exalted Techniques. Thus, the only thing one can learn are Exalted Taboo Martial Skills.”

“Like Immortal Techniques, Exalted Taboo Martial Skills are also divided into nine ranks,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“Because of that, rank one to rank three Exalted Taboos can be learned by Exalteds, rank four to six Exalted Taboos can be learned by Utmost Exalted, and rank seven to nine Exalted Taboos are only able to be trained by Martial Exalteds?” asked Chu Feng.

“That’s precisely it. However, the Ancestral Martial Starfield is simply too destitute of resources. Even rank one Exalted Taboos are extremely scarce here. Only the major powers possess rank one Exalted Taboos. As for rank two Exalted Taboos, I’ve never seen anyone use one before.”

“Because of that, Exalted Taboos are indeed very precious in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.”

“That said, they are only precious in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.”

“For the powerful starfields of the Holy Light Galaxy, Exalted Taboo Martial Skills are not at all precious.”

“That being said, Exalted Taboos are very difficult to learn. Although it is theorized that rank one to rank three Exalted Taboos can be learned by Exalted-level cultivators, it is actually extremely amazing if an Exalted-level cultivator is able to learn a rank one Exalted Taboo.”

“As for being able to learn a rank two Exalted Taboo, they number in the very few.”

“As for rank three Exalted Taboos, I’ve never seen anyone able to learn that at the Exalted realm. In fact, it is quite difficult for even Utmost Exalted-level cultivators to learn them.”

“Furthermore, Exalted Taboo Martial Skills are different from other martial techniques.”

“Not only is one capable of determining how powerful they are by its aura, but one can also determine the rank of the Exalted Taboo from its color,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“Senior, how does one determine the Exalted Taboos’ ranks?” asked Chu Feng.

“It’s very simple. Exalted Taboos are different from other martial techniques in that they are not that showy.

“Exalted Taboo martial Skills are very clear-cut. Whilst the appearance of the various Exalted Taboos can take various forms, their colors are fixed.”

“From weak to strong, they are respectively white, gray, silver, cyan, blue, purple, red, black and gold, these nine colors,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng learned that the ranks of Exalted Taboo Martial Skills could be determined by their color.

A rank one Exalted Taboo would be white.

Rank two was gray.

Rank three was silver.

Rank four was cyan.

Rank five was blue.

Rank six was purple.

Rank seven was red.

Rank eight was black.

And rank nine was gold.

At that moment, Chu Feng was unable to keep himself from looking at the scroll left by his father.

That scroll was silver.

“Senior, could it be that the Exalted Taboo Martial Skill contained inside this scroll is a rank three Exalted Taboo?” asked Chu Feng.

“That’s not for certain," the Ox-nosed Old Daoist smiled. Then, he said, to Chu Feng, “It would do now that you’ve gained a rough understanding of Exalted Taboos. As for this Exalted Taboo this old man has given you, you can take your time learning it.”

“Right now... this old man will help you fuse with this Fire Qilin Talisman.”

“Snap~~~”

After saying those words, the Ox-nosed Old Daoist broke the jade pendant in his hand.

Then, he soared into the sky.

“Roooarrr~~~”

Suddenly, a furious roar was heard.

A huge monster appeared in the palace hall, flying above.

It was a qilin composed of red gaseous flames!!!

That fire qilin was extremely ferocious. It was showing overwhelming hostility towards Chu Feng.

However, the fire qilin was fixed in midair. It was the Ox-nosed Old Daoist; he had restricted its movements.

“Chu Feng, if this old man is to help you, you will be able to quickly obtain the power of this Fire Qilin Talisman.”

“However, this process will be a little painful. You must prepare yourself,” the Ox-nosed Old Daoist said to Chu Feng.

“Senior, please go ahead.”

Chu Feng pulled open his clothes and revealed his naked chest.

Although Chu Feng had never attempted to fuse with the Fire Qilin Talisman before, he knew the method to do so.

The method was to release the Fire Qilin from the Fire Qilin Talisman and then assimilate it into one’s chest.

“Here I go!!!”

The Ox-nosed Old Daoist crossed his hands and pointed toward Chu Feng’s chest. Then, he shouted, “Merge!!!”

In the next moment, the Fire Qilin turned into a fiery ray of light that shot straight towards Chu Feng’s chest!!!