Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3734 - Four Symbols Divine Beasts

Right after Chu Feng closed his eyes, the surrounding region began to change.

Not even Grandmaster Liangqiu was able to describe what sort of change was happening.

It was only when the golden clouds appeared in the violently raining sky that Grandmaster Liangqiu became particularly excited.

The bright golden clouds spread as far as the eye could see.

Those golden clouds were not what shocked Grandmaster Liangqiu. Instead, it was the images of four enormous beings that could be seen in the golden clouds.

They were four giant creatures.

The ferocious White Tiger.

The steady Black Tortoise.

The graceful Vermilion Bird.

The proud Azure Dragon.

Four enormous figures had covered the entire sky.

The aura emitted by their bodies, the aura of rulers among beasts, was truly shocking.

“Are those a Divine Power?”

“This is the first time I’ve seen such a powerful Divine Power.”

“Brother Zhu, you gave Chu Feng such a Divine Power?”

Seeing the stunning sight in the sky, even the experienced and knowledgeable Grandmaster Liangqiu was completely covered in shock.

“You can call me Ox-nose. After all, Ox-nose is my true body,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“Ox...” Grandmaster Liangqiu sighed.

“Allow me to continue to address you as brother Zhu.”

He felt it easier to continue to address the Ox-nosed Old Daoist as brother Zhu.

It wasn’t that he was unable to address the Ox-nosed Old Daoist as Ox-nose. Merely, he was filled with hostility towards the Ox-nosed Old Daoist before. He held so much hostility that he was hostile toward even the name ‘Ox-nose’.

“Forget about it. Call me whatever you want.”

Seeing Grandmaster Liangqiu like that. the Ox-nosed Old Daoist felt rather helpless.

“This Divine Power is not my doing. It is Chu Feng’s own possession,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“His own possession? Could it be... that boy was planning to fuse with a Divine Power long ago, and specifically went out of his way to obtain it? But, such a powerful Divine Power, where did he obtain it?” Grandmaster Liangqiu felt very curious.

“It should be from the Lower Realms,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“Lower Realms? That shouldn’t be possible, no?”

Grandmaster Liangqiu shook his head repeatedly.

In his opinion, the Lower Realms were desolate places inhabited by a bunch of people that did not possess any talent for martial cultivation.

How could the Lower Realms possibly contain such a powerful Divine Power?

“Liangqiu, this is why you’re slow-witted.”

“You must not look down on the Lower Realms. That Universal Core is also something that I obtained from a Lower Realm," the Ox-nosed Old Daoist said to Grandmaster Liangqiu.

“Truly?!” Grandmaster Liangqiu felt utter disbelief upon hearing those words.

“Of course. Why would I lie about that?” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“But, the martial power of the Lower Realms is so very thin. How could it possibly condense into such a marvelous natural oddity?” Grandmaster Liangqiu was still skeptical.

“That’s why the martial cultivation world is so wondrous.”

“If everything could be explained through common sense, what delight would be left in this world?” asked the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

Hearing those words, Grandmaster Liangqiu felt them to be rather reasonable.

“It would appear that this old man still has a lot of things that I need to learn from you.”

“In the future, I shall go on a journey through the Lower Realms.”

After Grandmaster Liangqiu finished saying those words, he turned his gaze back to the four Divine Beasts in the sky.

Those four Divine Beasts were only images. Yet, they appeared very vivid and lifelike. Their majestic sacred auras filled the land beneath them. Even someone like Grandmaster Liangqiu felt reverence for them upon feeling their auras.

At that moment, Chu Feng was inside the dantian space created by that Universal Core.

Inside that dantian, his consciousness found itself in a boundless world.

The sky there was filled with stars. It seemed like the boundless martial cultivation world.

In his other dantian, Chu Feng was able to see the nine enormous lightning beasts.

The nine enormous lightning beasts in his other dantian never paid any attention to him.

However, the Four Symbols Divine Beasts in this dantian were completely different.

“Four seniors, it’s been a long time.”

Seeing the four symbols appearing before him again, Chu Feng felt joy from the bottom of his heart.

Memories began to appear in his mind.

Those were the memories of Chu Feng’s youth.

That period of time was incomparably precious to him.

During that period of time, apart from Her Lady Queen, the Four Symbols Divine Beasts had also provided enormous help to him.

Thus, to Chu Feng, the Four Symbols Divine Beasts possessed extraordinary significance.

“Chu Feng, never would I have imagined that you’d actually really manage to return the four of us back to being a Divine Power.”

The Four Symbols Divine Beasts were clearly sacred beings that stood high and above. Yet, when they looked at Chu Feng, they showed no sign of arrogance, and were instead filled with gratitude.

“Four seniors, that is something that this junior had promised you four before. It is only natural that I accomplish it,” said Chu Feng.

“Haha, we know your character very well.”

“Speaking of it, you were still only a boy when we first met you in the Nine Provinces Continent. You were so weak that I did not pay any attention to you at all. At that time, never did I ever imagine that you’d be able to grow to your current level.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Seeing you today, it was truly not a mistake that we’ve chosen you. You have already far surpassed our expectations of you.”

The Four Symbols Divine Beasts were filled with emotions when they looked at the current Chu Feng.

Chu Feng’s transformation was simply too enormous.

Back in the Nine Provinces Continent, there were people of the younger generation that could contend against Chu Feng.

However now, the disparity between those people and Chu Feng was simply as vast as the heavens from the earth.

In the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm, those people would still be peak existences.

However, Chu Feng had transformed into a giant dragon and soared past the ninth heaven.

“Seniors are flattering me. In the future, this junior will need to rely on four seniors’ assistance,” said Chu Feng.

“Those are precisely the words we’re waiting for.”

“Chu Feng, we’ve remained in your body throughout all these years. Thus, we’ve witnessed your growth. We saw the dangers you’ve encountered, yet were unable to help you. That feeling of powerlessness is truly unpleasant.”

“However now, the situation is different. You are finally able to utilize our power again.”

“Go ahead and use our power to your heart’s content. We’ve waited for this day for a long, long time...”

The Four Symbols Divine Beasts were all extremely excited. It could be seen that they had been yearning for this day for a long time.

Like the Four Symbols Divine Beasts that were extremely excited after regaining their power, Chu Feng was also extremely excited.

After all, to him and to them, this was a matter of extraordinary significance, a matter that could change their fate.