Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3736 - An Unprecedented Grand Occasion

“Ah? It’s actually that weak?”

Chu Feng felt completely shaken up upon hearing those words.

Actually, Chu Feng was not interested in the Holy Light Galaxy.

The place that he wanted to go to the most was the Seven Realms Galaxy.

Located in that place was the power that his mother belonged to, the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion.

The reason why Chu Feng wanted to go to the Seven Realms Galaxy was because he wanted to save his mother.

However, his father had once told him that the Seven Realms Galaxy was stronger than the Holy Light Galaxy.

If Chu Feng wanted to proceed for the Seven Realms Galaxy, he must at least make a name for himself in the Holy Light Galaxy.

At the very least, his cultivation could not be too weak. Otherwise, even if he managed to reach the Seven Realms Galaxy, he would not be able to accomplish anything.

Over the years, Chu Feng had been trying his hardest to train. Compared to ordinary people, his cultivation had increased rapidly.

However, although he had managed to become a peak level existence among the people of the younger generation, Chu Feng was still extremely weak in terms of being placed among the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

And now, to his surprise, he learned that the Ancestral Martial Starfield was actually such a small and weak starfield in the Holy Light Galaxy.

This made Chu Feng once again realize the massive disparity in strength.

When he was unable to establish a footing for himself in such a weak Ancestral Martial Starfield, how exactly was he supposed to proceed to the Seven Realms Galaxy to take on their ruler?

At that moment, the name ‘Seven Realms Galaxy’ was like an enormous mountain ruthlessly crushing down on Chu Feng, stifling him.

“Do you now know how honored you are to be able to become this old man’s disciple?” the Ox-nosed Old Daoist asked with a beaming smile.

“Senior, this junior will accomplish the mission senior gave me. That said, does this junior need to come and find you after I have completed the mission?” asked Chu Feng.

“You don’t need to attempt to find me. You will not be able to find me anyways. You merely need to wait for me to find you,” said the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

“In that case, this junior understands.”

“Senior, if there’s nothing else that you need from me, this junior shall take his leave.”

Chu Feng put away the map and clasped his fist respectfully towards the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

He was in a hurry to leave because it was about time for him to return to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

If he didn’t leave, even if Grandmaster Liangqiu were to lead the way, he would not be able to return on time.

“Go ahead.” The Ox-nosed Old Daoist waved his hand.

Seeing that, Chu Feng bowed to the Ox-nosed Old Daoist again. Then, he started flying towards the Ancient Era’s Teleportation Formation.

“Wait.”

“Woosh~~~”

However, right after Chu Feng began flying, before he could even fly far away, a ray of light rapidly flew toward him from behind.

It was the Ox-nosed Old Daoist. He had tossed something toward Chu Feng.

Chu Feng extended his hand to catch the item. Upon catching the item... he discovered that it was a wooden stick.

That said, it was no ordinary wooden stick.

The wooden stick was two feet long and covered in runes and symbols.

Holding the wooden stick in his hand, Chu Feng was able to sense how amazing of an item it was.

That wooden stick actually contained a spirit formation. It was an extremely powerful spirit formation.

How powerful was that spirit formation???

One would have to talk about how worried Chu Feng was.

Chu Feng would not only confront Linghu Hongfei upon his return to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. His greatest problem was actually the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

The Linghu Heavenly Clan was able to defeat the Wuming Clan. From this, it was obvious how powerful they were.

However, after Chu Feng sensed the power of the spirit formation within that wooden stick, the worry in his heart immediately decreased a lot.

This was why the wooden stick was so powerful. It served as a safety guarantee for Chu Feng. With that, he felt much more relieved.

With a smile on his face, Chu Feng said to the Ox-nosed Old Daoist, “Senior, it would appear that you do not have confidence in me either.”

Chu Feng felt that the Ox-nosed Old Daoist must’ve specifically prepared such a powerful spirit formation for him.

In the end, the Ox-nosed Old Daoist was still worried for him.

“What’s with all these superfluous words? If you don’t want it, you can very well return it to this old man,” the Ox-nosed Old Daoist said from afar. He even extended his hand to indicate for Chu Feng to return the wooden stick.

“I want it, I never said that I didn’t want it.”

“Since you’ve given it to me, it’s mine now,” Chu Feng hurriedly put away the wooden stick. Then, he immediately left.

He was afraid that the Ox-nosed Old Daoist would have a change of mind, and decide to retrieve that precious treasure of a wooden stick...

......

Ancestral Martial Starfield. Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm,

This was originally a very ordinary and even somewhat lousy Upper Realm in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Normally, apart from the powers of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, very few powers would travel to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

However, it was different at this moment.

The Tantai Heavenly Clan, Jiaoli Heavenly Clan, Moyi Heavenly Clan, Shangfang Heavenly Clan, Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan, Wuma Heavenly Clan, Puyang Heavenly Clan, Tang Heavenly Clan, Li Heavenly Clan...

Ten Thousand Provinces Ancient Clan, Nightmare Spirit Clan, Heaven Reaching Beast Clan...

All those huge monsters whose names could shake up the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield were all gathered in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

Those top powers were not the only ones gathered in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

Apart from them, there were also countless other powers that had arrived in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm in succession.

It could be said that all of the powers of the Ancestral Martial Starfield had dispatched people to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Apart from those powers that came from all over, there were also peak experts from all over the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Even Exalted Heavenly Fate, the Saintly Stellar Monk, White Dragon Demon Daoist, Queen Mother Fox Immortal... those experts withdrawn from worldly matters, experts that one could not find even if one sought them, were all present in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

Not only had all those people arrived in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, but they were all gathered outside the Chu Heavenly Clan.

It could be said that all the grand characters of the Ancestral Martial Starfield were gathered outside the Chu Heavenly Clan.

There was a vast sea of people and hundreds of millions of silhouettes visible. They were all martial cultivators with powerful backgrounds.

Faced with such an impressive display, the local major powers of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm were simply unable to approach them.

It wasn’t that they didn’t want to approach those people. It was instead that they were unqualified to approach them, and did not dare to approach them.

The people from the Starfall Holy Temple, the Ghost Sect Hall, the Paradise Valley and other powers could only stand in the distant sky and watch from afar.

No matter how powerful they were in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, they could not contend against those true major powers.

At that moment, an unprecedentedly grand occasion was happening in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

Even during Chu Hanxian and Chu Xuanyuan’s eras, such a disposition of forces had not appeared in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

The reason why so many major powers were all gathered in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm was naturally because of Chu Feng.

They had all come for the three month appointment between Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei.

The marvelous battle between Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei in the Nine Dragons Upper Realm was still vivid in the crowd’s minds.

However, things were vastly different from before.

Back then, the Linghu Heavenly Clan would have to show respect to the people of the Starfield Master Realm.

However, everyone already knew that the Starfield Master Realm had been defeated by the Linghu Heavenly Clan.

The current Linghu Heavenly Clan had replaced the Starfield Master Realm, and had become the fully-deserving overlord of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Thus, Chu Feng’s opponent was not merely Linghu Hongfei.

Chu Feng’s opponent was the future ruler of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

After all, everyone knew that Linghu Hongfei would, sooner or later, be the person to succeed the throne as the next clan chief of the Linghu Heavenly Clan.