Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3739 - I’ll Be Your Opponent

“Strange.”

Soon, the crowd realized that something was amiss.

They were astonished to discover that Gu Mingyuan was emitting a dazzling white light from her body.

With that dazzling light, Gu Mingyuan not only appeared particularly divine, but her aura had also changed.

At that moment, Gu Mingyuan’s cultivation was no longer that of a rank one Utmost Exalted. Instead, it had increased to rank two Utmost Exalted.

“Heavens, Gu Mingyuan’s cultivation actually increased!”

“Is it the power of her bloodline?”

“The Ancient Clan’s Bloodline is actually this powerful?”

Suddenly, the surrounding crowd that filled the sky and ground all burst into an uproar.

As martial cultivators from the Ancestral Martial Starfield, they all knew one thing.

Regardless of whether it might be Heavenly Bloodlines, Divine Power or other bloodlines, regardless of how many abilities one might be able to unlock before the Utmost Exalted realm, they would all be sealed once one reached the Utmost Exalted realm.

In other words, no matter how enormous the disparity between martial cultivators was before Utmost Exalted realm, everyone would start on the same starting line again once they reached the Utmost Exalted realm.

Upon reaching the Utmost Exalted realm, all of their various powers and abilities would be sealed. If one wanted to regain the ability to increase one’s cultivation, one must unseal those abilities again.

However, unsealing abilities was easier said than done.

Till that point, in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield, there had never been an Utmost Exalted-level cultivator capable of unsealing their sealed powers.

However, the crowd now discovered that someone was actually capable of that feat. As for that person... It was Gu Mingyuan.

“Amazing! She actually unsealed her ability at the Utmost Exalted realm.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“As expected from someone who used to be one of the two most dazzling geniuses of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.”

“Gu Mingyuan, her reputation is truly well justified, truly well justified!!!”

Many people were stupefied by Gu Mingyuan’s ability.

The reason for that was because Gu Mingyuan could be said to have accomplished something unprecedented in the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

She once again fully displayed her talents. Even Linghu Hongfei was eclipsed by her talent.

“Gu Mingyuan, you are truly someone that cannot be looked down upon.”

“You’ve actually managed to train your Ancient Clan’s Bloodline to such a level.”

Right at the moment when the crowd were all exclaiming in admiration at how powerful Gu Mingyuan was, a voice suddenly sounded in the sky.

Turning toward the voice, the crowd noticed that a figure was actually standing on the deck of the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s main warship.

Seeing that person, the crowd present all felt deep veneration.

It was impossible for them to not recognize that person.

That person was Linghu Zhishi.

As for that Linghu Zhishi, he was not only the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, but he was also currently the strongest expert in the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Even though Gu Mingyuan possessed the power of her bloodline and had increased her cultivation to rank two Utmost Exalted, everyone knew that Linghu Zhishi’s cultivation was that of a rank two Exalted to begin with.

“Linghu Zhishi, you’ve failed to instruct your younger generation properly. Today, I, Gu Mingyuan, shall teach him a lesson on your behalf,” Gu Mingyuan said to Linghu Zhishi.

“Is that so?” To the crowd’s surprise, Linghu Zhishi merely let out a faint smile.

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, Linghu Zhishi’s gaze shifted. In the next moment, a boundless oppressive might enveloped the surroundings.

Although Linghu Zhishi’s oppressive might was also that of a rank two Utmost Exalted, the crowd was able to tell that his oppressive might was clearly stronger than Gu Mingyuan’s.

“Damn it!”

At the same time, the crowd was able to clearly see Gu Mingyuan struggling and shouting angrily in midair.

However, no matter how she struggled, it was to no avail. It seemed like she was being trapped in midair.

“It’s useless. Even if you’ve increased your cultivation to rank two Utmost Exalted with your bloodline’s power, it does not mean that you’ve truly gained the power of a rank two Utmost Exalted.”

“Gu Mingyuan, as an elder, you should not meddle in the matters of those of the younger generation.”

“You should be like me and watch this show obediently.”

The faint smile at the corners of Linghu Zhishi’s mouth had turned into one of mocking contempt.

Hearing those words, the crowd realized why Gu Mingyuan was struggling.

It turned out, she had been trapped!!!

Obviously, the person who had trapped Gu Mingyuan was the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, Linghu Zhishi.

Seeing Linghu Zhishi who stood atop the warship, the crowd not only felt astonished, but many people even began to sweat cold sweat out of fear.

In the past, the strongest expert of the Ancestral Martial Starfield was the Wuming Clan’s Clan Chief, Wuming Doutian.

However, the Wuming Clan had been defeated by the Linghu Heavenly Clan. It was also unknown if Wuming Doutian was still alive.

The person who had defeated Wuming Doutian was none other than Linghu Zhishi.

Seeing the proud and cunning Linghu Zhishi, the crowd realized that he was the real strongest expert in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. Even though Gu Mingyuan possessed exceptional talent, she was destined to not be a match for him.

Turning toward Chu Lingxi and Linghu Hongfei, the crowd began to have a different sort of feeling.

Chu Lingxi had challenged Linghu Hongfei and ended up being completely suppressed by him. At that moment, her situation was extremely dangerous.

Gu Mingyuan had challenged the Linghu Heavenly Clan and ended up being suppressed by Linghu Zhishi, and also ended up in an extremely dangerous situation.

Both the mother and daughter were rare geniuses. That was an undeniable truth.

Unfortunately, they had challenged the wrong opponents...

“Chu Lingxi, it seems like your mother is even more rude than you.”

“How about this, I won’t make you kneel to admit your mistake. Instead, if your mother kneels and admits her mistake, I will spare you." Linghu Hongfei said to Chu Lingxi.

Ridicule. Oh what sort of ridicule this was? Chu Lingxi was unwilling to kneel herself, how could she possibly be willing to urge her mother to kneel?

This was simply an insult towards her integrity.

“Pah~~~”

Suddenly, Chu Lingxi opened her mouth and spat out a mouthful of spit towards Linghu Hongfei.

Chu Lingxi was extremely furious. However, there was nothing she could do. Spitting at Linghu Hongfei was the only method she could take to fight back against Linghu Hongfei.

Unfortunately, Linghu Hongfei effortlessly dodged the incoming spit.

However, after Linghu Hongfei turned around, an incomparably sinister look appeared in his eyes.

“Since you are so incapable of discerning good from bad, I will have you pay the price for your actions.”

“Woosh~~~”

After he finished saying those words, Linghu Hongfei extend two fingers and thrust them towards Chu Lingxi’s eyes.

He was really planning to dig out Chu Lingxi’s eyes!!!

Most despairing of all, Gu Mingyuan and the Chu Heavenly Clansmen were simply unable to do anything to help her. Even Chu Lingxi herself was unable to dodge the attack.

Chu Lingxi’s body had been completely trapped by Linghu Hongfei’s oppressive might. She was unable to move in the slightest. She could only look on helplessly as Linghu Hongfei’s fingers moved towards her eyes.

Many people closed their eyes or turned around upon seeing this scene.

They simply could not steel themselves to look at Chu Lingxi, a young woman, having her eyes forcibly dug out.

Since they were unable to change what would happen, they’d decided to avoid it...

“Paaa~~~”

However, after the crowd turned to avoid what was coming, they discovered that... the scream that they were anticipating did not sound.

Thus, those people turned their gazes back to Chu Lingxi and Linghu Hongfei.

“That is?”

Upon doing so, the crowd’s expressions all changed enormously.

This was true for even the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen!!!

In fact, even Linghu Hongfei revealed a slight change in his expression.

The reason for that was because a person had appeared before Linghu Hongfei.

It was that person who had blocked Linghu Hongfei’s attack and saved Chu Lingxi.

As for that person, he was someone that practically everyone present knew!!!

“Linghu Hongfei, from this point forward, I, Chu Feng, shall be your opponent," said Chu Feng.