Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3742 - Chu Feng Being Suppressed

Actually, Exalted Heavenly Fate was not a narrow-minded individual. In fact, he didn’t possess any antipathy for Chu Feng.

Otherwise, when he prophesied the fated battle, he would not have deliberately concealed it.

In fact, his decision to deliberately reveal the outcome of the prophecy was so that Chu Feng would back away.

In the end, Exalted Heavenly Fate was a kindhearted person. He was not someone with evil desires.

However, there was one thing that Exalted Heavenly Fate could not tolerate - his prophecies being called into question.

To Exalted Heavenly Fate, his prophecies were his firm belief, something that he refused to allow anyone to blaspheme.

Chu Feng seemed to know what Exalted Heavenly Fate was thinking. Thus, he did not provoke Exalted Heavenly Fate, and was instead merely attacking his so-called prophecy.

Chu Feng did not believe in the prophecy because he refused to resign himself to fate.

That said, Chu Feng actually also held respect for Exalted Heavenly Fate.

“Chu Feng, you are truly one to refuse to shed a tear until you witness your coffin,” Linghu Hongfei said to Chu Feng.

“For things like prophecies, I might believe them if they’re said about other people. However, if the prophecy is about me, I will not believe it.”

“The reason for that is because I, Chu Feng, am the only person who gets to decide my fate.”

“If I had resigned myself to fate, I would not be standing here today.”

“Instead, I would remain an unremarkable outer sect disciple in a second-rate sect in the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm," Chu Feng said with a faint smile.

Hearing those words, the people present were all startled. They seemed to have thought of something.

Even the Chu Heavenly Clansmen reacted in such a manner. A feeling of self-blame appeared in their hearts.

This was especially true for the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. Deep shame appeared on his face.

Chu Feng came from a Lower Realm. On his journey, he had naturally experienced countless tribulations and dangers.

He did not grow up protected by his clan. Instead, he had relied on himself and killed his way up, one step at a time.

If he had resigned himself to fate, he would not be standing before them.

“Very well spoken. Since that’s the case, I will take your life today.”

As Linghu Hongfei spoke, he took a step forward and attacked Chu Feng. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The distance between him and Chu Feng was extremely close to begin with. Thus, his attack arrived at Chu Feng in an instant.

He did not use any special technique. Instead, he was purely attacking Chu Feng with his fists and feet.

However, his punches were akin to iron hammers capable of splitting open mountains, and his kicks were akin to iron whips capable of sweeping through space itself.

His entire body was akin to the devastating destructive power of weapons. If struck by any of them, one would either be killed or seriously injured.

That said, Chu Feng was no ordinary individual either.

He did not attempt to dodge Linghu Hongfei’s ferocious attacks. Instead, he continued to take steps forward to confront Linghu Hongfei.

“Clank, clank, clank~~~”

Even though the two of them were clearly made of flesh and bones, their collision created sounds akin to steel colliding.

Both Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei possessed top rated battle power. Neither their speed nor their strength differed much.

The two of them fought back and forth in a stalemate.

“Amazing! Sure enough, the two of them are the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s top geniuses.”

Seeing the battle between Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei, the crowd were unable to help but think back to the earlier battle between Chu Lingxi and Linghu Hongfei.

At the beginning, the two of them were both rank four Exalted. However, Chu Lingxi’s attacks were easily dodged by Linghu Hongfei.

Even though Linghu Hongfei was not injured by Chu Feng, the two of them were at least exchanging blows.

Although Chu Feng was unable to cause any injuries to Linghu Hongfei, Linghu Hongfei was also unable to cause any harm to Chu Feng.

Their confrontation was different from the confrontation between Chu Lingxi and Linghu Hongfei, where Linghu Hongfei managed to defeat her with only his oppressive might.

“Chu Feng’s battle power seems to have increased again.”

“Or could it be, he actually really held himself back so much when he sparred with me back then?” Chu Lingxi spoke quietly as she looked at the battle between Chu Feng and Linghu Hongfei.

“It’s most likely that his battle power has strengthened,” said Gu Mingyuan, who stood beside her.

“Mother, how are you so certain?” Chu Lingxi asked.

“Linghu Hongfei has gone through some sort of unknown transformation. You’ve fought against him before, you should’ve sensed it.”

“And now, such a transformation has also appeared on Chu Feng. Although I don’t know what he has experienced, it remains that he has become much stronger,” said Gu Mingyuan.

“In other words, the gap between myself and that guy has increased again?”

Chu Lingxi looked towards Chu Feng again. Her gaze became complicated.

That said, she would not wish for Chu Feng to become weaker just because he had become stronger than her.

On the contrary, she only wished for him to become more powerful. She wanted him to be stronger than what she saw, stronger than she could imagine.

Only in that way would he be able to defeat the unfathomably powerful Linghu Hongfei.

“That said, it seems like Chu Feng is on the verge of losing.”

As the two of them continued to fight, the crowd discovered that the battle between the two was no longer equal. The scale of victory was tipping towards Linghu Hongfei.

Even though his attacks were either blocked or dodged by Chu Feng, even though Chu Feng was still completely uninjured, he was beginning to show difficulty.

“It would appear that there’s still a disparity between them.”

Seeing that Chu Feng was beginning to gradually retreat, showing signs of defeat and being suppressed by Linghu Hongfei, the crowd began to feel that Exalted Heavenly Fate’s prophecy might come true.

Even though Chu Feng was very powerful, Linghu Hongfei was, unfortunately, even stronger.

“Should I take care of him?”

As Chu Feng was retreating, a voice suddenly entered his ears.

That voice was not a voice transmission. However, only Chu Feng could hear it.

The reason for that was because that voice came from his world spirit space.

“Girl, you’ve awoken?”

Focused on his battle against Linghu Hongfei, Chu Feng was not paying any attention to his world spirit space.

However, he suddenly discovered that that girl Yu Sha had finally completed her training, and had woken up.

Furthermore, that girl had gained a certain harvest. Her cultivation had reached rank four Exalted.

She had made three successive breakthroughs. This sort of harvest could be said to be enormous.

“Never would I have imagined that little natural oddity would provide so much help to you.”

Chu Feng felt extremely joyous. He had never expected that his unexpected harvest would help Yu Sha so much.

After all, that girl was an existence that possessed a heaven-defying battle power capable of surmounting three levels of cultivation.

Furthermore, she was able to summon a black warhorse. With that warhorse, she was able to increase her heaven-defying battle power by another level for a total of four levels of cultivation.

Back then, that girl had relied precisely on her heaven-defying battle power to fight Linghu Hongfei, then a rank two Exalted, to a tie with only the cultivation of a rank one Exalted.

“I see that you’re having some difficulty taking him on. Why don’t you have me take care of him?”

“You can consider it my thanks for helping me obtain that cultivation resource,” said Yu Sha.

“I’m actually being underestimated. Girl... today, I will have you witness how strong I, your master, am.”

“Clank~~~”

As Chu Feng spoke, he flipped his wrist, and an Incomplete Exalted Armament appeared in his hand.

With the Incomplete Exalted Armament in hand, Chu Feng’s battle power immediately increased enormously. Previously being suppressed, he immediately turned the situation around.