Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3773 - Seven Suns Mountain Range

Since Chu Feng was planning to go against the people from the All-heaven Sect from the start, he had disguised himself before he stepped out of the teleportation formation.

Chu Feng currently appeared extremely mediocre. His appearance could even be said to be ordinary to the extreme.

He did not look handsome, yet was not ugly either. He did not appear to be extraordinary in the slightest. However, he did not appear to be excessively unsophiscated either.

Even his outfit was very ordinary. That was Chu Feng’s goal. He wanted to become the most unremarkable person in a crowd.

Of course... he had long placed away his Chu Heavenly Clan’s title plate.

Chu Feng had disguised himself because he did not want the people from the All-heaven Sect to know who he was.

Naturally, he could not allow his identity to be exposed. For that, he went as far as to create a new name for himself - surname Xiu and given name Luo.

Chu Feng’s new name was Asura. [1. Xiu Luo means Asura.]

Chu Feng walked out of the Ancient Era’s Teleportation Formation and took a glance at the map. After doing so, he began to proceed directly for the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

The Ox-nosed Old Daoist had only given Chu Feng a map that indicated the location where his old friend was.

However, he did not tell Chu Feng his old friend’s name.

At the time, Chu Feng was in a rush to leave. Thus, he did not ask much about the Ox-nosed Old Daoist’s old friend. Because of that, he could not blame the Ox-nosed Old Daoist for not informing him.

That said, Chu Feng felt that since the Ox-nosed Old Daoist was so powerful, his friend must be extraordinary too. Otherwise, how could he possibly gamble against the Ox-nosed Old Daoist?

Furthermore, they were gambling their disciple’s ability.

This meant that the Ox-nosed Old Daoist’s friend must be someone who possessed great ability.

Since it was someone who possessed great ability, that person would most likely not be unknown. Thus, Chu Feng felt that it should not be difficult for him to find the Ox-nosed Old Daoist’s friend.

After Chu Feng arrived at the Seven Suns Mountain Range, he discovered the Seven Suns Mountain Range to be a truly extraordinary place.

The Seven Suns Mountain Range was very large, extremely large. It was composed of an area that surpassed the entire Nine Provinces Continent.

Such a vast mountain range was actually sealed off by a spirit formation.

The vast spirit formation covered the entire vast mountain range. Oh how magnificent of a sight this was.

Chu Feng was unable to tell what level the spirit formation was. He could only sense that it was impregnable.

Since Chu Feng was unable to see through that spirit formation, it meant that the person who had set up the spirit formation had world spirit techniques stronger than his own.

That spirit formation was set up precisely to prevent people from entering the mountain range without permission.

Due to the existence of the spirit formation, one must enter the Seven Suns Mountain Range from a designated location.

However, at that moment, even the only entrance to the mountain range had been sealed off.

Furthermore, there were countless palaces outside the entrance. There were so many that they resembled a bustling city from afar.

However, there just so happened to be many different sorts of banners flying above this city.

Those banners were also completely different from each other.

This meant that many different powers had gathered there. Although the majority of them were relatively weak, there were also some strong powers.

Sending out his spirit power, Chu Feng was able to sense that there were many Exalted-level experts present. In fact, there were also multiple peak Exalted-level experts.

As for Utmost Exalted level experts, Chu Feng did not detect any.

Of course, if an Utmost Exalted-level expert had deliberately concealed his or her aura, not even Chu Feng, a Saint-cloak World Spiritist, would be able to detect them.

After Chu Feng spread out his spirit power, he was able to hear conversations from practically everyone.

Soon, Chu Feng learned about what was happening with the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

An abnormal sign would appear in the Seven Suns Mountain Range every month.

When the abnormal sign appeared, six suns would appear. Adding on the original sun, one would see seven suns hanging in the sky.

That was also how the name Seven Suns Mountain Range came to be.

Whenever the abnormal sign appeared, the natural energies inside the Seven Suns Mountain Range would become particularly abundant.

Because of that, the Seven Suns Mountain Range had become a sacred cultivation ground of the Reincarnation Upper Realm.

In other words, all those powers were gathered there, waiting for the arrival of the abnormal sign of the Seven Suns Mountain Range so that they could enter it to train.

The Seven Suns Mountain Range was not a place without a master. The master of the mountain range was called Yuan Shu.

Yuan Shu was the strongest world spiritist in the All-heaven Starfield.

He had already become a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist over a hundred years before.

He had been in closed-door training in the Seven Suns Mountain Range the entire time. Thus, no one knew how powerful he had become.

Chu Feng felt that Yuan Shu was most likely the Ox-nosed Old Daoist’s Old Friend.

After all, when looked at from every aspect, Yuan Shu would be a fit.

The only exception would be that his world spirit techniques were a bit weaker.

Of course, since the Ox-nosed Old Daoist was capable of concealing his strength, Yuan Shu could naturally also be able to do so.

Although the Seven Suns Mountain Range was a place with a master, it would always open its doors and allow the people from the Reincarnation Upper Realm to enter it whenever the abnormal sign appeared.

Once the abnormal sign disappeared, they would drive the people out.

Many people planned to stay in the mountain range and train year-round. Thus, after being driven out, they did not leave, and instead continued to stay outside the mountain range to wait for the next opportunity to enter.

However, these martial cultivators were all arrogant individuals. Thus, they naturally could not allow themselves to spend nights in the open as they waited.

Thus, after obtaining permission from Yuan Shu, they constructed palaces outside the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

Over time, the martial cultivators that stayed and constructed palaces had created the vast city outside the mountain’s foot.

Currently, the next abnormal sign would appear in five days. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

During this period of time, Chu Feng would not be able to ascend the mountain either.

However, Chu Feng was not in a rush, as he could use these five days to do his other task.

He was planning to find Grandmaster Liangqiu’s friend who had meticulously studied curses.

Thus, Chu Feng began to proceed for the Autumnfall Village located southeast of the mountain range.

“Mn?”

As he was flying, Chu Feng’s expression suddenly changed.

He felt a dangerous aura.

The dangerous aura came from the spirit formation, and from below.

Chu Feng looked down, and discovered that there were two people, one old and one young.

The old person was an white-haired old man.

The old man was dressed in gorgeous clothes. He emitted an extraordinary air, and possessed the cultivation of a rank four Exalted.

As for the young individual, she was a young woman.

The woman looked rather good. Furthermore, her cultivation was rather strong too. She was a rank one Martial Immortal.

Although her cultivation was incomparable to Chu Feng’s, it was already very strong for a person of the younger generation.

After all, the great majority of the genius-level younger generations in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm were only True Immortals.

Even Heavenly Immortal was an insurmountable mountain for the younger generations of the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm. As for the Martial Immortal realm, it was simply something that they’d never imagined.

Although this woman was close to a hundred years old, she was still a person of the younger generation. Thus, for her to be able to become a Martial Immortal at her age fully illustrated how talented she was.

If she was in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, she would definitely be deemed a demon-level genius.

At that moment, the old man and the young woman were attempting to breach a spirit formation.

The dangerous aura came from that spirit formation.

Chu Feng felt that spirit formation to be very dangerous. If they failed to control it and allowed its power to be released, that woman would be drawn into it and killed.

Although Chu Feng did not know them, that woman was still a life. He could not ignore her and let her die. Besides, he felt that it was a trifling matter for him.

Thus, Chu Feng descended from the sky and landed behind the old man and the young woman.

“I’d urge the two of you to stop what you’re doing right away,” Chu Feng said to them.

However, Chu Feng’s words were immediately met with alert gazes.

The old man and the young woman both looked at Chu Feng with killing intent in their eyes.