Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3776 - His Secret

Earlier, Chu Feng had not observed things with his Heaven’s Eyes, or sensed with his spirit power.

However, after using his Heaven’s Eyes to observe that Old Freak Tang, Chu Feng discovered many suspicious things.

Firstly, although Old Freak Tang seemed to be a commoner, his smithy actually had a layer of spirit formations around it. It was a protective formation that was capable of hiding things.

Furthermore, that spirit formation was the work of a Dragon Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist.

It was obvious that a world spiritist of that level did not live in Autumnfall Village.

Thus, that spirit formation served as sufficient proof that Old Freak Tang was an extraordinary individual.

Besides the spirit formation around his smithy, Old Freak Tang himself was also acting very strangely.

If he were truly afraid of Chu Feng, he would likely be feeling lingering fear from his encounter with him. Even after Chu Feng had left, it should take him a while to calm down.

However, he did not appear to be feeling any lingering fear at all. After Chu Feng left, the terrified appearance disappeared completely.

This meant that the fear he had displayed toward Chu Feng earlier was nothing more than a disguise.

All of this brought joy to Chu Feng.

He was now practically certain that Old Freak Tang was the person he was searching for.

However, for some unknown reason, Old Freak Tang was trying to conceal his identity, and was unwilling to admit who he was to Chu Feng.

That said, Chu Feng would naturally not be willing to easily give up.

After Chu Feng left, that Old Freak Tang returned to his bedroom and sat down cross-legged.

He began to release his spirit power, which soon covered the entire village.

After his spirit power was released, Chu Feng was able to tell that Old Freak Tang was a rather extraordinary world spiritist. He was a Dragon Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist.

This served to explain that he was actually the one who had set up the spirit formation around his smithy.

Furthermore, although Old Freak Tang’s spirit power had enveloped the entire village, it was ultimately fixed on a single family.

It turned out that Old Freak Tang was monitoring a single person.

The person he was monitoring was an old lady.

Although she was an old lady, she was actually not excessively old for a martial cultivator, being merely over a thousand years old.

Many cultivators would be able to maintain their appearances well at such an age.

This was especially true for women. Many of them kept their middle-aged appearances. In fact, there were a lot of women that kept their youthful appearances too.

However, that old lady looked extremely old. Furthermore, her health was extremely weak.

She seemed like she would not be able to live for much longer.

“Why is Old Freak Tang monitoring that old lady?”

This question flashed through Chu Feng’s mind. After all, that old lady simply appeared too ordinary.

She did not possess any looks, nor did she possess a high cultivation. She also did not resemble someone with secrets.

In fact, Chu Feng felt that the old lady would die soon.

Old Freak Tang continued to monitor the old lady until nightfall. Only then did he retrieve his spirit power, stand up and walk out of his smithy.

Seeing that Old Freak Tang was leaving his smithy, Chu Feng immediately and secretly followed him.

Old Freak Tang was extremely fast. He was so fast that Chu Feng was unable to catch up to him even when he went all-out to chase after him.

Chu Feng felt that even though Old Freak Tang’s world spirit techniques were only those of a Dragon Mark Exalted-cloak World Spiritist and was weaker than his, his cultivation far surpassed that of his own.

It was very possible for Old Freak Tang to be an Utmost Exalted-level expert.

After all, if Chu Feng were to go all-out, his battle power would be on par with a peak Exalted.

Yet, even with that being the case, he still found it very difficult to keep up with Old Freak Tang. With that, it seemed obvious that Old Freak Tang’s cultivation should be that of an Utmost Exalted.

Although Chu Feng could not keep up with Old Freak Tang in terms of speed, he still had his Heaven’s Eyes, which could see very far.

Furthermore, the place where Old Freak Tang was heading was not far from Autumnfall Village.

Thus, in the end, Chu Feng managed to catch up to Old Freak Tang.

The place where Old Freak Tang had arrived was a sect by the name of Void Cleanse Monastery.

This Void Cleanse Monastery would actually be considered to be a small sect in the Reincarnation Upper Realm.

Although it had hundreds of thousands of people, the strongest person in the sect only possessed the cultivation of a Martial Immortal.

The great majority of the people in the sect were Heavenly Immortals and True Immortals. As for the disciples, they were even weaker.

Not to mention Old Freak Tang, even Chu Feng would be able to enter and leave a sect like that completely unhindered, completely undetected.

That said, as Old Freak Tang was very powerful, Chu Feng did not dare to approach him, and had to observe the situation from afar.

With Old Freak Tang’s cultivation, even if Chu Feng had concealed himself with his Saint-cloak World Spiritist ability, he would still be detected should he follow Old Freak Tang too closely.

As it turned out, Old Freak Tang had arrived at the Void Cleanse Monastery to secretly monitor another individual.

The person he was monitoring was a woman. Judging from her appearance, she should be an elder of the Void Cleanse Monastery.

That woman had a fair appearance and a tall figure. She could be said to be a beauty. Although she was not a beauty so devastatingly beautiful that she could cause the downfall of a city or state, she was very charming to the eyes.

Furthermore, that woman had a decent cultivation.

She was a rank one Heavenly Immortal.

“Could it be... Old Freak Tang is married to that old lady?” Suddenly, this thought came to Chu Feng’s mind.

The reason why he thought that way was because of the appearance of the woman Old Freak Tang was monitoring.

The woman was rather good-looking. Her appearance could be said to be from a completely different world from the ugly Old Freak Tang and the ordinary-looking old lady.

However, it just so happened that Chu Feng was able to detect traces of resemblance to Old Freak Tang and the old lady on that woman.

It could be said that all of the small amounts of good features Old Freak Tang and the old lady possessed were inherited by that woman.

Since that woman possessed the features of both Old Freak Tang and that old lady, it meant that it was possible that she was their daughter.

Furthermore, Old Freak Tang was looking at the woman with eyes filled with affection. Those eyes greatly resembled the eyes of a father looking at his daughter.

If that woman was indeed Old Freak Tang’s daughter, his seemingly strange behavior could be explained.

After this idea came to his mind, Chu Feng immediately began to secretly investigate the woman and the old lady.

After investigating them, Chu Feng discovered that the woman was called Song Ge, and she was indeed that old lady’s daughter.

Merely, no one knew who Song Ge’s father was. Her mother had also never mentioned who her father was either.

Thus, Song Ge had actually taken her mother’s surname.

After this investigation, Chu Feng became even more certain that his guess was correct.

This Song Ge must be Old Freak Tang and that old lady’s daughter.

Merely, due to some reason, Old Freak Tang was unable to recognize Song Ge as his daughter. He was also unable to see Song Ge’s mother. Thus, he could only monitor the two of them from afar.

......

Early in the morning of the next day, Old Freak Tang returned to his smithy in Autumnfall Village.

Chu Feng decided to lay his cards out with him. Thus, he went to pay him a visit again.

“Cough, cough, cough...”

However, before Chu Feng even approached the smithy, he was able to hear Old Freak Tang’s intense and painful coughing.

Actually, Old Freak Tang had coughed countless times in the night that Chu Feng had observed him. Furthermore, every time he coughed, he would cough up blood, and start panting afterwards.

Chu Feng felt that Old Freak Tang must be seriously ill.

That said, the coughing session this time around was particularly intense and painful.

Thus, Chu Feng directly pushed the door open and released his spirit power to envelop Old Freak Tang and began to treat him..

“You?!” Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After Old Freak Tang saw Chu Feng, he immediately revealed a look of surprise.

His surprise was not from Chu Feng’s sudden appearance. Instead, he was surprised by Chu Feng’s spirit power being Saint level.

“Senior, please don’t say anything for now. Allow this junior to diagnose your condition first.”

As Chu Feng spoke, he began to use his spirit power to diagnose Old Freak Tang’s condition.

However, after doing so, Chu Feng started to frown.

Old Freak Tang was suffering from an incurable disease. Furthermore, he had reached the terminal stage.

Frankly, Old Freak Tang would not be able to live for much longer. Even Chu Feng’s hands were tied.

He could only alleviate his suffering, and was incapable of saving his life.