Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3876 - Old Friend?

“This place really is the death gate.”

“The YinYang Guidance Lamps are truly too powerful. They were not mistaken, they were correct.”

“Turns out, the gate on the left is the life gate, and the one on the right is the death gate.”

Soon, Chu Feng became certain of this thought.

That aura of death could not be fake. It was truly going to demand his life.

That said, although Chu Feng confirmed that he had stepped into the gate of death, his panicking heart actually managed to calm down a lot.

The reason for that was because he had not only confirmed that he had entered the death gate, but he had also confirmed that his choice, although wrong, was correct.

Although that place was indeed the death gate, he was still able to obtain an inheritance there.

Furthermore, according to Chu Feng’s deduction, the inheritance that he could obtain there might actually be the real inheritance.

Merely, it was very difficult to obtain the inheritance from that place.

Chu Feng needed to break free from the strange palms that had enveloped him, and the strange power that was restricting his body.

Otherwise, that power would slowly engulf him.

If he didn’t break free from them, Chu Feng... would really end up dying there.

As for the method to breach them, Chu Feng had a guess in mind.

By relying on his own body’s strength, it would simply be impossible for him to contend against the powers there. Thus, the only thing Chu Feng could rely on would be his spirit power.

Thus, Chu Feng closed his eyes and began to sense his surroundings with his spirit power.

Upon doing so, Chu Feng was surprised to discover that once he closed his eyes and used his spirit power to sense things, the surroundings changed completely.

He was no longer in the palace hall. Instead, he was in a place of primal chaos, a place of nothingness.

The surroundings were completely pitch-black. It was a world filled with darkness.

However, in that world were strange bodies moving about. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Those moving bodies were all obstructions, blocking Chu Feng.

That place was simply a maze.

Only by breaking free from the blockades would Chu Feng be able to escape..

Thus, Chu Feng began to use his spirit power to create a path of escape in this obstruction-filled space.

However... it was a very difficult task.

Chu Feng had inherited his martial power from his father.

As for his spirit power, he had inherited it from his mother.

Chu Feng’s martial power surpassed that of ordinary people. However, it was actually his Spirit Power that was much superior to that of ordinary people.

Thus, Chu Feng’s spirit power was actually much stronger than his martial power.

However, even though his spirit power was very powerful, Chu Feng was still quickly exhausted after using it.

From this, it could be seen how difficult it would be to purely use spirit power to escape from that place.

At the beginning, Chu Feng was still able to make judgements rationally. However, later on, he completely relied on his awareness to break free from his surroundings.

With that, Chu Feng’s awareness started turning fuzzy. In fact, he couldn’t even determine if his methods were correct.

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, Chu Feng’s head jolted. He seemed to have heard someone calling him?

Was it a misconception?

Chu Feng was uncertain if that call he had heard was real or false.

“Chu Feng, save me.”

Suddenly, that voice was heard again. That was no illusion. Someone was really calling for him.

Furthermore, that voice sounded rather familiar.

Hearing that voice, Chu Feng’s spirit power subconsciously moved towards the direction where that voice was coming from.

Strangest of all, even though that place was pitch-black, including even the obstructions, Chu Feng saw something completely different as moved towards that voice -- it was a body of light.

The closer Chu Feng approached, the clearer things became. That was a person, a woman.

That woman was deep inside the pitch-black space. She created a complete contrast against her surroundings. It was extremely strange.

However, that woman’s appearance was not at all strange. On the contrary... her appearance was extremely beautiful.

She had a youthful appearance, possessed an alluring figure, and gave off an extraordinary air. It was as if all of the strong points that women wanted had gathered upon her.

It would not be excessive in the slightest to say that even rare beauties like Su Rou and Su Mei would be slightly inferior when compared to that woman.

That woman possessed both Su Rou’s elegant charm and Su Mei’s youthfulness. It was as if Su Rou and Su Mei’s strong points were all gathered on her.

Standing there, she resembled a perfect beauty.

Journeying from the Lower Realm to the Upper Realms, Chu Feng had encountered countless women, countless so-called exceptional beauties.

However, upon seeing that woman, Chu Feng was captured by her beauty.

What did it mean to be a beauty?

That person was what it meant to be an actual exceptional beauty.

That said, after a moment of surprise, Chu Feng felt extremely astonished.

At the same time, he also felt very confused.

The reason for that was because that exceptional beauty that had appeared in that strange space was someone he knew. Her name was Yan Ruyu.

Back in the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm’s Nine Provinces Continent’s Azure Province, there was a sect by the name of the Jade Maiden Sect.

The Jade Maiden Sect was a top rated sect in the Azure Province. All the members of the sect were women.

Due to their strict standards in accepting new disciples, the disciples of the Jade Maiden Sect ended up all possessing exceptional talent and outstanding beauty.

In the Azure Province, the Jade Maiden Sect was simply a place where celestial fairies lived.

In the Jade Maiden Sect, the person with the best talent and most outstanding beauty was that Yan Ruyu.

Because of her exceptional beauty, she was nicknamed ‘the young lady in the portrait.’

Back when Chu Feng was still in the Azure Province, still a disciple of the Azure Dragon School, Chu Feng has had an engagement with Yan Ruyu.

Because of that engagement, Chu Feng and Yan Ruyu had ended up in a conflict. Later on, he had been poisoned by Yan Ruyu’s close friend, lost control of himself, and caused an enormous blunder. He ended up doing what he should never have done to Yan Ruyu.

Later on, by pure coincidence, Chu Feng and Yan Ruyu met each other again in the Eastern Sea Region.

The two of them not only resolved their previous grievances, but Chu Feng also assisted Yan Ruyu, bringing her to the Eastern Sea Region’s Misty Peak to stay and train there.

However, later on, Yan Ruyu had suddenly and mysteriously disappeared from the Misty Peak...

Ya Fei and Murong Wan had also disappeared with her.

Due to Chu Feng’s youthful frivolousness, he had wronged all three girls.

Feeling extremely ashamed and guilty, Chu Feng ended up having special emotions for them.

All these years, even though Chu Feng had been journeying throughout the Outer World the entire time, he still thought about those three girls all the time, wondering where they’d gone to.

However, no matter how much he thought about it, he was unable to think of a single place.

Never did he expect that he would actually see Yan Ruyu there.

The voice that had called out to him earlier, seeking his help, wasn’t that Yan Ruyu?