Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3908 - Familiar Voice

Upon discovering that Ya Fei and Murong Wan had also appeared in this place, Chu Feng became even more certain that things were fishy.

Afterwards, Chu Feng asked Gou Za about when Yan Ruyu, Ya Fei and Murong Wan appeared in the Dog Nation.

He learned that the three of them had arrived in the Dog Nation at around the same time they had disappeared from the Nine Provinces Continent’s Eastern Sea Region.

This made Chu Feng even more certain that the three Royal Clan’s princesses were Yan Ruyu, Ya Fei and Murong Wan.

Merely, why would they become Galewind Hunting Clansmen, and their royal clan’s princesses on top of that? Chu Feng was completely puzzled.

Most importantly, why was Chu Feng able to see Yan Ruyu’s remnant soul? Furthermore, why was that remnant soul calling for his help?

That remnant soul made Chu Feng realize that Yan Ruyu had most likely encountered some sort of danger. No, it was not only Yan Ruyu. Since the three of them had disappeared together, it would likely mean that Ya Fei and Murong Wan had also encountered danger.

For the sake of clarifying things, Chu Feng decided to set off immediately.

Chu Feng soon passed through the People Nation and arrived at the Soldier Nation.

On his way there, he discovered that even though the Galewind Hunting Clan lived underground, they had, through the efforts of tens of thousands of years, established a near-perfect world underground.

Apart from the Dog Nation, which was incomparably dusky year-round and looked like purgatory, one could see the blue sky, white clouds, green hills, clear waters and all sorts of beautiful scenery in all the other nations. That place was akin to a paradise.

The plants there were all plants from the Ancient Era. Even the aura they emitted was that of the Ancient Era.

It was as if that place was still in the Ancient Era.

The People Nation was also extremely large. It was so large that it took Chu Feng some time to pass through it.

However, compared to the Soldier Nation, the People Nation was still much smaller.

The Soldier Nation was simply too enormous, so enormous that even Chu Feng exclaimed in admiration.

That said, it was reasonable for the Soldier Nation’s territory to be so enormous. After all, the Soldier Nation should be the one with the greatest population. Chu Feng believed that there were at least several tens of billions of Galewind Hunting Clansmen in the Soldier Nation.

This was an enormous number, so enormous that it was terrifying.

However, the most terrifying thing was not the amount. Instead, it was their strength.

Many of the Galewind Hunting Clansmen in the Soldier Nation were in the Exalted realm. Even though there were children and people of the younger generation amongst them that had yet to fully mature and attain an Exalted realm cultivation, at least a third of the population in the Soldier Nation had reached the Exalted realm.

This meant that there were tens of millions of Exalted-level existences. Just by imagining, one could tell how strong of a battle power this was.

However, this was understandable too. After all, the Soldier Nation was the foundation of the Galewind Hunting Clan’s strength. They were also the future of the Galewind Hunting Clan.

That said, Chu Feng was still unable to keep himself from gasping in admiration at how powerful the Galewind Hunting Clan; at how powerful a race from the Ancient Era was.

After all, if any Exalted realm expert were to appear in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, not to mention the Nine Provinces Continent, they would be an overlord-level existence.

Even in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, those in the Exalted realm would be paramount existences.

After all, the amount of Exalted realm experts in the Chu Heavenly Clan could be counted with one’s fingers.

Yet, in the Soldier Nation, all those Exalted-level existences were actually ordinary soldiers.

Because of this, Chu Feng felt completely stunned. At the same time, he felt uneasy.

Merely the battle power of the Soldier Clan was already this terrifying.

Chu Feng could imagine what sort of terrifying battle power the General Clan and Royal Clan possessed.

Most importantly, the Galewind Hunting Clan was a race from the Ancient Era.

After journeying for so many years, Chu Feng had discovered vestiges of the Ancient Era’s organisms.

All signs indicated that even though the Ancient Era had passed, the survivors of the Ancient Era were definitely not limited to only the Galewind Hunting Clan.

Merely, due to special reasons, they had to temporarily stay in special regions, and were unable to leave.

However, should a day where they could leave arrive, they would definitely return to the martial cultivation world.

The world of martial cultivators was a world with constant disputes. If the modern-day cultivators were to encounter races from the Ancient Era, the two powers from different eras would likely collide, and give rise to an unavoidable war.

At that time, it was unknown whether or not modern-day cultivators would have the power to contend against the races of the Ancient Era.

At least, judging from what Chu Feng had witnessed, it seemed like the modern-day cultivators did not possess the strength to contend against the Ancient Era’s races.

Take the All-heaven Starfield for example. The strongest power in the All-heaven Starfield was the All-heaven Sect. Although the All-heaven Sect was the fully deserving overlord of the All-heaven Starfield and were akin to gods that ruled over everything, they were unable to even deal with a mere Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb.

Their strength was extremely limited. Thus, how could they possibly take on an unfathomable, rather intact and enormous Ancient Era’s race?

It wasn’t that Chu Feng was cowardly. It wasn’t that he looked down on modern day cultivators either.

It was simply that, after he personally witnessed all of this, after he personally came into contact with those Ancient Era’s races, Chu Feng realized fully why Yuan Shu’s master, Grandmaster Tang Chen, was so on guard against the Ancient Era’s organisms.

The Ancient Era’s organisms were simply too powerful, so powerful that they were simply unable to contend against them.

Although Chu Feng didn’t know what sort of calamity they had encountered in the Ancient Era, he felt that if any of the Ancient Era’s races were able to return to the vast martial cultivation world, they might become the calamity of modern day cultivators.

It wasn’t that Chu Feng had baseless fears. It was simply that, if such a calamity happened now, he would be powerless to protect his family and friends.

Of course, Chu Feng couldn’t think too much about these sorts of things at the moment. After all, his strength was still limited. If he were to be concerned about this sort of thing, he would truly be worrying about something beyond his control.

Afterwards, Chu Feng entered the General Nation. Upon reaching the General Nation, Chu Feng grew even more uneasy.

His uneasiness this time around did not originate from the strength of the General Clansmen.

Instead, there was a layer of special power in the General Nation. Chu Feng could not tell what sort of power it was. It did not resemble spirit power, but was capable of obstructing others.

Inside the General nation, Chu Feng’s perception was greatly restricted. He was simply unable to sense how many people were in the General Nation, or their cultivations.

That said, this special power was not what brought Chu Feng unease.

After all, Chu Feng was already aware that the General Nation had as many experts as the forest itself before he even set foot into the General Nation.

Thus, what really caused Chu Feng unease was the fact that he sensed the power of the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb weakening the moment he set foot into the General Nation.

When Chu Feng arrived at the Royal Nation and entered the territory of the Galewind Hunting Clan’s Royal Clan, his unease manifested fully.

That special power became even stronger in the Royal Nation.

Chu Feng didn’t know if he was being affected by that special power or not.

Regardless, the moment Chu Feng entered the Royal Nation, the power of the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb’s spirit formation disappeared completely.

In other words, the current Chu Feng no longer possessed the protection of the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb’s spirit formation.

If he intended to continue onward, he could only rely on himself.

Chu Feng looked to the unfathomable country before him and thought about Yan Ruyu, Ya Fei and Murong Wan.

In the end, Chu Feng made his decision.

He hid himself, and changed his outfit from that of the General Clan to that of the Royal Clan.

Then, he went deep into the Royal Nation.

Chu Feng decided to brave the risks.

After all, his purpose for being there was to determine what Yan Ruyu, Ya Fei and Murong Wan had encountered. He wanted to know if they were doing okay.

That said, since Chu Feng no longer had the protection of the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb’s spirit formation, he did not dare to use his martial power in the Royal Nation. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

At such a time, Chu Feng suddenly recalled the insect the Mystic Cave Saints had given him.

Chu Feng successfully planted that insect in a member of the Royal Clan. Furthermore, as luck had it, that Royal Clansman actually knew the location of the three princesses.

Led by that Royal Clansman, Chu Feng arrived at an imposing palace.

Chu Feng did not directly charge into the palace. Instead, he ordered the Royal Clansman controlled by that insect to knock on the gate.

“Who is it?”

At the moment when the palace gate opened, a voice was heard.

Hearing that voice, Chu Feng was completely stunned. Joy filled his heart. The reason for that was because he knew that voice. He couldn’t possibly forget it.

That was Murong Wan’s voice.