Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3911 - Massacre

Even though that middle-aged Galewind Hunting Clansman had rushed into the depths of the sky and had very likely engaged in battle against the mysterious old man, the sky was still tranquil.

There were no rumbles or powerful energy ripples at all.

Everything appeared rather strange.

Suddenly!

A figure appeared deep in the sky, falling rapidly.

Seeing that person, not only were the Galewind Hunting Clansmen surprised, but even Chu Feng was surprised.

The figure falling from the sky was the enormous beast that had charged into the depths of the sky earlier.

It was not only the beast; that powerful Galewind Hunting Clansman was also falling with the giant beast. Furthermore, a painful expression filled his face. It was as if he was suffering from some sort of enormous pain.

“Milord!”

The Galewind Hunting Clansmen immediately rushed upward towards that person. They caught the giant beast and their lord.

“Wuuuah~~~”

“Rumble~~~”

However, the instant they caught them, an overwhelming oppressive might dropped from the sky.

That oppressive might was simply too powerful. Before it, the Galewind Hunting Clansmen were akin to a bunch of fallen leaves. Soon, they all began to fall toward the ground.

“Boom~~~”

“Boom~~~”

“Boom~~~”

Soon, rumbles exploded continuously.

Thick smoke soared into the sky as the ground shattered. Many bottomless giant craters appeared in the ground.

Those craters had all been left behind by the Galewind Hunting Clansmen.

They’d been forcibly smashed deep into the ground by that oppressive might.

“Galewind Hunting Clansmen, listen carefully. It is only a warning this time.”

“If this is to happen again, this old man will unleash a massacre!”

That aged voice was heard again.

After the voice was heard, the oppressive might suppressing the Galewind Hunting Clansmen suddenly disappeared.

“Damn it!”

The Galewind Hunting Claansmen were all feeling extremely unreconciled.

However, none of them attempted to do anything. In fact, they didn’t even bother to stay any longer. They all turned around and disappeared into the giant crater leading underground. They had likely returned to their underground world.

They were afraid. Facing that old man, even those powerful Galewind Hunting Clansmen were afraid.

“Thank you for your help, senior.”

Chu Feng immediately turned to the sky and bowed respectfully.

Chu Feng was able to tell that the oppressive might that had emerged from the sky was the same oppressive might that had entered the Galewind Hunting Clan’s Royal Nation and rescued him.

Thus, a single person had been helping Chu Feng the entire time.

As for that person, he would be the person hidden deep in the sky, that unfathomably powerful old man.

However, Chu Feng did not receive any response.

There was no more voice coming from the sky above.

If it wasn’t for the giant bottomless craters in the ground, Chu Feng would even suspect if it had all been an illusion.

‘This senior is simply too powerful.’

‘It would appear that I have underestimated the cultivators of this era.’

‘It is only the Ancestral Martial Starfield and the All-heaven Starfield that are weak. There are still experts overseeing the other starfields. It would appear that there are still experts in this era capable of contending against the Ancient Era’s races.’

‘But, exactly who was it that saved me earlier? Could it be Yuan Shu’s master Grandmaster, Tang Chen?’

Such a thought appeared in Chu Feng’s head.

If it wasn’t Grandmaster Tang Chen, who would it be?

That said, regardless of who it might be, this was still good news.

This meant that there were indeed people amongst the modern cultivators capable of contending against the Ancient Era’s races.

That said, what had happened to Ya Fei, Murong Wan and Yan Ruyu caused Chu Feng to feel somewhat depressed.

If the three of them had truly had their bodies seized by the Galewind Hunting Clansmen, and their souls had already been expelled or even erased, Chu Feng would not be able to make it up to them anymore.

That said, if the three of them had really met with such fates, then, regardless of who had done it to them, Chu Feng would not spare anyone.

Even if it was the unfathomable and powerful Galewind Hunting Clan, he would still absolutely not spare them.

However, at least for now, Chu Feng was no match for the Galewind Hunting Clan.

Even with the borrowed power of the spirit formation, he had still been no match for the Galewind Hunting Clan. Thus, he truly did not dare to rashly enter their territory again.

If he were to enter again, he might really die there.

Furthermore, judging from the timing of things, there was still some time before the major event held by the All-heaven Sect.

Thus, he decided to not proceed for the All-heaven Sect right away. Instead, he decided to stay in the Reincarnation Upper Realm.

Chu Feng was planning to go find Song Ge.

Back then, he had only been concerned about not causing trouble for the Chu Heavenly Clan. That was why he had changed his appearance to Asura.

Thus, ever since he’d arrived at the All-heaven Upper Realm, he had taken on the appearance of Asura.

That said, Chu Feng had interacted with some people as Asura before he provoked the All-heaven Clan. Whilst Chu Feng was not concerned about the other people, he would feel very bad should something happen to Song Ge because of him.

Thus, Chu Feng wanted to find Song Ge and take her somewhere safe.

Chu Feng had even thought of a safe place already. The best choice he came up with was the Seven Suns Mountain Range. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chu Feng believed that Yuan Shu would be willing to shelter Song Ge.

Thus, Chu Feng began to proceed for Autumnfall Village beneath the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

............

After journeying for some time, Chu Feng soon arrived at the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

“This smell?”

However, before he reached Autumnfall Village beneath the Seven Suns Mountain Range, his brows frowned deeply.

He smelled the reek of blood. It was extremely intense. That reek of blood was being emitted from the Autumnfall Village Song Ge was in.

Chu Feng felt worried. He worried that Song Ge had encountered trouble. Thus, he immediately hastened his speed.

When Chu Feng arrived at Autumnfall Village, his heart tensed up.

Autumnfall Village was covered in corpses and blood. All of the villagers had been killed. Not a single person was left alive.

Furthermore, the way those people had been killed was extremely cruel. They seemed to have been tortured cruelly before their deaths. All of them completely mutilated. They’d even had their source energies sucked dry.

It was so bad that Chu Feng could not distinguish which corpse belonged to Song Ge.