Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3912 - Not Joking Around

“Damn it! Damn it all!”

Seeing the destroyed buildings and the devastated corpses, Chu Feng felt endless rage and self-blame.

In the end, he had arrived too late.

He should’ve gone to find Song Ge much earlier.

He should’ve found her the moment he offended the All-heaven Sect, and taken her somewhere safe.

After all, with the All-heaven Sect’s ability, it would not be difficult for them to find people with some relation to him.

At that moment, Chu Feng felt endless remorse. He felt that he had caused Song Ge’s death.

Chu Feng entered a state of endless self-blame.

“Asura.”

Suddenly, a voice was heard.

That voice was actually Song Ge’s voice.

Chu Feng immediately turned to the voice. Upon doing so, he saw a figure in the sky looking at him.

That person was none other than Song Ge.

“Song Ge, you’re alive?”

Chu Feng immediately stepped forward upon seeing her. He examined her carefully, and discovered that she was indeed Song Ge. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Asura, what’s going on?”

Song Ge looked to Chu Feng with confusion.

Chu Feng learned that Song Ge had left to visit her friend, and had only just returned. When she returned, she saw Chu Feng and the massacred village.

Chu Feng then told Song Ge what had happened.

He had offended the All-heaven Sect, and it was very possible that the village had massacred by the All-heaven Sect as revenge against him.

“All-heaven Sect? Asura, don’t blame yourself. You can’t be blamed for something like this.”

“The only ones to be blamed would be the All-heaven Sect. To even willfully slaughter the innocent, they are simply too vicious and merciless.”

“That said, Asura, why are you so foolish? Why would you decide to offend the All-heaven Sect of all people? The All-heaven Sect is the overlord of the All-heaven Starfield. They have countless experts. How could you possibly oppose them?”

“You should quickly leave the All-heaven Starfield. You cannot stay here any longer. Otherwise, with their strength, they will, sooner or later, catch you.”

Song Ge did not blame Chu Feng for the massacre of Autumnfall Village.

Instead, she began to comfort him, and was very worried about him.

Her behavior was rather understandable too. After all, she was from the All-heaven Starfield. To her, the people from the All-heaven Sect were simply akin to legends. The All-heaven Sect was simply the gods’ monastery and they, mere mortals..

Song Ge believed that a power like the All-heaven Sect was simply omnipotent, simply an existence that could not be contended against. That was the reason why she was so worried about Chu Feng.

“Rest assured, I can handle it. Instead, I am more worried about you.”

“It’s great to see that you’re fine. However, if I am to leave you alone, I’ll be extremely worried about your safety.”

“How about this: follow me to the Seven Suns Mountain Range,” said Chu Feng.

“Seven Suns Mountain Range, what are we going there for?” asked Song Ge.

“To find Grandmaster Yuan Shu. If I am to shamelessly ask for his help, he might be willing to have you stay in the Seven Suns Mountain Range. Should that happen, I will feel reassured. After all, the Seven Suns Mountain Range is very safe.”

There were reasons why Chu Feng felt the Seven Suns Mountain Range to be safe.

Ignoring Yuan Shu’s mention of the Seven Suns Mountain Range having a very powerful protective formation capable of withstanding even the Ancient Era’s organisms, Yuan Shu himself was also someone who was backed by an expert -- his master, Grandmaster Tang Chen.

Merely, Grandmaster Tang Chen was living incognito, and no one knew of his existence.

However, since Yuan Shu was backed by Grandmaster Tang Chen, Chu Feng felt that no one in the entire All-heaven Starfield would dare to provoke him. Even if someone dared to provoke him, they would only be kicking a steel plate, and suffer instead.

“You mean to say you know Grandmaster Yuan Shu?”

After hearing Chu Feng’s words, Song Ge revealed a look of shock.

“Right. Are you willing to come? If you’re willing, we can bring your parents’ tombs over there too. Of course, we’ll need to first get Grandmaster Yuan Shu’s permission,” said Chu Feng.

“I’m willing, I’m willing. Of course I’m willing.”

Song Ge nodded repeatedly. She was extremely excited.

Although she no longer had any desire to cultivate after what had happened to her parents, she was still a martial cultivator.

She knew very well what sort of place the Seven Suns Mountain Range was. She also knew what sort of existence Grandmaster Yuan Shu was.

In Song Ge’s eyes, the All-heaven Sect was a gods’ monastery, and the people from the All-heaven Sect were all deities.

Likewise, the Seven Suns Mountain Range was also a gods’ monastery, and Grandmaster Yuan Shu was also a god-like existence.

“You really know Grandmaster Yuan Shu?”

“You’re not toying with me, right?”

However, soon, Song Ge’s expression changed. She became slightly skeptical of Chu Feng.

It wasn’t that she didn’t believe him. It was simply that this was akin to a dream for her.

Thinking back, she was merely an elder of the Void Cleanse Monastery.

Not to mention the All-heaven Sect, she was a very low-tier existence in the entire Reincarnation Upper Realm.

Yet now, she was going to be able to enter the Seven Suns Mountain Range that experts from all over the All-heaven Starfield wanted to enter. She truly felt as if she was dreaming.

“Do I look like I’m joking?”

“C’mon, let’s go.”

Chu Feng used his world spirit techniques to conceal both him and Song Ge.

Only then did he soar into the sky.

As Autumnfall Village was right at the foot of the Seven Suns Mountain Range, Chu Feng quickly arrived before the Seven Suns Mountain Range. He showed no sign of slowing down or stopping. Instead, he flew straight towards the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

“Asura, stop! There’s a spirit formation! The Seven Suns Mountain Range’s protective barrier is there! If you try to force your way through, we’ll be the ones that’ll suffer!”

Seeing that Chu Feng was actually ignoring the protective barrier and charging straight towards the Seven Suns Mountain Range, Song Ge was completely terrified, and immediately cried out in alarm.