Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3913 - Memory Energy Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Hearing Song Ge’s cry of alarm, Chu Feng was unable to keep himself from laughing out loud.

However, he did not stop. Instead, he increased his speed.

Seeing this, Song Ge immediately closed her eyes in fear.

However, the collision she anticipated did not occur. Instead, the fragrant aroma of plants assailed her nostrils. Song Ge opened her eyes and discovered that they’d already entered the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

The protective barrier that kept all the guests out of the Seven Suns Mountain Range was actually unable to stop them.

“You... how did you accomplish this?”

Song Ge looked to Chu Feng in disbelief.

She felt that it would be impossible for the defensive barrier around the Seven Suns Mountain Range to disappear.

She had grown up in the vicinity of the Seven Suns Mountain Range. Thus, she knew everything about it extremely well.

She was unable to understand how Chu Feng had managed to enter the Seven Suns Mountain Range.

However, at that moment, a scene that astonished Song Ge even more occurred.

“Lord Asura, you’ve come.”

The guards of the Seven Suns Mountain Range not only took the initiative to walk up to Chu Feng upon seeing him, but they were even very polite to him. It was as if he was someone major.

“Is Grandmaster Yuan Shu present?” asked Chu Feng.

“If it were others asking, he would definitely not be here. However, since you’re the one asking, he will definitely be here,” said the guards that came to greet Chu Feng. After saying those words, they began to escort him.

“Asura, you... exactly who are you?”

Song Ge looked to Chu Feng with a gaze filled with admiration.

Even though she had already admired his overwhelming strength when she first met him, she had never imagined that he would possess such an overwhelming status.

Not only was he able to come and go to the Seven Suns Mountain Range at will, unhindered by the protective barrier, even the guards of the Seven Suns Mountain Range were very cordial upon seeing him.

Especially that ‘If it were others asking, he would definitely not be here. However, since you’re the one asking, he will definitely be here.’

Those two sentences simply caused Song Ge’s scalp to feel numb.

At that moment, she suddenly realized why Asura dared to challenge the All-heaven Sect.

It turned out that Asura was simply unfathomable. He was much more formidable than she had imagined him to be.

After that, Chu Feng managed to meet Grandmaster Yuan Shu without any mishaps.

He informed Grandmaster Yuan Shu of the matter of him entering the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb, and obtaining the inheritances there.

The reason why he told Yuan Shu about it was because he wanted to use the opportunity to mention that he had entered the territory of the Galewind Hunting Clan, and ask Yuan Shu if the mysterious expert that had saved him might be Yuan Shu’s master, Grandmaster Tang Chen.

“Truly, congratulations, brother Chu Feng. To be able to obtain the inheritance of the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb, your future accomplishments are definitely unbounded.”

“You are truly worthy of being Senior Ox-nose’s disciple. As your elder brother, I am ashamed of my inferiority,” Grandmaster Yuan Shu had a very big smile on his face after learning about what had happened. He was truly feeling happy for Chu Feng.

“It would appear that brother Yuan Shu has also heard about the Great Monster Slayer Emperor?” asked Chu Feng.

“How could I not have? After all, the Great Monster Slayer Emperor was the most outstanding person to have emerged after the Ancient Era.”

“My master has mentioned to me multiple times that the Great Monster Slayer Emperor is someone we should learn from.”

“Unfortunately, the things regarding him are simply too ancient. Thus, I only know of his famed name, and do not know any concrete details regarding him,” said Yuan Shu.

“Brother Yuan Shu, in that case, who do you think saved me from the Galewind Hunting Clan? Could it be your master, Grandmaster Tang Chen?” asked Chu Feng.

“That’s hard to say. Although there aren’t a lot of experts in the All-heaven Starfield, there are actually a lot of cultivators in the entire Holy Light Galaxy. There are many seniors that have discovered the Ancient Era’s organisms like my master. Thus, I cannot be certain,” said Yuan Shu.

“Regardless of who it was, that senior saved my life. I truly wanted to thank him personally,” said Chu Feng.

“To him, saving you was a task of slight effort. Thus, you don’t have to be too concerned with it. That said... those three friends of yours, are they really that important to you?”

“They were actually able to make you brave such risks to enter the territory of an Ancient Era’s race?” asked Yuan Shu.

“They are very important. However... they might’ve already encountered mishaps,” Chu Feng began to blame himself as he said those words.

“That’s not for certain. Perhaps what you saw wasn’t a remnant soul.”

“Instead, it may have been memory energy,” said Yuan Shu.

“Memory energy? What’s that?” asked Chu Feng.

“I only know about memory energy from my master.”

“For some people, if they have their memory forcibly wiped, their memory will form an energy, and drift about like remnant souls.”

“The memory energy is like a wandering soul. It is able to enter one’s dreams and illusions. However, they are ever-drifting. Even if one is to come in contact with them, it will only last for a short while.”

“According to the situation that you’ve described, what you encountered doesn’t resemble a remnant soul. After all, if it were a remnant soul, it wouldn’t have dispersed right after you came in contact with it, no? That wouldn’t make sense.”

“Thus, I feel it much more likely to be memory energy.”

“After all, it is very possible that those three friends of yours didn’t recognize you because they’ve lost their memory. It’s not necessarily that they had their bodies seized by others,” said Yuan Shu.

“There’s really such a possibility?” asked Chu Feng.

“Of course,” Yuan Shu nodded with certainty.

“If that’s the case, it would truly be great.”

Chu Feng deeply hoped that Yan Ruyu, Ya Fei and Murong Wan’s conditions were as Yuan Shu had said.

They didn’t have their bodies seized. Instead, it was their memories of the past that had been taken from them.

After all, if they’d had their bodies seized, it was very possible that their souls had already been destroyed.

However, if it was their memories that they’d been stripped of, it might be possible for them to regain them.