Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3915 - Yuan Shu’s Advice

After learning about the matter with the Red-dress Holy Land, Chu Feng asked the guard, “Can I still see Grandmaster Yuan Shu?”

The reason why he asked that was because Grandmaster Yuan Shu knew that he had an extraordinary relationship with Yin Zhuanghong.

If Chu Feng were to meet him now, he would most definitely speak on her behalf.

Because of that, Chu Feng felt that Grandmaster Yuan Shu might not necessarily be willing to see him now.

“If you wish to see him, that’s naturally no issue,” said that Seven Suns Mountain Range’s guard.

“Yin Zhuanghong, wait for me here.”

After saying those words, guided by that Seven Suns Mountain Range’s guard, Chu Feng returned to Grandmaster Yuan Shu’s location.

“Brother Chu Feng, if you want to ask me to help her, you can forget about it.”

Grandmaster Yuan Shu spoke immediately upon seeing Chu Feng. Sure enough, he knew of his purpose.

“Brother Yuan Shu, since you’re capable of helping, why are you ignoring her pleas?” asked Chu Feng.

“Brother Chu Feng, I’ve told you from the very start that I am different from you.”

“Whilst it is true that the Red-dress Holy Land is an upright power, and I also know that they’ve wanted to open that Ancient Era’s Blood Refinement Pond for a very long time now, and know that slaughtering the innocent and using the lives of others to refine Bloodsoul Aura would greatly accelerate the speed to allow them to open the Ancient Era’s Blood Refinement Pond much faster, they did not do that.”

“Thus, I have a very good impression of the Red-dress Holy Land.”

“However, even if they’re an upright power, even if my impression of them is very good, must I save them? They are completely unrelated to me. I do not possess the obligation or the responsibility, to save them,” said Yuan Shu.

“Brother Yuan Shu, I am truly grateful that you’re willing to shelter Song Ge.”

“Actually, you and I have only known each other for a short moment ourselves. For you to be willing to help me like this, I am most grateful. I, Chu Feng, will firmly remember your kindness.”

“Unfortunately, I have something important that I must do, and cannot stay for long. Thus, I will be taking my leave.”

“I will come and pay brother Yuan Shu a visit another day.”

Chu Feng clasped his fist as he said those words to Yuan Shu.

After saying those words, he turned around and planned to leave.

“Brother Chu Feng, are you angry at this older brother of yours?” asked Yuan Shu.

“Of course not. Why would I be angry at brother Yuan Shu? Because Brother Yuan Shu didn’t help the Red-dress Holy Land?”

“No, I wouldn’t get angry for something like that. It is as brother Yuan Shu said, you don’t have the responsibility to help them.”

“I’ve come here mainly to bid farewell. Asking brother Yuan Shu why you’re unwilling to help was merely in passing.”

“I’d actually already guessed that brother Yuan Shu would not be willing to help even if I were the one to raise the subject.”

“Thus, I never had any thoughts of obtaining brother Yuan Shu’s assistance from the very start. This matter is actually somewhat dangerous. I do not have the qualifications to make you take on such dangers either,” said Chu Feng.

All the things Chu Feng said were what he truly felt. It was true that he did not blame Yuan Shu. Instead, he fully understood his standpoint.

“As your older brother, I am very grateful that brother Chu Feng is capable of understanding my viewpoint.”

“As for the important matter that you spoke of, you must be planning to rescue the Red-dress Holy Land, right?”

“However, you must know that there are a lot of Utmost Exalted-level experts amongst the Red-dress Holy Land’s elders.”

“Even they are trapped right now. How exactly will you help them?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“If you are to go there, wouldn’t you be throwing your life away?” asked Yuan Shu.

“Although I do not know much about that Ancient Era’s Blood Refinement Pond, since there’s a spirit formation inside, there must be a formation core in there too.”

“In terms of cultivation, I will indeed not be of any help. However, should I be able to use my world spirit techniques inside the Ancient Era’s Blood Refinement Pond, then perhaps I will be of help.”

“In any case, I will have to give it a try. After all, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster once saved my life. Even if I am to brave death, I must still repay her grace,” said Chu Feng.

“Brother Chu Feng, since you’re insistent on going, I am able to give you some advice,” said Yuan Shu.

“Brother Yuan Shu, please do tell,” Chu Feng said immediately. He knew that Yuan Shu’s advice would definitely be of great help.

“The entrance to the Ancient Era’s Blood Refinement Pond is currently blocked by that group of mysterious people. You will not be able to enter through there.”

“However, there’s actually another entrance to the Ancient Era’s Blood Refinement Pond. As for that entrance, not even the Red-dress Holy Land know about it.”

“If you are to enter through that entrance, you will be able to go straight into the depths of the formation core. If you’re capable enough, you might even be able to obtain the power of the formation core. If you obtain its power, you will naturally be able to help the Red-dress Holy Land out of their perilous situation.”

“However, that entrance is very dangerous. If you’re not careful, you might end up dying in there before even seeing the people from the Red-dress Holy Land.”

“Of course, I believe you will not be afraid of the dangers,” said Yuan Shu.

“Brother Yuan Shu knows me too well. Since there’s a chance, I will definitely grasp it firmly. Brother Yuan Shu, please tell me where that entrance is located,” said Chu Feng.

“Look, it’s here. It’s actually very close,” Yuan Shu tossed a map to Chu Feng.

Sure enough, the entrance was quite close.

“Brother Yuan Shu, thanks a lot.”

Chu Feng put the map away as he spoke. Then, he bowed respectfully to thank Yuan Shu.

“We’re brothers, there’s no need for formalities. I hope brother Chu Feng will be able to return safely. Don’t forget, the grand formation my master meticulously set up is still waiting for you to breach it,” said Chu Feng.

“I, Chu Feng, will definitely return.”

Chu Feng smiled, and then left.

As the people from the Red-dress Holy Land were trapped in a perilous situation, he must make haste.