Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3922 - Obliterating Everyone

“We... we...”

After being reminded by Chu Feng, the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen really did turn their gazes to their dantians. It was only then that they discovered that their dantians’ ulceration had gotten much more serious, and their cultivations were leaking out.

However, they did not feel any pain and, had it not been for Chu Feng’s reminder causing them to look to their dantians, they wouldn’t have even detected that they had become so severely damaged.

If it wasn’t for Chu Feng’s reminder, they might not even know how they were killed. Silently, they would’ve been engulfed by that terrifying power.

What brought them the greatest despair was that, no matter what sort of ability they tried to use, they were unable to stop their dantians from rotting.

At that moment, they knew that the Red-dress Holy Land’s Supreme Elder had not lied to them, and that Asura before them also was not lying to them.

They were indeed going to die. Even if Asura did not kill them, they would not live much longer either.

Suddenly, Linghu Zhishi looked upward and shouted explosively, “Chu Feng!”

His voice was filled with despair and unwillingness.

Chu Feng originally thought that Linghu Zhishi had managed to recognize him, and was slightly surprised.

However, he soon discovered that Linghu Zhishi was not looking at him at all. Instead, he seemed to be shouting at no one.

“Chu Feng, had it not been for you, our Linghu Heavenly Clan would not have fallen to this degree!”

“Chu Feng, I, Linghu Zhishi, am unable to kill you in this lifetime. However, in my next life, I will find you for revenge!”

Linghu Zhishi spoke every word with fuming rage between gritted teeth. Practically every single word from him was filled with concentrated hatred towards Chu Feng.

After Linghu Zhishi finished shouting those words, he began to gather his blood-red gaseous flames towards the sky.

After the blood-red gaseous flames soared into the sky, they formed an enormous blood-colored sickle. That sickle was then sent towards his body.

Linghu Zhishi was trying to commit suicide.

After discovering that he was soon to die, Linghu Zhishi chose to vent his anger and hatred for Chu Feng and then end his life through suicide instead of waiting for his death.

“Bang~~~”

However, before that sickle made of blood-red gaseous flames could land on Linghu Zhishi’s body, it was suddenly sliced in two.

It was Chu Feng. Chu Feng used the power of the formation core to prevent Linghu Zhishi’s suicide.

“You!”

At that moment, Linghu Zhishi and even the other Linghu Heavenly Clansmen were all looking at Chu Feng with confused looks.

They were unable to understand why this youngster by the name of Asura would keep their Lord Clan Chief from commiting suicide.

“I suddenly feel that I shouldn’t let you all die unknowingly.”

Chu Feng looked to Linghu Zhishi. The corners of his mouth rose into a ridiculing curve.

“You... what do you mean by that?”

Linghu Zhishi was completely confused. However, he had a faint feeling that something bad was about to happen.

“You still don’t understand? That’s fine. Look carefully, and you’ll understand.”

Chu Feng smiled. Then, his appearance began to change.

Under the gaze of the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s hundred thousand clansmen, Chu Feng’s appearance changed from Asura’s appearance to his own.

............

......

Silence filled the surroundings. It was weirdly quiet.

However, immediately after, loud shouts akin to a torrential rain sounded all at once. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Chu Feng!”

Linghu Zhishi and many others from the Linghu Heavenly Clan all shouted out Chu Feng’s name furiously.

“It’s you! It’s actually you! Asura is actually your disguise?!”

Gnashing his teeth, Linghu Zhishi glared at Chu Feng. When he realized that the terrifyingly talented Asura was actually the person he loathed the most, Chu Feng, he was unable to contain his feelings of unreconciliation.

It turned out that the man who had become their obstruction in the All-heaven Starfield’s Reincarnation Upper Realm was their enemy from the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

It turned out that he was not only going to die in a foreign land, but he was still going to die by Chu Feng’s hands.

“Do you all know why I recognized you now?”

“How could I, Chu Feng, forget your ugly faces?”

There was a faint smile on Chu Feng’s face. That was an extremely mocking smile.

Oh what irony it was. The people that stood high and above, people that ruled over everything, and had even dispatched their army to his clan with the intention of killing him, were now reduced to ants before him.

Anger and killing intent filled their eyes.

The anger and killing intent in their eyes at that moment was many times more intense than before.

However, they were more powerless than ever.

Compared to the battle at the Chu Heavenly Clan back then, the Linghu Heavenly Clan at that moment was truly akin to ants before Chu Feng.

At least, at that moment, they did not even possess the capability to fight him.

“Drop dead!”

Suddenly, Linghu Zhishi shouted crazily.

At the same time, he used his Bloodsoul Aura to gather his blood-red gaseous flames to launch an attack at Chu Feng.

Linghu Zhishi was not the only person. At the same time, the Linghu Heavenly Clan’s Supreme Elders and all the other clansmen present gathered their blood-red gaseous flames to attack Chu Feng.

They wanted to kill him.

“Utter fools.”

However, facing their attacks, Chu Feng merely smiled and shook his head.

Suddenly!

The smile disappeared from Chu Feng’s face, and an ice-cold expression appeared in his eyes.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh, woosh~~~”

In the next instant, countless blood-red sickles flew rapidly through the sky.

Following that, the surroundings grew completely quiet again.

At that moment, the ground was covered in blood, and the decapitated bodies of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen.

Chu Feng did not show any mercy. All those Linghu Heavenly Clansmen that had nearly killed him in the past were obliterated by him.