Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3923 - The Place Of Extreme Yin

After killing all of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen, Chu Feng gathered their Cosmos Sacks ands all of their treasures.

Even though Chu Feng would not use those things himself, they would still get him quite a bit of wealth should he sell them. Thus, he would naturally not waste them.

Of course, the valuable things they possessed were not limited to only those surface-level worldly possessions. Even though they were already dead, their bodies still had special value.

That is... their source energies.

Using his world spirit techniques, Chu Feng extracted all of their source energies and stored them away.

Over a hundred thousand martial cultivation experts’ source energies was no small matter.

There were even Utmost Exalted-level experts’ source energies amongst them.

Thus, at that moment, Chu Feng had gathered quite an ample amount of source energies.

“My dear queen, I’ve prepared a present for you.”

“It’ll be there for you once you awake.”

Chu Feng carefully put the source energies away after saying those words in his heart.

To martial cultivators, source energy did not have any use at all. However, they were the main resource for world spirits to train with.

Chu Feng had decided to regard all of the Linghu Heavenly Clansmen’s source energies as a gift for Her Lady Queen.

After taking care of the Linghu Heavenly Clan, Chu Feng went to find Yin Zhuanghong.

Upon seeing Chu Feng, the people of the Red-dress Holy Land, regardless of whether they were elders or disciples, all had looks of gratitude on their faces. In fact, even the elders were weeping bitter tears.

What they’d experienced earlier was simply akin to a nightmare to them. It was Chu Feng who had woken them up from that nightmare. It was Chu Feng who saved their lives.

“Seniors and elders, the All-heaven Sect can be considered to have gone completely hostile towards your Red-dress Holy Land.”

“What plan do you all have now?” asked Chu Feng.

“As matters stand there is no other choice. We will have to go find our Lady Headmaster,” said the leading Red-dress Holy Land’s Supreme Elder.

“May I know where Senior Headmaster is right now?” asked Chu Feng.

“Regarding that...” The Supreme Elder revealed a look of difficulty at Chu Feng’s question.

“This junior understands,” Chu Feng realized that the Red-dress Holy Land’s Supreme Elder was unwilling to tell him.

“Young friend Chu Feng, you are the one that saved our lives. Logically, we shouldn’t be hiding this from you. However, Lady Headmaster told us that even if we are to lose our lives, we cannot expose her location.”

“Actually, to bring all these elders and disciples to find Lady Headmaster is an enormous offense for me. However, as things were, I had no choice,” said that Red-dress Holy Land’s Supreme Elder.

“Lady Elder, I can understand.”

Chu Feng felt the current situation to be very normal. While him saving them was indeed an enormous act of grace, the All-heaven Sect’s Supreme Elder had attempted to kill him in the Red-dress Holy Land. Had it not been for the Red-dress Holy Land’s Headmaster coming to his rescue, he might’ve died already.

Thus, Chu Feng felt that he had returned the favor that he owed the Red-dress Holy Land.

Besides, even if it weren’t to return the favor, an act of kindness remained only that -- an act of kindness. One couldn’t possibly reveal all of one’s secrets just because that person was one’s benefactor.

Those were two completely separate matters.

“Young friend Asura is our Red-dress Holy Land’s noble guest. There is no need to conceal this sort of thing from him.”

Suddenly, a voice was heard. Then, a figure appeared before the crowd.

Seeing that person, the people from the Red-dress Holy Land were all overjoyed.

The reason for that was because the person who had appeared was the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster.

“Lady Headmaster.”

The people from the Red-dress Holy Land immediately gathered around their Headmaster.

They also roughly explained what had happened to her.

After learning what had happened, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster made the same decision as the Supreme Elder. She decided to abandon the Red-dress Holy Land for the time being so that they could hide themselves.

After all, even though she was capable of taking on Tuoba Chengan, she was no match for the All-heaven Sect’s sectmaster.

If the All-heaven Sect was truly so deranged as to command their army to attack their Red-dress Holy Land, only death awaited their Red-dress Holy Land.

Originally, Chu Feng had planned to leave, as he’d already settled the matter.

However, to his surprise, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster insisted on inviting him to join them.

After being firmly refused by Chu Feng, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster informed him of her difficult problem.

It turned out that the reason she was inviting Chu Feng to join them was due to selfish motives. She had something she needed his help with.

Chu Feng refused at the start because he did not wish to be involved in the Red-dress Holy Land’s private matters; he did not wish to intrude upon their secrets.

He was able to guess that the place they planned to seek shelter, was definitely a very secret location. Otherwise, they would’ve gone there to seek refuge from the very start. There was no need for them to seek refuge in the Ancient Era’s Blood Refinement Pond.

However, after learning that the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster actually needed his help, Chu Feng decided to accompany them.

After journeying for a while, they arrived at a forest.

That forest did not appear to be special at all. There was only one particular aspect to that forest -- it was very desolate. There were no powers in the vicinity. In fact, no living things could even be seen.

There were only some low-level ferocious beasts that did not possess any intelligence living in the forest.

That being said, Chu Feng was able to tell with a single glance from his Heaven’s Eyes that it was extraordinary.

The geology of that place created a hidden image. That image resembled a coffin, which was filled with Yin aura.

Most importantly, that place was deliberately set up in such a manner by someone.

The purpose of setting up the geology of that place in such a manner was to absorb the extreme Yin aura of the world and gather them underneath the forest.

According to Chu Feng’s judgement, that place had been established in such a manner for at least ten thousand years. It was even possible for it to have been established for tens of thousands of years.

Throughout the years, it had been absorbing the world’s extreme Yin aura day and night.

Chu Feng suspected that the place beneath the forest should be filled with Yin aura, and extremely eerie. It was even possible for there to be terrifying beings with intelligence beneath the forest created from the gathered Yin auras.

“Was this place established by your Red-dress Holy Land?” Chu Feng asked Yin Zhuanghong through voice transmission.

“No." Yin Zhuanghong shook her head.

“Then, was your master here earlier?” asked Chu Feng.

“That’s right.” Yin Zhuanghong nodded.

“What was she doing here? Can this place be used for cultivation?” asked Chu Feng. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“This place is a forbidden area. Before, apart from my master, only myself and the Supreme Elders have been to this place.”

“Even I am unable to determine what use this place possesses.”

“However, do not be afraid. My master will definitely not cause you harm,” Yin Zhuanghong said to Chu Feng.

“Do I look that cowardly?” asked Chu Feng.

“Didn’t you manage to determine what’s special about this place? Isn’t that why you’re asking me about it?” asked Yin Zhuanghong.

“I am merely curious,” said Chu Feng.

Then, as Chu Feng expected, they went underneath the forest.

Beneath the forest was a subterranean world.

Practically every corner of that subterranean world existed to absorb the world’s extreme Yin aura.

That place was truly eerie. It was so eerie that even the walls of that place were filled with frost.

“Why is this place so cold?”

“The outside is clearly so warm.”

At that moment, many disciples of the Red-dress Holy Land began to voice questions in confusion.

Even though they were martial cultivators, the cold of that place still brought a freezing chill to many of them.

This was very normal. After all, the cold there was no ordinary cold. Instead, it was a place of extreme Yin aura gathered for ten thousand or even tens of thousands of years.

Even though they were women, they still could not remain in contact with this sort of extreme Yin aura for too long. Otherwise, it would cause damage to their souls.