Chapter 3924 - A Little Nefarious

Sure enough, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster knew that they could not interact with the extreme Yin aura for an extended period of time.

Thus, she had deliberately prepared a place for them to rest.

That place was not only formed with spirit power, but there were also treasures inside that could specifically suppress the extreme Yin aura. Inside the place, one would not be able to sense the extreme Yin aura.

After arranging the people of the Red-dress Holy Land, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster began to lead Chu Feng into the depths of the underground world. The further they proceeded, the more intense the cold became.

En route, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster suddenly turned to Yin Zhuanghong. “Zhuanghong, you can return.”

“Ah?” Yin Zhuanghong was surprised. Very rarely did her master try to keep anything from her.

Her master’s refusal to have her follow them made it appear as if she had something that she did not want her to witness. This came as a surprise to Yin Zhuanghong.

“Master said for you to return,” the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster reemphasized.

“Yes.” Yin Zhuanghong did not dare to disobey her master. Thus, she turned around and left.

“Young friend Asura, please.”

After saying those words, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster returned to guiding Chu Feng.

As they proceeded further, Chu Feng started feeling uneasy.

The place ahead was not only filled with even more frost and even stronger cold, but it was also growing darker and darker the further they travelled.

Chu Feng knew what sort of place he was heading toward.

If that place was a coffin, then Chu Feng was currently entering the coffin.

As he expected, the moment he arrived at the centermost region of that place, even he, with his cultivation, started to feel cold. He had no choice but to use his martial power and world spirit techniques to withstand the extreme Yin aura.

However, that was not what was important. The important thing were the things that appeared before him.

There was a giant table, which was covered in materials.

Chu Feng was able to tell from a single glance what sort of items those materials could be refined into.

They were all sort of materials related to the soul.

They could be fused with one’s soul to produce a healing effect.

At the same time, they could be used as an effective killing weapon because they could hook one’s soul.

They had two extreme uses.

That said, regardless of whether they were used for healing or killing purposes, one would not be using a lot of such materials.

Yet, the number of materials that were placed on the table were many tens of thousands of times the required amount.

“Young friend Asura, I’ll have to trouble you with this. Please fuse those materials into this here.”

The Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster handed a jug to Chu Feng.

Although the jug appeared somewhat shabby and was already cracked, with the crack being mended, the jug emitted an Ancient Era’s aura. That jug was a treasure from the Ancient Era.

Most importantly, Chu Feng was able to sense the living aura emitted by the jug. The jug was most likely created from the ashes of the dead.

Chu Feng observed the jug carefully. From the jug, he could hear anguished wailings.

It seemed like there were countless innocent lives trapped within it.

Of course, that didn’t mean that the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster had trapped people in the jug. Rather, the jug itself was emitting a specific sort of aura.

Likely, this jug had already been like that back in the Ancient Era.

Although Chu Feng had no idea what use the jug might have, he felt it to be somewhat nefarious.

At that moment, Chu Feng was unable to keep himself from recalling something.

Earlier, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster had spared no effort to gamble with the Mystic Cave Saints.

The item that she wanted to win from them was called the YinYang Soulsealing Rope.

That day, for the sake of obtaining the YinYang Soulsealing Rope, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster went as far as to gamble using their Red-dress Holy Land’s Clan Protection Treasure.

Later on, Chu Feng had asked the Mystic Cave Saints what use the YinYang Soulsealing Rope possessed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

From them, Chu Feng learned that the YinYang Soulsealing Rope was used to tie up one’s soul. Rumor had it that the YinYang Soulsealing Rope was capable of allowing the dead to be reborn.

Thinking back, that place had been created several tens of thousands of years ago, and in the form of a coffin. Over all those years, that place had been absorbing extreme Yin auras.

Then, associating everything with the YinYang Soulsealing Rope’s usage, the materials on the table and that nefarious jug...

It all made Chu Feng feel that everything the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster had done so far might be for the sake of accomplishing something terrifying.

Seeing that Chu Feng was acting slightly absent-minded, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster asked all of a sudden, “Young friend Asura, what’s wrong? Could it be that this matter is very difficult even for you?”

“No, fusing them is not difficult. Merely, these materials are rather peculiar. Because of that, this junior is a bit curious. Senior, what are you planning to do once I’ve fused the materials?” asked Chu Feng.

“There are things that are unsuitable for me to tell young friend Asura. Thus, young friend Asura, you shouldn’t ask anymore. After all, it might not necessarily be a good thing for you to learn the secrets of others.”

The Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster actually had a gloomy expression on her face as she said those words. Especially her gaze was extremely threatening.

It seemed as if Chu Feng asked any more, she would immediately kill him.

Truth be told, at that moment, even Chu Feng felt slightly panicked.

“Hahaha!!!”

Suddenly, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster burst into laughter.

“I’m teasing young friend Asura. Young friend Asura, please don’t take things seriously.”

“Young friend, please rest assured. I’m having you help me fuse these materials for the sake of saving someone. I am most definitely not using them to harm people,” said the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster.

“Senior, you truly scared me earlier.” Chu Feng shook his head helplessly. He truly did not expect the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster to have such a naughty side too.

That said, Chu Feng still ended up helping the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster fuse those materials.

“Young friend Asura, truly, thank for you today.”

Seeing the completed product of the fusion surging in the jug like boiling water, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster revealed a grateful look.

Although this was a piece of cake for Chu Feng, she knew that it was not easy to fuse those materials.

If it were an ordinary Snake Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist, they might not even be able to fuse them.

“Senior, there’s actually something that this junior wishes to ask,” said Chu Feng.

“What is it? Young friend Asura, you can ask away,” said the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster.

“Senior, do you know where Spirit Spring Water might be found?”

“Or... do you know where one can purchase Spirit Spring Water?” asked Chu Feng.

Spirit Spring Water was an item capable of increasing one’s spirit power.

Although Chu Feng had obtained the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s inheritance and the gem that was capable of helping him reach a breakthrough to Dragon Mark Saint-cloak, he had discovered that his spirit power was actually unable to fully grasp that gem.

Thus, Chu Feng wanted to draw support from Spirit Spring Water to strengthen his own spirit power.

Unfortunately, Spirit Spring Water was extremely rare. It was something that could only be discovered, and not sought after. Furthermore, Chu Feng needed an enormous amount too.

That was the reason why he had decided to ask the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster.

He wanted to see if the overlord of the Reincarnation Upper Realm might be able to help him.