Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3933 - Scammer?

However, that semi-bald man replied with a smirk on his face, “Do you all think that this path is that easy? That strange oppressive might is simply too powerful. I’m already having a great deal of difficulty making this journey on my own. If I’m to bring someone along with me, I could very well miss the golden opportunity.”

“I’m only demanding an Immortal Armament from him. I feel my demand isn’t excessive at all.”

“Very well. I accept your condition. As long as you bring me with you, regardless of how far you can reach, I will give you an Immortal Armament,” said Chu Feng.

“What?”

The crowd all revealed sluggish expressions after hearing Chu Feng’s words.

Furthermore, they all looked at him like he was a fool.

Following that, the crowd burst into roaring, mocking laughter.

It was not only the bystanders that were laughing. Even the bald man who’d spoken to Chu Feng was laughing. Furthermore, he was laughing more frantically than anyone.

From this, it could be seen that he’d never believed that Chu Feng would be able to take out an Immortal Armament from the very start. He was merely trying to mess with him.

“Boy, you said you have an Immortal Armament? Come, bring it out and show it to me,” said the bald man with a ridiculing tone.

“Right, take it out and show us it.”

The friends of that bald man also began to heckle.

In fact, even the passers-by stopped and were looking over with curiosity.

Without saying anything, Chu Feng placed his hand on his Cosmos Sack.

Perhaps Immortal Armaments were priceless treasures to people like them, but to Chu Feng, they were nothing more than a pile of junk.

It wasn’t that Chu Feng was being arrogant. It was simply that he had too many Immortal Armaments in his Cosmos Sack.

Besides, Immortal Armaments were completely useless to him. Thus, not to mention demanding a single Immortal Armament, Chu Feng would not find any issue even if he were to demand ten Immortal Armaments.

“This...”

However, when Chu Feng’s palm touched his Cosmos Sack, he was suddenly stunned.

He was able to sense the possessions in his Cosmos Sack.

However, he was unable to retrieve anything.

It was the strange power from that place.

That power had not only sealed Chu Feng’s spirit power, but it had even sealed his Cosmos Sack.

“What’s wrong? Where’s the Immortal Armament?” asked the bald-headed man.

“Brother Zhang, it’s enough to just watch a bustling scene. Did you really think that this person here would be able to take out an Immortal Armament?”

The friends of that bald man started laughing and ridiculing again.

“It’s not that I do not have an Immortal Armament. It’s just that the power of this place has sealed my Cosmos Sack. If you don’t trust me, you can check your own Cosmos Sacks. See if you can take out something from them,” said Chu Feng.

Hearing those words, although the crowd continued to laugh and ridicule Chu Feng, they also placed their hands on their Cosmos Sacks. Upon doing so, they discovered that what Chu Feng had said was true.

“Oh-ho, I really can’t take anything out.”

“This fellow is truly capable. He actually knew that the strange power of this place seals away even Cosmos Sacks. That’s why he’s here scamming people.”

“No wonder he was able to reach this place with his rank one True Immortal-level cultivation. It would appear that he has scammed quite a lot of people.”

However, after verifying Chu Feng’s claim to be true, they not only refused to believe Chu Feng, but they instead began to insult him.

“I only need help. If you’re willing to help, I will reward you. If you’re unwilling to help, you can scram. Don’t stay here and ruin this young master’s mood,” unwilling to bother arguing with them, Chu Feng sat back down.

“Motherfucker! You’re nothing but a damn scammer, is this how you talk to your daddy?!”

Chu Feng’s words incurred the anger of that bald man.

“Boy, apologize to your daddy right away. Otherwise, today, your daddy will beat you up till you’re crippled!” said the bald man as he pointed at Chu Feng.

“Do you have a death wish?”

Chu Feng suddenly stood up. Even though his expression did not change in the slightest, the bald man shivered, took several steps back and nearly stumbled when Chu Feng’s gaze landed on him.

Although Chu Feng no longer possessed his Rank 8 Exalted-level cultivation, the killing intent of his gaze remained as sharp as ever.

It was Chu Feng’s killing intent that had scared the bald man like that.

“Brother Zhang, what’s wrong? You couldn’t possibly be scared by that scammer, right?”

“Haha, you were actually scared by a rank one True Immortal-level scammer? Brother Zhang, you’re truly useless.”

Seeing the bald man taking several steps back in fear and nearly stumbling to the ground, his friends began to ridicule him.

“Bullshit! How could I fear him?!”

The bald man was actually slightly panicky.

After all, he had truly felt terrified by Chu Feng’s gaze earlier.

He carefully sensed Chu Feng’s cultivation, and once again confirmed that he was only a rank one True Immortal.

Thus, being incited by his friends, he decided that it was impossible to stop midway, and it would be completely humiliating if he didn’t teach Chu Feng a lesson.

As such, he grabbed Chu Feng by his collar and lifted him up from his sitting position.

“Boy, I’ll repeat myself. Apologize to me immediately! Otherwise, your daddy will cripple you!”

“Pah~~~”

However, right after his words were finished, Chu Feng opened his mouth and spat a mouthful of spit on his face. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Motherfucker! I’m going to cripple you!”

Chu Feng’s action completely enraged that bald man. As he spoke, he raised his hand with the intention to attack Chu Feng.

Although Chu Feng’s cultivation had been reduced to that of a rank one True Immortal, he showed no fear towards that bald man.

Although his cultivation had decreased, his body’s constitution had not. His body remained as tough as before.

That man was merely a Heavenly Immortal. If he were truly to strike Chu Feng with his fist, not only would Chu Feng not sustain any injuries, but he himself would instead find his hand shattered from the impact.

“Paa~~~”

However, at the moment the bald man planned to attack Chu Feng with his fist, a palm suddenly appeared and grabbed the bald man’s fist.