Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3956 - What The Hell Was That?

When Her Lady Queen began her training, Chu Feng was only a Heavenly Immortal.

At that time, Chu Feng was still contending against the people of the younger generation.

At that time, Linghu Hongfei was still standing high and above, akin to a legend.

Back then, Linghu Hongfei was an existence that Chu Feng could not possibly contend against.

However, not only had Chu Feng now leapt out of the boundaries of Heavenly Immortal realm, but he had also leapt out of the Martial Immortal Realm. His cultivation was was about to reach peak Exalted.

In fact, Chu Feng was soon to become a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist, and gain the power to contend against Utmost Exalted.

Even the legendary person of the younger generation whose name shook the entire Ancestral Martial Starfield, Linghu Hongfei, had been killed by Chu Feng.

Should Chu Feng be able to smoothly break through to Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist, he would be able to take on even the peak existences of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

As for the people of the younger generation, there was simply no one capable of contending with him.

This sort of transformation was not minor at all.

Judging from the timing of things, it had not been particularly long. Yet, Chu Feng had made rapid progress.

Although Her Lady Queen had obtained the legendary Asura God Stone, she had been training for so long already. Chu Feng didn’t know if her harvest from the training after she awoke would be proportional to the amount of time she had spent training.

As such, Chu Feng wanted to help Her Lady Queen.

It just so happened that the cultivation resource Chu Feng had captured in Mount Ivory Valley days before would be of enormous help to world spirits.

Because of that, Chu Feng wanted to give that cultivation resource to Her Lady Queen to use.

At that moment, Chu Feng had taken out the cultivation resource.

“I hope that I can succeed this time.”

As Chu Feng spoke, he began to use his world spirit techniques to envelope Her Lady Queen with the cultivation resource.

Chu Feng began to slowly push the cultivation resource towards Her Lady Queen.

Soon, Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques began to change. He caused the cultivation resource to slowly split up, and turn into gases that began to assimilate with Her Lady Queen’s body.

What Chu Feng wanted to do was very simple.

The cultivation resource was not only very effective toward world spirits, but it was also completely calm, and not berserk in the slightest. Thus, there was simply no need to comprehend it. One could directly fuse with it.

Should the fusion be complete and successful, one would be able to increase their cultivation. The only thing that was needed was time to obtain fusion.

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, the cultivation resource that had already assimilated into Her Lady Queen’s body began to tremble. Then, all of the already assimilated cultivation resource flowed out from Her Lady Queen.

Although Her Lady Queen was completely unaffected by the process, so much so that she was still in the same posture, the enormous impact not only pushed all of the cultivation resource out, but it also forced Chu Feng back several steps.

The cultivation resource that Chu Feng had changed into a gaseous state once again returned to its former appearance.

“This happened again.”

“Is there something wrong with this cultivation resource?”

Chu Feng had a deep frown.

The thing puzzling Chu Feng was this.

After capturing the cultivation resource, Chu Feng had wanted to use it on Her Lady Queen.

In fact, that was precisely what he’d done. Furthermore, he had attempted it multiple times already.

Yet, the outcome of every attempt was as such. Although the cultivation resource was extremely calm and contained, it was unable to be used on Her Lady Queen.

It would always be rejected.

Almost everyday, Chu Feng had been changing his spirit formation, and trying his utmost to have the cultivation resource enter Her Lady Queen in the utmost perfect state.

This time around, Chu Feng had practically reached a peak, perfect state.

Yet, even with this, he still ultimately failed.

At that moment, Chu Feng turned his gaze to another direction.

Her Lady Queen was not the only exceptional beauty in the world spirit space.

There was another exceptional beauty: Yu Sha.

Although Yu Sha’s beauty was inferior to Her Lady Queen’s, she had her own distinctive airs.

Of course, Chu Feng did not turn to Yu Sha because of her beauty. Instead, it was because of the cultivation resource.

Chu Feng once again controlled the cultivation resource with his spirit power.

Merely, this time around, Chu Feng pushed the cultivation resource towards Yu Sha after changing it into its gaseous state.

Chu Feng wanted to determine if it was the cultivation resource that had an issue, or if it was Her Lady Queen who was opposing it.

If it was the cultivation resource that had an issue, Chu Feng would think of another way to assimilate it with Her Lady Queen. If the cultivation resource was able to smoothly assimilate with Yu Sha, it would mean that Her Lady Queen was the one resisting it.

Should that be the case, Chu Feng felt that he might as well give it to Yu Sha.

To Chu Feng’s surprise, not only did the cultivation resource assimilate smoothly with Yu Sha, but the assimilation speed was also extremely fast, so fast that it made Chu Feng speechless.

When Chu Feng was attempting to assimilate the cultivation resource into Her Lady Queen’s body, he had to push the cultivation resource into her using his world spirit techniques.

However, after the cultivation resource approached Yu Sha, it was directly absorbed into her body.

One was opposing the cultivation resource, whereas the other was thirsting for it. There was a clear-cut difference between the two.

“It’s actually really Eggy who’s opposing it?”

“Milady Queen, exactly what is going on with you?”

“Why would you not want such a good thing?”

After the cultivation resource thoroughly fused with Yu Sha, Chu Feng turned to Her Lady Queen with a complicated look in his eyes.

Even though he knew that nothing would happen to Her Lady Queen, he was unable to keep himself from worrying because he cared too much about her.

What brought Chu Feng the greatest sense of helplessness was that he was unable to do anything. He also could not wake up Her Lady Queen. Thus, he could only wait for her to wake up on her own.

He sighed. “Let’s hope that Yu Sha will be able to benefit properly from this cultivation resource.”

Chu Feng looked to Yu Sha.

Even though his relationship with Yu Sha was nowhere as deep as his relationship with Her Lady Queen, Chu Feng actually had a very good impression of Yu Sha.

Yu Sha was also someone that Chu Feng was willing to protect with his life.

Although Chu Feng would definitely set aside the best things for Her Lady Queen, even though he admitted that he was very partial toward Her Lady Queen, he still hoped that Yu Sha would be able to become stronger.

Then, Chu Feng returned his awareness to his body.

With that, he began to release Spirit Spring Water. Chu Feng used the Spirit Spring Water to increase his spirit power. Then, he began to comprehend the gem he had obtained from the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb that was capable of increasing his world spirit techniques.

Chu Feng had used the Spirit Spring Water to help with his comprehension multiple times already.

And now, he had reached a crucial juncture.

Thus, everything went as expected, and Chu Feng managed to thoroughly comprehend the mysteries of the gem. With that, he managed to raise his spirit power to a completely different level.

Spirit power was very similar to martial power. The strength of one’s spirit power determined the power of one’s cultivation.

When Chu Feng’s spirit power reached a certain level, he would be able to link up with even more powerful spirit power.

At that moment, the spirit power Chu Feng was capable of linking with had reached Dragon Mark.

Chu Feng had became a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

Having become a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist, Chu Feng could now contend against Utmost Exalted-level experts with his spirit power.

“What’s that?”

When Chu Feng linked with Dragon Mark Saint-level spirit power, he sensed a special existence.

This special existence was hidden deep within his spirit power. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

It seemed like a dragon but wasn’t a dragon. Whilst it only had a rough shape, it was extremely sacred. Furthermore, it contained an astonishing power within it.

Being faintly discernible, it seemed like it could disappear at any moment. That made it appear even more mysterious and enticing for Chu Feng.

In Chu Feng’s journey as a world spiritist, he had traveled through White Cloak, Grey Cloak, Blue Cloak, Purple Cloak, Gold Cloak, Royal Cloak, Immortal Cloak, Exalted Cloak and now Dragon Mark Saint Cloak.

It could be said that Chu Feng had obtained accomplishments that many people could not attain in their entire lives.

Chu Feng also had his own unique understanding of world spirit techniques.

He had believed that his knowledge of world spirit techniques was extremely thorough.

However, it was the first time that he had encountered something like this. Because of that, he truly wanted to know exactly what this thing that had suddenly appeared was.

As such, Chu Feng used his spirit power to link with it. He wanted to completely analyze what exactly this mysterious thing was with his spirit power.

“Wuuahh~~~”

However, right after Chu Feng’s spirit power came in contact with it, his spirit power immediately scattered, and he himself felt as if his head was about to explode.

Pain filled his entire body, and he began to scream uncontrollably.

At that instant, Chu Feng’s awareness was not only sent back into his body, but he felt that his head and his entire body had gone numb. With a ‘putt,’ he fell onto his butt.

Chu Feng appeared like someone who had just woken up from a serious illness. Not only was his head muddled, but his body and senses were also very dull.

When Chu Feng regained his senses, fear filled his eyes.

“What the hell was that?” he cried out uncontrollably.