Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3959 - The Grand Occasion Begins

Sensing that the situation was very bad, Wang Chen had wanted to soar into the sky and quickly escape.

However, when he attempted to do so, he discovered that he was not only unable to fly, but his legs had also become very heavy. He was simply unable to move a single step.

Oppressive might. An oppressive might had restricted them.

“Hehe. Don’t leave. I’ve yet to finish watching this show.”

“Right right right. Go on, continue. I shall see exactly how deranged you all can be,” the Mystic Cave Saints said with mischievous laughter.

Even though they sounded like they were intending to enjoy the show some more, they were actually mocking Wang Chen and his accomplices.

“Milords, we never intended to disturb you all. We truly had no idea you were here.”

“I, Wang Chen, apologize to Milords. Please don’t bicker with us, people of the younger generation.”

Wang Chen revealed a look of apology, and bowed respectfully towards Chu Feng and the Mystic Cave Saints.

Realizing that the situation was bad, he... immediately cowered.

“Younger generation? You think that you’re the only person of the younger generation here? Our brother here is also a person of the younger generation,” Eleventh pointed to Chu Feng.

Wang Chen and his accomplies revealed wry expressions.

They were able to tell that Chu Feng was at least an Exalted. How could he possibly be a person of the younger generation? Even if they were to be beaten to death, they would not believe that.

However, they did not dare to refute Eleventh. Wang Chen was an intelligent person; he knew that in such a place and before people with cultivations far superior to their own, their best choice would be to cower before them.

“Seniors, Milords, we have neither grievance nor hatred with you all. Please, give us a way out.”

“I, Wang Chen, will definitely be extremely grateful.”

Wang Chen continued to beg for forgiveness. Compared to before, he behaved even more petty and low.

Wang Chen was not the only one. His accomplices were also begging for forgiveness.

Not only were they acting very petty and low, but they’d even begun to stutter, and their legs were trembling. They were much more terrified than Wang Chen.

Only Song Xiao remained completely indifferent. It was as if he had nothing to do with any of it.

“Rest assured, we will not meddle in your personal grievances.”

“Actually, there’s a task that I need your help with.”

Chu Feng revealed a mischievous smile.

Seeing that smile on Chu Feng’s face, Wang Chen and his accomplices tensed up. They realized that it was definitely something bad. Yet, they still asked, “A task? Senior, what task do you need our help with?”

“Actually, I only need your help. Only you will be able to help me,” Chu Feng said to Wang Chen.

“Me?”

Wang Chen started to panic even more after hearing those words. His lips started twitching. He was so scared that he was on the verge of crying.

“Right, you.”

The mischievous smile on Chu Feng’s face grew even denser.

“Milord, please spare me, please spare me.”

“I was wrong. Please give me another chance.”

Suddenly, Wang Chen actually began weeping and begging for forgiveness.

This scene not only surprised Chu Feng, but it also stunned the other disciples.

The Wang Chen in their minds was not this weak and cowardly.

Sure enough, one could not judge a person by their appearance.

Only at a crucial juncture could one determine if someone had moral backbone.

Seeing the tear-filled Wang Chen shouting and begging loudly, and then looking back to Song Xiao, who stood beside them, the Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciples had a different sort of expression in their eyes. They seemed to... be admiring Song Xiao.

“Rest assured, I will not kill you. I merely need to borrow your identity.”

As Chu Feng spoke, his appearance began to change. Soon, he looked exactly the same as Wang Chen.

“Thus, you need to cooperate with me and let me know more about you,” Chu Feng said to Wang Chen.

The reason why Chu Feng was doing all this was naturally because Wang Chen was someone who was allowed to represent the Wind Lightning Sword Sect to fight over the treasures with the various people of the younger generation.

Although Chu Feng was also a person of the younger generation, he couldn’t possibly openly attempt to enter that scramble for the treasures.

Thus, to disguise himself as a person of the younger generation who was qualified to enter would be the simplest method.

As for that Wang Chen, he was evidently a pretty decent choice.

Then, Wang Chen and his accomplices, including even that Song Xiao, were all imprisoned by the Mystic Cave Saints with their world spirit techniques.

As for Chu Feng, he changed into Wang Chen’s clothes and placed the Wind Lightning Sword on his back. With that, he prepared to proceed for the All-heaven Sect.

Judging from the timing of things, that so-called grand occasion was about to begin.

Before leaving, Chu Feng pointed to that Song Xiao. “Oh, that’s right. Once the scramble begins, let’s release that person.”

“Sure, that’s no problem at all.”

The Eleventh of the Mystic Cave Saints immediately agreed to Chu Feng’s instruction.

As for Song Xiao, he was somewhat confused.

As matters stood, they had a rough idea of Chu Feng’s goal.

They knew that Chu Feng wanted the treasure, and had decided to disguise himself as Wang Chen to sneak in.

“If you are to release me, do you not fear that I will expose you?” Song Xiao asked Chu Feng.

“Since I dare to release you, I naturally wouldn’t be afraid of you exposing me.”

“That said, you should instead think carefully about whether the Wind Lighting Sword Sect is where you belong.”

After saying those words, Chu Feng soared into the sky and began flying towards where the Wind Lightning Sword Sect was located.

The Eldest of the Mystic Cave Saints also led the majority of the Mystic Cave Saints to follow him.

Only the Tenth and Eleventh of the Mystic Cave Saints remained to guard the Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciples.

After Chu Feng left, Song Xiao’s gaze turned pensive. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He was pondering the words Chu Feng had said before he left.

Eleventh said to Tenth with a sigh, “Tenth brother, the two of us have truly been wronged. Big brother, brother Asura and the rest all left to enjoy a show.”

“Only the two of us are staying here to guard this trash.”

“The way I see it, we might as well kill them. Why bother wasting our precious time guarding them?” Once Eleventh said those words, Wang Chen and others all turned ashen from fear.

Then, loud sounds of kowtows and begging could be heard nonstop.

“Milord, please be lenient with us.”

“That Lord from earlier said that he would spare our lives. Milords, you two can’t go back on his promise.”

They were extremely afraid that the two people before them would decide to kill them out of displeasure.

“Truly a bunch of spineless cowards.”

Seeing the appearance of Wang Chen and the others, Eleventh let out a voice of contempt.

“Eleventh, don’t be in such a rush. Once the scramble for the treasure begins, we’ll be able to go over too.”

“Since brother Asura and big brother don’t want to take their lives, let’s listen to them,” Tenth said.

Eleventh sighed again. “You’re right. But, waiting here is simply too boring.”

“How about we find some fun with them?”

Eleventh turned to Wang Chen and the other disciples with a mischievous smile on his face.

Hearing those words, Wang Chen and the others that were begging tensed up again.

Then, they began shivering. Even though they had no idea what Eleventh planned to do to them, they felt intensely uneasy.

......

All-heaven Sect. They were not only the overlord of the All-heaven Upper Realm, but they were also the overlords of the All-heaven Starfield.

Logically, the All-heaven Sect’s territory should be incomparably divine. It should be a place worshipped by powers from all over.

However, to the majority of people, the territory of the All-heaven Sect was mysterious.

The reason for that was because of the rules established by the All-heaven Sect.

Unless one was invited by them, no one was allowed to set foot into the All-heaven Sect’s territory.

That said, it was different at that moment.

Due to the grand occasion, the All-heaven Sect had invited famous powers from the entire All-heaven Starfield.

Not only that, but they’d also invited many powers from the other five starfields.

This was truly, in both name and reality, a grand occasion.