Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3964 - Chu Feng’s Decision

“Boom~~~”

“Boom~~~”

“Boom~~~”

“Boom~~~”

At the moment when the crowd were confused, lightning began striking down from the sea of lightning.

The purple lightning was extremely fierce. There were a total of twelve lightning bolts. Like purple dragons, they shot down from the sky and smashed into the ground.

When the purple lightning struck the ground, the earth started to tremble violently.

The trembling of the ground seemed to have awoken something. Firefly-like objects began to appear from the surface of the earth.

However, those firefly-like objects were over ten times the size of regular fireflies. They were also multi-colored, and resembled transparent bubbles. Emitting glimmers, they were very beautiful.

“So beautiful.”

Many female disciples were attracted by the bodies of light that suddenly appeared from beneath the ground.

Suddenly, someone pointed afar and shouted, “Look! There’s light over there.”

Looking towards the direction that the person had pointed toward, the crowd were able to see purple pillars of light emerging from the surface straight towards the horizon, and ultimately piercing through the sea of purple lightning that covered the sky, and into the depths of the sky.

There just so happened to be twelve such pillars. Furthermore, those pillars were all at the places struck by the purple lightning from earlier.

Because of that, the crowd came to a sudden realization.

It turned out that the twelve purple lightning bolts that’d struck the ground were not warnings. Instead, they were hints.

“Those purple pillars are passageways. Through them, one will be able to enter the sky,” said someone from the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain after observing the pillars.

In fact, it was not only that person from the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain. At that moment, all the disciples gathered at the five different areas in the spirit formation world were thinking the same thing.

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, someone set off.

It was Chu Feng!

Chu Feng was the first to set off.

However, Chu Feng was not flying towards the purple pillars of light. Instead, he was flying in the opposite direction.

“Hahaha...”

Someone immediately started laughing at Chu Feng’s action.

It was Song Jinglun.

“Ouyang Pingzhi, your Wind Lightning Sword Sect is truly capable of producing talents.”

“That fellow just then, his attitude earlier was so very arrogant. He did not even place you and I in his eyes. Because of that, I thought he was a dark horse, a genius who had concealed his strength.”

“Never would I have imagined that he would immediately flee after entering this place.”

“That said, although he’s not a genius, he is indeed a rare talent. Hahaha...”

Song Jinglung’s mocking laughter grew further and further away. At the same time as he was laughing mockingly, he was also moving. He was leading the disciples from the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain towards one of the purple light pillars.

“That bastard Wang Chen is truly an utter disgrace to our Wind Lightning Sword Sect!”

“Once we return, I will definitely teach him a lesson.”

Ouyang Pingzhi looked towards the direction Chu Feng had flown in and spoke furiously. However, he did not chase after him.

Instead, he turned around and led the disciples from the Wind Lightning Sword Sect towards another purple pillar of light that was close to them.

Ouyang Pingzhi did not wish to miss out on the decisive opportunity because of someone like Wang Chen.

Thus, even though he was furious, he determined that finishing his mission was more important than teaching Wang Chen a lesson.

As the distance between them increased, Ouyang Pingzhi and the others were no longer able to see Chu Feng’s silhouette. However, the people outside were still able to see him.

Through the mirror image in the sky above, the people outside were able to see practically everything that was happening inside the spirit formation world. Furthermore, through the movement of people’s lips, they were also able to tell what the disciples inside the spirit formation world were saying.

Although the person Chu Feng had disguised as; Wang Chen, was a nobody, he had caught the crowd’s attention due to his actions from before.

Furthermore, it would take some time for the disciples from the six great powers to reach the purple pillar closest to them. Since watching their journey would be rather boring, the crowd all turned their gazes to Chu Feng.

They all wanted to know where exactly that deserter planned to flee to.

However, after observing Chu Feng, they became even more confused.

“Exactly what is that Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciple doing?”

Many people began to voice this sort of question.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng’s behavior was not at all what the crowd had anticipated.

Chu Feng was gathering things the entire time. He was gathering the bodies of light that had emerged from the ground after the ground had been struck by the twelve purple lightning bolts.

However, he was not collecting all the bodies of light. Instead, he was very selective.

Whilst those bodies of light were magnificent and beautiful, they still appeared to be completely useless.

Yet, Chu Feng was selecting them with such meticulous care. Furthermore, when he collected one that he was fond of, he would even reveal a look of joy, as if he had obtained a treasure he longed for.

The scene of Chu Feng gathering those bodies of light was a complete contrast to that of Ouyang Pingzhi, Song Jinglun, Nangong Yifan and the others leading fellow disciples and rushing towards the purple pillars of light with their fastest speed.

While the sight of the disciples trying their hardest to obtain the treasures moved the crowd emotionally, the sight of seeing Chu Feng paying excessive attention to trivial things incurred the crowd’s disdain.

“Headmaster Wind Lightning, that disciple of your Wind Lightning Sword Sect is quite interesting.”

“What an amusing child. After learning that he is unable to defeat others, he decided to give up and seek out his own pleasure. Such a mentality is truly hard to come by...”

At that moment, on the main viewing platform, the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain’s headmaster, the Miao Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, the Dragon Phoenix Immortal Pavilion’s headmaster and the Infernal Academy’s headmaster were also making their own assessments of Chu Feng.

Especially the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain’s headmaster, his tone was filled with mockery. Furthermore, as he spoke, he would even look to the Wind Lightning Sword Sect’s sectmaster.

This greatly displeased the Wind Lightning Sword Sect’s sectmaster.

Furious, he turned his gaze to the elders of the Wind Lightning Sword Sect.

His furious gaze seemed to be asking them why such a foolish disciple was chosen as a participant, only to make an utter disgrace of himself.

At that moment, the people that had relationships with Wang Chen were all shivering in fear. They lowered their heads silently and felt that a catastrophe would soon befall them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was especially true for an elder by the name of Wang Shangkun. He looked completely miserable. He was in so much worry that he was about to cry.

He was Wang Chen’s grandfather. Actually, there were a lot of disciples in the Wind Lightning Sword Sect with Wang Chen’s level of cultivation.

The reason why Wang Chen was able to receive this opportunity to enter the spirit formation world was mostly due to his grandfather.

His grandfather had thought that having Wang Chen go in to make up the numbers would help with his future prospects.

He had never imagined that his grandson, who was usually very capable of making discerning judgements, would suddenly go haywire.

With this, not only would his grandson suffer, but he too would likely suffer.

Because of this, Wang Chen’s grandfather felt endless remorse. He even felt like beating Wang Chen to death.

......

Chu Feng naturally had his own reasons as to why acted the way he did.

Chu Feng was currently a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

The increase of his spirit power brought more than just stronger battle power.

All aspects of Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques had made a qualitative leap. Naturally, his Heaven’s Eyes had also strengthened.

Through his Heaven’s Eyes’ observation, Chu Feng had managed to determine a lot of clues.

Whilst those twelve purple pillars of light were definitely very important, the bodies of light that flew out from the ground were equally important.

The great majority of those bodies of light were useless, and were only meant to distract one’s attention.

However, there were bodies of light that stood out from the masses amongst all the useless ones.

Those special bodies of light were all differently colored. Only by carefully observing them could one differentiate them.

Although the bodies of light were very weak by themselves, if one were to gather a sufficient amount, one would be able to gather an impressive amount of power.