Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3966 - The State Of Various Battles

“What’s there to panic about? We knew we’d inevitably have to fight other powers before even entering this place.”

“Don’t tell me you guys are still not mentally prepared for it!?” Ouyang Pingzhi spoke sternly.

Once he said those words, the panicking disciples all lowered their heads in shame.

“Senior brother Ouyang, it’s not that we’re afraid. Instead, since the other powers are already engaged in battle, when are we going to join the battle?” asked a sensible disciple.

That disciple was very intelligent. After all, they could not ruin their own morale at such a time.

Because of that, he reworded the panic that some people were feeling to their desire for battle, increasing their own morale and grandeur in the process.

“Rest assured, our Wind Lightning Sword Sect will definitely be in this battle.”

“Let us breach the spirit formation of this place first. Then, we will seek out the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain,” said Ouyang Pingzhi loudly.

He had decided who to target from the very start -- the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain.

“Right, we must properly teach them a lesson, and make them realize how powerful our Wind Lightning Sword Sect is.”

The Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciples all expressed their approval of Ouyang Pingzhi’s decision.

In fact, many among them were boiling with excitement upon thinking that they would take on the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain.

“Teach us a lesson?”

“You all are truly delusional. I think you should first determine exactly what you’re capable of.”

Right at that moment, an extremely mocking voice exploded in the distant sky. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Looking towards the voice, the Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciples were able to see several figures flying towards them. Those were disciples from the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain.

The person leading them was none other than Song Jinglun. He was also the person who had spoken earlier.

That said, Song Jinglun was not the only person that came. All one hundred disciples from the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain had come.

“Why would all of them come here?”

“Could it be that they’ve not bothered with breaching the spirit formation?”

Seeing all one hundred disciples of the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain appearing before them, the Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciples realized what they were planning to do.

They were most definitely planning to seize the fruit of their efforts.

The only thing they were confused by was why all one hundred disciples of the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain would appear there.

Could it be that they had not attempted to breach their spirit formation earlier?

Instead, could they have been doing something else?

“Song Jinglun, you must’ve been waiting in ambush for a long time, no?”

“You are truly an amusing fellow. Instead of breaching your own spirit formation, you want to reap the harvest without sowing the seeds by plundering the fruit of our efforts.”

“Song Jinglun, you’ve truly broadened my horizons,” Ouyang Pingzhi said mockingly.

Ouyang Pingzhi had already determined why all one hundred of the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain’s disciples had appeared there.

However, Song Jinglun laughed mockingly at Ouyang Pingzhi’s analysis. It was as if he was ridiculing Ouyang Pingzhi for being ignorant.

“Ouyang Pingzhi, did you think that we are as weak as you, and needed to spend a long time breaching a formation of this caliber?”

As Song Jinglun spoke, he placed his palm on the Cosmos Sack at his waist. His Cosmos Sack flickered with light, and then an exquisite glove appeared in his hand.

Seeing that glove, the disciples from the Wind Lightning Sword Sect all realized that Song Jinglun and the others had already managed to breach one of the twelve purple light beams.

They had managed to obtain a piece of the armor set ahead of them.

When they discovered that the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain’s disciples had managed to obtain a piece of the armor set ahead of them, they all looked ashamed.

After all, to them, their actual opponents were the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain.

However, in their first round of confrontation, in the speed with which they were able to breach the spirit formation, they had lost.

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, a ray of lightning soared into the sky and shot toward the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain’s disciples.

It was Ouyang Pingzhi. He was holding his sword and charging straight toward Song Jinglun.

He wanted to plunder the glove Song Jinglun was holding in his hand.

However, Song Jinglun was already prepared for him. He not only immediately dodged Ouyang Pingzhi, but he also put the glove away and drew his own weapon.

Then, the surrounding space tore apart as energy ripples began to wreak havoc.

Ouyang Pingzhi and Song Jinlung, the strongest disciples of the Wind Lightning Sword Sect and the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain, had collided in battle.

For the sake of not affecting the disciples of the Wind Lightning Sword Sect, Ouyang Pingzhi forced Song Jinglun far away, shifting their battlefield away from the disciples.

The Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciples understood why Ouyang Pingzhi was doing this. As such, they began to put forth all of their effort to breach the spirit formation.

“Woosh, woosh, woosh~~~”

Suddenly, multiple figures descended from the sky and surrounded the Wind Lightning Sword Sect’s disciples.

Those were the disciples from the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain.

“Are you all going to step aside of your own accord, or must we force you to do so?”

The Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain’s disciples looked to the Wind Lightning Sword Sect’s disciples with a look of certain victory.

The Wind Lightning Sword Sect’s disciples naturally would not give in.

Seeing that a battle was inevitable, they all stopped breaching the spirit formation and joined hands to take on the disciples from the Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain.

“Egotistical bunch, today, we shall settle both the new and old grudges!”

The Wind Lightning Sword Sect disciples and Nine Stars Heavenly Mountain disciples collided in battle.

The confrontation of two groups of elite disciples was a rarely seen marvelous sight.

However, not many people bothered to pay attention to such a marvelous and intense sight.

At that moment, the great majority of the gazes outside the spirit formation world were focused on Nangong Yifan and Shentu Haoli.

The reason for that was because their battle had surpassed the crowd’s expectations.

Shentu Haoli was publicly accepted to be the strongest disciple among the disciples of the six great powers.

Yet, facing Nangong Yifan, she was retreating in defeat repeatedly.

What surprised the crowd the most was that both Shentu Haoli and Nangong Yifan had unleashed their powerful abilities -- their Divine Power, treasures capable of increasing their battle power, and their unique martial techniques.

With the utilization of those three powers, both of their cultivations had increased from rank two Exalted to rank three Exalted.

It could be said that the two of them were not holding anything back.

Normally, as their cultivations were the same and their weapons were of the same caliber too, even if Nangong Yifan had managed to greatly increase his strength, he should only be able to barely suppress Shentu Haoli.

Yet, Shentu Haoli had a difficult expression on her face, whereas Nangong Yifan was completely relaxed.

From this, the crowd realized that Nangong Yifan had completely suppressed Shentu Haoli.

It was very possible that he was the actual strongest person of the younger generation amongst the six great powers.

“Shentu Haoli, you’ve already lost. I do not wish to injure you. You should admit defeat so that we can end this battle. Otherwise... you cannot blame me for what will happen later.”

Although Nangong Yifan said those words courteously, his attitude was filled with arrogance. Shentu Haoli found it to be completely intolerable.

“The outcome has been determined? Don’t speak as if you’ve already grasped victory in your hands.”

Sure enough, Shentu Haoli was enraged by Nangong Yifan’s words.

Her body turned fiery red. Then, she threw the giant axe she held in her hand at Nangong Yifan.

“Rumble~~~”

Heaven and earth began to tremble. Even the sky changed color.

Following the giant axe, an enormous fire dragon appeared.

The fire dragon cleaved through the sky as it made its way straight towards Nangong Yifan.

Seeing this, many people tensed up with nervousness.

They all knew that the fire dragon was the Inferno Academy’s Sect Protection Immortal Technique, a rank nine Immortal Technique, Heaven-devouring Fire Dragon.