Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3975 - Looks Of Anticipation

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, a commotion arose both inside and outside the spirit formation world. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Not only were the All-heaven Sect’s disciples completely baffled, but even the people outside the spirit formation world that knew of Chu Feng’s strength were completely baffled.

Even though they already knew that that Wang Chen fellow was planning to challenge the All-heaven Sect, they had never anticipated that he would challenge them in such a direct and ruthless manner.

“Courting death!”

Suddenly, a furious roar was heard. Nangong Yifan unleashed his attack.

Boundless oppressive might rushed out of Nangong Yifan’s body like invisible waves.

Although the oppressive might rushed straight towards Chu Feng, as the distance was simply too close, even the disciples of the All-heaven Sect were implicated in his attack.

All those disciples were sent flying by Nangong Yifan’s oppressive might.

In less serious cases, they landed on the ground after flying far away. In more serious cases, they were injured by Nangong Yifan’s oppressive might.

Yet, the target of the oppressive might, Chu Feng, was completely unharmed. He still stood there unmoved.

While that oppressive might was very powerful, it did not affect Chu Feng in the slightest.

Instead, it was Beiyang Luo who Chu Feng held in his hand that looked even more miserable.

Even though his neck had been crushed by Chu Feng, it was merely a superficial wound for someone of his cultivation.

At their level of cultivation, even if their bodies were completely destroyed, they would still be able to instantly restore them.

As such, Chu Feng’s behavior was only very threatening, but did not actually cause any major injuries to Beiyang Luo.

However, Nangong Yifan’s oppressive might was aimed directly at Chu Feng. Furthermore, it exploded on Chu Feng. As such, it was inevitable that Beiyang Luo would be implicated.

Beiyang Luo not only had a pained expression on his face, but he also started vomiting blood by the mouthful. Even his aura became much weaker.

Although he had been injured by Chu Feng earlier, his injuries were only superficial.

However now, even his soul had been injured.

That said, his current state of injury was not caused by Chu Feng. Instead, it had been caused by Nangong Yifan.

“Exactly how enormous of a grievance do the two of you have for you to want to kill him?” Chu Feng said mockingly.

“This guy!”

“He concealed his strength?!”

Nangong Yifan was so enraged by Chu Feng that his expression changed. However, more than being enraged, he was shocked.

Chu Feng had unleashed his aura when he defeated Beiyang Luo.

The aura he’d unleashed was that of a rank two Exalted.

That was the reason why Nangong Yifan was surprised.

Nangong Yifan’s aura had grown stronger when he had attacked Chu Feng.

He had activated his Divine Power and increased his cultivation to rank three Exalted.

Yet, even with that, he was actually unable to cause Chu Feng harm.

This made Nangong Yifan realize that his opponent’s cultivation was not simply that of a rank two Exalted.

It was very possible that his opponent had some sort of special power.

That said, Nangong Yifan did not bother with superfluous words. Light began to radiate from his body. Then, his cultivation increased again.

From rank three Exalted, he became a rank four Exalted.

Nangong Yifan had activated the All-heaven Buddha Body, the All-heaven Sect’s Clan Protection Mysterious Technique.

After increasing his cultivation again, Nangong Yifan planned to attack Chu Feng again.

However, to the crowd’s surprise, Chu Feng suddenly spoke, “You should unleash all of your abilities at once.”

“With only that level of strength, you won’t be able to defeat me.”

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, he suddenly sighed. “Oh, I remember now. That treasure of yours seemed to only be able to be used once within a certain period of time. You seem to have already used it earlier, that’s why you’re only able to increase your cultivation by two levels.”

“Ah, this is boring then. How exactly are you supposed to contend against me?”

After saying those words, Chu Feng shook his head in disappointment.

“Exactly who are you?”

Hearing those words, Nangong Yifan’s expression became stern.

It wasn’t that he started fearing Chu Feng. Rather, he suddenly felt that the person before him seemed somewhat familiar.

Yet, he didn’t know that person at all.

It was clearly the first time he’d met that person. They were simply strangers.

“Who I am is not important. What’s important is that you are simply no match for me.”

“Huuu~~~”

After Chu Feng finished saying those words, the surrounding air started to oscillate. It was oppressive might.

Chu Feng had unleashed his oppressive might.

His oppressive might swept forth, and forced even Nangong Yifan to take multiple steps back.

The reason for that was because the oppressive might Chu Feng unleashed was that of a rank five Exalted.

“His cultivation is actually that of a rank five Exalted?!”

The expressions of the All-heaven Sect’s disciples became marvelous.

Especially Beiyang Luo. He finally realized why Chu Feng had been able to defeat him so easily.

He had originally thought that he had been careless, and missed a decisive moment. Because of that, he felt unreconciled about his defeat.

It was only then that he realized that even if he were to fight the man before him again, he would still be absolutely no match for him..

After all, no matter how many abilities he unleashed, he would not be able to increase his cultivation to rank five Exalted.

At the same time, the spectators outside all turned their gazes to Chu Feng.

“Sure enough, he is protected by a concealment treasure. Otherwise, how could we not be able to tell what sort of ability he used to increase his cultivation?”

When they saw Chu Feng’s cultivation increase to rank five Exalted again, yet still show no signs of change in his appearance, the crowd became even more certain of their previous guess.

They believed that Chu Feng had some sort of concealment treasure on him that was able to conceal the abilities he used to increase his cultivation.

Otherwise, it was simply inexplicable as to why he would possess such mighty battle power.

“What will Nangong Yifan do now?”

While they were astonished by Chu Feng’s ability, the crowd also looked to Nangong Yifan.

When Nangong Yifan had fought Shentu Haoli, he had been able to increase his cultivation from rank two Exalted to rank five Exalted.

Apart from the Divine Power he was born with and the All-heaven Sect’s clan protection mysterious technique All-heaven Buddha Body, Nangong Yifan had also relied on a treasure to increase his cultivation.

That treasure was called the Scarletflame Soularmor.

Unfortunately, the Scarletflame Soularmor could only be used for a limited period of time.

After using the Scarletflame Soularmor, it could not be used again within a short period of time.

When Nangong Yifan had fought Shentu Haoli earlier, he had already used the power of the Scarletflame Soularmor.

Even though it had been some time since he first used it, it seemed to still not be enough time for him to be able to use it again.

It was true that Nangong Yifan was unable to use the power of the Scarletflame Soularmor at that moment

Unable to use it, Nangong Yifan’s cultivation would be limited to only rank four Exalted.

Thus, how was he supposed to contend against the rank five Exalted Wang Chen?

When even the spectators were worried about Nangong Yifan, the elders of the All-heaven Sect were naturally even more worried.

However, the All-heaven Sect’s sectmaster continued to have a confident expression. It was as if everything was still within his grasp.

“Heh...”

Suddenly, Nangong Yifan chuckled coldly.

When he did that, the crowd all revealed joyous looks.

To be able to laugh with such contempt even though one’s opponent had a cultivation a level higher, the crowd suspected that Nangong Yifan must have more abilities he could use.

As such, looks of anticipation filled the crowd’s faces.