Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3986 - You’re Truly Useless

“Is that a protective treasure of the Mystic Cave Saints?”

“But, he clearly had the upper hand. Why would he suddenly use a protective treasure to protect himself?”

The crowd were confused. They did not understand Chu Feng’s actions.

They did not understand why Chu Feng would, when he was completely suppressing Lu Yingzhuo so much that he was unable to even fight back, suddenly use a protective treasure to protect himself.

Could it be that Lu Yingzhuo was planning to use an even more powerful technique, and was seen through by Chu Feng?

Confused, the crowd could only make random guesses.

“Could... could that be the legendary Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman?!”

Suddenly, a cry of alarm sounded from the crowd. It was Grandmaster Feng You.

Originally, Grandmaster Feng You only had a look of disbelief as his eyes moved back and forth across the steel fort.

After examining it for some time, he quickly came to a conclusion.

He had determined that his guess was correct.

“That really is. That really is the legendary Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman.”

“Never would I have imagined that a Supreme Elder of the All-heaven Sect would possess such an item.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“He’s actually willing to use such a precious item in such a manner?”

“This... a pity, truly a pity.”

Grandmaster Feng You had a look of pity on his face. In fact, one could even sense pain in his tone. He acted as if something precious to him had disappeared.

“Grandmaster, are you saying that it’s the All-heaven Sect’s Supreme Elder that used a treasure, and not that Mystic Cave Saint?”

Many people began to question Grandmaster Feng You.

After all, what he had said was completely different from what they were imagining to be happening.

“That is no ordinary treasure. It is an extremely precious treasure.”

Grandmaster Feng You began to inform the crowd of the origins of the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman in a simple manner.

After hearing his explanation, the crowd finally learned what the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman was.

It turned out that the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman had originated from the Ancient Era. They’d been discovered in an Ancient Era’s remnant many years ago.

When they were discovered, there were quite a few of those talismans.

However, as each Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman could only be used once, their number continued to decrease.

As of present, they were pretty much all gone. Because of that, they became invaluable treasures. They were no longer seen to be mere treasures. Instead, to many world spiritists and martial cultivators, they’d become collectable treasures.

For many people, they would simply never use an Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman even if they were to obtain one. Instead, they would carefully store them away.

Of course, the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talismans were very powerful in their own right.

Not only were they capable of trapping their opponents, but they even had the power to kill their captive.

Furthermore, the special attribute of the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman made it so that it would definitely stick to its target once it was thrown. As such, one’s opponent simply could not escape from an Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman.

Even if one’s opponent were more powerful than the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman, they would still not be able to escape from it.

The only way to escape would be to wait for the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman to materialize, and then use one’s own power to break through it.

Even though the strengths of the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talismans were all different, Grandmaster Feng You felt that Lu Yingzhou’s Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman was more than capable of killing a rank one Utmost Exalted.

Even for a rank two Utmost Exalted, being trapped by it would be very dangerous.

“Grandmaster, if according to what you say that really is an Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman, would that Mystic Cave Saint that’s trapped still be able to escape?” someone asked curiously.

“The Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talismans are simply too powerful.”

“There’s a reason why they’re so precious.”

“From the way this old man sees it, the only way to escape would be to possess a cultivation of rank three Utmost Exalted. Even for rank two Utmost Exalted, it would be very difficult to escape,” said Grandmaster Feng You.

After he finished saying those words, the crowd burst into joyous uproar.

After all, they all stood on the side of the six great powers. They all wished for the Mystic Cave Saints to receive proper punishment.

“Huuu~~~”

Compared to the joyous crowd outside, Lu Yingzhuo, who had just used the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman, heaved a long sigh.

Truth be told, after he’d fought against Chu Feng, he was filled with fear of him.

The reason why he hesitated on whether or not to use the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman was because it was simply too precious.

He was afraid!

He was afraid that he would not be able to defeat Chu Feng even after using the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman.

However, from the way things appeared, the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman seemed to have been rather effective.

At least, it seemed to have successfully trapped Chu Feng.

Otherwise, it would’ve been impossible for him to not have any reaction after so much time had passed.

Furthermore, after the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman had successfully trapped someone, it would unleash its power to devastate the person trapped within.

As such, the longer a person remained trapped, the more dangerous it would be for them.

If someone was capable, they would immediately breach the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman to escape.

To not breach the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman generally meant that one was not capable of such a thing.

When Lu Yingzhuo felt that Chu Feng was most likely trapped inside, he began to walk towards the set of armor.

Before touching the armor, he subconsciously took a glance back.

It was only when he discovered that Chu Feng was still trapped in the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman that he fully extended his hand and retrieved the set of armor from midair.

Then, he placed the armor on himself.

Clad in the armor, Lu Yingzhuo appeared completely different.

He gave off an extremely divine feeling. It was as if he had fused with the whole region. Most importantly, he was able to sense that the sea of lightning in the sky above was no longer capable of stopping him.

“Woosh~~~”

Suddenly, Lu Yingzhuo soared into the sky. He flew straight towards the depths of the sky.

At that moment, everyone held their breath.

The moment that they were waiting for the most had finally arrived.

Someone would finally be able to pass through the terrifying sea of lightning and retrive the sacred weapons!

Under the crowd’s focus, Lu Yingzhuo finally arrived before the sea of lightning.

“Wuuuahhh~~~”

However, the moment he touched that lightning, he let out a scream.

Then, like a broken kite, he started falling from midair.

“This...”

“What is going on?”

“Could it be that even that armor is unable to allow one to pass through the sea of lightning?”

At that moment, the people from the six great powers and the spectators were all puzzled. At the same time, they started feeling restless.

After all, the sea of lightning was so terrifying.

The clues they had received so far all pointed to wearing the set of armor composed of twelve treasures as the only method to pass through the sea of lightning.

Yet, even though Lu Yingzhuo had clad himself in the set of armor, he still failed to pass through the sea of lightning.

Seeing this, the crowd began to panic.

At that moment, they were at a complete loss as to what to do.

After all, if they were unable to pass through that sea of lightning, they would simply not be able to reach the sacred weapons.

As for obtaining the legendary mysterious treasure, it would be simply out of the question.

“Woosh~~~”

At the moment when the crowd were all at a complete loss, Lu Yingzhuo removed his helmet.

“Damn it!”

When he revealed his aged and completely twisted face, everyone could tell how unreconciled he was.

“You are truly useless.”

Right at that moment, a voice was suddenly heard.

When that voice was heard, the expressions of Lu Yingzhuo and the disciples of the All-heaven Sect all changed enormously.

Although the people outside were unable to hear, they were able to see things clearly.

That voice had come from within the Ancient Era’s Beast Trapping Talisman.

Furthermore, it was so resounding and powerful. It simply did not resemble the voice of someone injured.