Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3992 - Did You Take Me For A Fool?

Chu Feng looked over and discovered that the fox spirit appeared rather pitiful as she cried.

Even though she had a charming appearance, she was also neat-looking.

She belonged to the kind that gave off both charm and a sense of innocence.

As such, when she cried, she truly caused one to feel pity for her.

“Why are you crying?” asked Chu Feng.

“Young master refused A’li so much, it must be because A’li is ugly.”

“Could it be that the cultivators of this era are filled with beauties?”

“Even a young woman of A’li’s appearance is unable to enter young master’s discerning eye?”

“Wuuu~~~”

“Back in my era, A’li was a saintness sought after by countless people.”

That fox spirit began to weep with more and more grief.

Even though Chu Feng knew that she was putting on a show, he still felt very disturbed to see her cry like that.

Perhaps this was the power of a fox spirit. Her every movement was capable of affecting one’s state of mind.

“Young lady is overthinking things. Young lady’s beauty is truly rare.”

“Merely...” he sighed. “It’s not your fault.”

“It’s my fault. I do not have any interest in women,” said Chu Feng.

“What? Could it be that young master is interested in men?”

“But young master is clearly not a virgin.”

“Could it be that young master had, with men...”

“This...”

As she said those words, the fox spirit’s face changed.

Her beautiful eyes were wide open and filled with shock.

She seemed to be horrified by Chu Feng.

Seeing the fox spirit acting like that, Chu Feng decided to nod his head in passing.

“This is truly unfortunate. Young master is so outstanding too. Yet...”

“People all have their own interests. If that’s the case, A’li will not force young master either.”

“However, since young master is unwilling to shelter A’li, then could young master let A’li out so that she can go and seek a master capable of sheltering her?” The fox spirit said to Chu Feng.

“That’s naturally not an issue. Merely, what must I do to let young lady out?” asked Chu Feng.

“It’s actually very simple. Young master merely needs to undo this shackle.”

As the fox spirit spoke, she took out a pendant from her clothes. That pendant had been worn on the fox spirit’s neck the entire time.

Merely, it had been hidden within her clothes. Thus, Chu Feng had not noticed its details.

It was only when the fox spirit removed it that Chu Feng noticed it was a lock.

There was an imprint on the lock. The imprint looked the same as the completed sacred weapon.

“What do I need to do to remove this?” asked Chu Feng.

“With how brilliant young master is, this would definitely not pose a problem to you.”

“I’ll have to trouble young master.”

The fox spirit used her large innocent eyes to look at Chu Feng.

Seeing the fox spirit like that, Chu Feng found it truly difficult to refuse. He sighed.

“I’ll give it a try.”

Chu Feng sat down cross-legged and released his spirit power. He began to carefully examine the completed sacred weapon from the inside out. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Then, Chu Feng clasped his palms together, and the room began to tremble violently.

The commotion outside was actually much more terrifying than the one happening in the room.

Both the heaven and earth were trembling outside, and space itself was also crumbling.

Especially that sacred weapon. It had changed enormously.

It was shattering and disintegrating!

“What’s going on? Why is that weapon trembling?”

“No, it’s shattering. Look! That weapon is shattering!”

“Why would this happen?”

“Could it be that he’s successfully obtained the treasure within?”

As Chu Feng attempted to remove the lock, the people outside once again grew frantic.

When those five weapons had been separate entities, they were already extremely powerful.

After fusing into one, they’d become even more incomparably sacred and simply indestructible. In fact, it seemed like it possessed heaven-defying might.

However, such a terrifying weapon in the crowd’s eyes was actually crumbling before them.

As they saw the enormous fragments falling from the sky and then turning into gaseous flames before disappearing into thin air, as the sacred weapon and its sacred aura began to rapidly decrease, the people of the six great powers felt their hearts bleeding.

They all felt that Chu Feng must’ve succeeded in obtaining the legendary mysterious treasure.

Otherwise, that sacred weapon would not be going through such changes

That said, even with that, the crowd’s eyes were still tightly focused on the sacred weapon.

Even though they knew that Chu Feng had most likely successfully obtained the mysterious treasure, they still wanted to know exactly what sort of treasure he had obtained.

However, as the sacred weapon continued to crumble, and even when it had completely crumbled, the crowd actually saw no sign of Chu Feng.

It was as if he had disappeared.

At that moment, the place where the sacred weapon previously existed, the place that Chu Feng had entered earlier, had turned into a vast area of emptiness.

Apart from that, there was nothing else.

It was as if Chu Feng had disappeared into thin air.

“Where’d he go?”

“Could it be that he escaped?”

“Damn it!”

The people from the six great powers felt even more furious upon seeing this.

Even though they’d been unable to stop Chu Feng from obtaining the mysterious treasure, they would at least be able to guard the outside and snatch back the treasure he had obtained once he exited the spirit formation space.

However, they were actually unable to even see Chu Feng at that moment.

If he had really escaped, wouldn’t it mean that they would not even have the opportunity to snatch the treasures from him?

How could they possibly feel reconciled with that?

......

In actuality, Chu Feng was still where he’d been previously.

He was still inside that room. He was still able to see the exit behind him.

It was just that the people outside the spirit formation world were unable to see him.

A sacred body of light had enveloped him.

That sacred body of light spiraled around him before finally landing on his palm.

Chu Feng slowly opened his palm, and a body of light appeared there.

The appearance of that body of light was the same as the sacred weapon.

Most importantly, its size was very befitting of the imprint on the fox spirit’s lock.

It turned out that this was the true form of the sacred weapon.

Chu Feng had guessed right from the very start. Although the weapon was sacred, it was not a treasure at all.

The reason why the weapon appeared so sacred was because the power it contained was extremely strong.

However, it was not a treasure at all, because it was a key.

Chu Feng had originally thought that with how powerful the key was, the gate that it would open would be extraordinary too. As for the world behind the gate, it would be even more extraordinary.

Chu Feng did not expect that such a powerful key would only open a lock.

As for the lock, it was locking an extremely beautiful fox spirit.

“Thank you, young master.”

“Although young master is unwilling to become A’li’s master, A’li will forever remember young master’s grace and kindness.”

“From today on, young master will be A’li’s benefactor.”

Seeing the sacred key in Chu Feng’s hand, the fox spirit was simply overjoyed. She bounced vivaciously over to Chu Feng and wanted to take the key from him.

“Woosh~~~”

However, before her hand could touch the key, Chu Feng closed his hand and hid the key.

“Young lady, did you really take me for a fool?” Chu Feng said with a beaming smile.