Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3997 - God Bestowment Bamboo Slip

Chu Feng’s gaze was focused on his right hand.

His right hand was tightly clenched. It was as if he were grabbing something with it.

Expectation filled Chu Feng’s eyes. He was feeling very nervous.

Finally, he opened his palm.

“It’s actually real!” Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Seeing his palm, Chu Feng had an ecstatic expression.

The reason for that was because of the item in his palm.

In Chu Feng’s hand was a bamboo slip.

This bamboo slip emitted the Ancient Era’s aura.

There was another such bamboo slip in Chu Feng’s dantian.

In fact, Chu Feng had encountered a third bamboo slip like that before.

That was back when he was in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm.

The Golden Crane True Immortal had discovered an Ancient Era’s Bamboo Slip and had asked Chu Feng to help him retrieve it.

Yet, in the end, it had been snatched away by the powerful old cat.

That old cat had not only robbed the Ancient Era’s Bamboo Slip, but it had also snatched away Chu Feng’s world spirit, Xue Ji.

Xue Ji and Eggy were both world spirits that had been sealed in his body.

However, different from Eggy, Xue Ji was filled with evil tendencies, and had been extremely hostile towards Chu Feng the entire time. She had even attempted to kill him in the past.

However, when Chu Feng saw Xue Ji being tied up in chains by the old cat and heard how the old cat had proclaimed that it would make her its slave, Chu Feng felt an ineffable sense of pain.

In the beginning, he didn’t understand why he felt so uncomfortable at the time.

After all, Xue Ji had been hostile towards him the entire time. Furthermore, he also did not have any sort of relationship with her.

Thus, why did he feel uncomfortable when she was captured?

It was later on that Chu Feng gradually realized the reason why.

Xue Ji had been sealed in Chu Feng’s body since he was an infant. It could be said that she had only arrived in the martial cultivation world because of him.

Furthermore, like Eggy, Xue Ji had been forcibly captured from the Asura Spirit World by Chu Feng’s mother and then forcibly brought to their world.

If it must be said, then Chu Feng was the one who’d been in the wrong to begin with. It was understandable that Xue Ji would view him as an enemy.

Furthermore, regardless of whether or not she recognized him, Chu Feng had still been her master at one point.

Even though she had broken free from the restrictions of his world spirit space and gained liberty, there was still an inseparable bond between the two of them..

Thus, even without Yu Sha’s appearance, Chu Feng had thought about rescuing Xue Ji.

If he were to encounter the old cat again, should he possess the strength, he would definitely give his all to rescue her and snatch back the stolen bamboo slip. He would retrieve everything that the old cat had taken from him.

The reason why the old cat had captured Xue Ji was because she was special.

For ordinary world spirits, once they broke free from their master, they would become Evil Spirits.

However, Xue Ji did not. She remained a world spirit. That was the reason why the old cat had taken a fancy to her.

As for the reason why the old cat had decided to snatch away the Ancient Era’s Bamboo Slip, it was because the Ancient Era’s Bamboo Slips had a grand origin.

According to the Golden Crane True Immortal, the Ancient Era’s Bamboo Slips were actually called God Bestowment Bamboo Slips. They had been left behind by two brothers during the Ancient Era.

Those two brothers had once encountered a gargantuan opportunity, and had gained the power to shake the entire starry sky.

Because of that, they became paramount existences across the entire martial cultivation world.

Before their deaths, they had carved all of their life’s knowledge onto bamboo slips.

Reportedly, there were a total of three hundred and sixty-seven such bamboo slips.

Every single one of them contained considerable power.

If one could gather all three hundred and sixty-seven bamboo slips, they would be able to obtain the two brothers’ inheritance.

Of course, this was merely a legend, and it was impossible to know if the story was real or not.

After all, no one knew the real details of things that had happened in the Ancient Era.

That said, what was certain was that the God Bestowment Bamboo Slips did contain enormous power.

The God Bestowment Bamboo Slip in Chu Feng’s dantian had been obtained by Chu Feng back in the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm’s Holy Land of Martialism.

Yet, the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip had provided enormous assistance to him.

Chu Feng possessed overwhelming battle power. Among those of the same cultivation, he was practically unrivaled.

Apart from Chu Feng’s own bloodline being superior to that of ordinary persons, the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip had also provided enormous assistance to make that possible.

Ever since he had obtained his God Bestowment Bamboo Slip, his battle power had not only increased, but his comprehension towards martial skills had also increased to another level.

It could be said that the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip had provided Chu Feng with enormous help.

However, even with that being the case, Chu Feng still hadn’t managed to grasp his God Bestowment Bamboo Slip completely.

Even though it was in his dantian and had indeed provided him with a certain amount of help, he still felt that the bamboo slip was an individual being, much like the nine enormous lightning beasts.

They all provided assistance to Chu Feng. Yet, Chu Feng was simply unable to control them.

However, one thing was certain - they were all very powerful.

It was precisely because Chu Feng knew how powerful the God Bestowment Bamboo Slips were that he became so excited when he saw that there was another God Bestowment Bamboo Slip in his hand.

As for how he had obtained the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip he held in his hand; one would have to return to when Chu Feng had first entered the barbarous world.

The moment Chu Feng entered the barbarous world, he had been engulfed by the terrifying powers.

However, he had not been tortured nor did he feel any pain.

He’d merely entered a state of deep sleep, a state of dreams.

The dreamland he found himself in was incomparably real.

That dream presented him with a new life.

In that dream, Chu Feng and Wang Qiang were childhood friends. They began martial cultivation together and had joined the same sect together. Together, they traveled through the martial cultivation world.

However, later on, they encountered a God Bestowment Bamboo Slip.

In his dream, Chu Feng was faced with a difficult choice.

He could either obtain the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip or save Wang Qiang, one or the other.

Chu Feng chose the latter. He’d decided to save Wang Qiang.

However, in the dream, the instant Chu Feng chose to save Wang Qiang, Wang Qiang smiled and pushed him away. He had refused Chu Feng’s attempt at saving him.

As for the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip, it had fallen into Chu Feng’s right hand.

Then, Chu Feng woke up from the dream.

Even though Chu Feng had only been in the pearl for three hours, he had spent decades in that dreamland.

Because of that, Chu Feng had been momentarily confused when he woke up from the dream. That was why he’d found that world so unfamiliar.

However, Chu Feng had managed to realize his situation very quickly.

He realized that the decades he’d spent with Wang Qiang had been nothing more than a dream, nothing more than a test.

He’d succeeded in passing the test. That was why he’d obtained the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip.

After he calmed down, Chu Feng closed his eyes and began to adjust his breathing.

He had just experienced a dream lasting decades, and was still slightly dazzled, so much so that he could not be certain if the scene before him was real or not.

However, it remained that Chu Feng was a very experienced individual, and a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

His spirit power and willpower far surpassed that of ordinary people.

Soon, Chu Feng adjusted his condition.

“Where’d it go?”

“It was clearly in my hand earlier.”

However, after Chu Feng opened his eyes again, he discovered that the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip he’d been holding in his hand had disappeared.

Soon, Chu Feng felt his heart shake.

He’d found the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip. Merely, it had entered his dantian.

There were now two God Bestowment Bamboo Slips in Chu Feng’s dantian.

“This...”

“What am I to do about this?”

Suddenly, Chu Feng became very worried.

Since he’d woken from the dream, he’d recalled everything about the real world.

As such, he naturally recalled why he was there..

Back then, he’d gone to open up the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb with the Mystic Cave Saints.

Ultimately, he’d obtained the acknowledgement of the Great Monster Slayer Emperor and had received his inheritance.

As for the Mystic Cave Saints, even though they’d obtained some treasures, those treasures were evidently unable to compare to the inheritance that Chu Feng had obtained.

Because of that, Chu Feng felt that he owed them. He had originally wanted to give all the treasures that he obtained from the chest to the Mystic Cave Saints to compensate them.

Of all the treasures in the stone case, the most mysterious and most precious treasure would naturally be the God Bestowment Bamboo Slip.

However, that God Bestowment Bamboo Slip had actually entered Chu Feng’s dantian of its own accord.

This made the situation very difficult for him.

Not only did his plan to compensate the Mystic Cave Saints end up in a complete failure, but he seemed to have gained enormously at their expense again.

Because of that, Chu Feng had no idea what to do.

“Rumble~~~”

Suddenly, that world started to tremble. The terrifying powers began to frantically struggle. Those rumbles actually sounded like their screams.

Then, enormous cracks appeared everywhere.

The entire world seemed to be on the verge of collapse!