Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4021 - Very Strange

After listening to Zhao Hong’s narration, Chu Feng finally learned about her circumstances from back then.

It turned out that even though Zhao Hong had lost her memories of her past life after being reborn in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm, she would occasionally remember fragments of her memories.

In a period before Chu Feng and Wang Qiang had encountered her, Zhao Hong had remembered all the memories of her past life.

However, after regaining her memories, Zhao Hong discovered that her talent had greatly diminished, and was far inferior to the past.

Because of that, she felt that her Reincarnation Ceremony had ended in failure, and she would never be able to obtain the Reincarnation Divine Body’s power in her lifetime.

Adding onto the hatred that she carried with her, Zhao Hong felt more despair than fury.

She felt that, with her talent at the time, she would not be able to avenge the Reincarnation Sect regardless of how hard she trained.

She felt that she had let down her family and the people of the Reincarnation Sect.

As such, the thought of returning to the Reincarnation Sect had never crossed her mind. She believed that she did not have the face to meet those people from the past.

She had decided that it was better to stay in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm for the rest of her life unless her cultivation was able to increase, her talent able to be recovered, and her hope of revenge able to be reignited.

However, upon making that decision, Zhao Hong started having other worries.

She had realized that her condition was very unstable. Even though she had recovered her memories, she felt that her recovery might only be temporary.

She feared that she would lose her memories and sense of reason again, and return to being a demoness deranged by hatred.

As such, to prevent this from happening, Zhao Hong began to use many methods to help herself.

Her intention was to allow herself to remain clear-headed. She wanted to prevent herself from willfully slaughtering innocents as a demoness even if she were to lose her memories again.

However, Zhao Hong was unable to guarantee success. If she were to fail, she might end up remaining a demoness in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm for the rest of her life.

With that, another method came to her mind. It was a very risky method.

This method was related to her Reincarnation Ceremony.

The power of the Reincarnation Pearl was actually not as miraculous as it was believed to be. It could not allow its user to reincarnate without limits.

The reason why Zhao Hong was able to use the power of the Reincarnation Pearl was because it had accompanied her the entire time.

There was an intrinsic connection between her and the Reincarnation Pearl that was not present in ordinary people.

However, even for her, she could not be reborn forever.

The reason why she was able to reincarnate repeatedly in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm was because of the Reincarnation Ceremony.

The Reincarnation Ceremony made it so that a portion of her soul was removed from her body and connected to the Reincarnation Pearl. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

As such, as long as she possessed the Reincarnation Pearl, she would never be absolutely dead.

Zhao Hong felt that losing her memories and her sense of reason was very likely related to that portion of her soul being separated from her.

She felt that if the Reincarnation Ceremony was able to recall that portion of her soul back into her body, she might return to normal.

Of course, this method was very risky. Zhao Hong couldn’t be certain that that method was even feasible. She also could not be certain if she would be able to remain alive if she was to completely remove the Reincarnation Ceremony.

However, she was truly disgusted with being a demoness, and never wanted to become that again.

To guard against the unexpected, Zhao Hong decided to change the Reincarnation Ceremony.

The fixed Reincarnation Ceremony was the one that Chu Feng had witnessed, the beautiful Zhao Hong of the past.

That Reincarnation Ceremony had been very simple.

As long as one were to take away the Reincarnation Pearl from the beautiful Zhao Hong of the past, she would disappear.

That beautiful Zhao Hong of the past was actually only the portion of Zhao Hong’s soul that had been removed from her.

Taking away the Reincarnation Pearl actually only turned her into a spirit form that would then return to her body.

That said, even though Zhao Hong had completed this alternate Reincarnation Ceremony, she would not have taken the risk of using it unless she had no choice.

As such, this risk Could only be taken after Zhao Hong lost her reasoning and memories to return to being a demoness again.

However, if Zhao Hong ended up losing her reason and memories, she wouldn’t remember the fixed ceremony either to take on the risk.

As such, she needed someone to help her.

Unfortunately, Zhao Hong was a demoness. Everyone feared her. She simply had no friends. Who would be willing to help her?

Besides, the Reincarnation Pearl was a priceless treasure. People would inevitably want to keep a treasure of that caliber for themselves.

Thus, in order to be at ease, she needed to find someone reliable.

Apart from that, there was another even more important reason.

Ever since undergoing the Reincarnation Ceremony, although Zhao Hong’s body had ended up in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm’s Darknight Ghost Forest by accident.

Upon her arrival, she had unleashed the Reincarnation Ceremony’s power within her, and had formed a grand protective formation at the bottom of the Darknight Ghost Forest.

That grand formation was naturally there to protect her and the Reincarnation Ceremony.

As such, her helper must be someone with outstanding world spirit techniques too.

Ordinary people would not even be able to reach the Reincarnation Ceremony within the grand protective formation. As for helping her, it would simply be out of the question.

Finding an expert of that caliber in the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm was not an easy task.

Perhaps it was fate.

At the time when Zhao Hong was racking her brains trying to figure out how to deal with this problem, she encountered the plain-clothed monk, who’d come from an Upper Realm.

After observing him, Zhao Hong discovered the plain-clothed monk to possess a decent character. She felt that he was someone she could trust.

Because of that, Zhao Hong told the plain-clothed monk about her past. Of course, she did not tell him too much about the Reincarnation Ceremony.

She only told him that she had been stabbed by her beloved so that she could obtain sympathy from him.

Sure enough, after learning of Zhao Hong’s story, the plain-clothed monk was very sympathetic.

Seizing the opportunity, Zhao Hong requested his help.

If she were to lose her memories and reason again and return to being a deranged and hatred-filled demoness, the plain-clothed monk would enter the Reincarnation Ceremony and remove the Reincarnation Pearl that bound a portion of her soul.

The plain-clothed monk agreed to help her. However, he also had a condition.

That is, he wanted the Reincarnation Pearl.

With no alternative, Zhao Hong agreed to his condition.

Chu Feng knew everything that happened afterwards.

Sure enough, Zhao Hong had ended up losing her reasoning again.

The plain-clothed monk kept their promise. He breached the grand formation and took away the Reincarnation Pearl.

Even though Zhao Hong had failed to immediately regain her memories after the Reincarnation Ceremony was ruined, she had clearly regained her sense of reason.

Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been able to get along with Chu Feng and Wang Qiang so harmoniously.

“Oh, that’s right. Chu Feng, according to you, after we got separated by that strange power, none of us received any sort of injury.”

“You obtained a fortuitous meeting, and my husband encountered one too.”

“However, between all of us, I would be the one with the most incredible encounter.”

“I passed through a great distance between two starfields to return to the All-heaven Starfield from the Ancestral Martial Starfield. Furthermore, I returned to the Reincarnation Upper Realm of all places, and even recovered my memories of the past. In fact, even my talent began to awaken, giving me the confidence that I would be able to complete the Reincarnation Ceremony and gain the power of the Reincarnation Divine Body.”

“But... why would such things happen after that power separated us?”

“Do you not feel this to be very odd?” Zhao Hong asked.