Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4074 - Purple Star Variance Realm

“But, Lord Clan Chief.”

“Even if we are to ignore the dangers, the Xuanming Family will inevitably deliberately make things difficult for you.”

“That place is a sealed off region. Even if he is to attempt to kill you, he will...”

As Chu Hanpeng’s words reached this point, a look of determination appeared on his frowning face.

“Lord Clan Chief, how about you stay and look over Chu Feng, and I’ll go in your stead?” said Chu Hanpeng.

“Hanpeng, do not worry. Elders from the Purple Star Hall will be accompanying us. The Xuanming Family might not necessarily dare to act rashly,” said the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

“But, when the Xuanming Family caused trouble outside the Purple Star Hall, the people of the Purple Star Hall were all present. Yet, none of them bothered to stop them. It was instead the Red-dress Holy Land that...”

“Lord Clan Chief, I could tell that the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster has a benevolent heart. If you are to go, could you journey with them?” asked Chu Hanpeng.

“This is a grudge between our clan and the Xuanming Family. How could we continue to seek help from others?”

“Ignoring the fact that the Red-dress Holy Land and us are mere strangers who came together by chance, we know the purpose of our journey there. Because of that, it is destined that I will not be able to accompany any other powers.”

“Hanpeng, it’s enough. You need not say anymore. I must be the one to lead our clansmen.”

“You stay behind to watch over Chu Feng. If it were someone else, I wouldn’t be at ease,” said the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Chu Hanpeng attempted to dissuade the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief again. Unfortunately, he was unable to change his Lord Clan Chief’s mind at all.

The next day, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief led the elites of the Chu Heavenly Clan to the depths of the Purple Star Hall.

It was not only the Chu Heavenly Clan. The other nine overlord powers all did the same.

That place was a forbidden region of the Purple Star Hall.

Not long after they entered, the Purple Star Hall made an announcement to the people outside.

They announced that they’d prepared a generous gift for the ten overlord powers.

As for this generous gift, it was allowing the overlord powers of the Ten Abandoned Starfields to enter their Purple Star Hall’s forbidden area to train.

This forbidden area was no ordinary forbidden area. It was a place called the Purple Star Variance Realm.

Once this announcement was made, an enormous commotion arose.

As people from the Purple Star Upper Realm, they all knew what sort of place the Purple Star Variance Realm was.

It was a world that had existed since the Ancient Era.

While it was located in the Purple Star Upper Realm, it was actually an isolated world. A boundless amount of natural energies were present inside that world. Furthermore, there were a lot of natural oddities present.

In short, it was extremely suited for cultivators to train in, a sacred cultivation ground.

That was also the reason why the Purple Star Hall had established itself here after it gained rulership over the Purple Star Upper Realm. It was all because the entrance to the Purple Star Variance Realm was located in this region.

According to legend, the Purple Star Variance Realm was not only a sacred cultivation ground, but it was also a place that contained a legendary treasure.

Merely, no one knew what sort of treasure it was.

All they knew was that ever since the Purple Star Hall took control of the Purple Star Upper Realm, they’d never stopped in their search for that treasure. Yet, after searching for all so many years, they still hadn’t managed to find it.

In order to prevent others from acquiring the treasure, they guarded the entrance to the Purple Star Variance Realm very tightly.

Not to mention others, not even people from the Purple Star Hall were able to enter that place to train at will.

Because of that, the Purple Star Variance Realm was a legendary cultivation ground, a place where countless people yearned to enter, to the people from the Purple Star Upper Realm.

And now, the Ten Abandoned Starfields had actually managed to obtain the qualifications to enter the Purple Star Variance Realm to train. Not only did this make them feel envious, but they were also unable to understand why the Purple Star Hall decided to do that, why they would suddenly treat the Ten Abandoned Starfields this well.

It was one thing to allow them to search for Purple Star Wisterias on their own, but the Purple Star Hall was actually allowing the Ten Abandoned Starfields to enter the Purple Star Variance Realm, a place containing a legendary treasure.

Were they not afraid that the Ten Abandoned Starfields might end up discovering the legendary treasure and take it away?

At this moment, the crowd began to discuss this spiritedly.

What the crowd did not know was that while the Ten Abandoned Starfields entering the Purple Star Variance Realm might seem to be the Purple Star Hall giving charity to them, it was actually also filled with dangers.

The reason why the Purple Star Hall did not mention this matter publicly, and only mentioned it after the fact, was because their goal was not that simple.

While they seemed to be allowing the people from the Ten Abandoned Starfields’ overlords to enter the Purple Star Variance Realm to train on the surface, an act of enormous generosity, they had actually given them a mission.

The Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master had given a stone to every one of the Ten Abandoned Starfields.

That stone was no ordinary stone. It was capable of absorbing the natural energies in the Purple Star Variance Realm.

If that were all, things would not be dangerous.

But it just so happened that the stones were not only capable of absorbing natural energies, but they were also capable of attracting the attention of the variance beasts in the Purple Star Variance Realm.

The Purple Star Variance Beasts were special monsters in the Purple Star Variance Realm. Those monsters were very powerful. Among them were even Utmost Exalted-level existences.

As such, entering the Purple Star Variance Realm with those stones was a very dangerous thing to do.

On top of that, the Purple Star Hall made another request of the Ten Abandoned Starfields.

They stated that the power among the Ten Abandoned Starfields’ overlords that managed to absorb the greatest amount of natural energies into their stone would receive a reward from them.

As for the reward, it would be an Exalted Taboo Martial Skill, a rank three Exalted Taboo Martial Skill.

Exalted Taboo Martial Skills were extremely precious. Not to mention the Chu Heavenly Clan, they were also extremely precious treasures to the other powers.

If they were able to obtain a rank three Exalted Taboo, it could very well change the fate of the Ten Abandoned Starfields’ overlords.

On top of that, the Purple Star Hall also provided them with another enticement.

If they were fortunate enough to discover the Purple Star Variance Realm’s legendary treasure, they would be able to keep it for themselves.

Even though the Ten Abandoned Starfields’ overlords all knew that it would be practically impossible to find that treasure, it still provided them with a bit of expectation.

Thus, even though they all knew that it was dangerous, they were still willing to enter the Purple Star Variance Realm.

However, it was different for the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. He had simply never thought about being able to acquire that rank three Exalted Taboo Martial Skill.

If he could choose, he would choose to give up this opportunity.

In fact, he had indirectly expressed his opinion and desire to not enter the Purple Star Variance Realm at the banquet.

However, hearing that request, a surprising scene occurred.

The Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master flew into a terrible rage.

He declared out loud that if anyone refused to participate, they would be refusing to give him face.

His words were simply an indirect threat.

The unspoken implication of his words was that everyone must enter the Purple Star Variance Realm. If they refused, they would suffer consequences.

With a situation like this, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief had no choice but to brace himself and enter.

However, on the first day after entering, the Chu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief withdrew from the Purple Star Variance Realm with all the Chu Heavenly Clansmen.

But, the Chu Heavenly Clan was not the only one that withdrew.

After the second day passed, the Red-dress Holy Land also withdrew from the Purple Star Variance Realm.

As everyone knew, using the stone to absorb natural energies required time. The longer one could stay inside, the more natural energies would be absorbed.

As such, withdrawing from the Purple Star Variance Realm before the other powers was an act akin to giving up.