Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4103 - Such Aid

Chu Feng was surprised by this scene.

Even though he had no idea what Long Daozhi’s actual identity was, and had no idea what the Dragon Clan represented, he could guess that the ‘Dragon Clan’ had an enormous origin. Else, it would be impossible for even the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master to kneel on the ground in fear.

“Putt~~~”

Suddenly, another individual kneeled on the ground.

It was actually Lei Tong.

This Seven Stars Alliance Supreme Elder actually kneeled on the ground on his own initiative.

“So Milord is actually a member of the Dragon Clan.”

“It was this old man that was in the wrong. I was as blind as a bat. I hope that Milord will spare my life.”

Lei Tong, who was threatening Long Daozhi earlier, was actually covered in tears due to fear.

“Get up, get up. Why are you all kneeling?”

Long Daozhi ignored Lei Tong. With a wave of his sleeve, he forcibly brought the Chu Heavenly Clansmen back to their feet.

After helping the Chu Heavenly Clansmen back up, Long Daozhi cast his gaze to the others present, “Apart from the people from the Purple Star Hall and the Seven Stars Alliance, everyone else can get back up.”

However, the crowd were hesitant to get up.

Subconsciously, they looked to the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Lei Tong.

They were afraid of the two of them.

After all, the two of them were both kneeling. If they were to get up now, it would be rather unsuitable.

“I’m telling you all to stand up. Did you not hear me?”

Right at this moment, Long Daozhi’s voice sounded again.

Furthermore, his voice this time around was filled with annoyance.

“Thank you, Milord.”

Seeing that Long Daozhi was displeased, the crowd no longer dared to hesitate, and immediately got up.

Compared to the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Lei Tong, they were more afraid of Long Daozhi.

Even though they knew that he was not intending to make things difficult for them, they still had nervous expressions all over their faces, and did not dare to utter a single word.

One should know that Lei Tong was someone with an extraordinary status. His appearance had caused a major commotion.

Yet, while the crowd were also feeling afraid when Lei Tong appeared, they were not so afraid that they did not dare to converse with one another.

It was precisely the crowd’s conversations that let Chu Feng learn of Lei Tong’s identity.

However, after Long Daozhi took out that title plate, these people were not only scared, but they were so scared that they did not even dare to say anything, so scared that they did not even dare to breathe deeply.

Because of this, Chu Feng felt even more certain that Long Daozhi possessed a remarkable identity.

“Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master. Seven Stars Alliance’s elder.”

“Are the two of you still unconvinced?” Long Daozhi spoke with a stern voice.

“Milord, this lowly one wouldn’t dare, this lowly one wouldn’t dare.”

“Earlier, this lowly one didn’t know of Milord’s identity. I hope that Lord Long will not blame me. Milord, please spare me.”

Both the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Lei Tong were apologizing repeatedly.

“In that case, I’d like to ask the two of you if there’s anything inappropriate about me taking away the Purple Star Hall’s hall protection martial skill?” asked Long Daozhi.

“Nothing inappropriate, there’s nothing inappropriate.”

“Milord, this old man was muddled earlier. I will punish myself, I will punish myself immediately.”

As Lei Tong spoke, he began to publicly slap himself. Furthermore, he was not doing it for show, as he put a lot of strength behind his slaps, so much that he even deformed his face.

“That’s good. Since you two don’t have any objections, you can continue kneeling there.”

“Listen carefully. Everyone from the Purple Star Hall and you, elder of the Seven Stars Alliance, continut to kneel here. You are not allowed to get back up before dusk,” Long Daozhi ordered with a stern voice.

“Yes, Milord!”

The people from the Purple Star Hall and Lei Tong answered in succession.

Seeing this, Long Daozhi let out a sneer, and then brought Chu Feng and the Chu Heavenly Clansmen away.

Surprisingly, even though Long Daozhi had left, Lei Tong and the people from the Purple Star Hall actually continued to kneel. None of them dared to stand up.

As for the others, lingering fear was present on their faces.

They were all frightened by Long Daozhi’s identity.

His identity brought them even more fear than Chu Feng’s talent.

At this moment, the Red-dress Holy Land’s headmaster Han Xiu had a pensive look on her face. After a while, she sighed. “I seem to understand why Lady Zhao Hong wanted me to make sure to have a good relation with the Chu Heavenly Clan. Who would’ve imagined that they’re actually backed by someone like that.”

......

Long Daozhi left with the people from the Chu Heavenly Clan.

He even ordered his Ancestral Martial Dragon City’s experts to escort the Chu Heavenly Clansmen back to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

However, Chu Feng was told to stay with him.

Long Daozhi informed Chu Feng that he had a matter that he needed to discuss with him.

At this moment, Chu Feng was in the mobile war chariot’s palace hall all by himself.

He had learned why the words ‘Dragon Clan’ would terrify even Lei Tong like that.

It turned out that the Dragon Clan was an extremely powerful existence in the Holy Light Galaxy.

There were a total of ninety-six starfields in the Holy Light Galaxy. Of them, only six were Upper Starfields.

The overlords of the six Upper Starfields were in turn the six strongest powers in the Holy Light Galaxy.

As for that Dragon Clan, they were the overlord of one of the six Upper Starfields, the Totem Starfield.

They were a power with an innumerable amount of Utmost Exalted-level experts, and many Martial Exalted-level experts as commanding officers.

It was no wonder Lei Tong would be so terrified.

Among the Middle Starfields, the Seven Stars Alliance was a relatively weak existence.

As such, Lei Tong would naturally not dare to provoke a colossus like the Dragon Clan.

The bloodline power emitted by Long Daozhi’s title plate was a special bloodline unique to the Dragon Clan.

That bloodline power was something that not even world spirit techniques could fake.

It was the most powerful proof for Dragon Clansmen to prove their identity.

It was no wonder that once Long Daozhi revealed that title plate, not a single person had any doubts, and everyone believed in his identity.

“Creak~~~”

The entrance to the palace hall suddenly opened. A figure walked in.

The person that came in was none other than Long Daozhi.

“Young friend Chu Feng, my apologies in making you wait,” he said with an apologetic tone as he looked to Chu Feng.

“Senior, what are you talking about? It was senior who saved my clan earlier. I’ve only waited for a short while. It’s simply no inconvenience at all.”

Chu Feng immediately got up upon seeing Long Daozhi. His attitude was extremely respectful.

His impression of Long Daozhi had been extremely good the entire time.

After all, adding this time, Long Daozhi had saved his Chu Heavenly Clan twice now.

It would not be excessive to say that Long Daozhi was their Chu Heavenly Clan’s great benefactor.

“Actually, I was ordering my subordinates to do some things.”

“What I had my subordinates do is related to your Chu Heavenly Clan,” said Long Daozhi.

“Senior, what might you have ordered?” asked Chu Feng.

“Chu Feng, you’ve seen those two subordinates of mine earlier. What do you think of their strength?”

Long Daozhi did not directly answer Chu Feng’s question. Instead, he asked another question.

Long Daozhi had actually brought many subordinates with him. However, among them, only two were particularly outstanding.

They were two old men. Both of them were completely quiet and uncommunicative. But, they emitted powerful airs. One could tell from a single glance that they were not ordinary individuals.

“If my guess is correct, those two must both be rank five Utmost Exalted. That sort of cultivation is very powerful,” said Chu Feng.

“Young friend Chu Feng’s vision is outstanding. As expected of a Saint-cloak World Spiritist that has grasped the Dragon Transformation Sensation.”

“Apart from me, there are three other powerful individuals in my Ancestral Martial Dragon City.”

“The three of them are all my trusted aides. Furthermore, their cultivations have all reached rank five Utmost Exalted. As such, they are the strongest battle power of my Ancestral Martial Dragon City.”

“Earlier, I gave an order to dispatch a hundred thousand of my Ancestral Martial Dragon City’s elites to safeguard your Chu Heavenly Clan. The two from earlier will be the ones in charge,” said Long Daozhi.

“Senior, what are you...” Chu Feng felt astonished.

He had realized Long Daozhi’s intention.

Long Daozhi was planning to openly utilize the strength of his Ancestral Martial Dragon City to protect Chu Feng’s Chu Heavenly Clan.

But, it was one thing for him to order a hundred thousand of his Ancestral Martial Dragon City’s elites.

But, earlier, Long Daozhi had stated that he had three trusted aides.

Yet now, he had dispatched two of them to protect the Chu Heavenly Clan.

With this, it would mean that his Ancestral Martial Dragon City would only possess a single trusted aide.

Chu Feng was completely overwhelmed by this sort of treatment. He even found it difficult to accept. Momentarily, he was lost as to what to do.

“Senior, this junior knows that senior is doing this for the good or my Chu Heavenly Clan.”

“But, there’s simply no need for senior to do all this.”

After reacting to what he had just learned, Chu Feng decided to refuse Long Daozhi’s kind intentions.

He was not an undiscriminating person. It was just that he was truly unable to bear such an enormous favor from Long Daozhi.

After all, Long Daozhi did not owe his Chu Heavenly Clan anything. Instead, it was his Chu Heavenly Clan that owed Long Daozhi.

“Young friend Chu Feng, I know what you’re most worried about is the people of the Chu Heavenly Clan that you consider to be family.”

“From now on, you don’t have to worry about them.”

“You won’t have to fear the consequences for your actions. Go ahead and make your way in the Holy Light Galaxy. I guarantee you that no one will dare touch your Chu Heavenly Clan.”

“Apart from this, I’ve provided some cultivation resources helpful to those with a Heavenly Bloodline like yourself.”

“Those cultivation resources will be able to greatly promote the strength of your bloodline power.”

“While those cultivation resources might not be of much help to someone of your talent, they should be helpful for your clansmen.

“With those cultivation resources, the overall strength of your Chu Heavenly Clan will increase.”

“In time, it wouldn’t be an issue for your Lord Clan Chief to make a breakthrough to Utmost Exalted either.

“Before coming here, I ordered my men to deliver those cultivation resources to your Chu Heavenly Clan.”

“They should’ve arrived at your Chu Heavenly Clan by now. Once your clan chief and the others return, they will be able to use them,” Long Daozhi continued.

“Senior, you... this... this junior is simply unable to return the favor.” Chu Feng felt extremely grateful.

Long Daozhi’s actions were simply too good to the Chu Heavenly Clan.

“Young friend Chu Feng, you don’t have to thank me. I actually have my own goal in doing all this.”

“The help that I’ve provided your Chu Heavenly Clan with can only be said to be a reward.”

“I have something that I need your help with,” said Long Daozhi.

“My help?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Senior, you are the person who saved this Chu Feng, my benefactor. I, Chu Feng, owe senior enormously. If there’s anything you need my help with, please go ahead and tell me. There’s no need for all this,” said Chu Feng.

Long Daozhi sighed. “That was that and this is this.” He smiled and waved his hand. When he looked to Chu Feng again, his expression suddenly turned grave. “Chu Feng, what I want your help with is no small task. It might even be a danger to your life.”

“Do not be so quick to agree to help me. It would not be too late to hear me out first before deciding.”

“Let me declare this in advance. Even if you refuse me, I will not blame you.”