Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4104 - Dragon Vein Source Stone

After hearing Long Daozhi out, Chu Feng realized the situation of Long Daozhi and Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

The Dragon Clan was a true colossus in the Holy Light Galaxy.

They could be said to be a power that was only barely weaker than the Holy Light Clan.

However, the Dragon Clan was actually a clan that came from elsewhere.

The Dragon Clan arrived at the Holy Light Galaxy over a hundred thousand years ago.

At that time, there were a lot of Dragon Clansmen. For the sake of the continuation of their excellent bloodline and taking root in the Holy Light Galaxy, the Dragon Clan underwent an internal purge.

The so-called internal purge was a process of filtration through cultivation, strength and talent.

Those with outstanding talent or strong cultivations were all allowed to stay in the Dragon Clan and follow their clan chief to conquer the world.

As for those with insufficient talent and relatively weak cultivations, they were to leave the Dragon Clan. Furthermore, they were not allowed to proclaim themselves to be part of the Dragon Clan from then on.

Long Daozhi’s forefathers were one of the many groups of Dragon Clansmen that were filtered.

His forefathers no longer had the backing of their clan, and had to fend for themselves.

After many years and many generations passed, and after wandering through various different places in the Holy Light Galaxy, they ultimately established themselves in the Ancestral Martial Starfield, and established the current Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

Even though the people from Ancestral Martial Dragon City were purged from the Dragon Clan, the equivalent of being expelled, the blood flowing through them was still that of the Dragon Clan.

Because of that, the Dragon Clan had kept in touch with Ancestral Martial Dragon City and the other filtered groups all these years.

Even though they’d become self-reliant, they would still work for the Dragon Clan.

When the Dragon Clan was happy with them, they would also be rewarded.

Take the title plate Long Daozhi took out earlier for example.

That title plate was a reward from the Dragon Clan.

One should know that all the members of the Dragon Clan, regardless of their cultivation or age, had a title plate like that. That was the symbol of identity for the Dragon Clansmen.

Yet, a title plate that all the Dragon Clansmen possessed became a reward, an act of charity, when it ended up in the hands of Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

This illustrated a problem.

At the beginning, the Dragon Clan had expelled their fellow clansmen, a cruel act, for the sake of their clan’s future.

However, things were no longer the same.

After over a hundred thousand years had passed, the Dragon Clansmen simply no longer had any familial love for Long Daozhi and their other expelled clansmen.

They no longer considered them as people, as their fellow clansmen.

They only viewed them as their slaves.

They were people that they could move about at will. They were nothing more than servants running errands for them.

Even though the Dragon Clansmen no longer cared for Long Daozhi and their other clansmen scattered all over the Holy Light Galaxy, Long Daozhi and the others had a common cherished dream.

That dream of theirs was also their forefathers’ dream.

They wished that one day, they would be acknowledged by their clan again, and be able to return to the Dragon Clan.

They hoped that they would be able to face the people of the world as members of the Dragon Clan again.

And now, one such opportunity had presented itself.

“It has been over a hundred thousand years now.”

“Ever since our forefathers were purged, we’ve kept in contact with our clan the entire time.”

“But, in all these years, no matter how many things we did for our clan, our clan never showed any intention to call us back.”

“Yet now, an opportunity has finally presented itself.”

“This is the first opportunity our clan has given us in all these years. It’s also very possible that this will be the last opportunity.”

“Because of that, I must grasp it.”

“For the sake of our forefathers, for the sake of our descendants, and for my own sake, I must grasp this opportunity.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Long Daozhi became very emotional as his words reached this point.

Chu Feng could see the longing from the bottom of his heart in his eyes.

He was longing to be acknowledged by his clan, longing to return to his clan.

That sort of longing was like the feeling of a vagabond that had wandered the world for many years wishing to return home.

“Senior, what sort of opportunity has been presented by the Dragon Clan?” Chu Feng asked, unable to contain himself.

He was grateful toward Long Daozhi to begin with, and considered him as his benefactor.

After he learned of the experience of Long Daozhi and the others from the Ancestral Martial Dragon City, he became emotionally moved and very sympathetic.

After all, what Long Daozhi and others had experienced was very similar to what he had experienced back then.

Since Long Daozhi wanted to return to the Dragon Clan that much, Chu Feng would naturally make an all-out effort to assist him.

“Our Dragon Clan needs resources in order to train.”

“As for the resources, they are separated into different grades.”

“Recently, a sort of ore by the name of Dragon Vein Source Stone appeared in the Heaven-devouring Starfield.”

“That Dragon Vein Source Stone is a sort of resource our Dragon Clan uses to train with. Furthermore, it’s an extremely high quality resource.”

“That is the opportunity we were given,” said Long Daozhi.

“The person who is able to retrieve the Dragon Vein Source Stone will be allowed to return to the Dragon Clan?” asked Chu feng.

“Correct. If I am able to retrieve that Dragon Vein Source Stone, everyone from our Ancestral Martial Dragon City will be able to return to the Dragon Clan,” said Long Daozhi.

“But, according to what senior has told me, there should be a lot of people that were purged from the Dragon Clan. Ancestral Martial Dragon City is merely a small portion.”

“Since the Dragon Clan has given you this opportunity, they should’ve informed all their expelled clansmen, no?”

“Thus, wouldn’t that mean that you’ll have to fight over this opportunity?” asked Chu Feng.

“That’s right, we’ll have to fight over it.”

“However, there are a total of four Dragon Vein Source Stones.”

“Because of that, I’ve entered an alliance with four other fellow clansmen’s powers.”

“We will act together to compete against the other fellow clansmen’s powers.”

“Once we succeed, we will divide the four Dragon Vein Source Stones equally. With that, we will all be able to return to the clan.”

“Actually, I’ve already requested Grandmaster Liangqiu’s aid.”

“But, just in case, I still hope that young friend Chu Feng will be willing to aid us,” said Long Daozhi.

“When is this happening?” asked Chu Feng.

“There’s still two months until the appointed time. However, we must arrive ahead of time to discuss strategies.”

“Young friend Chu Feng, why did you ask that? Could it be that you have something you need to do?”

There was a slight look of worry in Long Daozhi’s eyes as he asked those words.

He was afraid that Chu Feng would have something he needed to do, and not be able to help him.

“No, this junior doesn’t have anything that I need to do. Senior, according to your intention, we’re going to leave for that Heaven-devouring Starfield now?” asked Chu Feng.

“Young friend Chu Feng, the Dragon Vein Source Stones are items from the Ancient Era. Furthermore, they’re located in an endless abyss.”

“Furthermore, the Dragon Vein Source Stones were mastered items. Because of that, they will be protected by spirit formations when they appear.”

“Those spirit formations are no small matter. That is why I hope that you will be able to help me.”

“Besides, even if we are to ignore the spirit formation traps, our various clansmen will definitely fight each other for the sake of obtaining the Dragon Vein Source Stones. Because of that, it will be very dangerous to go there.”

“Young friend Chu Feng, are you really willing to help me?” asked Long Daozhi.

“Senior, you saved my life. How could I fear death now?”

“Let us go. We’ll check out that Heaven-devouring Starfield.”

“I also wanted to check out the rest of the world,” said Chu Feng.

“Very well. We’ll set off immediately.”

Seeing that Chu Feng had agreed to it, Long Daozhi was beaming with happiness. Then, he ordered his subordinates to activate the war chariot to proceed toward the Heaven-devouring Starfield.

En route, Chu Feng asked what he was curious about.

“Senior, with how experienced and knowledgeable you are, I want to ask you about something,” said Chu Feng.

“What is it? Young friend Chu Feng can ask away,” said Long Daozhi.

“I’ve encountered a group of people. They wore white gowns with mist lingering over them. Their appearances were also covered by the mist, making it difficult to make them out.”

“Senior, do you know what sort of power they belong to?” asked Chu Feng.

“Young friend Chu Feng, why are you asking about them?” asked Long Daozhi.

Even though his tone was calm, Chu Feng noticed that a trace of unease flashed through Long Daozhi’s eyes after hearing his description.

Even though that unease lasted but an instant, he seemed to be worrying about something.