Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4107 - Mysterious Gray-gowned Individual

“Damn it!”

Sensing that the situation was bad, the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master grabbed Li Mengyue and rushed towards the entrance of the palace hall. He was fleeing.

“Wuuahh~~~”

A scream was heard, and a rumble sounded from the direction of the palace hall’s entrance.

A powerful impact caused the entire palace to tremble violently.

It was the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master. He had smashed into the entrance door.

Yet, that entrance door remained completely undamaged.

An expert of his caliber was actually unable to breach the door.

A power had sealed off this palace hall.

Not to mention the door, even the walls were impregnable.

The Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Li Mengyue were trapped here.

This brought despair to the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Li Mengyue.

Even though they’d yet to fight, they’d already realized that this little girl was someone that they couldn’t possibly defeat.

“Go ahead and flee. I’ll give you two an incense stick’s worth of time. If you can escape from this place, I will spare your lives,” that little girl’s voice sounded.

When they looked at the little girl again, they discovered that she had taken a seat, and had begun eating some light refreshments.

She was simply not placing the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Li Mengyue in her eyes at all.

However, her behavior also revealed her confidence. She was confident that the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Li Mengyue would definitely not be able to escape.

“Our Purple Star Hall had been respectful and reverent toward you the entire time. We’ve regarded you as a god.”

“Why would you do this to us?” the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master asked with a stern and somewhat sobbing tone.

A look of grievance filled his face.

He was indeed feeling wronged. He never would’ve imagined that the cultivation treasure that his Purple Star Hall’s many generations of predecessors looked forward to would be such a dangerous demonic object.

When it appeared, what it brought upon their Purple Star Hall was actually a calamity, wiping out their entire power.

“Regarded me as a god?”

Suddenly, the little girl put down the refreshment she was enjoying and turned her gaze to the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master.

“You all merely wanted to obtain my power, that’s all.”

“If the means to obtain my power meant that you’d have to refine me, you would have definitely not hesitated to do so.”

“As such, I am merely giving you a taste of your own medicine.”

After the little girl finished saying those words, the light surrounding her body began to flicker.

“Zzzz~~~”

Then, the lightning surrounding her body shot out of her like sharp swords.

Then, in midair, they mixed together and formed a giant lightning hand that moved to grab the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Li Mengyue.

“You damned monster! I’ll take you down with me!”

With a furious shout, the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master took out his weapon. He wanted to risk it all.

Unfortunately, he was actually completely powerless to resist that giant lightning hand.

In an instant, the lightning had covered both father and daughter.

Even though their mouths were wide open and they seemed like they were screaming in miserable pain, their voices could not be heard, as they were completely enveloped by the lightning.

Finally, the lightning returned to the little girl’s body.

As for the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and his daughter Li Mengyue, they had been reduced to two miserable looking corpses on the ground.

In no time at all, the little girl killed everyone in the Purple Star Hall.

However, even after she did such a cruel thing, there was no change in her expression.

Instead, she had her eyes closed, and her body was twinkling with a strange light.

It seemed as if there were some sort of power assimilating into her body.

Truth was, there was indeed a stream of power entering her body.

That was bloodline power, the Purple Star Hall’s Hall Master and Li Mengyue’s bloodline power.

That was the reason why she’d eliminated everyone from the Purple Star Hall.

She needed their bloodline powers.

Soon, the little girl opened her eyes again.

She grabbed her clothes and exposed her right arm.

There was a series of peculiar vein lines on her arm.

The vein lines crisscrossed one another and covered her entire arm. Furthermore, they were spreading toward her body, seemingly connecting it.

In the central region of her arm was an extremely important place. It seemed like a formation core.

But, that place was empty.

“Truly never would I have imagined that that brat by the name of Chu Feng would be this difficult to deal with.”

“Not only did I fail to plunder his bloodline, I was instead nearly refined by him.”

“Even though I managed to successfully escape from his body, I ended up losing my Life Soul.”

“That said, fortunately I have the Life Soul. It’s thanks to it that I was able to withstand the lightning tribulation and breach the spirit formation seal to allow me to regain my freedom and escape.”

“Brat, the matter between you and I will not be settled with just this.”

“I will properly repay you for what you’ve done,” the little girl said with a fierce expression.

Suddenly, her expression changed. She seemed to be horrified.

At the same time, she turned her gaze to the entrance.

“Who is it?!” shouted the little girl.

Nervousness filled her face.

After the little girl said those words, a figure actually really appeared at the direction of the entrance.

That person wore a gray gown. The gown had a hood that covered their appearance.

Only a pair of deep, shrewd and ruthless eyes were revealed.

“Ominous being, to unleash a massacre right after exiting, it’s no wonder you were sealed.”

That gray-gowned individual spoke. From their voice, one could tell that this individual was an old lady.

“Zzzzz~~~”

Right after that gray-gowned individual spoke, dazzling lightning rushed toward her.

The little girl attacked.

From the words spoken by that gray-gowned individual, she could tell that she had come with ill-intentions.

When she was able to ruthlessly kill even the innocent, how could she possibly spare an enemy?

Her lightning attack was extremely fierce. If it struck, her foe would definitely be killed.

However, right before the lightning reached that gray-gowned individual, it stopped.

An invisible barrier had blocked the lightning attack.

Right at that moment, the gray-gowned individual took out a bottle gourd.

Runes and symbols that flickered with light covered the bottle gourd, and a strange power covered the entire palace hall.

“Crap!”

Seeing that the situation had turned bad, the little girl turned around to escape.

But, even though she had turned around, she was unable to fly away.

There was an enormous suction power enveloping her. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

That suction came from precisely that bottle gourd.

“There’s no grievance between us, why are you trying to capture me?”

“Let me go!” The little girl shouted loudly.

However, that gray-cloaked individual merely ignored her, and grabbed the bottle gourd.

The suction from the bottle gourd continued to pull the little girl closer.

The little girl exerted all her strength, but was unable to break free from the suction. In the end, as she continued to shout, she was sucked into the bottle gourd.

After the little girl entered the bottle gourd, it started to shake violently.

The shaking was so intense that it seemed like the bottle gourd could shatter at any moment.

“Truly an ominous being.”

The gray-gowned individual remained calm, and actually let out a faint laugh.

Then, the gray-gowned individual took out a talisman paper and sealed the bottle gourd. With that, the gourd started to calm down.

Then, the gray-gowned individual opened the entrance to the palace hall and soared into the sky.

She did not even bother to take a glance at the corpses that filled the Purple Star Hall.

Instead, she looked to the southeast. Her gaze turned pensive.

After looking in that direction for some time, the gray-gowned individual’s body swayed all of a sudden. Then, she disappeared.

No one knew where the overwhelmingly powerful gray-gowned individual went.

But, the direction that she had looked to earlier was the direction that Chu Feng and Long Daozhi had left in...