Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4112 - Little Fishy?

“Did my grandma tell you that it’ll be impossible to leave the Heaven-devouring Realm after entering it?” asked Fumo Xin’er.

“Mn,” Chu Feng nodded.

“My grandma lied to you.”

“There’s actually a way to leave . Merely, that method is very dangerous. It requires an Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast.”

“If I were on my own it would be very difficult for me to help you leave. However, with my big brother’s help we will most likely be able to help you,” said Fumo Xin’er.

“Might you be willing to tell me about the specifics of this method?” asked Chu Feng.

“The method would be to enter the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts’ territory, inside that blazing cliff.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“However, inside that blazing cliff, our Demon Vanquishing Clan’s Demon Vanquishing Talisman will become ineffective against the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts.”

“That is the reason why my grandma told you there’s no way out.”

“It is truly very dangerous. Facing all those Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts, it would be not excessive to say that it would be near-certain death.”

“That said, my big brother is very courageous. Furthermore, he has always wanted to leave this Heaven-devouring Realm. Thus, he has researched for many years, and had great insights.”

“If you want to leave this place, he will definitely help you.”

“That said, the premise would be to rescue him first,” said Fumo Xin’er.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng came to a realization.

Things were actually pretty much as he had expected.

It was actually possible to leave, however he would need to pass through the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts to leave.

What Chu Feng did not expect was that even the Demon Vanquishing Clan’s ability to restrain the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts would become ineffective inside that blazing cliff.

Thinking about how powerful that Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast was, Chu Feng wondered how he would be able to confront something like that without restraints on it.

It was no wonder the old granny insisted with determination that there was no way to leave.

It was actually as Fumo Xin’er had said. That old granny did not possess any malice. She merely did not wish for them to attempt such a dangerous thing.

That said, if she was worried, Chu Feng had something else he was unable to understand.

If she knew that her grandson was in danger, why did that old granny refuse to go save him?

“How did your big brother and that Netherworld Ice Hall come into conflict with one another?”

“Furthermore, what is the sealed territory your grandma spoke of?” Chu Feng asked curiously.

Since he was going to rescue someone, he would need to know roughly what had happened.

As for the sealed territory, he asked about that purely out of curiosity.

Fumo Xin’er did not attempt to conceal anything. She began to answer Chu Feng’s questions.

The sealed territory was where their Demon Vanquishing Clan and the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts resided.

Like how the Heaven-devouring Realm was cut off from the rest of the world, the sealed territory was cut off from the rest of the Heaven-devouring Realm.

Furthermore, practically everyone from the Heaven-devouring Realm knew about the Heaven-devouring Beasts.

In fact, many people viewed them as gods.

However, those people all believed that the Heaven-devouring Beasts were already extinct.

Apart from the Demon Vanquishing Clan, practically no one in the entire Heaven-devouring Realm knew of the existence of the Heaven-devouring Beasts.

The reason for that is all because the sealed territory was cut off from the rest of the Heaven-devouring Realm.

It was simply impossible for outsiders to enter the sealed region. Furthermore, they also did not know of its existence.

As for that Netherworld Ice Hall, they were the current ruler of the Heaven-devouring Realm.

Merely, they were brutal and inhuman rulers.

The Netherworld Ice Hall had reduced the Heaven-devouring Realm to purgatory.

The mysterious technique that the people from the Netherworld Ice Hall trained in was a very fierce and ruthless sort of mysterious technique.

It needed the souls of cultivators in order to train.

That aspect of theirs greatly resembled that of the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts.

Because of that, the Netherworld Ice Hall considered the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts as gods.

Even the Netherworld Ice Hall’s totems were constructed according to the appearance of the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts.

That said, the Netherworld Ice Hall was much more ruthless than the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts.

Every year, tens of millions of people would die at the hands of the Netherworld Ice Hall.

The powers of the Heaven-devouring Realm would all have to pay tribute to the Netherworld Ice Hall every year.

Merely, their tributes were living people.

“Because of that, your big brother was unable to tolerate the Netherworld Ice Hall’s wicked behavior and attacked them?” asked Chu Feng.

“You can say that.”

“It was mainly because he saw a little girl being captured by the people from the Netherworld Ice Hall.”

“My brother was truly incapable of tolerating their behavior. Because of that, he tried to save the little girl.”

“Unfortunately, not only did he fail to rescue the little girl, he instead got himself captured.”

“That little girl has been brought to the Netherworld Ice Hall’s main palace now. She will definitely not be able to escape this calamity.”

“Little Fishy is truly pitiful.”

As Fumo Xin’er shook her head, she sighed with regret.

Hearing her words, Chu Feng reacted as if he had pulled some sort of vein, as emotions suddenly filled his mind.

Even Chu Feng’s tone changed as he asked, “Little Fishy? Who is this Little Fishy you’re speaking of?”

“Little Fishy is that little girl I told you about, the little girl my brother tried to rescue. Why are you acting so emotional? Could it be that you know her?”

Fumo Xin’er blinked her large eyes and looked at Chu Feng with surprise after seeing how emotionally he was reacting.

“Did you see that Little Fishy that you spoke of? Do you know what sort of little girl she is?” asked Chu Feng.

“Of course I’ve seen her before. She’s a little girl with exceptional talent.”

“Her origin is extremely mysterious. No one knows where she came from, and no one knows who her parents are.”

“Furthermore, that little girl is extremely fond of water. Her swimming speed is extremely fast, even faster than the aquatic monstrous beasts.”

“Even though she’s very young, she has a very decent appearance.”

“Speaking of it, I am also very fond of that girl. Unfortunately I am powerless to do anything about her current situation,” Fumo Xin’er sighed.

Hearing those words, Chu Feng reacted as if he had been struck by lightning, and stood there completely stunned.

A long time passed before he was finally able to recover somewhat.

“Buzz~~~”

Suddenly, Chu Feng released his spirit power and enveloped Fumo Xin’er with it.

“Show me the way.”

After saying those words, Chu Feng’s speed grew faster all of a sudden.

Earlier, it was Fumo Xin’er bringing Chu Feng along.

Yet, at that moment it was Chu Feng bringing Fumo Xin’er along.

Chu Feng activated his Nine Dragons Saint Cloak, bloodline power and rank one Dragon Transformation Sensation, all his abilities to increase the strength of his world spirit techniques.

With his fastest speed, he rushed towards the Netherworld Ice Hall.

“You... how could you be this powerful?”

“It would appear that I’ve underestimated you.”

Chu Feng’s sudden display of his strength had evidently shocked Fumo Xin’er.

However, her expression soon changed.

“You couldn’t possibly really know that Little Fishy right?” Fumo Xin’er looked at Chu Feng with shock.

“I know someone by the name of Little Fishy, If that Little Fishy is as you described, they could very possibly be the same person,” said Chu Feng.

“You’re kidding. How could there be such a coincidence?” Fumo Xin’er didn’t believe him.

“Regardless, I must go and have a look,” said Chu Feng.

“Even if they’re the same person, you still wouldn’t be able to save her.”

“There was still a chance to save her before. However, after my big brother failed to save her, Little Fishy was taken to be imprisoned in the Netherworld Ice Hall’s main palace.”

“That place is guarded by peak Utmost Exalted-level experts.”

“After all, Little Fishy is the sacrifice that the Netherworld Ice Hall’s Hall Master plans to use to train.”

“As for that Netherworld Ice Hall’s Hall Master, he’s a Martial Exalted-level expert.”

“Unless you’re able to contend against a Martial Exalted-level expert, then, not to mention saving her, you won’t even be able to approach her,” said Fumo Xin’er.

Chu Feng didn’t say anything. He continued onward.

That said, whilst he was traveling his hand moved toward his chest.

There was a pendant around his neck the entire time.

That pendant just so happened to hang down to his chest, and was hidden under his clothes.

That pendant was actually very simple and crude.

It was a little stone tied to a hemp rope.

However, that pendant was something Little Fishy had given him.

Little Fishy was the little girl that Chu Feng had encountered in the Eastern Sea Region.

Even though they had only interacted for a very short period of time, Little Fishy had left a deep impression on Chu Feng.

Later on, Chu Feng had attempted to search for her.

However, not to mention the Eastern Sea Region, he had failed to find her in the entire Ancestral Martial Lower Realm.

With that, Chu Feng came to a conclusion that Little Fishy must’ve left the Ancestral Martial Lower Realm. That said, he had no idea where she had gone.

He had originally thought that their parting back then would be the last time they saw one another.

He had never expected to find her in that place.

Although it was also possible that the Little Fishy who had been captured was someone else, and their names were merely a coincidence, would there really be such a coincidental thing in the world?

In any case, Chu Feng needed to go and check things out.

If that was truly the Little Fishy he knew, Chu Feng would definitely rescue her.

Even if he needed to confront a Martial Exalted-level expert, Chu Feng would still have to give it his all.