Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4115 - Fumo Shaoyu

For the rest of their journey, apart from the change in Fumo Xin’er’s attitude toward Chu Feng, the two of them did not encounter any other trouble.

Instead, their journey was exceptionally smooth.

Not only did they arrive at the Netherworld Ice Hall without a hitch, but they also managed to find the location where Fumo Xin’er’s big brother was imprisoned without encountering any problems.

Fumo Xin’er’s older brother had failed to rescue Little Fishy, and been thrown into a death prison by the people from the Netherworld Ice Hall.

That death prison was actually a vicious grand formation.

Those imprisoned in the death formation would slowly be refined by it.

Not only would they die in pain, but they would also be turned into cultivation resources for the Netherworld Ice Hall.

However, one thing worthy of mentioning was the fact that the death prison was not tightly guarded.

With Chu Feng’s abilities, he easily snuck inside.

Whilst there were some guards outside the death prison, there were no guards inside. The grand formation was the only thing inside.

As such, Chu Feng finally managed to meet Fumo Xin’er’s big brother.

Like Fumo Xin’er, her big brother’s appearance would be ranked as that of a dragon among men.

In simpler terms, Fumo Xin’er’s big brother was extremely handsome. He even emitted the extraordinary air of a ruler.

Merely by looking at him, one would think that the man was extraordinary and would definitely accomplish great things in the future.

Ignoring his cultivation, merely his appearance would be enough to charm countless women.

However, in the world of cultivators, strength was the most important.

Women were all fond of powerful men. For them, one’s appearance did not have too much appeal.

The only exception would be men that were especially handsome.

Fumo Xin’er’s big brother was evidently one such man. He was a man who could charm women with merely his appearance.

There were a lot of people imprisoned in this death prison. However, the majority of them were already dead. They had been reduced to bones with their source energies sucked dry.

Only a dozen or so people were still alive in the death prison.

They were all enduring the torment of the death prison. The great majority of them had lost consciousness. Yet, they were still letting out painful moans and screams.

However, Fumo Xin’er’s big brother was an exception.

Even though he was clearly inside the death prison and enveloped by the power of the spirit formation, he was acting like he was completely unaffected.

Not only was he sitting in a corner of the prison, but he was actually reading a book with his head lowered.

He was completely immersed in his reading, so much so that he didn’t even hear Fumo Xin’er when she called for him.

This sort of situation made Fumo Xin’er extremely anxious.

After all, even if there wasn’t anyone guarding the inside of the death prison, there were still people guarding the outside.

She did not dare to shout loudly at her brother because she was afraid of alarming the guards outside.

As for Chu Feng, he was curious as to exactly what sort of book Fumo Xin’er’s big brother was reading to make him so entranced.

As such, he activated his Heaven’s Eyes to carefully examine the book.

However, once he did, black lines rolled down his head.

That book was not a mysterious technique or martial skill. It was not a cultivation method either. It was only an ordinary book.

There were many different types of ordinary books.

There were stories about powerful experts and historical biographies.

In short, the majority of them were made-up stories.

That said, the sort of book that Fumo Xin’er’s big brother was reading was the most unbearable sort.

It was a book that was unsuitable for children.

That said, even for those, they would mostly be about the sentiments between a man and a woman.

But, the one that Fumo Xin’er’s big brother was reading seemed to be about the sentiments between a man and another man. It was not a story about camaraderie between brothers. Instead, it was similar to the feelings between a man and a woman. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was the first time that Chu Feng had caught sight of such reading material.

Seeing it, he immediately felt goose bumps all over his body. He was extremely uncomfortable.

When he looked at Fumo Xin’er’s brother again and saw how handsome, confident and extraordinary he looked, a word suddenly appeared in Chu Feng’s mind - freak.

“What are we to do? This happens every time my brother is immersed in a book. He’s especially concentrated when he reads books. Unless one is to shout at him loudly, he will not be able to hear you at all,” Fumo Xin’er said to Chu Feng quietly.

“Are you stupid?”

“Do you not know how to send him a voice transmission?”

Chu Feng rolled his eyes at Fumo Xin’er.

“Oh, that’s true!”

Fumo Xin’er came to a sudden realization.

Then, she did as Chu Feng had suggested.

Whilst voice transmissions could only be heard by the people they were meant for, the sound of the voices differed according to one’s will.

As such, Fumo Xin’er must have used an extremely loud voice to call for her brother.

Because of that, Fumo Xin’er’s brother, who had been immersed in reading, actually let out a scream of alarm.

“My dear sister, you’ve finally come.”

Upon discovering that it was his little sister that came, Fumo Xin’er’s brother was immediately wild with joy, and actually started leaping around like a child. He jumped to the edge of the death prison.

“Eh? Where’s grandma? Did grandma not come?”

However, his expression soon changed to one of seriousness.

Evidently, he knew that it was useless for Fumo Xin’er to come alone.

She was incapable of rescuing him.

“Grandma said that you brought this upon yourself, and that she would not save you.”

“However big brother, you don’t have to worry. I’ve found someone else to help you.”

“He is also a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist. He’ll be able to rescue you,” Fumo Xin’er pointed to Chu Feng standing beside her.

“Him?”

“Who’s he?”

Fumo Xin’er’s big brother gave Chu Feng a measuring glance.

Contempt and suspicion was clearly visible in his gaze.

“He’s that person I mentioned to you before, the person from inside the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast’s stomach,” said Fumo Xin’er.

“So he’s that dumbass?”

Upon learning of Chu Feng’s origin, the contempt in Fumo Xin’er’s brother’s eyes as he looked at Chu Feng grew even more intense.

“Buzz~~~”

Right at that moment, Chu Feng opened his palm, and a body of light floated out.

Then, that body of light landed on the death prison’s wall.

With that, the wall started to melt away. Soon an exit appeared in the wall.

Fumo Xin’er’s big brother immediately walked out of the exit.

To his surprise, he’d actually managed to walk out from the death prison so easily.

“Dang! As expected of someone who’d been devoured by an Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast. You are truly a genius among geniuses.”

“Brother, the way I see it,l your world spirit techniques are no weaker than my grandma’s.”

Fumo Xin’er’s big brother’s attitude took a one-eighty degree change right away. Even the gaze with which he looked at Chu Feng had changed enormously.

Earlier, his eyes had been filled with contempt. However, tiny stars had begun flickering in his eyes afterwards.

That sort of idolizing gaze was something Chu Feng had only seen in women’s eyes before.

Now that a man was looking at him in such a manner, he felt extremely uncomfortable.

“Brother, my name is Fumo Shaoyu. May I know how to address you?” Fumo Shaoyu said to Chu Feng with a clasped fist.

His current attitude was truly a heaven and earth difference from before.

“I am Chu Feng. It is my pleasure to meet brother Shaoyu,” Chu Feng returned the clasped fist.

“Likewise, likewise. Brother Chu Feng, these people have all suffered too.”

“Is it possible to rescue them too?”

Fumo Shaoyu pointed to the people being tortured by the spirit formation inside the death prison.

“Of course.”

“That said, brother Shaoyu, do you know where Little Fishy is imprisoned?” asked Chu Feng.

Ever since Chu Feng had entered the Netherworld Ice Hall, he had been carefully observing his surroundings with the intention of finding the whereabouts of Little Fishy.

However, there were simply too many layers of spirit formations in there. Those spirit formations seriously affected his perception ability.

As such, he had not managed to find Little Fishy’s whereabouts.

“Little Fishy?”

Fumo Shaoyu was evidently surprised when he heard Chu Feng asking about Little Fishy, and he looked at Fumo Xin’er inquiringly.

He was trying to get an answer from her.

“Big brother, Little Fishy could very possibly be someone Chu Feng knows.”

“That’s why he wants to save her,” said Fumo Xin’er.

“There’s actually such a thing?”

“But, that shouldn’t be the case. Little Fishy grew up in the Heaven-devouring Realm. Brother Chu Feng is someone from the outside. How could he know Little Fishy?”

Fumo Shaoyu still felt that it was very unlikely.

“Brother Shaoyu, do you know where Little Fishy is?” Chu Feng asked again.

“Whist I do know where she is...”

“Brother Chu Feng, it’s better that you give up. Little Fishy is imprisoned in the Netherworld Ice Hall’s main hall.”

“She is very possibly already dead now.”

“Even if she isn’t dead, you will still not be able to rescue her.”

“If you insist on going there, you will only be throwing away your life,” said Fumo Shaoyu whilst looking straight at Chu Feng.