Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4119 - Inside The Blaze Cliff Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chu Feng and the Fumo siblings were right above the blazing cliff.

Chapter 4119 - Inside The Blazing Cliff

Chu Feng and the Fumo siblings were right above the blazing cliff.

As they looked at the rising flames and the bottomless cliff, complicated expressions filled their faces.

They were nervous, emotional, excited and feeling expectant.

They all knew how dangerous that blazing cliff was.

But, they were all looking forward to it.

This was especially true for Fumo Shaoyu. The look of anticipation on his face was even more intense than Chu Feng’s.

To Chu Feng, leaving this place would mean returning to the world he belonged to originally.

However, to Fumo Shaoyu, leaving this place would mean that he would enter a wholly new world, the actual vast world of martial cultivators.

“Lil’ sis, you should return,” Fumo Shaoyu said to Fumo Xin’er.

“Big brother, I’ve changed my mind. I want to go outside with you,” said Fumo Xin’er.

“You’re planning to go outside with me?”

“But, didn’t you say that you’re planning to stay to look after grandma?” Fumo Shaoyu looked to Fumo Xin’er with surprise.

Before this, his little sister had insisted on staying, and had refused to go outside.

Even when Fumo Shaoyu had urged his sister to accompany him, Fumo Xin’er still insisted on staying.

That was also the reason why Fumo Shaoyu was more knowledgeable about how to leave this place compared to Fumo Xin’er.

After all, Fumo Shaoyu had been searching for a way to leave all on his own.

“I’ve thought about it. Grandma is very healthy still. There’s no need for me to look after her.”

“I think it’s better that I go out to check the outside world with you two. When grandma gets older, I will return to accompany her then.”

“Besides, if you are to run out, I will definitely be scolded by her.”

“If you fail to go out and instead get yourself eaten by an Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast, I will be scolded even more.”

“Since I’m going to be scolded either way, it’s better that I accompany you two instead,” said Fumo Xin’er.

“Pah! Stop trying to pull the wool over my eyes. The way I see it, you must have some sort of ulterior motive,” as Fumo Shaoyu spoke, he took a glance at Chu Feng.

Fumo Xin’er’s exceptionally beautiful face suddenly turned red. She lowered her head and said, “That’s not it. I just want to accompany you. Big brother, stop talking nonsense.”

Fumo Xin’er also took a glance at Chu Feng as she said those words.

That gaze of hers was very unclear.

This situation caused Chu Feng to feel somewhat awkward.

Fumo Xin’er couldn’t possibly have truly fallen for him, right?

But, Chu Feng had no feelings for her.

If Fumo Xin’er had truly fallen for him, it would definitely be an ill-fated relationship destined to bear no fruit.

‘No, I must prevent this sort of thing from happening.’

‘I must explicitly tell Fumo Xin’er that it’s impossible between us.’

When this thought came to Chu Feng’s mind, he tried to say something.

He wanted to let Fumo Xin’er that she should not develop feelings for him.

But, at that moment, Fumo Shaoyu actually waved his arm, grabbed Chu Feng’s shoulder and pulled him over.

Then, with a proud attitude, he said to Fumo Xin’er, “Lil’ sis, brother Chu Feng is mine. I’m planning to marry him. You should not let your imagination run wild.”

Hearing those words, Chu Feng’s face turned pale. He immediately jumped away from Fumo Shaoyu.

“Haha. Brother Chu Feng, I’m joking. Look how terrified you became.” Fumo Shaoyu burst into laughter.

Fumo Xin’er also started to snicker.

Fumo Shaoyu’s laughing manner really did make it seem like he was joking around.

However, when Chu Feng thought about how Fumo Shaoyu was reading that sort of thing, Chu Feng felt that he was abnormal, and involuntarily felt some sort of resistance toward him.

“Enough messing around. Let’s continue with our proper business,” said Fumo Xin’er.

Then, Chu Feng began to set up a spirit formation.

Entering the blazing cliff was a dangerous act in and of itself.

Thus, to guard against the unexpected, it was better that they be completely prepared.

As such, Chu Feng’s concealment formation would naturally be indispensable.

After the concealment formation was complete, the three of them entered the blazing cliff. They cautiously descended.

According to Fumo Shaoyu’s investigations, there were three procedures to leaving this world.

The first step was the location at the bottom of the blazing cliff. There they would find a special sort of flame fruit.

Actually, the first step and third step were pretty simple.

The hardest step was the second step.

For the second step required them to obtain a scale from an Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast.

Just imagine how dangerous it would be to try to retrieve a scale from an Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast?

Most importantly, the scale must be retrieved from an Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast inside the blazing cliff. If one were to retrieve a scale outside, it would be useless.

Fumo Shaoyu had his own understanding as to why such a thing was demanded.

He said that the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts in the cliff would have their full power. As such, their scales contained more power.

He believed that only this sort of scale would be able to breach the spirit formation and bring them out from that world.

As for the third step, it was rather simple.

They would first have to turn the scale into armor, and then wear the armor.

Then, they were to eat the flame fruit. With that, they could enter the Ancient Era’s teleportation formation, and would be able to leave that place.

Actually, Fumo Shaoyu had entered the blazing cliff multiple times whilst the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts were not present. As such, he was extremely familiar with it.

When they confirmed that the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts were not in the blazing cliff, they began to speed up their operations.

Under Fumo Shaoyu’s guidance, they soon found the so-called flame fruits.

It was a sort of fruit that possessed a striking resemblance to a tomato.

The so-called flame fruit did not burn with actual flames. It was just that the surface of the fruit had a flame-like pattern.

However, the instant Chu Feng saw the flame fruits, he realized why they needed to eat a flame fruit in order to leave the Heaven-devouring Realm.

Chu Feng discovered that the flame fruits possessed a boundless amount of spirit power. The spirit power had been gathered into a spirit formation.

Chu Feng suspected that the spirit formation would take form in one’s body after one swallowed a flame fruit.

However, the time should be very limited. Thus, as a safety measure, the three of them plucked all of the flame fruits that they saw.

As for the second step, the most crucial and dangerous step, they needed to hide themselves to secretly wait for the return of the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts from outside.

Then, while the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts were resting, they would remove the scale and escape.

Chu Feng set up a concealed teleportation formation at the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast’s dwelling.

With that teleportation formation, they would be able to teleport out immediately after obtaining the scale.

Of course, ordinary teleportation formations wouldn’t do. Those were too simple.

However, a teleportation formation so concealed and able to avoid the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts’ detection would be very time-consuming to set up.

Even for a world spiritist of Chu Feng’s caliber, a total of twenty hours were needed to complete the spirit formation.

Furthermore, Chu Feng used many rare materials on it.

After all the preparations were completed, Chu Feng and the Fumo siblings hid themselves far away, and quietly waited for the return of the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts.

The reason why they hid themselves far away and not right at the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts’ residence was because the Heaven-devouring Beasts were simply too strong.

Their strength had reached an inestimable level. Even Fumo Shaoyu and Fumo Xin’er, the two siblings that had used their Demon Vanquishing Talismans to suppress the Heaven-devouring Beasts many times in the past, were unable to determine exactly how powerful a Heaven-devouring Beast’s full strength was.

In a nutshell, according to their grandma, an Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast at full strength was an existence that they absolutely could not defeat.

That was also the reason why their grandma insisted that it would be impossible for them to leave the Heaven-devouring Realm.

Truth was, she just didn’t want them to challenge the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts inside the blazing cliff.

Because of that, Chu Feng and the siblings were afraid...

They feared that the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts could obliterate them with a simple wave of their wings.

To guard against the unexpected, it would naturally be more proper for them to hide a bit further away.