Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4121 - Space-time Vortex

After they left the blazing cliff, Chu Feng’s suspended heart was finally lifted.

After all, as long as they left the blazing cliff, it would mean that they would’ve returned to the Demon Vanquishing Clan’s territory.

With the restraint of the Demon Vanquishing Talisman, they no longer had to fear the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts.

Compared to Chu Feng, Fumo Xin’er was still terrified by what had happened earlier.

Even though they had already exited the cliff, fear still covered her face,

“Truly never would I have imagined that the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beasts that we regularly bully are actually so terrifying.”

“Thinking back to how my forefathers were actually able to contend against those terrifying monsters, what sort of cultivation did they possess?”

“It’s no wonder grandma always says that our Demon Vanquishing Clan has fallen.”

“The disparity between us and our forefathers is simply too great.” After her feeling of fear passed, Fumo Xin’er sighed.

Compared to her, Fumo Shaoyu was more concerned with whether or not they could smoothly leave the Heaven-Devouring Realm.

After all, they’d gathered everything they needed.

Whether or not they could succeed would all be determined now.

“Brother Chu Feng, with your world spirit techniques, it shouldn’t be difficult for you to create armor using these scales, right?” asked Fumo Shaoyu.

“It’s not difficult,” Chu Feng immediately began after answering. He used his world spirit techniques and turned their scales into armor.

As the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast was enormous, a single scale should be sufficient to create a set of armor.

However, they’d picked up four scales.

Neither Fumo Shaoyu or Fumo Xin’er wanted the remaining scale. Thus, it ended up in Chu Feng’s hands.

He cautiously placed the remaining scale into his Cosmos Sack. He had decided to store the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast’s scale.

Although he could not use it to train, it was a rare item. Even if he were to only keep it as a commemorative object, it would still be meaningful.

After everything was prepared, Chu Feng, Fumo Shaoyu and Fumo Xin’er all wrote a letter of farewell to the old granny.

Then, they set off on their journey... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At the beginning, everything went smoothly.

Through the Ancient Era’s teleportation formation, they soon left the Heaven-devouring Realm and began to proceed directly for the Immortal-bestowment Upper Realm.

However, as soon as they entered the teleportation formation, their armor manufactured with the Ancient Era’s Heaven-devouring Beast’s scales began to suffer wear and tear.

Furthermore, the spirit formation they gained after consuming a Flame Fruit was about to lose its effect too. They would need to consume a new Flame Fruit in order to maintain the spirit formation.

As the spirit formation could not be copied, they were unable to maintain the spirit formation in their bodies for long. Moreover, the number of Flame Fruits they had were limited.

As their armor became seriously worn and the spirit formation of the Flame Fruits gradually faded away, the tunnel that connected to the Ancient Era’s teleportation formation became very unstable.

It seemed like the teleportation tunnel would collapse at any moment.

“We’ve clearly left the Heaven-devouring Realm already. Why would things still be like this?”

Chu Feng had a deep frown on his face. He could not understand why things were occuring this way.

Shouldn’t it be that as long as they left the Heaven-devouring Realm, they would’ve escaped from the sealing formation, and things would’ve returned to normal?

However, the situation at hand clearly showed that things were not as simple as he had anticipated.

“Brother Chu Feng, is there something wrong?” asked Fumo Shaoyu.

“I don’t know. I don’t know why this is happening.”

“Since we’ve already left the Heaven-devouring Realm, we shouldn’t be under the restriction of the spirit formation sealing it.”

“But, from the way things appear, we haven’t been able to break free from that restriction.”

“If this is to continue, this spirit formation tunnel could very well collapse, and we will be drawn into a space-time vortex.”

“Entering a space-time vortex would be very dangerous,” said Chu Feng.

“Could it be because we’re still wearing the scale armor?”

“Could the armor be affecting us?” asked Fumo Shaoyu.

“That’s possible. However, I can’t be certain,” said Chu Feng.

“That’s simple. Since we’ve already left the Heaven-devouring Realm, these things are useless now. We’ll just take them off.”

Fumo Xin’er thought that the abnormality was caused by the armor they were wearing. Thus, as she spoke, she began to remove it.

“Stop!”

Seeing that, Chu Feng immediately shouted for her to stop.

Unfortunately, he was too late. Fumo Xin’er had removed her armor.

The instant Fumo Xin’er removed her armor, she was engulfed by a space-time vortex. Just like that, she disappeared before Chu Feng and Fumo Shaoyu.

“Brother Chu Feng, what are we to do?”

Seeing his own sister being sucked into a space-time vortex, Fumo Shaoyu immediately started panicking.

“Remove your armor. Otherwise, we won’t be able to find your little sister.”

As the three of them were together, Chu Feng knew that the only reason why Fumo Xin’er was sucked into a space-time vortex whereas both him and Fumo Shaoyu were fine was because she had removed her scale armor.

Even though they had left the Heaven-devouring Realm, the intangible spirit formation’s power was still affecting them.

As such, for the sake of finding Fumo Xin’er, Chu Feng removed his own armor as he told Fumo Shaoyu to remove his.

Immediately afterward, Fumo Shaoyu also removed his armor.

Sure enough, once they removed their armor, Chu Feng and Fumo Shaoyu were also sucked into a space-time vortex.

When the surroundings returned to normal, Chu Feng found himself outside of the spirit formation tunnel, and inside a vast mountain.

Even though he had no idea where this place was, he felt that this was most definitely not the Immortal-bestowment Upper Realm.

The reason for that was because they had left the spirit formation tunnel on their way to the Immortal-bestowment Upper Realm.

The fracture of a spirit formation tunnel mid teleportation and entering a space-time vortex was a very dangerous thing.

They were already enormously fortunate to be safe.

As such, Chu Feng did not have extravagant hopes that he had reached the Immortal-bestowment Upper Realm.

“Brother Chu Feng, brother Chu Feng!”

Shouts sounded from afar. That was Fumo Shaoyu’s voice.

Looking over, Chu Feng soon saw Fumo Shaoyu.

“Brother Chu Feng, my sister... she doesn’t seem to be here,” Fumo Shaoyu said to Chu Feng.

“Spirit formation tunnels pass through the vast starry sky with extreme speed.”

“Even though your sister was sucked into a space-time vortex right before us, she must’ve landed at a very great distance from us.”

“But, at the very least, we should be in the same world. Let us think of a way to find her. We should be able to find her,” said Chu Feng.

“But, I have a tracking talisman for my sister.”

“If we’re in the same world, the tracking talisman should be reacting.”

“But, my tracking talisman is not reacting.”

As Fumo Shaoyu spoke, he took out an amulet-like object.

That object not only had Fumo Xin’er’s aura, but it also had many powerful runes and symbols.

Just from a single glance, Chu Feng knew that it was a very powerful tracking talisman.

Such a powerful tracking talisman should be able to detect Fumo Xin’er’s location.

But, that tracking talisman was not reacting at all.