Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4125 - Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm

“There are many Heavenly Clans with the same name.”

“As such, I do not know exactly what this Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan is.”

“However, the strength of that old man from earlier cannot be underestimated. I suspect this Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan is quite remarkable too.”

“As such, we should consider this matter at length,” said Chu Feng.

Chu Feng was never one to be afraid of getting himself in trouble.

He would never fear his opponents just because they were powerful.

However, Chu Feng was an intelligent person. He knew that he should exercise forbearance when he did not have sufficient strength, Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Because of that, he said those things to console Fumo Shaoyu. He did not wish for him to provoke unnecessary troubles.

“Regardless of who he is, he stole our possession. I’ll make him pay for it,” said Fumo Shaoyu.

“Let us look into this matter in the future.”

“Right now, we should find your younger sister first,” said Chu Feng.

Even though Fumo Shaoyu was extremely angry, that old man had already left.

Besides, even if they were to chase after him, what could they possibly accomplish? Both Chu Feng and Fumo Shaoyu were no match for that old man.

If they were a match, they wouldn’t have looked on helplessly as the old man left.

As such, even though they felt helpless they had no choice but to find Fumo Xin’er first.

Following the tracking talisman, they soon located her coordinates.

However, whilst they were tracking her, they encountered one thing.

They saw a city. A vast amount of that city had been destroyed.

A fierce battle had evidently occurred there.

However, that was not what was important. What was important was that Fumo Xin’er’s aura was present in that city, but she herself was nowhere to be seen.

Furthermore, judging from the scene of destruction, Fumo Shaoyu could confirm that his younger sister had fought there.

This meant that the destruction had been caused by a battle involving Fumo Xin’er.

Evidently, the battle had attracted many people, as the people inside and outside the city were all spiritedly discussing the battle, “That young lady is truly remarkable. If she’s truly a person of the younger generation, she would be a rare genius.”

“A genius like that most definitely has an extraordinary origin. That Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan might’ve courted trouble for themselves.”

“The heck do you know? Don’t you know what the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan is?”

“Even if that young lady has an extraordinary origin, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan might not necessarily be afraid of her.”

Even without Chu Feng and Fumo Shaoyu making inquiries as to what had happened, the people outside the city revealed information about what had happened on their own.

It was evident that the young lady they spoke of was Fumo Xin’er.

Fumo Xin’er’s disappearance was very possibly related to the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan.

“It’s that Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan again. They’re truly courting death.”

Hearing those people’s discussions, Fumo Shaoyu gnashed his teeth furiously.

“Brother Shaoyu, don’t be anxious just yet. Let us find out exactly what happened,” as Chu Feng spoke, he descended from the sky and began to scout information from the crowd present.

Upon doing so, he learned that the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan was truly one with an enormous origin.

The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan had no relationship with the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan.

The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan was extremely powerful.

They were the overlord of the Holy Light Galaxy’s Zuoqiu Starfield.

As for the Zuoqiu Starfield, they were not only a Middle Starfield, but were also ranked among the best of the Middle Starfields.

Because of that, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan was filled with experts. Reportedly, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan was overseen by many peak Utmost Exalted-level experts.

What were peak Utmost Exalted-level existences?

They were experts only a step away from becoming Martial Exalteds.

That said, they were not in the Zuoqiu Starfield.

This place was the Heaven-devouring Starfield’s Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm.

As such, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan were, like Chu Feng, outsiders.

There was a reason as to why the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan had come to the Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm.

This purpose had to do with the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s internal circumstances.

As one of the best among the Middle Starfields, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan was filled with geniuses.

Any random not-so-strong person from their younger generations would be stronger than the majority of the Ancestral Martial Starfield’s geniuses.

This was the difference between a powerful clan and weak clans.

It was like how the richest person in a village might not even be as wealthy as an ordinary individual in a metropolis.

This was the sign of disparity.

Even for geniuses, they differed in strength.

In the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan, two demon-level geniuses were most renowned.

One was named Zuoqiu Daoyi, and the other was named Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

The two of them were both people of the younger generation. Zuoqiu Daoyi was slightly older. Reportedly, he was in his nineties, and would soon break away from the younger generation.

Zuoqiu Tiancheng was much younger than Zuoqiu Daoyi.

Whilst Zuoqiu Daoyi’s cultivation was stronger, Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s talent was stronger.

Reportedly, Zuoqiu Tiancheng, like Chu Feng, had trained in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.

The reason why the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan had mustered such a large force to the Heaven-devouring Starfield’s Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm was because of Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

The reason why Zuoqiu Tiancheng was deemed a demon-level genius in the genius-filled Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan was because he had become a rank two Utmost Exalted many years before.

Logically, with Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s talent, he should’ve become a rank three Utmost Exalted already.

The reason why he had not been able to make a breakthrough was because he had encountered a barrier.

Furthermore it was no ordinary barrier.

This caused the people from the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan to panic.

Inside the Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm was an Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

Reportedly, that Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation came from the Ancient Era. But, even though it had originated from the Ancient Era, there was a legend regarding it.

It was said that the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation had been constructed by Heavenly Bloodline possessors in the Ancient Era.

It was a great place for Heavenly Bloodline possessors to enter closed-door training.

After the Ancient Era, there were also many Heavenly Bloodline possessors that managed to successfully reach a breakthrough in the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

That Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation was precisely the purpose for the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s arrival in the Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm.

They wanted to activate the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation so that Zuoqiu Tiancheng could breach the barrier and become a rank three Utmost Exalted in one stroke.

That said, while Zuoqiu Tiancheng was someone with outstanding talent, he was also a licentious fellow.

Besides training, his greatest hobby was women.

Because of that, when he was not training, he would always stroll around to seek out beautiful women.

Furthermore, he was not the type to mess around either.

He would marry all the women that stroked his fancy.

Even though Zuoqiu Tiancheng was not even a hundred years old, even though he was most definitely a person of the younger generation in the martial cultivation world, his harem of wives and concubines numbered over ten thousand.

That Zuoqiu Tiancheng married a lot of women every year.

Furthermore, he would always conduct grand wedding ceremonies.

At times, he would marry multiple wives and concubines in a single wedding ceremony.

One could imagine how demented of a pervert that Zuoqiu Tiancheng was.

After arriving at the Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm, Zuoqui Tiancheng naturally did not idle around.

He’d visited the city because he had heard that there was a rather reputed beauty in the city.

Originally, Zuoqiu Tiancheng had settled upon that woman.

However, right when Zuoqiu Tiancheng was planning to leave, Fumo Xin’er had appeared all of a sudden.