Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4132 - Countering A Check With Another Check

“Oh? May I know what brother Shaoyu means by that?” Chu Feng realized that Fumo Shaoyu had some sort of hidden implication in his words.

“Don’t forget that we siblings belong to the Demon Vanquishing Clan.”

“Even though our strength is lacking, so much so that we’re a disgrace to our forefathers, we have a lot of treasures that have been left behind by our ancestors.”

“Take these for example,” as Fumo Shaoyu spoke, he took out three talisman papers.

Chu Feng’s eyes immediately shone the moment he saw the talisman papers.

Those three talisman papers had been created by a world spiritist with strength far superior to Dragon Mark Saint-cloak.

If Chu Feng guessed correctly, they could very well be the work of a God-cloak World Spiritist.

As a world spiritist, Chu Feng was able to determine the usage of those talisman papers.

They were a sort of fixed-location teleportation talisman.

Using that teleportation talisman, one could undergo teleportation at any time. Although the distance they would be teleported wouldn’t be very far, it should be sufficient to be used for escaping.

That said, Chu Feng was actually able to create teleportation talismans similar to those.

The main difference was that the teleportation talismans Chu Feng created would not be able to escape from the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

In simpler terms, if Chu Feng were to encounter world spiritists or cultivators with strength surpassing his own, they would be able to seal off the power of his teleportation talismans.

The reason why those three teleportation talismans were so amazing was because they themselves were very powerful.

Chu Feng felt that unless one were a Martial Exalted expert, no one would be able to block teleportation talismans of that caliber.

That said, even though Fumo Shaoyu’s teleportation talismans were powerful, they also had restrictions.

It was impossible to use those three teleportation talismans immediately.

If they wanted to use them, they’d have to prepare them ahead of time.

However, preparing them would not be difficult for Chu Feng.

“Grandma is simply too biased. Why did she give you teleportation talismans but not me?” Fumo Xin’er spoke angrily upon seeing those teleportation talismans.

“Even if you had them, it’d be useless. Neither of us are able to activate these teleportation talismans.”

“One must be at least a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist in order to activate them.”

“Furthermore, even if a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist wants to activate them, they’d still have to spend some time preparing.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“As such, brother Chu Feng, if we are to use these teleportation talismans, we’ll have to rely on you,” Fumo Shaoyu handed all three teleportation talismans to Chu Feng.

“This is a trivial matter. You can be at complete ease,” Chu Feng accepted the teleportation talismans.

After accepting them, the deep worry in Chu Feng’s heart disappeared.

At that moment, he became especially excited.

Even though he would have to spend the night using a spirit formation to activate the teleportation talismans and setting up a spirit formation to breach the spirit formation that would be present on the armor...

Even though he would most definitely be exhausting a lot of energy...

Chu Feng was still filled with anticipation.

The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan had considered Chu Feng and the Fumo siblings to be fish on their chopping block.

Never would they have imagined that the three of them would be able to prepare a way out of the situation.

Furthermore, they would most likely be able to escape unscathed.

Thinking about that, Chu Feng began feeling excited at the thought of seeing the expressions on the faces of the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen.

They were going to counter their checkmate with a checkmate of their own.

[1. Check as in chess.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Check_(chess)

]

......

The next day.

Chu Feng had successfully activated the three teleportation talismans.

He had also concealed a deciphering formation within his body.

His preparations were extremely well-hidden. Unless there was a world spiritist stronger than him present, no one would be able to see through the formation that he had concealed on his body.

After making all his preparations, Chu Feng handed two teleportation talismans to the Fumo siblings.

There was no need to doubt how powerful those talismans were.

However, their restrictions were extremely troublesome.

Even though Chu Feng had managed to successfully activate them using his world spirit techniques, there was a time limit to the activation period.

If they did not use the teleportation talismans within the time limit, Chu Feng’s spirit formation would lose its effectiveness.

Because of that, Fumo Xin’er and Fumo Shaoyu had to quickly use the teleportation talismans to escape.

Since the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen might attack the Fumo siblings at any moment once Chu Feng entered the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation, it would be best for them to leave immediately.

Only after personally witnessing Fumo Shaoyu and Fumo Xin’er disappearing before his eyes using the teleportation talismans’ power did Chu Feng feel relieved, and walk out of the palace.

As long as Fumo Shaoyu and Fumo Xin’er managed to escape safely, there was nothing for him to worry about.

Even if the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan discovered that the Fumo siblings had escaped, Chu Feng still wouldn’t be afraid.

After all, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan still needed to make use of him. As such, they would not injure him.

......

The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan had made all the necessary preparations.

All of the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation’s obelisks were shining with bright light.

The seemingly ordinary pile of stones had become incomparably divine.

Seeing the activated Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation, Chu Feng became even more excited.

He was so excited that his excitement could even be seen on his face.

Everyone could tell how much he was looking forward to the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

Suddenly, a mocking voice was heard, “Aiyo, you’re in quite a cheerful mood.”

“Let me tell you this. This Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation’s Lightning Tribulation is far stronger than ordinary Lightning Tribulations.”

“You’d best be careful. Don’t blame our Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan if your strength is lacking and you end up being struck to death by the tribulation lightning.”

It was Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

He was looking at Chu Feng with a gaze filled with ridicule.

Likely, he must’ve learnt that Chu Feng would be the Lightning Guide to take on the Lightning Tribulation in his stead.

Entering the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation, Chu Feng would be nothing more than a stepping stone for him.

However, Chu Feng did not bother paying any attention to Zuoqiu Tiancheng. Instead, his gaze landed on his body.

Zuoqiu Tiancheng wore a special set of armor.

That armor had been specially created and had a time limit on it.

Although it was limited, a great amount of natural treasures must have been used to create the armor.

“Tiancheng, watch your words!”

Suddenly, a scolding shout sounded.

The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief had walked over.

He was holding a suit of armor identical to the one that Zuoqiu Tiancheng was wearing.

Without even needing to ask, Chu Feng knew that the armor had been prepared for him.

At that moment, Chu Feng couldn’t help but feel admiration for Fumo Shaoyu.

Even though Fumo Shaoyu had been stuck in the Heaven-devouring Realm the entire time, he knew many more things than Chu Feng as his Demon Vanquishing Clan was one with a long history.

Even his understanding of Heavenly Bloodlines far surpassed Chu Feng’s.

Take this Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation for example. Everything Fumo Shaoyu had said had been proven to be true.

“Young friend Chu Feng, although Tiancheng’s words might be unpleasant to hear, there is truth to them.”

“The Lightning Tribulation in the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation is extremely powerful. Wear this armor, it will be of aid to you.” The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief brought the armor over to Chu Feng.

“I’m quite confident in myself. Do I have to wear this armor?” asked Chu Feng.

“Young friend Chu Feng, I am doing this for your own good. You couldn’t possibly be thinking that I’m trying to harm you, right?” the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said with a smile.

“This junior would naturally not think that way. It’s just that I am quite confident in myself, and feel that I do not need to wear this armor,” said Chu Feng.

However, right after Chu Feng’s words left his mouth, an oppressive might enveloped him.

It was the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s oppressive might.

It was the oppressive might of a peak Utmost Exalted.

After being enveloped by the oppressive might, Chu Feng immediately found himself unable to move.

Taking that opportunity, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief put the armor on Chu Feng.

Not only that, but he also sealed the armor using his power.

With that, unless the armor was destroyed on its own, Chu Feng would not be able to remove it.

After forcibly placing the armor on Chu Feng, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief removed his oppressive might.

“Young friend Chu Feng, don’t blame me for this. I am doing this for your sake,” said the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Chu Feng didn’t say anything.

He had long realized that he would not be able to avoid wearing the armor.

The reason why he’d said those things earlier was merely to test things out.

The end result was as he had expected; the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan was determined to make use of him.