Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4133 - The Arrival Of The Divine Lightning Affliction

“It’s nearly time. You two should enter now,” said the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief also had a look of expectation.

Chu Feng and Zuoqiu Tiancheng entered the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

After witnessing Chu Feng entering the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation together with Zuoqiu Tiancheng, the look of expectation in the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s eyes grew even stronger.

Soon, he waved his sleeve.

With that, the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation was thoroughly activated.

“Lord Clan Chief, this is bad!”

However, right at that moment, several elders from the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan ran over nervously.

Panic and worry filled their faces. It was like they were afraid of something.

“What’s the matter?” asked the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

“Lord Clan Chief, those two brats that were with Chu Feng have disappeared,” reported the elders.

“What? Disappeared?”

“Didn’t I have you all watch over them? How did they disappear?”

Hearing those words, Zuoqiu Hanxun, who stood beside the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, immediately started panicking.

“Lord Supreme Elder, we, we don’t know. We have no idea how they disappeared.”

“We’ve been watching over them the entire time. We never saw them leave the palace.”

“If we must describe it, it’s like they’ve disappeared into thin air,” replied the elders. They also felt extremely gloomy.

Because they were afraid of Chu Feng and the Fumo siblings escaping, they’d been keeping a very close watch on them.

“It’s fine. The two of them don’t matter.”

“What matters is that this Chu Feng is here,” said the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Compared to Zuoqiu Hanxun, he was rather calm.

In fact, he did not even bother to look at those reporting elders. His eyes were fixed on the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

“But Lord Clan Chief, if those two brats escape, they will most definitely spout rubbish,” said Zuoqiu Hanxun.

“Hahaha...”

Hearing those words, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief burst into laughter.

“Have we ever lacked people speaking ill of our Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan?”

“Why bother with two people of the younger generation?” said the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, he soon looked to Zuoqiu Hanxun. He asked, “Oh, that’s right. Did you place the treasure capable of sealing world spirit techniques that I had you prepare in the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation?”

“Lord Clan Chief, please be at ease. I’ve properly prepared it.”

“As long as he enters the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation, that Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques will be rendered useless.”

“Even if he discovers that something is amiss, he will not be able to escape, or use his world spirit techniques to attack young master Tiancheng,” said Zuoqiu Hanxun.

After the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation was completely activated it would form a protective formation.

The people outside would not be able to enter.

The Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief was afraid that Chu Feng would realize that he had been deceived after receiving the attacks from the lightning and use his world spirit techniques to attack Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

Because of that, he had Zuoqiu Hanxun place a treasure capable of restricting world spirit techniques inside the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

The reason for that was because he had learned that even though Chu Feng’s world spirit techniques were exceptional, his cultivation was only that of a rank eight Exalted.

As such, as long as they restricted his world spirit techniques he would not be a match for Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

Even if the two of them were trapped in the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation together, he wouldn’t have to worry about anything.

Chu Feng would truly become a fish on the chopping block.

He would become Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s stepping stone to face the Divine Lightning Affliction.

“Since all the preparations are complete, don’t bother with thinking about those two brats anymore. Let us instead appreciate what will happen next.”

“After all, that’s the legendary Divine Lightning Affliction.”

“It is not something that can be witnessed often,” said the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.

Inside the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation was a place specially prepared for training.

The area was not very large. As such, Chu Feng and Zuoqiu Tiancheng both sat cross-legged at a very close distance to each other.

However, neither Chu Feng nor Zuoqiu Tiancheng bothered to pay any attention to one another.

They immediately sat down cross-legged, closed their eyes and began to observe their surroundings attentively.

They were able to sense how powerful the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation was.

Chu Feng’s sensation was even more intense.

In the past, the gate that had blocked him from reaching a breakthrough had been practically impenetrable.

However, as the power of the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation continued to pour into his body Chu Feng discovered that the gate had begun to waver.

Within a short span of time he had managed to comprehend the method to breach the gate.

This brought Chu Feng great excitement.

He realized that if he was able to successfully reach a breakthrough, he would most definitely not simply reach rank nine Exalted.

It was very possible that he’d become an Utmost Exalted in one go.

Even if he only became a rank one Utmost Exalted, it was enough to bring great excitement to Chu Feng.

Even though his world spirit techniques were comparable to that of a rank four Utmost Exalted, it remained that Chu Feng was a martial cultivator and valued his cultivation more.

If his cultivation could reach the Utmost Exalted realm then Chu Feng would be even more happy.

“Rumble~~~”

Suddenly thunder exploded in the sky.

Looking up, everyone from the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan gasped in admiration.

It was not only the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen. Practically everyone in the Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm were startled by the sight in the sky.

Lightning was interweaving in the skies above.

That was no ordinary lightning. The nine-colored Divine Lightning had broken free from the appearance of lightning, and had turned into nine enormous lightning beasts that roared in the sky.

The nine-colored Divine Lightning was extremely mighty. Even space itself was being torn apart by them.

Apart from the nine enormous lightning beasts, there was nothing else in the sky.

It was as if the entire sky was governed by those nine enormous lightning beasts.

The world of an Upper Realm was extremely vast. It was far larger than Ordinary Realms and Lower Realms.

Even if an abnormal sign were to appear in an Upper Realm, it would only cover the skies of a single region.

Yet, at that moment, the lightning in the sky had covered the entire Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm.

Because of that, everyone in the Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm could see the lightning, hear the thunder, and feel their devastating might.

“Heavens! What monsters are those?!”

“Could this be the arrival of doomsday?!”

Seeing and feeling the might in the sky, many confused people turned pale with fright.

It wasn’t that they’d never witnessed an abnormal sign before. It was simply that they’d never witnessed an abnormal sign as powerful as the one before them.

Because of that, they felt that it might not be an abnormal sign, but rather some sort of catastrophe.

Whilst the majority of the crowd in the Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm were terrified, the people from the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan were endlessly excited.

“So that’s the legendary Divine Lightning Affliction.”

“Who would’ve imagined that it’d come this quickly?”

“Tiancheng has truly not disappointed me,” the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief said excitedly.

“Lord Clan Chief, the lightning is too terrifying.”

“I’ve never seen such a terrifying abnormal sign before.”

“If the lightning is to strike, would young master Tiancheng really be able to survive it?”

Whilst he was excited, Zuoqiu Hanxun was also very worried.

He was actually not the only one.

As they were all Heavenly Bloodline possessors, they would always trigger abnormal signs and suffer Lightning Tribulations with every breakthrough they made.

As such, they were extremely accustomed to Lightning Tribulations.

However, they still panicked.

It wasn’t that they were cowardly. It was simply that the Lightning Affliction that covered the sky was something they’d never witnessed before. It was substantially different from all the Lightning Tribulations they’d faced before.

The lightning in the sky had taken the form of nine enormous lightning beasts.

It was as if the nine enormous lightning beasts had covered the entire world, and possessed power capable of bringing ruin to the entire world.

Just thinking about their power striking Zuoqiu Tiancheng was enough to make Zuoqiu Hanxun and many others extremely worried.

“Rest assured. Didn’t we prepare the Lightning Guide?”

“The more talented the Lightning Guide is, the stronger the lightning they’ll be able to withstand.”

“Although I’m unwilling to admit it, that Chu Feng’s talent is indeed superior to Tiancheng’s.”

“With someone as talented as him as the Lightning Guide, Tiancheng should be fine.”

Compared to the others, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief wasn’t too worried.

The reason for that came down to his confidence.

He not only had high hopes for Zuoqiu Tiancheng, he was also confident in him.

“Rumble~~~”

Suddenly, the terrifying nine-colored Divine Lightning stuck down all at once.

However, the lightning did not cover the entire Heavenly Lightning Upper Realm.

Instead, they were all aimed at one location -- the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

“It’s here. It’s finally here.”

“The legendary Divine Lightning Affliction.”

“Tiancheng, you must withstand it.”

As he watched the nine-colored Divine Lightning striking down from above at the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation, the excitement in the eyes of the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief reached its peak.

This was the moment that he had spent enormous financial resources and had prepared countless treasures for.