Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4135 - Absolute Suppression

Finally, the lightning began to dissipate.

Soon, Zuoqiu Tiancheng began to appear before the crowd.

Upon closer inspection, the crowd noticed that the armor Zuoqiu Tiancheng wore had practically shattered.

Furthermore, signs of being struck by lightning were present all over him.

He was also injured.

Yet, his overall condition appeared to be fine.

Even though he was injured, the injuries did not reach deep into his core. Whilst appalling in sight, the injuries were light in their severity.

“Woooahhh~~~””

“Success! Young Master Tiancheng succeeded!”

“Young Master Tiancheng managed to successfully withstand the legendary Divine Lightning Affliction!”

Suddenly, jubilant shouts exploded from the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen. They were all overjoyed.

They’d all managed to confirm that their young master Tiancheng had successfully broken through.

“Wait, something’s amiss...”

The cheering noises soon came to a sudden stop.

As more lightning continued to dissipate, another figure appeared.

That person was Chu Feng.

Chu Feng’s armor had shattered completely.

The extent of the destruction to his armor was much more thorough than Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s armor.

Moreover, his body was also covered in wounds that had been caused by the lightning.

However, the injuries on Chu Feng’s body were clearly lighter than Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s injuries.

This greatly surprised the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen.

As Chu Feng had been the Lightning Guide he should’ve died.

Furthermore, from the condition of his armor it showed that he should’ve received even fiercer lightning strikes than Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

Thus, why would his injuries be lighter?

Furthermore, it was not only slightly lighter, but much lighter than Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s injuries.

“Lord Clan Chief, young master Tiancheng’s aura doesn’t seem to have changed,” Zuoqiu Hanxun said all of a sudden.

Once he heard those words, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief’s expression turned extremely ugly.

Zuoqiu Hanxun was correct. Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s aura was still the same.

He was still a rank two Utmost Exalted.

However, two lightning tribulations had clearly struck the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

This should’ve meant that Zuoqiu Tiancheng had received two successive breakthroughs.

Unless...

Suddenly, everyone reacted to what had happened. They all turned their eyes to Chu Feng.

Chu Feng had originally been concealing his cultivation.

However, after he sensed the crowd’s gazes he revealed a long-awaited smile.

“Bang~~~”

Suddenly, Chu Feng’s clothes began to flutter.

In the next instant, his aura surged violently from his body like a ferocious beast.

In the blink of an eye, Chu Feng’s aura rushed out from the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation and covered the entire region.

All the people present were able to sense his aura.

The current Chu Feng was no longer a rank eight Exalted.

He had become an Utmost Exalted-level expert.

Even though his cultivation was only that of a rank one Utmost Exalted, it was sufficient to cause the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen to vomit blood in anger.

It turned out that it was not Zuoqiu Tiancheng who had made two successive breakthroughs. Instead, it was Chu Feng.

“It’s actually not Zuoqiu Tiancheng?”

“It’s that guy that was meant to be the Lightning Guide?”

“Seems like an even more amusing show is about to start.”

“Good, good. This show is simply getting too good.”

Above the clouds, the girl from the Dragon Clan became exceptionally excited and even started cheering.

Seeing the unexpected change, even the old man who stood behind her revealed a look of expectation.

He had felt that being able to witness the legendary Divine Lightning Affliction had been a great show.

However, the current situation was much more exciting than he had imagined.

“Chu Feng, you...!”

“You...!”

Zuoqiu Tiancheng had turned red with anger.

He pointed at Chu Feng with a trembling hand. However, he was unable to say anything.

He was simply unable to accept everything before his eyes.

Chu Feng smiled. Then, he said, “My apologies. That Divine Lightning Affliction was not triggered by you. Instead, it was triggered by me.”

“Actually, it’s simply impossible for you to trigger a Divine Lightning Affliction. Even if you are able to successfully make a breakthrough, you’ll only be able to trigger ordinary Tribulation Lightning.”

“After all, the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique that you’ve trained in is incomplete. As such, how could you possibly encounter the legendary Divine Lightning Affliction?”

Chu Feng did not mask his ridicule towards Zuoqiu Tiancheng in the slightest.

After all, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan had wanted to use his life as Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s stepping stone.

There was no reason for him to show mercy towards such a clan.

“Bullshit! You stole the breakthrough opportunity that should’ve belonged to me! Yet you dare say that my Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique is incomplete?!”

“You despicable bastard! I’ll kill you!”

Zuoqiu Tiancheng grew mad with rage, and sent forth an explosive punch at Chu Feng.

His punch contained extremely strong martial power.

That martial power was filled with killing intent.

Zuoqiu Tiancheng was unable to tolerate what Chu Feng had done.

Thus, he was not holding back in the slightest. He fully intended to kill Chu Feng with that one punch.

“Buzz~~~”

However, his overwhelming martial power disappeared before Chu Feng.

This scene shocked everyone, especially the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief, Zuoqiu Tiancheng, Zuoqiu Daoyi and Zuoqiu Hanxun.

As the upper echelons of the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan, they all knew that Zuoqiu Hanxun had placed a treasure capable of restricting world spirit techniques inside the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation.

Logically, Chu Feng shouldn’t be able to use his world spirit techniques, and thus shouldn’t be able to block Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s punch.

“This... this is impossible!”

Soon, the crowd realized what had happened.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng’s cultivation had changed.

Chu Feng’s cultivation was no longer that of a rank one Utmost Exalted, but rather a rank two Utmost Exalted.

The reason for Chu Feng’s change in cultivation was due to the mark that had appeared on his forehead.

It was precisely what appeared on his forehead that shocked the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen so much that they were unwilling to accept it.

A Lightning Mark had appeared on Chu Feng’s forehead.

The dazzling ‘Divine’ character baffled all of the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen.

No matter what, they would’ve never imagined that Chu Feng had also trained in the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique.

Most importantly, practically all the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen could tell that the Lightning Mark on Chu Feng’s forehead was much more dazzling than Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s Lightning Mark.

The oppression they felt in their bloodlines that they were under Chu Feng’s Lightning Mark suppression was also substantially more powerful.

They were clearly both Divine-level Lightning Marks. Why would there be such an enormous distinction?

Could it be that Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique was really incomplete? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“This... this is impossible, impossible!”

Compared to the others, Zuoqiu Tiancheng was even more incapable of accepting it.

He was completely stunned.

“You must’ve discovered it too.”

“There’s an enormous distinction between your Lightning Mark and mine.”

“The distinction serves as the best proof as to the fact that you’ve not trained your Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique wholly,” Chu Feng said to Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

“Bullshit!”

“You despicable bastard! I’ll have you die!”

As Zuoqiu Tiancheng spoke, his body shifted and shot straight for Chu Feng.

Furthermore, an additional item had appeared in his hand. It was a silver sword.

That was not an ordinary sword. Instead, it was an Incomplete Exalted Armament.

Holding that sword in hand, Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s battle power increased significantly.

The silver sword began sending out ripples.

That was not an ordinary attack. It was an Immortal Technique specifically meant for swords.

However, facing such an attack, Chu Feng’s body merely shifted to the side as he easily dodged it. Then, he flicked his fingers explosively, like two dragons rushing out from the ocean.

“Buzz~~~”

Using only his two fingers, Chu Feng actually managed to lock Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s Incomplete Exalted Armament infused with his Immortal Technique in place.

“You dared to use me as the Lightning Guide?”

“Tried to use my life to aid you in making a breakthrough?”

“Yet you actually have the nerve to call me despicable?”

After saying those words, Chu Feng twisted his fingers and Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s Incomplete Exalted Armament trembled violently.

Then, Chu Feng waved his arm.

With that, Zuoqiu Tiancheng, together with his Incomplete Exalted Armament, were flung away in a crushing defeat.

Not only was he thrown into the air, but his Incomplete Exalted Armament had also flown out of his hand.

Even though Zuoqiu Tiancheng had ultimately managed to stabilize himself and landed on the ground in a steady unembarrassing manner, those with discerning eyes all noticed that the palm that he had held his Incomplete Exalted Armament with had been bloodied.

This scene deeply shocked all the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen.

One must know that Zuoqiu Tiancheng was their Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s greatest talent.

Whether it be his battle power or his battle experience, Zuoqiu Tiancheng had fully revealed his genius-level caliber without restraint.

Under the same cultivation, simply no one was able to contend against him.

Yet, their absolute genius had been absolutely suppressed!

Even though they were outside the Ancient Heavenly Lightning Formation, the suppression from Chu Feng was still enough to nearly suffocate them.

How could there be such a terrifying person of the younger generation in the world?

How could their young master Tiancheng be suppressed to such a degree?!