Chapter 4136 - Stunning Everyone

Even though they were thoroughly shocked by Chu Feng, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen were not worried about Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

The reason for that was because they knew that Zuoqiu Tiancheng had also unlocked the restrictions of their bloodline at the Utmost Exalted realm.

So what if Chu Feng’s talent and battle power surpassed Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s?

At the very least, he would still not be a match at that moment.

The reason for that was because Chu Feng’s original cultivation was weaker than Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s.

When this thought crossed their minds, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen suddenly felt at ease.

So what if Chu Feng had exceptional talent? In the end, he’d still die there.

In the end, he’d still be killed by their young master Tiancheng.

Suddenly, Chu Feng mocked Zuoqiu Tiancheng, “What’s wrong? Are you afraid to release your Lightning Mark?”

“You must be afraid that people will see the disparity between our Lightning Marks and end up wounding your ego, right?”

Once Chu Feng said those words, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen were all stunned.

‘What’s going on?’

‘This guy knows that our young master Tiancheng is also capable of releasing the power of his Lightning Mark?’

‘If he knows, why isn’t he afraid? Why is he instead provoking young master Tiancheng?’

‘Could it be that he has a deathwish?’

Actually, what Chu Feng had said was correct.

That was indeed the reason why Zuoqiu Tiancheng was unwilling to release his Lightning Mark.

However, as matters stood he was being suppressed by Chu Feng. As such, even though he was unwilling he had no choice but to release his Lightning Mark.

“Afraid? I merely didn’t want you to die too ugly of a death.”

“Zzzzz~~~”

Lightning flickered as a ‘Divine’ character appeared on Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s forehead.

Upon releasing his Divine-level Lightning Mark, Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s cultivation immediately increased.

From rank two Utmost Exalted, it increased to rank three Utmost Exalted.

Although Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s cultivation had increased, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen had no choice but to accept the fact that there was an enormous distinction between the ‘Divine’ character on Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s forehead and the one on Chu Feng’s forehead.

The distinction was not only in terms of their intensity.

Heavenly Bloodline possessors suffered from oppression depending on the Self-punishing Mysterious Techniques they trained in.

Even if their cultivations surpassed the person with the stronger Self-punishing Mysterious Technique, they’d still experience that oppression.

The oppression brought forth by Chu Feng was much stronger than the one brought forth by Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

Indeed, Chu Feng’s Lightning Mark was far stronger than Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s.

At that moment, they couldn’t help but wonder...

‘Could it be that the Divine Punishment Mysterious Technique our young master Tiancheng trained in is really incomplete?’

“Prepare to die!” Zuoqiu Tiancheng attacked.

His attack this time around was a rank nine Immortal Technique.

The rank nine Immortal Technique turned into countless sharp swords that were densely packed together as they shot straight towards Chu Feng.

However, Chu Feng did not attempt to dodge the attack at all.

Because of that, the sharp swords all hit him.

Stuck by the sword, an overwhelming amount of energy ripples surged forth.

“Zzzzz~~~”

However, lightning soon flashed in the energy ripples.

Then, the energy ripples started scattering.

Upon seeing what emerged, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen simply did not dare believe their eyes.

Chu Feng was completely unscathed. He had managed to take Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s attack head-on.

The reason why Chu Feng had been able to face Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s rank nine Immortal Technique was because his cultivation had increased. Chu Feng was no longer a rank two Utmost Exalted, but a rank three Utmost Exalted.

What had increased his cultivation was the change to his body.

Surging lightning had gathered on his body and had formed armor that covered him.

That was the Lightning Armor!

“That brat actually managed to unseal the power of the Lightning Armor?”

Even the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief felt disbelief.

He knew very well that Zuoqiu Tiancheng had also unsealed both his Lightning Mark and Lightning Armor before he had reached the Utmost Exalted realm.

However, after reaching the Utmost Exalted realm, all of his bloodline powers had ended up being sealed again.

It was already extremely amazing that Zuoqiu Tiancheng had been able to unseal his Lightning Mark.

Yet Chu Feng had actually managed to unseal both the Lightning Mark and Lightning Armor? This was simply unfathomable.

One should know that Chu Feng’s actual cultivation was only that of rank one Utmost Exalted.

Even though there were powerful existences in the Holy Light Galaxy’s Upper Starfields that had managed to unseal two bloodline powers, they were all people that had trained bitterly for years, and had utilized treasures or medicinal pellets to assist them.

It was the first time that the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief had witnessed someone unsealing two bloodline powers at once the moment they reached the Utmost Exalted Realm.

Furthermore, from the way it looked, it was clear that Chu Feng had not utilized any treasures or medicinal pellets to assist him.

He had not relied on any external help, and had unsealed two bloodline powers with his own ability.

This was simply unheard of, simply unprecedented.

Suddenly, a furious shout was heard, “You bastard! That power should’ve belonged to me! That was mine!”

“You stole the power that should’ve belonged to me! I am going to dismember you into ten thousand pieces! I’ll make sure you die a miserable death!”

It was Zuoqiu Tiancheng.

Seeing the Lightning Armor on Chu Feng’s body his anger soared once more. He was on the verge of being driven mad with anger.

He felt that if it weren’t for Chu Feng, the Divine Lightning Affliction that had arrived would’ve belonged to him. He should have been the one to make a breakthrough in cultivation and unseal the power of the Lightning Armor.

Yet all of that had been stolen from him by Chu Feng.

It was Chu Feng who had caused him to have nothing at all.

As he shouted furiously at Chu Feng, he sucked his lost Incomplete Exalted Armament back into his grasp.

He planned to attack Chu Feng with a martial skill.

“Paa~~~”

However, right after he raised his Incomplete Exalted Armament, before he could even unleash his attack, a hand grabbed his wrist and stopped him.

At that moment, the furious Zuoqiu Tiancheng who was overflowing with killing intent suddenly found himself stunned.

It was Chu Feng. Not only had Chu Feng arrived before him, but he had also stopped his attack.

Most importantly, at the instant when Chu Feng’s hand grabbed Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s wrist, Zuoqiu Tiancheng realized the disparity between him and Chu Feng.

“It’s my turn now.”

After saying those words, Chu Feng clenched his fist. ‘Snap!’ Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s wrist had been crushed.

The injury was not only an injury to his physical body, it was also an injury to his soul.

Zuoqiu Tiancheng had been pampered and spoiled all his life. When had he ever experienced such torment?

As such, once his wrist was crushed, he immediately started screaming miserably in pain.

However, right after he screamed, Chu Feng’s attack came again. Chu Feng had raised his leg and kicked Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s leg, breaking it.

Zuoqiu Tiancheng fell to the ground and began rolling around in miserable pain. He had evidently lost all ability to fight.

Everyone had thought Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s battle power to be extremely strong.

Never would they have imagined that he would be completely powerless to even fight back against Chu Feng.

However, Chu Feng showed no signs of stopping.

He continued to attack Zuoqiu Tiancheng. With every attack, Zuoqiu Tiancheng found himself with more bones shattered. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

To Zuoqiu Tiancheng, this was most definitely torture.

Everything Chu Feng did was observed by all the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen.

Because of that, those Zuoqiu Heavenly Clansmen all felt extremely pained.

However, in terms of feeling the greatest pain and distress, none could compare to Zuoqiu Tiancheng’s father, the Zuoqiu Heavenly Clan’s Clan Chief.