Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4160 - Each With Their Respective Ulterior Motive

The Dragon Vein Source Stone was now visible to the naked eye.

It was a stone emitting a golden light.

The stone seemed to be made of gold. Yet, it was not made out of gold. The sense of weight it emitted far surpassed that of gold.

Especially the dragon-shaped symbol on the surface of the stone. That symbol fully illustrated how extraordinary of a stone it was.

Although Chu Feng had never seen a Dragon Vein Source Stone before, he was certain that the golden stone before him must be the legendary Dragon Vein Source Stone.

That said, although the Dragon Vein Source Stone was before their eyes, it was not something that could be easily obtained.

The reason for that was because that Dragon Vein Source Stone was currently encased in a layer of ice.

One could see the Dragon Vein Source Stone through the ice, but because of the existence of that layer of ice, the people gathered there were unable to retrieve it.

That ice was a grand protective formation.

That grand protective formation was extremely hard to breach.

Even though there were no traces of battle on the surface of the ice, the entire region was emitting natural energy and martial power energy ripples.

From that, Chu Feng knew that someone had tried to forcibly split open the layer of ice.

However, needless to say they had ultimately failed.

There were currently twenty-three people gathered there.

Among them, five were invited world spiritists. Those five world spiritists were all Dragon Mark Saint-cloak world spiritists. Judging from the spirit formations that were set up in the surroundings, Chu Feng could tell that those five world spiritists were all very powerful.

As for the remaining people, they were all descendants of the people who had been abandoned by the Dragon Clan. They had come from various different powers and were all rather strong.

Chu Feng had even detected rank six Utmost Exalted-level auras amongst them.

At that moment, they’d realized that the ice sealing the Dragon Vein Source Stone could not be breached using martial power. Spirit formation techniques were the only method that one could use.

Because of that, no one had attempted to attack the ice again. Instead, they seemed to be waiting for something.

One thing worthy of mentioning was that, amongst the people present, there was one person that caused killing intent to emerge in Chu Feng’s heart.

That person was the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted.

The Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted had been in conflict with the Mystic Cave Saints.

Back in the Great Monster Slayer Emperor’s Tomb, and when Chu Feng had fought against the All-heaven Sect, the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted had fought Chu with Feng.

On both occasions, the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted had nearly killed him.

Furthermore, the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted was extremely cunning.

Back at the All-heaven Sect, Zhao Hong had been tortured by the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted. When her bloodline power had awakened and her cultivation had made a breakthrough, Zhao Hong had killed all the enemies present.

Yet, the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted who had tortured her so cruelly had fled.

Upon learning that the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted had fled, Chu Feng vowed in his heart that he would definitely find the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted in the future and make him pay for his crimes.

He had never expected that he would encounter the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted there.

Moreover, the current him was different from back then.

The Chu Feng from back then had felt, more or less, fear towards the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted.

Now Chu Feng no longer had any fear towards the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted.

“Everyone, if we wish to breach this spirit formation we must work as one.”

“We must first trigger the true powers of this protective formation. Only by doing so can we then try to breach it.” Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

“But, we must remember to work as one, and not be corrupted by greed. If we fail to maintain our union, this spirit formation will become extremely dangerous.”

The person that had spoken was none other than the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted.

The crowd nodded their heads at his words. No one expressed any objection.

It seemed as if the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted had become the leader of the group of people.

The reason for that, was because they’d already set up a grand unsealing formation to breach the ice seal.

The main cultivator in setting up this grand unsealing formation had been none other than the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted.

The people present had all been bowled over by his powerful world spirit techniques.

Because of that, they were all willing to comply with his instructions.

Of course, their decisions to listen to his instructions were only temporary.

After all, none of the people present were ordinary characters.

The reason they were complying with the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted’s instructions, was because they wanted to make use of him, to exploit him for their own benefits.

Once they made their decisions, the crowd prepared to work in unison to breach the layer of ice sealing the Dragon Vein Source Stone.

Right at that moment, a sudden voice put a halt to the crowd’s plan.

“Everyone. As the saying goes, he who saw it is fated to be there. Why don’t I join you all?”

The person that had spoken was Chu Feng.

As Chu Feng spoke, he revealed himself and walked towards the crowd.

Chu Feng had altered his appearance again.

He no longer had the look of a young man. Instead, he had transformed himself into an old man. Furthermore, he was wearing a world spiritist gown covered in golden roaming lights.

Just by seeing the world spiritist gown, the crowd knew that Chu Feng was a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist.

“Grandmaster, you’re willing to aid us?” Someone immediately asked.

The twenty-three people present, including the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted, all welcomed Chu Feng.

The reason for their reaction was because there was an insufficient number of world spiritists gathered at that moment. A world spiritist like Chu Feng was precisely what they needed.

“I am not interested in this Dragon Vein Source Stone. If we’re able to successfully breach this spirit formation, I merely request some benefits,” said Chu Feng.

“That’s no issue. We will definitely not have grandmaster work for free.”

The experts from the various powers all expressed their approval of Chu Feng’s proposal.

After all, there was only a single Dragon Vein Source Stone sealed within the ice.

Even if they managed to successfully breach the spirit formation they would not be able to split it.

If someone were to express that they did not want the Dragon Vein Source Stone, but rather other benefits, it would mean that they would have one less person to fight over the Dragon Vein Source Stone with. Naturally, they would be more than willing to accept that condition.

“In that case, let us begin.”

Seeing that he had gained the crowd’s consent, Chu Feng joined them.

That said, Chu Feng had long noticed that even though those people appeared to be very united and courteous with one another, they were all harboring ulterior motives.

Nothing could be done about it. After all, there was only a single Dragon Vein Source Stone, and pretty much everyone present wanted it.

The reason for their current solidarity was because they wanted to gather everyone’s power to breach the spirit formation barrier.

If they were able to breach the spirit formation and obtain the Dragon Vein Source Stone, a battle would be unavoidable.

Truth be told, there were many experts present.

Amongst the crowd, even the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted would be considered to be rather weak. Many of the twenty-three people there possessed strength that surpassed Chu Feng’s.

There were even rank six Utmost Exalted experts amongst them.

Logically, it would be a major headache to face such opponents.

But, Chu Feng was not afraid.

He would naturally not be a match for them if he were to rely only brute force.

But, if he were to utilize world spirit techniques, he would be able to gain a decisive opportunity.

That was the reason why Chu Feng had revealed himself, had stopped waiting for prey to appear, and had instead decided to reveal himself to join hands with them.

Only by joining the spirit formation would Chu Feng be able to put the power of the spirit formation to use, and seize this decisive opportunity.

Only by doing that would Chu Feng have the chance to become the final victor.

Chu Feng’s goal was not limited to only taking care of the Bloodmist Heavenly Exalted.

His goal was also to obtain that Dragon Vein Source Stone.