Chapter 4206 - All-seeing Heavenly Master

The spirit formation that the Ox-nosed Old Daoist had set up was extremely powerful. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

First of all, it connected multiple starfields and countless different worlds. Yet, one could travel back and forth through those worlds in a very short period of time.

It could be said that the spirit formation was a teleportation formation that was even faster than the Ancient Era’s Teleportation Formations.

The only shortcoming was the fact that its numbers were limited even though it covered multiple different worlds. Thus, one could not reach every single place through the spirit formation.

Nevertheless, it was exceptionally amazing to be able to possess such a terrifying teleportation speed. In fact, its speed could even be said to be unimaginably fast.

To be able to accomplish this feat, it was not purely because the spirit formation the Ox-nosed Old Daoist had set up was an exquisite work of art. Most importantly, it was because it drew support from an enormous source of power, the Dark Black Monstrous God’s housing.

The Divine Deer had mentioned to Chu Feng that the Dark Black Monstrous God possessed spatial power.

Perhaps that was the reason why the spirit formation was able to surpass the power of ordinary teleportation formations by many times.

Of course, even though the spirit formation was capable of teleportation, it was not capable of teleporting at will.

One must first enter the main formation and then activate the spirit formation gate through the main formation. Only then could one reach other places.

Chu Feng was currently inside the main formation.

As for the spirit formation gates that were spread all over the various worlds, some were simply concealed somewhere, whilst others were hidden inside remnants.

Those remnants were all the works of Zhuge Yuankong.

As the spirit formation was simply too powerful, too unbelievable, it was no easy task to control it.

Although Chu Feng was given control over the spirit formation, he had not gained complete mastery over it. As such, he was still unable to utilize its power at will.

Take teleportation for example.

Chu Feng needed to carefully seek out the spirit formation gate that he wanted to use from all the spirit formation gates spread all over the martial cultivation realm.

Whilst Chu Feng was searching for the spirit formation gate that connected to the Reincarnation Upper Realm, his awareness skimmed past another spirit formation gate.

That spirit formation gate was connected to a remnant.

Inside that remnant, Chu Feng discovered Long Xiaoxiao.

Long Shengbu, Long Nanxun and Elder Ruiyun were also there.

However, those two genius world spiritists, Chen Guang and Yue Yang, were not present.

As Chu Feng had control over the main formation and the remnant they were in was connected to the main formation, he was able to sense everything inside the remnant even though it was very far away from him.

Chu Feng did not sense Chen Guang and Yue Yang’s auras in the remnant.

The two of them might be dead. Or perhaps they had never entered the remnant.

But, that was not what Chu Feng was concerned about. Most importantly, Long Xiaoxiao and others had reached the deepest part of the remnant.

Although Chu Feng long known that Long Xiaoxiao had sought his help to breach a spirit formation, he had never expected the spirit formation they were trying to breach to be a remnant left behind by the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

Of course, they did not know that the Ox-nosed Old Daoist, and only knew of Zhuge Yuankong.

Currently, they’d entered the deepest region of the remnant, and seemed to be in no danger at all.

But, even though that was the case, Chu Feng felt that things wouldn’t go well for them.

The reason for that was because there was another person with them. That person was a woman. She had a middle-aged look, and emitted an extraordinary air. She was very imposing.

That woman currently grasped an extremely strong power within her.

That was the power of the remnant they were in.

In other words, the woman had gained control over the remnant.

If that were all, Chu Feng wouldn’t be worried.

After all, if a world spiritist could grasp the power of the remnant whilst attempting to breach it, they would generally do so.

But, Chu Feng could sense that the woman was utilizing the remnant’s power to mobilize a grand offensive formation.

That offensive formation was extremely powerful.

But, there was clearly no enemy present inside the remnant. Why would she need to set up such an offensive formation?

Only a single possible explanation came to Chu Feng’s mind.

That woman was very possibly planning to attack Long Xiaoxiao and the others.

“Miss Yu Ting, please wait here for a bit. I’ll be right back.”

After Chu Feng said those words to Yu Ting, he opened up a spirit formation gate that lead to the remnant and stepped into it.

Whilst Chu Feng had gained control over the grand formation, his control was not complete.

If he wanted to help Long Xiaoxiao and the others, he had to enter the remnant. If he didn’t then he wouldn’t be able to gain control over its power.

That said, even though the Dark Black Monstrous God was very powerful and the spirit formation could teleport one very far in a short period of time, some time was still needed to make the teleportation.

That was why Chu Feng had rushed to enter the remnant that Long Xiaoxiao and the others were in. If he waited, he might not be able to rescue them.

The middle-aged woman who had gained control over the remnant’s powers was the renowned All-seeing Heavenly Master.

The All-seeing Heavenly Master was not only proficient in making prophecies, she was also a Dragon Mark Saint-cloak World Spiritist that had grasped rank four Dragon Sensation Transformation.

Rank four Dragon Transformation Sensation was a power akin to rank eight Utmost Exalted.

The All-seeing Heavenly Master was not only a master world spiritist, her cultivation was also very powerful.

She possessed the cultivation of rank nine Utmost Exalted. She was a peak Utmost Exalted-level existence.

She was also the most powerful disciple of the Dao Comprehension Sage Exalted.

The reason why Long Xiaoxiao and others had requested the help of a world spiritist as powerful as the All-seeing Heavenly Master was all for the sake of a single item.

To people from their Dragon Clan, that was an extremely valuable treasure. Especially for those of the younger generation, that treasure would provide enormous aid.

But, the master of that treasure was not the Dragon Clan. Instead, it was Zhuge Yuankong.

They’d sought this treasure for a very long time. With great difficulty they’d finally found it.

Unfortunately, after all the effort they’d put forth, after breaching difficulties after difficulties to get there, they discovered that the place was completely empty.

In the center of the grand formation was a spirit formation platform. That spirit formation platform was very exquisite. The aura of the treasure still lingered on the platform. But, the treasure itself had disappeared.

This meant that someone had removed it.

This made Long Xiaoxiao and others very depressed.

But, they did not give up all hope.

That was because the All-seeing Heavenly Master had told them that the treasure might not have been taken away by someone else, but instead had been concealed by Zhuge Yuankong with a special spirit formation.

She was setting up a spirit formation to breach that grand concealment formation.

If she managed to breach the spirit formation, they might be able to find that treasure.

At that moment, Long Xiaoxiao and the others could only place all their hopes on the All-seeing Heavenly Master. As such, they were all quietly standing and did not even dare to utter a single word in fear of affecting the All-seeing Heavenly Master’s concentration.

“Buzz---”

Suddenly, a dark black spirit formation gate appeared in the remnant’s grand hall.

That dark black spirit formation gate was extremely strange. Not only did it appear out of thin air, it was also emitting an extremely dangerous aura.

Most terrifying of all, a powerful suction force also appeared with the spirit formation gate. In an instant, the suction force had enveloped everyone present.

It seemed as if the spirit formation gate was planning to suck them all into it.

“What is this?!”

Long Xiaoxiao and others were all greatly alarmed by the spirit formation gate.

They’d encountered a lot of difficulties in the remnant. But, not a single one had brought them so much oppression.

They felt as if they would undoubtedly die should they be sucked into the spirit formation gate.

“Buzz---”

Suddenly, a giant golden bell appeared and covered the spirit formation gate.

There were thirty-eight golden dragons engraved on the giant bell.

The golden bell began emitting dragon roars. Those thirty-eight golden dragons also flew out of the golden bell. As they soared, they began to encircle the golden bell.

Even though the giant golden bell trembled violently, it had managed to seal off the dark-black spirit formation gate.

The giant golden bell was a treasure that had been activated by Long Shengbu.

“Grandpa Bu, what is that thing?” Long Xiaoxiao asked nervously.

Even though Long Shengbu had managed to seal off the spirit formation gate with his treasure, she still felt very uneasy.

After all, the black spirit formation gate had emitted an aura that she had never felt before.

Even Long Nanxun and Elder Ruiyun were extremely anxious.

“I don’t know. But, that was something very dangerous.”

Long Shengbu was also frowning. He turned to the All-seeing Heavenly Master, who was still setting up her spirit formation.

“All-seeing Heavenly Master, how much longer will it take to breach the concealment formation?”

“This place is too strange. We must hurry,” Long Shengbu said anxiously. He was afraid that something even more terrifying would occur should they continue to linger. He wanted to leave this place quickly.

“It’s already complete.”

As the All-seeing Heavenly Master spoke, she opened her eyes.

Then, she spread open her palms and shot them forward.

“Roar---”

In an instant, ghost-like wailing and wolf-like howlings could be heard as a boundless spirit formation appeared above them.

When they saw that spirit formation, Long Xiaoxiao and the others grew tense.

That spirit formation looked different from ordinary spirit formations. That spirit formation possessed enormous power.

However, strangely enough that spirit formation was also surging with dark black gaseous flames that emitted the same aura as the terrifying spirit formation gate that had been sealed by the giant golden bell.

But, as they were in a hurry to leave, Long Xiaoxiao and others did not think too much of it.

“All-seeing Heavenly Master, quickly find the Triple Dragon Soul Coiling Lock,” urged Long Shengbu.

“Very well,” The All-seeing Heavenly Master smiled strangely.

Then, she pointed her palm at Long Shengbu.

“Roar---”

The powerful howling spirit formation rapidly rushed toward Long Shengbu!