Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4359: A Coincidental Meeting

Not too long after Chu Feng parted with Wang Yuxian and the others, he came to a stop.

He noticed that there were some problems occurring with the spirit compass, which had already locked onto the aura of the black streak.

When Chu Feng first activated the spirit compass, the needle had been swerving a little uncertainly, as if it couldn’t pinpoint the direction of where the target was. Nevertheless, through following the general direction, he was still able to track down the target.

But at this very moment, the compass wasn’t reacting anymore. This sight left Chu Feng a little panicked.

If the compass were to really break down at this point, he wouldn’t be able to track the black streak anymore.

So, he quickly examined the compass and checked if the tracking formation embedded within was still working properly, and based on what he saw, there were no problems with the formation at all.

“Does this mean to say that the black streak is too far away from me, so I’m unable to track it down anymore?” Chu Feng murmured with a deep frown.

The compass was his only hope of finding the black streak right now. If he were to lose this final clue to the black streak, he would really be at a loss as to what he could do.

Shoosh!

But all of a sudden, the compass suddenly began reacting once more. The needle was still swerving uncertainly, but he was still able to figure out the general direction from the compass.

“This is weird.”

However, Chu Feng couldn’t help but think more deeply into this matter.

In his view, it was illogical for the compass to react in such a manner. This was at odds with the theory of how tracking formations worked.

Given that Chu Feng hadn’t been moving around, it shouldn’t be possible for the tracking compass to show such massive fluctuations in its accuracy all of a sudden... unless someone was interfering with his tracking formation.

But who could be doing that? RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Could it be that the Soaring Flower Gazebo had some kind of measure in place that disturbed the effects of tracking formations?

“Forget it, I won’t think too much into it anymore!”

Chu Feng decided to simply follow the direction he was given and not think too much into yet. Given the position he was in, he didn’t have the luxury of choice anyway. By hook or by crook, he had to get the black streak.

While Chu Feng was following the direction of the compass, the starry night sky was soon replaced with a cloudy day sky.

However, there were still no changes in the compass yet. It was still only showing him the rough direction but not the specific location. Despite so, Chu Feng still continued pursuing the only clue he had relentlessly. At the very least, this lead meant that the black streak hadn’t managed to fully escape yet.

“This sensation!!!”

But all of a sudden, Chu Feng’s pupils dilated in surprise.

An aura of a person suddenly gushed toward him, leaving him feeling deeply astonished.

This matter had to be traced back to the Red-dress Holy Land. Back then, he encountered a group of mysterious people who was shrouded in mist.

He had no idea where they had come from, but their strength was formidable. Through the threat of violence, they took Yin Zhuanghong away with them.

Due to the massive disparity in power, Chu Feng, Zhao Hong, and the others were unable to stop them, but nevertheless, Chu Feng still wasn’t willing to let things rest like that.

In order to save Yin Zhuanghong, he intentionally provoked a person amongst them known as Lian Xi.

Everyone didn’t understand why Chu Feng had done that back then, but in truth, Chu Feng was aiming to come into physical contact with Lian Xi so that he could leave an imprint on the latter. He wanted to track down Lian Xi afterward so as to save Yin Zhuanghong.

It was just that the distance between them got too far, resulting in Chu Feng’s tracking to fall in failure. Due to that, he completely lost touch with Yin Zhuanghong.

He looked into the matter afterward, and he found that those bunch of people had come from the Cloudsky Immortal Sect. It was a rising power in the Holy Light Galaxy that possessed great power and had great ambitions.

At this very moment, what Chu Feng was sensing was the aura he had left behind the other day.

“Could it really be that coincidental for him to have come here to, and be in my vicinity at that?” Chu Feng murmured to himself as he looked at the compass in his hand.

He hesitated for a moment before he finally made up his mind.

Since he was getting nowhere with the compass, even if he were to be delayed a little, it was unlikely that anything much should happen. He should still be able to track down the black streak after this.

So, he began making his way over to the imprint to get to the bottom of what was going on.

He could feel that he was getting closer and closer to the imprint, and soon, in the midst of a forest, he spotted three figures.

These three figures were dressed in white robes, and there were some traces of mist lingering on their clothes.

The mist shrouded their appearances, preventing others from seeing their real appearances.

This was the same getup of the group of people who had taken Yin Zhuanghong away that other day.

It might be due to some kind of treasure they had in their possession, but Chu Feng was unable to see through the mist shrouding them the previous time around.

However, he was no longer the same person he was before. With the advancements in his mastery of world spiritist techniques, he was finally able to peer through the mist and see their appearances.

Those three men were rather decent-looking, and the person whom Chu Feng had left his imprint on could be said to be handsome. However, on his face, Chu Feng could also see one word—conceited.

He could see that the three of them were hiding here in order to open an object. It was a rather peculiar object, such that Chu Feng was unable to see through what it was intended to be used for.

While they were in the midst of opening the object, the three of them also discussed some matters amongst them.

The voice of the man whom Chu Feng had left his imprint on previous on the Red-dress Holy Land was still the same as he recalled it. Chu Feng was extremely certain that this was the man named Lian Xi.

“Why would the people of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect come to the Nine Souls Galaxy and behave so secretively?” Chu Feng spoke out loud.

His words caused Lian Xi and the other two men to jolt in astonishment.

After all, Chu Feng had been concealing his aura all this while to prevent anyone from noticing him, so Lian Xi and the others were unaware of his presence.

The abrupt voice caused their faces to warp in shock, as if they were horrified by something.

“Who are you?”

Their shock only seemed to have deepened when their gazes finally fell upon Chu Feng.

The fact that a person could creep up behind them without them noticing made them realize that the person before them possessed exceptional strength.

“So, you are really from the Cloudsky Immortal Sect,” Chu Feng remarked with a smile.

He had intentionally said those words aloud in order to ascertain their identity.

After all, Chu Feng had only heard from Long Dao that those people who took away Yin Zhuanghong were dressed very alike to those from the Cloudsky Immortal Sect, but there was still a possibility that he might be wrong.

However, through the reactions that Lian Xi and the others had displayed, Chu Feng could be certain that they were indeed from the rising power in the Holy Light Galaxy, the Cloudsky Immortal Sect.

“Who are you? You recognize us?” Lian Xi asked gravely.

His attitude was rather wary, forming a stark contrast to the haughty behavior he had put on back then in the Red-dress Holy Land.

Of course, the key reason behind that was due to him not knowing who Chu Feng was.

Back then, prior to heading to the Red-dress Holy Land, Chu Feng had disguised himself as Asura whereas he was using his real appearance right now.

There was no way Lian Xi would have recognized Chu Feng.

He thought that Chu Feng was an expert from the Nine Souls Galaxy, and that was why he was acting so prudently.

“Lian Xi, I didn’t think that you would know fear,” Chu Feng chuckled to himself.

“You... Who in the world are you?” Lian Xi exclaimed.

Upon hearing his name coming out from Chu Feng’s lips, the fear in his eyes deepened. Even the other two men beside him had also subconsciously retreated a little.