Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4365: The Bizarre Valley

Over the last few days, there were signs that the treasure was nearing maturity, and it would soon be ready to be assimilated.

So, the Soaring Flower Gazebo dispatched many elders and disciples to this area in order to ensure that everything went smoothly.

The reason why the disciples here looked so exhausted was because prior to coming to this resting area, they had to infuse their own energy into the formation in order to reinforce it.

However, Chu Feng knew deeply well that the energy of a cultivator could only do so much to reinforcing a formation. Nevertheless, this was more than enough to show just how highly the sectmaster of the Soaring Flower Gazebo regarded this treasure.

Even though the other disciples wouldn’t be able to help much in this matter too, he still decided to bring them in so as to increase the chances of success by even just a bit.

Currently, it would appear that the sectmaster of the Soaring Flower Gazebo and Zhao Xuanhe weren’t in the area, but that being said, the area was still guarded by many experts.

While most of these experts were focused on hastening the maturity of the treasure through infusing their energy into the formation, there was still no doubt that this was a highly dangerous place for Chu Feng to be.

These disciples might not pose much of a threat to Chu Feng, but if he were to alarm the elders of the Soaring Flower Gazebo too, given his current strength, it would be extremely hard for him to escape with his life.

Nevertheless, Chu Feng was still willing to give it a try.

According to what he learned from the disciples, due to how huge the formation was, they had to construct many auxiliary formations in order to support the main formation. The elders of the Soaring Flower Gazebo were all stationed inside the formation cores of the auxiliary formation spread out all over the area.

Currently, there was only one person controlling the main formation where the treasure was located, and that person was a guest elder of the Soaring Flower Gazebo.

This guest elder was a little unique.

He was at rank three Dragon Transformation Sensation world spiritist and a rank 5 Utmost Exalted level cultivator.

He wouldn’t be considered to be weak within the Nine Souls Galaxy, but for a power on the tier of the Soaring Flower Gazebo, his strength was still lacking for him to take on heavy responsibilities.

Yet, he was still chosen to take care of the main formation due to some special capability he possessed.

As for what this special capability was, the disciples were oblivious to it. It appeared to be a confidential secret known only by the sectmaster and the Supreme Elders of the Soaring Flower Gazebo.

But in any case, this was the person who was at the center of this massive formation, as well as the only person guarding the treasure at the moment.

Chu Feng felt that he would stand a chance against an opponent like that.

As long as he could defeat that person, he would be able to snatch that treasure over and run away immediately.

“How does one get into the main formation?” Chu Feng asked deeply.

“This...”

Upon hearing that question, the faces of the disciples around turned incredibly awful.

They had already realized Chu Feng’s intention, so none of them was willing to show him the way. This would be considered as an act of betrayal toward the Soaring Flower Gazebo, and if the sectmaster were to learn of it, all of them would suffer grave consequences.

Perhaps, they might even be executed for this.

“None of you are willing to speak?”

Seeing how none of them was moving at all, Chu Feng’s gaze suddenly turned icy. In fact, the whole world seemed to have suddenly turned unnaturally chilly. The overwhelming killing intent from before was flowing out and suffusing the area once more.

“If you don’t speak, all of you are going to die.”

Chu Feng’s words seemed to have plunged the entire area into a living hell.

“Milord, I’ll speak! I’ll show you the way forward! Please, spare my life!”

“Milord, I’m willing to speak too. Please let me off!”

The disciples of the Soaring Flower Gazebo immediately began to plead for their lives.

None of them had any backbone at all. Of them were cowards were feared for their lives. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

“Then you can all lead the way forward for me,” Chu Feng said imposingly.

Following that, he took all of the disciples away together with him. He didn’t allow any of them to remain on the spot.

This was a decision that he had made after great consideration.

After all, if any single one of them were to get out of his line of sight, there was a good chance that he would run off to tattle on him, and that would put him in a dangerous position.

He could have set up a formation to imprison them temporarily, but in a place where there were experts all around, it might lead to unnecessary trouble. If someone were to notice his formation, it would immediately give away the fact that an intruder had snuck in here.

Given so, it would be safer to bring them with him physically.

Even if someone were to notice their disappearance, they would simply think that they had left the area temporarily or had headed off to do something else. It was unlikely that anyone would think that someone had snooped in here and blackmailed all of these disciples.

So, Chu Feng used his spirit power to ensure that all of the disciples remained in line. If any of them were to try to pull something, he would immediately claim his life.

Knowing this, the disciples of the Soaring Flower Gazebo didn’t dare to try anything either, including those whose cultivation had reached rank five Utmost Exalted level.

Along the way, Chu Feng realized that even though this area was already entirely under the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s control, the route leading to the main formation was still extremely complicated.

If he didn’t have these disciples leading the way for him, it was unlikely that he would reach his destination anytime soon.

In order to avoid alerting anyone, he didn’t dare to fly in the sky, so the group of them simply traversed on the ground instead.

And at this very moment, they were currently moving through a narrow valley surrounded by two completely vertical cliffs

Initially, Chu Feng didn’t notice anything amiss, but when he finally reached the center of the valley, his heart suddenly skipped a beat.

He suddenly noticed that his spirit power had been sealed.

“Senior, did you notice it?”

At the same time, the disciples of the Soaring Flower Gazebo also started talking amongst themselves.

Chu Feng immediately knew that things had gone awry.

All this while, he had been using his spirit power to threaten these people, so as soon as his spirit power was sealed, the threat that he posed to the others vanished.

And surely, the disciples of the Soaring Flower Gazebo had realized this as well.

“It actually worked out?”

It was at this moment that one of the rank five Utmost Exalted level disciples exclaimed in astonishment.

The fearful look on his face was swiftly replaced with a gleeful smirk.

“What are you playing over here? Are you tired of living?” Chu Feng asked coldly.

It couldn’t be any clearer that he had fallen for their trap. They had intentionally led him here to weaken him.

However, Chu Feng knew that he couldn’t show any sign of weakness right now, or else the enemy would immediately leap right in to take advantage of that.

Instead, if he were to put on a tough front, the other party might think that he still had some cards up his sleeves and hesitate.

“Nothing much, I just took a gamble. I gambled that you are only skilled in world spiritist techniques, and that your cultivation is limited.”

As the rank five Utmost Exalted level cultivator spoke, a golden aura began to flow out of his body.

It wrapped itself around him, causing his aura to swiftly transform.

Astonishingly, his cultivation actually began to rise all the way to rank six Utmost Exalted level.

This was an innate talent that the cultivator possessed. Through his superior innate strength, he was able to raise his cultivation by a rank in battle.

This was a feat that even the disciple known as Senior Lu who was killed by Chu Feng was unable to do.