Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4369: Stealing the Power

Even though the divine deer didn’t help him any further than that, Chu Feng didn’t get dismayed. In the first place, he had never really expected the divine deer to save him.

He honestly thought that he was doomed back then, and he had resolved himself to die under the torture of those scoundrels.

It was already the blessing of the heavens that the divine deer was willing to save him, and he was grateful to her for that.

“Elder, no matter what, I’m still very thankful to you. I have taken the kindness you have shown me to heart. When you need my help in the future, feel free to speak. No matter what it is, even if it’s a scaling a mountain of blades or diving into a sea of flames, you can be assured that I’ll go all the way for you.”

Even though the divine deer was no longer replying, Chu Feng still continued speaking. He knew for certain that the divine deer would be able to hear his words.

And just as he had thought, the divine deer was indeed able to see everything that had been happening to Chu Feng.

Otherwise, how could she have been able to swoop in at such a timely moment to save Chu Feng each time he was in danger?

After saying those words in his heart, Chu Feng immediately got to action.

He knew that the disciples of the Soaring Flower Gazebo would have already reported his presence to their elders by now, so it was a race against time for him to obtain the treasure.

If he were to waste any time, it would really be too late by then.

So, Chu Feng began searching the surroundings for the world spiritist that should have been guarding the main formation.

The main formation spanned over large swathes of land, making it impossible to get an overview of everything in just a single glance. However, Chu Feng’s sharp eyes were not to be underestimated too.

His attention was soon attracted by a great accumulation of energy some distance away.

He began to head in the direction where the accumulation of energy was, and soon, he found himself standing before the formation core of the main formation.

As expected of the handiwork of the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster, the energy that was fueling the main formation was indeed formidable. It was a level where Chu Feng could only gawk at.

At the center of the formation core, there was a massive floating copper cauldron.

The copper cauldron was sealed, but even the seal was not enough to completely conceal the aura of whatever that was inside the cauldron was emanating.

Chu Feng’s guess was that the treasure he had been seeking was inside the copper cauldron.

There were all sorts of valuable items that were laid around the copper cauldron, and every single one of them cost a fortune. In fact, most of them were items that Chu Feng had never seen before.

Near the copper cauldron, there was a gray-haired elder that was controlling everything that was happening within this main formation.

This gray-haired elder had an unkempt hairdo that made him look like a lunatic. On top of that, his height was less than a meter tall, making him appear dwarfish as compared to his surroundings.

While most of his facial features were concealed by his unkempt hair and long beard, it still wasn’t too difficult to tell that he wasn’t a looker.

Without a doubt, Chu Feng knew that this person was the guest elder of the Soaring Flower Gazebo that he had heard about from those disciples earlier.

The guest elder wasn’t the only living being that was within the formation core. Other than the valuable items scattered all around, there were also many silhouettes lying in the area.

The largest silhouette boasted a height of over a thousand meters tall, making it appear like a mountain was sitting atop the land. The smallest one was only around half a chi tall, roughly the length of a palm.

Some were monstrous beasts, some were savage beasts, and some were natural oddities that had gained sentience.

There were actually over ten thousand of such beings in this area, but every single one of them was in a miserable plight at the moment.

The power of their bloodline was being continuously extracted by the formation and infused into the copper cauldron, such that many of them had already met their demise from having lost too much vitality.

Those who were living weren’t in an optimistic state too. Many of them were incredibly feeble.

“Soaring Flower Gazebo really deserves to be eliminated!” Chu Feng murmured beneath his breath.

Just from what he was witnessing, he could tell that the guest elder was no kind soul either.

As the saying went, a gentleman may be materialistic but he chooses his means.

The same went for cultivators too.

Of course, the world of cultivation was a pragmatic place, and misplaced kindness could lead a cultivator to his doom. If there was a person who carried malicious intentions toward one, there was no doubt that one should eliminate this threat.

However, if one were to willfully take the lives of others just to fulfill one’s greed, one would be downright inhuman.

Despite so, many cultivators still choose to forsake their humanity for the sake of achieving their own personal goals.

That was also why there were so many evil powers in the world.

The Soaring Flower Gazebo was one classic example.

Even though the elder before him was just a guest elder, which meant that he wasn’t officially a member of the Soaring Flower Gazebo, his actions were more than enough to show that they were the same kind of people.

Chu Feng felt a deep urge to get rid of the guest elder, but he didn’t make a move right away.

No matter what, the other party was still a world spiritist who had comprehended rank three Dragon Transformation Sensation, which meant that he possessed strength on par with rank six Utmost Exalted level cultivators.

While Chu Feng had the Nine Dragons Saint Cloak and his world spiritist bloodline, which granted him strength comparable to rank six Utmost Exalted level cultivators too with his rank two Dragon Transformation Sensation, in a true fight, he didn’t have absolute confidence to emerge victorious.

That being said, this wasn’t what Chu Feng was the most worried about at the moment.

What that was really holding him back at the main formation itself.

The main formation commanded a terrifying amount of energy, and on top of hastening the maturity of the treasure, it also possessed some offensive means too.

Chu Feng was unable to discern how powerful the offensive might of the main formation was, but his instincts told him that it was definitely above his.

Since the main formation was under the control of the guest elder, Chu Feng would have to think twice before challenging the guest elder.

If he really wanted to subdue the guest elder, he would have to think of a way to somehow siphon the energy from the main formation so as to weaken it.

However, that wouldn’t be an easy thing to do, especially given that the guest elder was a rank three Dragon Transformation Sensation world spiritist.

Putting aside his fighting prowess, his mastery of world spiritist techniques was indubitably above that of Chu Feng’s.

For Chu Feng to siphon energy out of the main formation without incurring his attention was nigh impossible.

That being said, this was an evaluation based on ordinary means that world spiritists possessed, and Chu Feng happened to possess extraordinary means.

“I can only rely on you then,” Chu Feng muttered to himself as he brought out the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk once more.

Under the situation that the divine deer was unwilling to help him, the only thing Chu Feng could rely on was the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk.

He knew that he couldn’t afford to remain here for too long as it was only a matter of time before he was caught, so this was actually just a last-ditch attempt.

If the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk was able to help him, he could still give it a try. If not, he would immediately turn around and leave the area.

Even though Chu Feng wanted to obtain the treasure, he knew that it wasn’t as important as his own life. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Weng!

And as soon as Chu Feng brought out the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk, a smile broke out on his face. The Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk had begun to shake intensely, as if saying that it was able to do something about this situation.

Furthermore, it seemed to be able to see through Chu Feng’s intentions. As soon as he activated the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk, it began to siphon the energy from the main formation.

In order to avoid alerting the guest elder of the Soaring Flower Gazebo, it had shrouded its actions with the power of concealment, such that no one would be able to tell what it was doing other than Chu Feng.

As a result, not even the guest elder could tell that the main formation was losing power even though he was controlling it.

This was simply the tremendous prowess the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk commanded!