Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4380: Festivity in the City

Chu Feng followed the directions indicated on the compass to track down the whereabouts of the black streak.

In truth, he was feeling very deeply worried inside.

Even though he had claimed the upper hand in the clash against the black streak previously using the power of the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk, he had a feeling that the black streak was still in the midst of its growth.

If it were to grow any stronger, perhaps even the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk wouldn’t be able to curb it anymore.

There was also another matter that really made Chu Feng feel a little unnerved, and that was regarding the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk.

There was no doubt that it was extremely powerful, but it was also very whimsical, choosing on its own accord whether it wanted to help him or not. When the guest elder confined him into the copper cauldron to assimilate him earlier, the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk didn’t respond to him at all.

If not for his world spiritist bloodline, he could have been dead by now.

As such, he couldn’t help but worry that the Celestial Master’s Horsetail Whisk might refuse to help him when he finally encountered the black streak once more.

Due to all of these worries, it was an extremely unconfident pursuit.

It was as if a rabbit was chasing after a tiger.

How could a rabbit possibly be a match for a tiger?

But Chu Feng had no choice at all. This was the item he needed to procure in order to save his master, so no matter what, he had to give it a try.

Soon, Chu Feng found himself arriving at a city.

Just by looking at the outside, he could already tell that it was no ordinary city.

There was a massive barrier that rose from the ground all the way to the sky, such that there was no way to circumvent it if one wanted to enter the city. On top of that, it was a powerful barrier than Chu Feng couldn’t do anything about.

If this city was really closed to outsiders, there was no way that Chu Feng would be able to get in.

Fortunately, there was an entrance to the barrier that allowed people to walk in and out of the city freely.

Chu Feng passed through the barrier, and soon, he got a closer glimpse of the city.

He saw countless buildings that extended all the way to where his eyes could see. The city was so humongous that it appeared more to be like a country in itself!

This city was filled with people, and from their vastly differing dress-ups, it would appear that most of them weren’t native to this city. They seemed to have been drawn here by some sort of festivity.

It was a tournament for world spiritists. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Regardless of whether one was a cultivator or a world spiritist, competition was inevitable in the world. Some did it for their honor whereas some simply wanted to prove their worth. In any case, it was a natural occurrence that was constantly happening in this world.

However, Chu Feng wasn’t bothered by the festivity occurring here. His only purpose for entering the city was to track down the black streak.

The only problem with that was that his compass had stopped reacting after he entered the city.

So, Chu Feng tried leaving the city, and the compass immediately reverted back to normal. That being said, the direction it pointed at was still the city.

Initially, he thought that the compass might be pointing beyond the city, so he spent quite a bit of effort to circle around the city to head to the other end, but who could have thought that the compass was still adamantly pointing toward the city?

“Could that black streak be hiding inside here? It can’t be planning on going on a massacre, could it? Or did it morph into the form of a human, hoping to survive in this world as a cultivator?”

With many doubts bubbling in his mind, Chu Feng entered the city once more, and once again, the compass began to malfunction.

He tried many different methods to get the compass to work after that, but his efforts were futile.

The results were clear. The compass simply wouldn’t work inside the city.

Chu Feng couldn’t understand what was going on, and he guessed that there might be some sort of powerful tool or formation inside the city that was hindering his compass from working properly.

This made Chu Feng feel incredibly distressed. The city was simply massive, and the black streak’s ability to conceal itself was incredibly strong. It was nigh impossible for Chu Feng to find it with his own capabilities.

Nevertheless, he still had to give it a try.

Chu Feng wasn’t too bothered by the tournament that was going on since it had nothing to do with his goal, but it was still inevitable that he would hear the discussions of the crowd while walking through the streets.

He found that that the tournament was a duel amongst the younger world spiritist.

Or to be more exact, it wasn’t really just limited to the younger generation anymore since the age limit was 300 years old. In other words, any world spiritist of three hundred years old and below were qualified to participate in the tournament.

That being said, for a cultivator, being of 300 years old could be considered rather young, especially since many cultivators would go into closed-door training for several centuries at ends to cultivate.

There was one thing about this that caught Chu Feng’s attention—he saw some people from the Soaring Flower Sect here in this city.

Furthermore, these people were no ordinary figures in the Soaring Flower Sect. They were the sectmaster and his first personal disciple, Zhao Xuanhe.

On top of that, it would appear that Zhao Xuanhe had participated in the tournament and was currently fighting with someone.

Based on the discussions going around, it would appear that he was quite a popular contender for the champion seat.

As it turned out, during the critical moment when the treasure was nearing maturity, the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster and Zhao Xuanhe had chosen to come here to attend the tournament instead of standing guard at the mountain range.

This, in itself, was more than enough to show how highly they valued this world spiritist tournament.

Soon, Chu Feng found out the reason why the sectmaster of the Soaring Flower Gazebo and Zhao Xuanhe viewed this tournament so highly.

Most likely, it was due to the world spiritist that was organizing this tournament, a person named the Sagacious Grandmaster.

The Sagacious Grandmaster was not a person from the Upper Realm, and he didn’t belong to this galaxy either.

He was a hermit who lived discreetly, but he possessed an incredible mastery of world spiritist techniques. Just the basis of his strength was enough to make him one of the renowned powerhouses of the Nine Souls Galaxy.

On top of that, he was offering one of his possessions as the prize for the winner of the tournament.

While no one knew what that item was, they believed that an item coming from the Sagacious Grandmaster was bound to be extraordinary.

Most likely, the sectmaster of the Soaring Flower Gazebo and Zhao Xuanhe were here for the prize from the Sagacious Grandmaster.

“That dress-up... Are they from the Dao Sea?”

All of a sudden, Chu Feng saw eight figures dressed in a familiar white robe flying over.

They appeared to be not as young as Wang Yuxian and her seniors, probably in their middle-aged, but nevertheless, their maturity only added another layer to their charms, making one unable to see through them easily.

There were no rules within this city that forbade one from flying, so there were many cultivators traversing around in the air.

Nevertheless, these eight middle-aged women still stood out amidst the crowd, and their appearance naturally drew gazes upon them. In an instant, they had already become the center of discussion.

From those voices, Chu Feng was able to ascertain that they were indeed the disciples of the Lady of Dao Sea too.

However, unlike Wang Yuxian and the others, every single one of them was at least a thousand years in age. Most likely, they were an earlier batch of disciples taken in by the Lady of Dao Sea.

On top of that, the Lady of Dao Sea had also created a sword formation tailored to them. That sword formation was not only powerful, but it was rumored to be incredibly beautiful as well.

Due to that, these eight middle-aged ladies were bestowed with the title of the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea.

Their appearance here only served to emphasize how grand the tournament was.

However, Chu Feng’s heart wasn’t here at all. The only thing he wanted to do right now was to find the black streak and bring it back to the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

He was only listening to the discussions around in hopes of receiving news concerning the black streak, but this tournament was simply too huge that it was the only thing that everyone was talking about.

Faced with such a situation, Chu Feng was distressed.

“I know what you’re looking for.”

But all of a sudden, a voice sounded in Chu Feng’s ears.