Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4394: Fighting for Chu Feng

“Sectmaster Xu, this token is indeed from our Dao Sea. While we reserve some skepticism toward what this man has said, we do have the responsibility to investigate how he came to obtain this token.

“Why don’t we do this instead, Sectmaster Xu? Follow us to the Dao Sea, and we’ll clarify everything there. If this man has obtained the token through illegitimate means, we’ll hand him over to you to deal with!”

The Eight Immortal Swordwomen of the Dao Sea said.

Their words not only shocked the crowd from the Soaring Flower Gazebo, but even the outsiders were also surprised too.

What was going on?

It was just a moment ago that the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea were still standing on the same front as the Soaring Flower Gazebo in criticizing Chu Feng, clearly showing that they were on the same front as them.

Why would they suddenly change their stance after Chu Feng took out a token?

While their words indicated that they were still favoring the Soaring Flower Gazebo, it was clear to everyone present that they were determined to bail Chu Feng out of this situation at least for the time being. Until they finally clarified the situation, they wouldn’t allow those from the Soaring Flower Gazebo to harm Chu Feng.

“I didn’t think that even after many years of friendship, I still don’t have the trust of the Dao Sea. Forget it. What do I have to fear? I’ll follow you to the Dao Sea!”

And what was even more shocking was that the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster actually agreed to the compromise.

During their conversation, the crowd also finally arrived at the outskirts of the city.

“Young friend, under the instructions of the Sagacious Grandmaster, I’ll only be sending you up till here. Beyond this, regardless of whether you are intending to return to the city to deal with your business or that you’re intending to leave the area, I’ll have no part in ensuring your safety,” Ordinary said.

Those words told everyone that the Sagacious Grandmaster wouldn’t protect Chu Feng any further than this.

Weng!

All of a sudden, a powerful oppressive might suddenly crush down toward Chu Feng.

It was from the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster.

He didn’t intend to give Chu Feng any opportunity to get away at all. He was going to do the job right here and right now.

“Form the sword formation!”

But as soon as the oppressive might was released, it was deflected by a brilliant burst of light.

Everyone was stunned.

The light had come from the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea, who were standing around Chu Feng like bodyguards.

Eight powerful sword rays had risen to the edges of the sky to form a sword formation around Chu Feng to protect him.

It was the strongest sword formation that the Lady of Dao Sea had imparted to the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea, Heaven Immortal Sword Formation.

Even though the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea were all at Martial Exalted level, their strength was visibly weaker than the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster by a notch.

However, the prowess of the sword formation was extremely powerful. Once activated, they would stand a chance to defeat an opponent who was a rank above them.

This was also the reason why they were able to stop the oppress might from the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster.

“Fairies, do you really intend to stand against me? Our Soaring Flower Gazebo has been on close terms with the Dao Sea for many years, but you’re going to stand against me for a mere outsider? He’s the culprit who killed my son!!!” the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster bellowed angrily.

He was finally admitting publicly that Zhao Xuanhe was his son.

Facing a devastated father who had just lost his son, the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea felt guilt pricking at their conscience for doing so, but despite so, they still insisted on their stance.

“Sectmaster Xu, we can understand your feelings, but didn’t we agree to head to the Dao Sea together so that we can investigate the matter first? Once we clarify things up, we’ll hand Chu Feng over for you to deal with,” the leader of the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea said.

“What is there to clarify about this? He killed my son, and you saw it with your own eyes! He stole the treasure of our Soaring Flower Gazebo and killed our disciples, he admitted to it himself too! What else do you want to know?

“Don’t tell me that you believe that brat’s words, that our Soaring Flower Gazebo would stoop to the level of demonic cults as to take the lives of children to concoct pills?” the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster questioned furiously.

His words were filled with fury, indignance, and aggravation.

There were many people present who felt that the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster was standing at the side of reason here. He had headed the Soaring Flower Gazebo for so many years, and its reputation had remained fairly good so far. The fact that the Dao Sea was willing to associate itself with the Soaring Flower Gazebo should be enough to highlight their upright principles.

And Chu Feng had also admitted to everything he had done to the Soaring Flower Gazebo earlier.

So, they felt that it was unreasonable for the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea to protect Chu Feng over a mere token at this moment.

Their actions were clearly showing that they reserved some hesitation regarding Chu Feng’s words, that they were doubting the Soaring Flower Gazebo.

In their view, believing such a ridiculous accusation over a mere token was simply illogical.

“Sectmaster Xu, the truth will unravel itself once we meet our juniors at the Dao Sea. Is there a need to rush into this?”

The Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea had no intentions of backing down at all.

“He killed my son. I can’t allow him to continue existing on the face of this world, even for a moment more! I must take his life right here, right now!

“If the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea insist on protecting him, I can only offend you!”

After saying those words, the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster immediately made his move.

On the other hand, the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea also showed no signs of backing down at all. They drove their sword formation to retaliate against the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster.

Just like this, the experts of two powers that were on good terms ended up clashing with one another.

The Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea were all at rank two Martial Exalted level, and they were the strongest eight individuals of the Dao Sea aside from the Lady of Dao Sea herself.

When they combined their prowess together through the sword formation, their fighting prowess was on par with that of rank three Martial Exalted level experts. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

As for the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster, he was at rank three Martial Exalted level.

The collision of the nine experts caused great shockwaves to ripple into the surroundings, forcing those spectating to retreat a distance away so as to ensure their safety.

If not for Ordinary using his strength to block down a great deal of the shockwaves, there could have even been some casualties too.

The clash of the nine people didn’t sustain for too long. In just half an incense’s time, the duel had come to an end.

The energy created by the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea’s sword formation had begun to recede. This was the weakness of relying on a sword formation in a battle.

No matter how powerful the sword formation was, it simply couldn’t be sustained for extended durations. Half an incense’s time was the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea’s limit.

Once the power within the sword formation receded, the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea was no longer a match for the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster anymore.

Fortunately, the Soaring Flower Gazebo’s sectmaster had no intention of harming the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea—these were the disciples of the Lady of Dao Sea after all—so he held himself back before he could injure them. Otherwise, if the Lady of Dao Sea were to hear of the matter, his life would be forfeit.

Had there been no one around to witness the act, he would have already killed them without any hesitation. In his view, someone who dared to protect the culprit who killed his son deserved to die!

Even though the sword formation had begun to dissipate, the Eight Immortal Swordswomen of the Dao Sea showed no intention of leaving the area at all. Instead, they began to gather closer around Chu Feng.

This showed their determination to protect Chu Feng.