Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4417: Godwish Palace

“Lord Clan Chief.”

At this moment, a silhouette suddenly flew right before the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief.

The person was a Supreme Elder of the Dragon Clan.

This Supreme Elder was on close terms with the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief, such that even though the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief had come to this place in secret, he still informed this Supreme Elder before heading out.

It was so that the Supreme Elder knew where to look for him if something were to crop up.

And the reason why the elder had come over to look for him was also due to the terrifying golden radiance that was in the sky a moment ago.

Given that such a serious matter had befallen their Dragon Clan, it went without saying that they should discuss it with the Clan Chief so as to decide their next course of action.

The Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief didn’t hide the truth from the Supreme Elder, choosing to tell him everything honestly.

“It’s the doing of a Hidden Dragon Elder from the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect?”

Upon learning the entire situation, the Supreme Elder was stunned.

He had long heard about the Ten Great Hidden Dragon Elders of the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect, but all this while, he thought that the strength of those Hidden Dragon Elders would only be on par with him at the very most. Perhaps, they might be beneath him even.

However, from the looks of it, it appeared that he had been sorely mistaken.

If even their Clan Chief was no match for the Hidden Dragon Elder, he wouldn’t stand a chance at all.

So, he couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief after hearing that the other party had left. At the very least, the Dragon Clan wasn’t in danger anymore.

“Right, Lord Clan Chief. There’s another matter that I have to report to you. There has been a response from the Godwish Pearls,” the Supreme Elder suddenly said.

“Is that true? Supreme Elder, are you certain about it?”

Hearing those words, Long Xiaoxiao suddenly became exceptionally excited. She walked straight over to the Supreme Elder and grabbed the latter’s sleeves in agitation.

“I’m certain about it, Princess Xiaoxiao. The Godwish Pearls have indeed reacted. You can head over to the Godwish Palace and undergo the training there now,” the Supreme Elder replied with a smile on his lips.

At the same time, joyous looks appeared on the faces of Long Xiaoxiao’s mother and the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief too. It could be seen that they bore great expectations for the so-called Godwish Palace too.

“Father, I would like to head there together with little benefactor,” Long Xiaoxiao suddenly turned to the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief and said.

Those words immediately brought a conflicted look to the face of the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief.

“Xiaoxiao, the slots have already been determined beforehand. You’ll be heading there with your elder brother, Long Tian. I can’t explain it to him if I were to suddenly stop him from going,” the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief said.

“Father, you’re the Clan Chief. There’s no one who dares not listen to your orders. I don’t care, I have to go with little benefactor. If little benefactor doesn’t go, I won’t go either. I’ll follow wherever little benefactor goes!” Long Xiaoxiao pouted in displeasure.

“This...”

The Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief looked even more conflicted than before.

Right now, the thing that he was the most afraid of was Long Xiaoxiao leaving the Dragon Clan. After all, the latter was the hope for their Dragon Clan to rise through the ranks.

Long Xiaoxiao knew it as well, and that was why she was intentionally raising the matter to threaten her father.

And just as she expected, the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief hesitated right after hearing those words.

“Little benefactor, don’t leave first. Let’s go to the Godwish Palace together.”

Long Xiaoxiao immediately exploited this opportunity to head over to Chu Feng’s side and look at him close-up. Her beautiful eyes were gleaming with expectations, reflecting her wish that Chu Feng could head there together with her.

“What kind of place is the Godwish Palace?” Chu Feng asked curiously.

So, Long Xiaoxiao began to explain the origin of the so-called Godwish Palace.

The master of the Godwish Palace was a hidden expert who was tremendously strong, and she was known in the world as the Godwish Grandmother.

Her strength had reached a level where it was completely unfathomable by the world.

Back then, the Holy Light Clan’s Clan Chief had a younger brother whom he doted on a lot serving as a Supreme Elder within the clan.

With the favor of the Holy Light Clan’s Clan Chief and his superior strength, this Supreme Elder feared nothing in the world at all. There was no one who feared him during those times.

Putting aside other powers, even those within the Holy Light Clan would try to steer clear of him out of fear of him. No one dared to offend him at all.

Due to this, the Supreme Elder eventually came to become an extremely domineering individual. As years passed, instead of maturing as an adult, he ended up committing all kinds of vile deeds instead. There was no one in the world whom he gave any respect to other than the Holy Light Clan’s Clan Chief.

There was one incident where this Supreme Elder insulted the Godwish Grandmother and offended her. When the Godiwsh Grandmother learned about this matter, she charged into the Holy Light Clan and caused a huge uproar all by herself.

Eventually, the Holy Light Clan’s Clan Chief had no choice but to kill that Supreme Elder with his own hands before this matter finally came to a rest.

One must know that the Supreme Elder was the Holy Light Clan’s Clan Chief blood-related brother!

The Holy Light Clan’s Clan Chief had never explicitly admitted to the matter, but again, who would dare to poke at the sore spot of the Holy Light Clan? In any case, it was a fact that no one had seen that Supreme Elder ever since that day. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Through this, it wasn’t hard to see just how frighteningly powerful the Godwish Grandmother was. With her own prowess, she was able to force the entire Holy Light Clan into submission.

Just this feat itself was enough for her name to put down in the annals of history as a legendary figure.

However, one thing noteworthy about the Godwish Grandmother was that even though she was extremely powerful, she was not native to the Holy Light Galaxy.

Or to be more exact, there was no one who knew for certain where she came from. Her background was shrouded in mysteries.

However, that was not important at this point in time. What the most important thing was that her Godwish Palace was extremely well-known in the world too.

Every decade, the Godwish Grandmother would scatter eight Godwish Pearls across a certain galaxy, and those who could obtain any one of these Godwish Pearls would be allowed to enter the Godwish Palace to undergo training.

However, this opportunity was open only to the younger generation.

The opportunity to train in the Godwish Palace had many benefits. One could obtain top-notch martial skills, raise one’s cultivation, and possibly even obtain legendary treasures.

On top of that, there would be a chance for these people to undergo the final trial too.

If they could clear the final trial, they would be able to make a wish to the Godwish Grandmother. Regardless of what the wish was, as long as it was reasonable, the Godwish Grandmother would do her best to fulfill it.

And this was also the reason why the Godwish Palace was so famous.

It just so happened that the Dragon Clan happened to obtain two Godwish Pearls out of luck. The reaction of the Godwish Pearls meant that the location of the Godwish Palace would finally be revealed through the pearls.

As long as they followed the instructions on the Godwish Pearls, they would surely be able to get to the Godwish Palace.

Of course, if they wanted to enter the Godwish Palace, the other six people in possession of the Godwish Pearls must be present too.

Only when all eight Godwish Pearls were gathered would the doors leading into the Godwish Palace finally open.