Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4420: Growing Up

A furious gale had been raging within this desert. Yellow sand rose and fell across the lands, creating barren lands that extended all the way where the eye could see.

Not only were there no plants, the entire area was also monotonous in color. All one could see was cloaked in yellow sand.

However, following the direction pointed out by the Godwish Pearl, Chu Feng and Long Xiaoxiao actually found a forest ahead of them.

The green forest was rather small in size, roughly a thousand square meters large.

However, the fact that it had appeared here was bizarre in itself. How could there be a forest in the midst of a desert?

Furthermore, even though this forest was small, it was lush and vibrant. It could be seen that they were growing well despite the arid conditions around.

If one were to listen closely, one could even hear the sound of trickling water, the call of the birds, and the cries of animals.

This cast another layer of mystery over the forest.

How could such a small forest have so many animals and a stream?

Chu Feng and Long Xiaoxiao glanced at one another and smiled. Not only were they not afraid, they were also filled with anticipation as to what they would see next.

This was because the Godwish Pearl was pointing right into the forest at the moment.

So, without any hesitation, they landed on the ground and began venturing into the forest.

As soon as they entered, they realized that the forest was far larger than what they saw on the outside. It could be described with the word ‘boundless’.

In fact, even after they flew into the sky, they still found themselves unable to see the end of the forest. It was a completely different sight from what they saw from before.

This made Chu Feng and Long Xiaoxiao understand that it was no simple forest. Most likely, it was a particularly advanced formation too.

Chu Feng had the ability to create an artificial world through his formations too, but the artificial world could only be entered through a spirit formation gate. He still wasn’t strong enough to create the artificial world right within the real world yet.

However, the forest before him had already reached that level. It was very much existent within the real world, and it could be accessed without relying on a spirit formation gate. However, only those who had set foot into the forest would know that there was more to the forest that what they could on the outside.

However, what that reassured the two was that despite having entered the forest, the Godwish Pearl was still pointing out directions to them.

Following the directions given to them, Chu Feng and Long Xiaoxiao traveled for quite a while before they finally saw a building.

It was a white house that appeared to be a hundred meters square at most. The walls were of the color of unblemished white snow, and the roof was made out of stacks of hay placed neatly alongside one another.

Despite its simple design, the house looked exquisite and refreshing to the eye.

One thing that was noteworthy was that even though this house wasn’t too big, it had four doors but no windows.

Every single door was made out of wood, but Chu Feng was unable to see through it even with his Heaven’s Eyes.

Or to be more exact, he couldn’t see through the house in itself. He wasn’t able to tell what was hidden within it.

As for what the origin of the house is, in truth, a stone tablet erected at the entrance of the house had already given them the answer.

The words inscribed on the stone tablet were ‘Godwish Palace’!

“Hoh, those from the Dragon Clan is here.”

Before Chu Feng and Long Xiaoxiao could take a closer look at the Godwish Palace, a voice sounded not too far away from the Godwish Palace.

The area around the Godwish Palace was an empty clearing without any trees or plants at all, and there were four people within this clearing.

They were all men, and they were taking up two of the corners in pairs.

Of them, there were two men who had decent appearances. They were dressed in white robes with lightning marks embroidered exquisitely on it.

The tokens hanging on their waist spoke their identities out loud.

They were from the Yu Heavenly Clan, the strongest Heavenly Clan within the Holy Light Galaxy. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

As for the other pair, they looked a little more peculiar with one huge and one skinny.

The skinny one was five meters tall, and his face was pale to the extent where one would really wonder if blood really flowed through his body. His facial features were quite dashing, giving him a devilish look.

As for the huge one, he was huge because he was simply too well-built. His shoulders were five meters wide, and it felt like his palm was over a meter long. His height surpassed even ten meters, making him taller than his skinny companion.

As for his appearance, he had quite a ferocious look.

Despite so, it was understandable why they would have such peculiar looks. The two of them weren’t humans but monstrous beasts.

The humanlike form was simply a transmogrification of theirs.

Without a doubt, they were the younger generation members of the Monstrous Herd Temple.

Seeing the four of them, Chu Feng couldn’t help but fall into deep thoughts. He remembered about the various classification of strength within the Holy Light Galaxy he had learned from the Ox-nosed Old Daoist, and they were as followed:

The Six Upper Starfields.

The Thirty Middle Starfields.

The Fifty Lower Starfields.

The Ten Abandoned Starfields.

When the Ancestral Martial Starfield was one of the Ten Abandoned Starfields, Chu Feng couldn’t but feel how small and insignificant he was.

Back then, even those from the Middle Starfields were absolutely powerful existences to Chu Feng, let alone those from the Upper Starfields.

He had come a long way since then, such that he could undergo training alongside the young prodigies of the colossuses that ruled over the galaxy.

While it was Long Xiaoxiao who brought this opportunity to him, it would still be futile if he didn’t have the strength to grasp it himself.

While he had gone through many problems along the way, when he saw the four men of noble background standing in the clearing, he couldn’t help but think about how much he had grown since then.

He wasn’t entirely satisfied with how fast he was growing, but nevertheless, he was making advancements over time.

Back then, when he first returned to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, even the geniuses of the Chu Heavenly Clan were superior to him, let alone Ancestral Martial Decastars like Linghu Hongfei,

However, putting aside his peers from the Chu Heavenly Clan, not even the Ancestral Martial Decastars were able to match up to Chu Feng anymore.

Other than the geniuses from the Holy Light Clan and Hidden Dragon Martial Sect, the only ones who had a fighting chance against Chu Feng were the geniuses from the Dragon Clan, Yu Heavenly Clan, Cloudsky Immortal Sect, and Monstrous Herd Temple.