Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4460: Finally Meeting the Hero’s Sword

“I get it. It’s due to the Immemorial Hero’s Sword! It’s a weapon that’s only worthy of heroes, and heroes are expected to have deep compassion for the masses.

“How could that lad possibly be so magnanimous as to let me off that easily? He’s just putting on an act so as to ensure that he would obtain the Immemorial Hero’s Sword without a hitch!”

The disciple of the Godwish Grandmother was initially perplexed as to why Chu Feng was letting her go, but soon, she found a reason behind that. This realization made her even more infuriated as she felt that she had been used by Chu Feng.

She took in a deep breath before getting back up to her feet and heading further into the cavern. Even though she had been outdone by Chu Feng, she had no intention of letting the Immemorial Hero’s Sword go just like that.

Her journey into the depths of the cavern was not smooth at all. There were plenty of challenges that stood in her way.

Of course, these challenges couldn’t possibly stop the disciple of the Godwish Grandmother, but they ended up slowing her down considerably.

It took her some time before she managed to overcome all of the challenges and arrive at the deepest region of the cavern. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Three lakes stood right before her.

These three lakes weren’t too big, and their waters were blue, red, and white in color respectively. Despite being colored, their waters were still transparent, and she could see to the bottom of the lakes without any trouble.

There were rows after rows of runes inscribed at the bottom of the lake.

The disciple of the Godwish Grandmother knew that these runes held the secrets regarding the lakes. She had to decipher them in order to know what it was that she was supposed to do.

Soon enough, she managed to decipher those runes.

As it turned out, there were hidden passageways concealed within the three lakes.

The passageway of the blue lake led to where the Immemorial Hero’s Sword was.

The passageway of the red lake led to the entrance of the Ancient Era’s Tomb of Armaments. In other words, she would be able to pick another weapon and try again.

The passageway of the white lake led to the exit of the Ancient Era’s Tomb of Armaments.

It was just that if a cultivator were to pick the passageway of the blue lake or the red lake, they would have to undergo a trial. Only when they cleared the trial would they be able to successfully pass through the passageway.

However, it was different for the white lake. There was no trial hidden in there. One would be able to leave easily just by jumping into the lake water.

To put it simply, if she wanted to leave right now, she could do so without facing any danger.

On the other hand, if she wished to obtain the Immemorial Hero’s Sword or the right to obtain another weapon, she would have to pay a price for the opportunity.

The eyes of the Godwish Grandmother wavered between the blue lake and the red lake.

From the very start, the white lake had never been in her field of consideration because she couldn’t afford to leave this place empty-handed.

However, she wasn’t certain whether she should continue going for the Immemorial Hero’s Sword or pick another weapon.

She feared that if she were to insist on going with the Immemorial Hero’s Sword, she might end up losing to Chu Feng. By then, she wouldn’t even have the chance to choose another weapon anymore.

On the other hand, she felt far too indignant to simply give up on the Immemorial Hero’s Sword just like this.

Eventually, the disciple of the Godwish Grandmother muttered very reluctantly to herself, “You darned brat, I’ll let you go today!”

She decided to pick the safer route instead of vying with Chu Feng.

Having made up her mind, she leaped right into the red lake.

Splish splash!

As soon as she entered the lake, a flicker of flame suddenly ignited at the center of the lake, and the figure of the disciple of the Godwish Grandmother grew smaller and smaller.

Even though the lake appeared to be small on the exterior, it actually concealed an entire world within it, and it was a world filled with dangers at that.

Nevertheless, the decision made by the disciple of the Godwish Grandmother was the right one.

Had she insisted on obtaining the Immemorial Hero’s Sword, she would have to return without anything in hand. That was because Chu Feng had already cleared the trial of the blue lake and was currently walking into a magnificent hall.

This hall, be it the ceiling of the floor, was made up entirely of blue stones. There were murals inscribed along the walls of the hall, and a divine aura seemed to linger in this area.

Chu Feng could tell that even though this hall was no ordinary place, the aura that suffused this location was not from the Immemorial Era but the Ancient Era.

The only exception to that was a sword placed at the very end of the hall.

This sword was forged out of silver materials from its blade to its hilt. Its blade was around 1.6 meters long, and its hilt was around 30 centimeters. Its width wasn’t too wide, making it look more like a long sword.

There were no elaborate carvings on it except for three characters inscribed on its blade. These characters were ancient, very different from the characters used nowadays.

Despite so, Chu Feng thought that the characters might have come from the Immemorial Era. This was based on his deduction that these three characters wrote ‘The Hero’s Sword’.

The silver sword looked insignificant in comparison to the magnificent hall that it was in, and yet, it was located on an exquisite mound at the very depths of the hall.

It looked as if this entire hall was centered around the sword, built specifically for the purpose of highlighting its splendor.

It was the true star of this hall.

Weng!

In the instant that Chu Feng appeared in this hall, the Hero’s Sword floated into the air and drifted right before Chu Feng, as if acknowledging him as its master.

Chu Feng was feeling deeply agitated and nervous at this moment. He stretched his hand forth and grabbed this legendary weapon that came from the Immemorial Era.

In the very moment that his hand came into contact with the weapon, he could already sense the terrifying power it concealed within its humble body. It was a might that no Incomplete Exalted Armament could compete with.

If he could release sword rays with this sword, he would be able to sweep through hordes of enemies with ease.

But at the same time, he also realized that he was unable to draw out the power of the sword at all even though he could sense its might.

To put it in simpler terms, if he were to use this Immemorial Hero’s Sword in a fight, it would be no different from him brandishing scrap metal around.