Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4524: Meeting a Close Friend

Unwilling to let matters rest just like that, Chu Feng began calling for the other party again.

But this time around, no matter how he shouted and what he said, the black shadow didn’t respond at all. From this, he knew that the black shadow had really left the area.

Left with no choice, Chu Feng picked up the scroll and unrolled it, only to see that it was a painting of a scenery. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The scenery depicted was the opening of a volcano, and the volcano was located in the midst of mountain range. The peak of the volcano was so high that it sat well above the sea of clouds.

Even though the mountain range all around was covered in greenery, the top of the volcano was cloaked in a layer of snow.

It was a rather beautiful painting if one were to look at it by itself.

“Are my clan members trapped here?” Chu Feng thought.

If his clan members were really trapped here, it would appear that they were still safe from harm for the time being. At the very least, it didn’t seem like anything would happen to them anytime soon.

Nevertheless, Chu Feng had already begun looking through his mind to find if there was any place he knew of that had a scenery similar to what was depicted on the painting.

Having traveled far and wide, he had been to plenty of places and seen many beautiful sceneries. With his outstanding memory, he was still able to remember most places that he had been to.

As such, Chu Feng was certain that he had never been to this place before.

However, he couldn’t just sit idly and wait for things to happen.

So, he decided to head to a place first—Ancestral Martial Dragon City—and pay a visit to Long Daozhi.

Long Daozhi had quite some knowledge of the Ancestral Martial Starfield and the entire Holy Light Galaxy. There was a chance that he might know the place depicted in the painting. Not to mention, Chu Feng had also prepared a gift for Long Daozhi, the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock.

The Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock was a cultivation treasure that could only be opened by one from the Dragon Clan.

Back then, Long Xiaoxiao requested a favor for him to open the remnant where the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock was located, and it just so happened that the remnant was left behind by the Ox-nosed Old Daoist.

In truth, even before Long Xiaoxiao and the others attempted to open the remnant, the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock had already been taken away by the Ox-nosed Old Daoist, meaning that it was a futile trip right from the start. On top of that, they were nearly killed by the disciple of the Dao Enlightenment Sage Exalted, All-seeing Heavenly Master.

After that, when Chu Feng told the Ox-nosed Old Daoist what Long Xiaoxiao and the others had been through, the Ox-nosed Old Daoist unhesitatingly gave the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock to Chu Feng.

Initially, Chu Feng was still hesitating who he should give it to, especially since the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock was useful to both Long Xiaoxiao and Long Daozhi.

But soon after, Long Xiaoxiao managed to assimilate the Dragon Vein Source under the help of Chu Feng and the Ox-nosed Old Daoist. A treasure like the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock wouldn’t be of much use to her anymore.

So, Chu Feng chose to keep the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock with him, thinking that he would pass it to Long Daozhi sometime in the future. After all, Long Daozhi had saved Chu Feng and the Chu Heavenly Clan on many occasions, making him a huge benefactor to them.

As compared to Long Xiaoxiao, what he owed Long Daozhi was far greater, and it went without saying that he had to repay this debt.

As such, Chu Feng began setting off to the Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

With the treasures he had on hand and his superior spirit power, Chu Feng was able to travel much faster than before. It didn’t take him too long to teleport over to the world where the Ancestral Martial Dragon City was located through the ancient teleportation formation.

The Ancestral Martial Dragon City was located in a large world with vast expanse of land, but there were no other powers here except for the Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

The reason behind that was due to the primitive environment of the world. It was filled with towering trees, and the cries of beasts could be heard here and there. In contrast, there were barely any resplendent palaces to be seen.

This was the first time Chu Feng was coming to this world, but as Long Daozhi had once given him a token and a map, he was still able to navigate his way around without much hassle.

“A phenomenon? It seems like someone is opening a remnant?”

Chu Feng suddenly noticed traces of concealed aura and a slight flicker of light amidst the mountain range ahead of him, a sign that usually symbolized the emergence of a treasure.

From the fluctuations in the aura and the flickering light, Chu Feng deduced that someone was trying to dig out the treasure at the moment.

“Is it someone from the Ancestral Martial Dragon City?” Chu Feng thought as he began making his way toward where the phenomenon was occurring from.

Due to Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eye, he was able to see much farther than ordinary cultivators. Despite being a long distance away from where the treasure was, he was still able to see what was happening there clearly.

“It’s them?” Chu Feng murmured to himself with some hints of astonishment and joy in his tone.

There was indeed a remnant located in the middle of the mountain range. It didn’t seem like the remnant was new; it had already been opened before in the past.

There was a group of people gathered around the closed remnant, trying to open it once more. They had the key to the remnant on them, so opening the remnant wouldn’t pose any problem to them at all. It was just that it would take a bit of time.

However, what was worth noting that this group of people weren’t from the Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

Instead, they were from the Starfall Holy Land.

What kind of place was the Starfall Holy Land?

Leaving out the Chu Heavenly Clan, it was the strongest power in the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm.

Back then, when Chu Feng first ascended from the Hundred Refinements Ordinary Realm to the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm, he happened to have quite a few encounters with the Starfall Holy Land.

But back to the topic at hand, why would those from the Starfall Holy Land come over to the Ancestral Martial Dragon City to open a remnant?

After all, the Ancestral Martial Dragon City was known to be the strongest power of the Ancestral Martial Starfield.

Before the colossus known as the Ancestral Martial Dragon City, a power of the caliber of the Starfall Holy Land was not even worth a mention at all.

Logically speaking, those from the Starfall Holy Land shouldn’t even dare to trespass on the territory of the Ancestral Martial Dragon City, let alone open a remnant on their territory!

It was for this reason that Chu Feng felt deeply bewildered.

Despite so, Chu Feng still felt a little joyful because he actually saw some familiar faces amidst the crowd from the Starfall Holy Land.

There was a particularly beautiful woman dressed in a white skirt that looked reminiscent of a fairy. She was the Holy Daughter of the Starfall Holy Land, Xia Yun’er.

She was also a close friend of Chu Feng’s too.