Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4538: Storm Realm

The location for the tournament was the strongest and largest starfield in the Holy Light Galaxy, Holy Light Starfield.

As the home of the Holy Light Clan, there was no other power that dared to expand their influence into the Holy Light Starfield, making the Holy Light Clan the sole dominant power there.

But that being said, there were only so many members in the Holy Light Clan to rule over the massive Holy Light Starfield.

The home base of operations to the Holy Light Clan was a place known as the Ancient Martial Realm, but the upcoming tournament was going to be held not in the Ancient Martial Realm but another place known as the Storm Realm.

The Storm Realm was a slightly unusual realm amidst the vast galaxy.

It was often covered in storm clouds, and snowstorms were commonplace. As a result of that, its land was covered in a thick layer of snow, and the temperature was extraordinarily low.

It was impossible to discern day and night, or see the sun, moon, and stars in the Storm Realm.

Such realms were unsuitable for cultivators to live in, so it would usually be left barren.

After all, most cultivators pursued a transcendental lifestyle, preferring to surround themselves amidst beautiful sceneries. The more heavenly a place looked, the more likely it was for cultivators to settle down there.

The Storm Realm was clearly not a place where most cultivators would dream of settling down at.

Yet, an incredibly powerful clan had once risen up from this land—the Rampaging Storm Clan.

The Rampaging Storm Clan was an extremely bloodthirsty and cold clan. It was extremely strict on its own clan members.

Every single clan member would be put through an aptitude test right after their birth. Those who met the mark would be accepted into the clan, trained to be future warriors.

As for those who failed, the plight that befell them was miserable. They would be killed and forged into cultivation resources for the growth of the other clan members.

If one were to look at the Rampaging Storm Clan from its practices, it was practically no different from demonic sects.

However, there was no one who could deny that the Rampaging Storm Clan was an incredibly powerful and feared existence. In the time right after the Ancient Era, when this galaxy was at its peak, the Rampaging Storm Clan was ranked amongst one of the top powers.

Even the current Holy Light Clan couldn’t even hold a candle to the Rampaging Storm Clan back then.

It was just that at some point in time, for unknown reasons, the Rampaging Storm Clan vanished from the face of the world.

No one knew the reason behind its disappearance. To this date, it remained a mystery.

...

After a long travel in the teleportation formation, Chu Feng and his group of people finally stepped onto the ground of the Storm Realm.

“This is the Storm Realm? It’s really the same as the rumors!”

As soon as Chu Feng stepped out from the teleportation formation, he began observing the world around him.

This realm was cloaked in a layer of snow and frost, but the sky was pitch-black. A thick layer of storm clouds harnessing crackling lightning had sealed off the entire sky, making it impossible to see other realms from here.

It was fortunate that there were lighthouses built by cultivators here and there that brought some illumination. These lighthouses were all over ten thousand meters tall, and they were distributed equally over the lands. Due to that, visibility was not an issue.

If not for the lighthouses, the only source of light would have been the occasional spark of lightning from the clouds. Under such circumstances, even the white snow would look no more than a murky swamp.

Under the illumination of the lighthouses, Chu Feng saw the silhouettes of countless cultivators, both on land and in the sky. Even with a quick glance, it looked nothing like the barren land depicted in the rumors.

In fact, in Chu Feng’s long journey through many realms, he had never seen such huge crowds congregating in a single realm before.

Needless to say, these people were here for the grand tournament that was going to be held here very soon. This was a major event for all juniors in the Holy Light Galaxy!

Regardless of whether one was from a Lower Starfield, Middle Starfield, or Upper Starfield, everyone wished to witness with their own eyes the birth of a new legend amongst the juniors.

The incredible bustle here awed even Long Xiaoxiao, Long Ning, Kong Tianhui, and the others, and they couldn’t help but feel even greater anticipation for the upcoming tournament.

On the other hand, Chu Feng’s thoughts were wandering in another direction. He recalled a few friends he had made a while back, the Mystic Cave Saints.

Chu Feng first met them in the Reincarnation Upper Realm, when he was paying a visit to Master Yuan Shu.

His first impression of the Mystic Cave Saints wasn’t too good. He thought that they only cared about their own self-interests, and that they were scheming and despicable.

It was only when Chu Feng really came into contact with them that he realized that the Mystic Cave Saints actually weren’t that bad. On the contrary, if they considered you as a friend, they would be the most loyal buddies you would ever have.

Due to several incidents that necessitated their cooperation with one another, Chu Feng ended up becoming friends with them. Eventually, they even barged into the gravesite of the Great Monstrous Slayer Emperor together.

It was there that Chu Feng finally learned about the tragic history behind the Mystic Cave Saints.

They were initially born to an extremely powerful clan known as the Mystic Cave Clan. However, the Mystic Cave Clan was massacred by an even greater power, who happened to be the previous owner of this Storm Realm, the Rampaging Storm Clan.

As Chu Feng thought of the Mystic Cave Saints as his friend, he inevitably viewed the Rampaging Storm Clan as his enemies. While it was true that the Rampaging Storm Clan had already vanished from the world for many years, Chu Feng still couldn’t help but feel a little heavy inside stepping on the place where they once called home.

But before Chu Feng could really take a closer look at this realm, he found himself in a position where he had to quickly leave the area.

The Dragon Clan was one of the strongest powers in the Holy Light Galaxy, after all.

As such, their appearance immediately caught the attention of the cultivators that had gathered around the teleportation formation, and a few individuals who had some past ties with the Dragon Clan immediately began approaching them, hoping to make use of this opportunity to build up closer ties.

However, the Dragon Clan was not interested in dealing with this at the moment. So, they quickly set off and headed toward a place known as the Coiling Dragon Snow Mountain.

Despite its grand name, the Coiling Dragon Snow Mountain was a completely barren land that had no treasures or even beautiful scenery to speak of. The reason why it was named so was due to the mountain resembling a dragon coiling on the land.

The Dragon Clan chose to head here because this was the place which they had agreed on with the Yu Heavenly Clan, Monstrous Herd Temple, and Cloudsky Immortal Sect to gather at.

...

Massive war chariots flew across the air as the army of the Dragon Clan made their way toward the Coiling Dragon Snow Mountain.

A figure was standing at the vantage point of the largest war chariot, and he was no other than Chu Feng.

He was finally able to take a good look at the Storm Realm and enjoy some rare private time to himself. It was really a relief that he was finally freed from Long Xiaoxiao and Kong Tianhui, who were both scarily clingy at times.

It was not to say that he didn’t enjoy his time with them, but he would still like to have some time to himself occasionally.

Unfortunately for him, before he could really indulge in his alone time, he noticed a few people approaching him. He wasn’t really repulsed though since these were familiar faces to him.

Long Daozhi, Long Ning, and the elders from the Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

There was also an old friend amongst them too, and that was the strongest world spiritist of the Ancestral Martial Starfield, Master Long Xuan.

In any case, one could say that the most influential figures of the Ancestral Martial Dragon City were all right here at this very moment.

“Long Ning, you should stop your father and your elders. You know that I’d feel uncomfortable if they suddenly start thanking me or something,” Chu Feng turned to Long Ning and urged her.

He was saying these words because he noticed that Long Daozhi and the crowd from the Ancestral Martial Dragon City all had a solemn look on their faces at this very moment. From this, he figured out that they must have come here to thank him for his aid in helping them return to the Dragon Clan.

Even though Chu Feng managed to make the first move, it was still to no avail. Long Daozhi still led everyone over and bowed down to Chu Feng deeply as a symbol of gratitude.

Faced with such a situation, Chu Feng could only heave a helpless sigh and accept their gesture. He knew that they would probably feel uncomfortable if he didn’t accept this formality.

Following that, they sat down together and began chatting leisurely.

It was just that the conversation was no longer as natural as it was before. Nine out of ten sentences spoken were either direct or masked compliments toward Chu Feng.

Those who were here at this very moment had witnessed Chu Feng’s growth over time, and they knew deep well that he was not someone who could be constrained by limits. Despite so, it was still beyond their imagination that he could advance through the ranks so quickly.

Of course, Chu Feng felt deeply uncomfortable to see his friends and elders talking to him in such a manner, so he quickly changed the topic.

“I almost forgot. Elder, I have prepared a gift for you.”

As Chu Feng spoke, he took out the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock.

“Great heaven! Isn’t that the legendary Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock?”

Long Daozhi and Master Long Xuan gasped in astonishment as soon as they caught sight of the item, and their eyes glowed with excitement.

It was clear that they recognized this item.

“It looks like the two of you recognize it. Since that’s the case, I’ll spare myself from the trouble of introducing it. Elder, I believe that this item will be useful to you. I won’t be able to put it to good use anyway if I keep it with me, so I ask you to accept it.”

Chu Feng said as he pushed the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock over to Long Daozhi.

“That won’t do. How can I accept something this valuable?”

Long Daozhi waved his hand frantically as he rejected Chu Feng’s gift. He couldn’t bring himself to accept it, especially since he, as a member of the Dragon Clan, knew just how valuable it was.

“Elder, please don’t stand on ceremony with me. If not for your help back then, I wouldn’t be here today,” Chu Feng insisted as he forcefully placed the Triple Dragon Coiling Soul Lock into Long Daozhi’s hands.

Faced with Chu Feng’s obstinacy, Long Daozhi could only accept it.

While he felt undeserving to accept this invaluable gift, it didn’t stop his eyes from glowing anticipation when it fell into his hands.

It wasn’t just Long Daozhi who was reacting in such a manner. Master Long Xuan and the others were also staring at it fixedly, unable to tear their eyes away from it.

Chu Feng also felt pleased to see that Long Daozhi and the others were delighted by his gift.

Previously, when Long Daozhi stepped in and saved him and the Chu Heavenly Clan, Chu Feng swore to him that he would definitely return the favor in the future.

And now, he had finally fulfilled the vow he had made back then.

“Little benefactor!”

A voice that was deeply familiar to Chu Feng suddenly sounded from below. He had heard this voice countless times over in recent days.

And when he gazed downward to take a look, he saw Long Xiaoxiao looking up at him with a beaming smile.

It was said that a person’s eyes would glow when she was looking at a person she fancied, and the eyes that Long Xiaoxiao looked at Chu Feng with was indubitably glowing.

“Paying respects to Your Highness!”

Long Daozhi and the others quickly stood up and bowed formally to Long Xiaoxiao.

“Elder Long, there’s no need to stand on ceremony with me. You’re my little benefactor’s benefactor, which makes you my benefactor too. Remember this, if anyone dares to bully you in the Dragon Clan in the future, make sure to tell me. I’ll stand up for you!” Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

After saying those words, Long Xiaoxiao charged forth to wrap her hand around Chu Feng’s arm as she said, “Little benefactor, come with me for a moment. There’s something that I need to tell you.”

“What is it? Is it inconvenient for you to speak here?” Chu Feng asked.

“Yes, it’s inconvenient.”

Long Xiaoxiao said as she forcefully dragged Chu Feng away with her.

“This lad Chu Feng... He has indeed not let me down. He has really... grown up now. He’s now a huge figure in the Holy Light Galaxy. It’s just a pity that I didn’t get the chance to see Chu Feng crossing blows with the Flying Feather Heavenly Sect’s sectmaster,” remarked Master Long Xuan lamentably.

Master Long Xuan had something up previously, so he wasn’t at the Ancestral Martial Dragon City when it all happened. It was only after the arrival of the Dragon Clan that he managed to make it back to the Ancestral Martial Dragon City.

Due to that, he only heard about the conflict that had transpired between Chu Feng and the Flying Feather Heavenly Sect from others.