Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4541: Battling the Sculpture

Yin Zhuanghong’s current cultivation had already reached rank one Utmost Exalted level.

While it was still nowhere up to par with her younger sister, considering her cultivation back then, the rate at which she was growing was nothing short of terrifying.

Chu Feng first greeted Han Xiu and the others before turning his gaze to Yin Zhuanghong, saying, “You sure grew fast. Looks like you have been faring well as the Cloudsky Immortal Sect!”

“So says the real monster here,” Yin Zhuanghong replied.

“Oh? Who are you talking about?” Chu Feng asked with a smile.

“Hah, you’re asking the obvious.”

Yin Zhuanghong shot Chu Feng a disdainful look, but a smile had slowly crept onto her usually wintry face. It was a faint smile, but it was deeply entrancing.

All of the men present felt as if they had just taken a shot to their heart.

It wasn’t just because of how beautiful Yin Zhuanghong’s smile but how rare she revealed it, which only made her smile even more precious.

“Young friend Chu Feng, I have long heard of your name. It’s a pleasure to be able to meet you today!”

A masculine voice suddenly sounded from the depths of a garden

Chu Feng turned his gaze over and saw a white-robed middle-aged man holding a paper fan in his hand walking over. While he looked to be a middle-aged man, it was likely that he was far older than his appearance suggested.

As soon as this white-robed middle-aged man walked out, everyone in the Cloudsky Immortal Sect quickly bowed down deeply to pay respects to him, including Han Xiu and the others.

Judging from their response, the identity of this white-robed middle-aged man was made apparent to Chu Feng.

He was no other than the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect.

The Cloudsky Immortal Sect might have come to power later than the Dragon Clan and the other major powers, but anyone who dared to underestimate them would come to regret their decision.

Even Supreme Elder Zhao Chunqiu of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect was already an expert on par with the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief and the others, so there was no doubt that the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect would be even more powerful.

Due to that, Chu Feng did look forward a bit to meeting the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect, and he wasn’t disappointed by what he saw.

Unlike the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief, the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect didn’t command the aura of a conqueror that gazed down on the world. On the contrary, he gave off the impression of a gentle person, someone who had no fangs to bare.

Despite so, Chu Feng felt something unfathomable inside the other party. At the very least, he was unable to see through just how powerful the other party was.

That being said, he felt that the strength of the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect surpassed that of the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief and the others.

“Junior Chu Feng pays respects to the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect.”

Knowing the other party’s true identity, Chu Feng quickly bowed down and greeted him, not daring to show any disrespect at all.

On the other hand, the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect quickly stepped forward to support Chu Feng up.

Following that, the mysterious sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect began complimenting Chu Feng unreservedly. Perhaps it was to win Chu Feng’s goodwill, he brought up Yin Zhuanghong many times and expressed the high expectations he had for her.

He also mentioned that he was the one who brought Han Xiu and the others over.

To put it in simpler words, the Red-dress Holy Land was currently under the protection of the behemoth known as the Cloudsky Immortal Sect

Truth be told, it was indeed a pleasant surprise for Chu Feng to have been able to meet Yin Zhuanghong, Han Xiu, and the others here today.

After conversing with Chu Feng for a while, the sectmaster of the Cloudsky Immortal Sect took his leave to pay his respects to the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief and the others.

Just like how the older generation had their own circle to chat with, juniors like Chu Feng also had their own circles too.

Due to Chu Feng’s widespread reputation, many of the juniors of major powers, including Yin Daifen, Yu Hong, and the others, had all gathered around him. Of course, they were still lacking in fighting prowess compared to Chu Feng, but nevertheless, they were still the top prodigies of their respective powers.

After chatting for a while, Chu Feng learned that while the Storm Realm had always been the territory of the Holy Light Clan, there were still quite a few legends surrounding it.

There were rumors that the Rampaging Storm Clan had left behind a sculpture, and this sculpture was a depiction of the strongest warrior of the Rampaging Storm Clan, dubbed as the Storm War God.

The Storm War God had been an almighty existence back then, and he was known to have never lost a fight. Even the sculpture he created was not to be underestimated.

There were rumors that the sculpture could bring forth a phenomenon, and that the greatest secret of the Rampaging Storm Clan was hidden inside the sculpture.

In any case, with rumors abound, even the juniors of major powers couldn’t help but be curious about it, let alone Kong Ci, Kong Tianhui, Long Ning, and the others.

There was still some time left before the start of the tournament, so someone suggested heading over to the sculpture of the Storm War God to take a look. In the end, Chu Feng, together with a group of juniors, began making their way toward the sculpture.

Those in the group knew that their identities could possibly bring about unintended disturbances, so they chose to disguise themselves and stow away the tokens that usually hung by their waist. This way, they would be able to pay a visit to the legendary Storm War God’s sculpture and admire it peacefully.

In truth, Long Xiaoxiao’s gesture wasn’t excessive either.

Perhaps it was because someone stumbled upon this place coincidentally, or that the legend regarding the sculpture had already spread far and wide, but there was already a huge crowd gathered in the area by the time they arrived.

Be it on land or in the sky, there were cultivators no matter where one looked.

Had Long Xiaoxiao and the others not kept their identity tokens, they would have surely caught the attention of the crowd around.

After all, the powers they belonged to were only second to the Holy Light Clan in the Holy Light Galaxy.

“Is that how the Rampaging Storm Clan looks like?”

The majestic sculpture gripped the hearts of the spectators, and there were even those that thought it looked divine. However, Chu Feng found himself viewing it in enmity.

That being said, he still proceeded on to observe the massive sculpture carefully.

The man depicted in the sculpture was armored, and he wielded two massive war hammers in his hands. He looked like a human from his outer appearance, but he had an excessively muscular physique that surpassed even that of ferocious beasts. It looked as if his entire body was pulsating with strength.

While Chu Feng carried hostility toward the sculpture, he had to admit that it did look intimidating, such that just the sight of the sculpture was enough to fill one’s heart with deference or even terror.

Boom!

It was at this moment that a loud rumbling suddenly sounded from the sky above.

The storm clouds that were looming above suddenly began funneling downward like a hurricane down into the Storm War God, fusing as one into it.

It felt like the storm was summoned by the powers of the Storm War God’s sculpture to wreak havoc upon the world.

The crowd immediately backed away out of fear.

But while there were some who were fearful of the storm clouds, there were also those who were excited by it.

“The rumors are actually true! The sculpture is really able to summon a phenomenon!”

“How incredible!”

Looking at how the powers of wind and lightning had engulfed the massive sculpture, Long Xiaoxiao and the others began to tremble in excitement too.

Under the roaring wind and rumbling lightning, the lifelike sculpture looked as if the sleeping war god had awakened from his long slumber, foreboding something ominous. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“Can we leave? I’m not getting a good feeling from this,” Kong Ci suddenly asked Chu Feng.

“It’s all just a show. What are you getting so scared for?”

Some people amongst the crowd grumbled, and there were even a few who shot looks of disdain toward Kong Ci.

Faced with such a situation, Kong Ci could only lower her head silently, not daring to say a word at all.

She might have been a lofty figure in the Ancestral Martial Starfield, but these were the most talented juniors of the Dragon Clan, Monstrous Herd Temple, Yu Heavenly Clan, and the Cloudsky Immortal Sect over here.

In terms of strength and standing, she couldn’t compare with them at all. Naturally, she didn’t think that she was worthy of speaking on equal terms with them.

“Kong Ci is my friend. Please watch your tone when you address her,” Chu Feng suddenly spoke up sharply.

Chu Feng’s words made those who were just putting down Kong Ci earlier on quickly shut their mouths, and some of them even began apologizing to her.

This alleviated the awkward look on Kong Ci’s face by a little.

After this short interjection, the crowd turned their sights back to the Storm War God’s sculpture.

“That is...?”

Chu Feng’s pupils dilated a little.

To his astonishment, he realized that there were some changes happening to the sculpture!