Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4550: The Start of the Gamble

Following that, Long Xiaoxiao and the others moved on to tell Chu Feng about the affairs surrounding Daoist Niantian.

As it turned out, it had been many years since Daoist Niantian went into seclusion, so it had been a long time since the Niantian Gambling Formation had appeared on the face of the world.

Daoist Niantian had once said that there were no longer any major events in the Holy Light Galaxy that was worthy of him activating the Niantian Gambling Formation.

To phrase his words in another manner, the fact that he was willing to activate his Niantian Gambling Formation once more likely meant that a huge event that could very well determine the future of the Holy Light Galaxy was going to happen very soon.

And the reappearance of Daoist Niantian here, where the tournament for the juniors was going to be held, likely meant that the things that Chu Feng and the others were going to do in the future would bring about huge changes in the world.

This was the second reason why Long Xiaoxiao and the others were so excited.

After hearing Long Xiaoxiao’s explanation, Chu Feng couldn’t help but look forward to the activating of the Niantian Gambling Formation.

While they were chatting with one another, a purple streak of light suddenly rose from the horizon before flowing outward at an incredible speed. It surged across the air in all directions, casting a brilliance so blinding across the lands that even the sun was put to shame.

In the blink of an eye, the purple light had already flitted past the heads of Chu Feng and the others to head even further off.

In just a few moments, the sky was already completely dyed purple. It looked so beautiful that even Chu Feng, who had seen all sorts of sceneries, couldn’t help but be amazed.

“It’s activating?”

Long Xiaoxiao and the others exclaimed in agitation upon seeing the purple light.

From their words, Chu Feng understood that the purple light was Daoist Niantian’s way to announce that the Niantian Gambling Formation had been activated.

The banquet was immediately put on a hold, and Chu Feng and the others quickly headed in the direction where the purple light had come from.

With Daoist Niantian’s imposing reputation and the words he had put out before he went into seclusion, everyone understood that the activation of this Niantian Gambling Formation was a prelude to something even greater.

As such, no one was willing to miss this precious opportunity to witness history being made before their eyes.

Nearly everyone who caught sight of the signal rushed over at the fastest time possible to where the Niantian Gambling Formation was.

The Niantian Gambling Formation was quite a distance away from where Chu Feng and the others were at, so by the time they arrived, there was already quite a huge crowd gathered around. That being said, there were still many more on their way over. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

In the blink of an eye, this snowy plains was already completely filled with cultivators, be it on land or in air.

Other than the Holy Light Clan, all of the notable powers of the Holy Light Galaxy had all gathered here.

However, Chu Feng’s attention was not on the crowd but the Niantian Gambling Formation floating above the snowy plains.

It was purely a formation made out of runes, so it didn’t have a tangible appearance. These runes were all emanating with faint purple light, irradiating the entire snowy plains under their glow

The translucent purple light appeared to be nothing formidable at first glance, but the power harnessed within them left Chu Feng deep in awe.

As a world spiritist himself, Chu Feng could tell that the Niantian Gambling Formation was indeed an incredibly formidable formation.

He was starting to understand why even powerhouses by the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief and the others were so respectful to Daoist Niantian. Even by conservative estimates, it was likely that Daoist Niantian’s strength was above that of the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief and the others.

As for whether Daoist Niantian was really on the same level as Old Man Compliance, Chu Feng dared not to say for sure. However, if he were to just evaluate it solely based on the prowess exerted by the formation, he would say that Daoist Niantian was indeed worthy of being considered as an equal to Old Man Compliance.

After all, those from the Holy Light Galaxy also didn’t have a clear idea of how powerful Old Man Compliance was. They were just gauging it relatively against other cultivators, and by such a standard, it would indeed be fair to put them on the same standing as one another.

After releasing the purple light, the Niantian Gambling Formation fell silent.

Nothing happened at all until night finally fell. By then, the purple light emanated from the Niantian Gambling Formation had finally rallied most cultivators that were currently in the Storm Realm.

Boom boom boom boom boom!

The snowy fields began to tremor, and the soil that was hidden deeper under layers of snow suddenly rose up to form eleven hulking mountains. The height of each mountain was different from one another.

From left to right, similar to a staircase, each mountain was higher than the previous.

While everyone was still wondering what the significance of these eleven mountains was, the first mountain from the left, also the shortest mountain of all, suddenly glowed a brilliant purple light.

The purple light began moving along the surface of the mountain, reminiscent of a brush, and it swiftly formed five massive words before everyone’s eyes.

Yin Clan Manor, Yin Buyu!

As soon as the final word was formed, a huge commotion broke out amidst the crowd.

From the discussions he was hearing all around, Chu Feng learned that Yin Buyu was the name of a person.

Yin Buyu had an extraordinary birth. He came from the one of the Upper Starfields of the Holy Light Galaxy that was known as the Death Starfield.

The Death Starfield was known to be a place that was filled with many powerful non-associated cultivators, resulting in having no nominal ruler. However, there were still some major powers that had managed to stand their ground there.

The Yin Clan Manor was one of the stronger powers amongst them, and Yin Buyu was the young master of the Yin Clan Manor.

On top of his extraordinary birth, Yin Buyu was also blessed with great talents too. It was said that he had already managed to reach rank five Utmost Exalted level several years back, making him one of the more well-known prodigies of the Holy Light Galaxy.

However, one thing that was worthy of mention was that it was not just Yin Buyu but the entire Yin Clan Manor that was brought to this place. And in the very moment that Yin Buyu’s name appeared on the purple light, the person-in-question alighted from a war carriage and appeared before everyone’s eyes.

The bustle amongst the crowd immediately rose to a new high as everyone looked at the Yin Clan Manor excitedly.

In just an instant, the limelight was all on Yin Buyu.