Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4578: The Formation Inside the Body

“Mother, we can’t just ignore Chu Feng!” Chu Lingxi exclaimed anxiously.

She had also received Cu Feng’s voice transmission earlier, and it was obvious that Chu Feng was going to meet with a mishap very soon.

The only one who would attempt to harm Chu Feng in the current situation was the Holy Light Clan.

What kind of existence was the Holy Light Clan?

They were the overlords of the Holy Light Galaxy! If they really wanted to make things difficult for Chu Feng, there was almost nothing they could do about it.

Chu Lingxi knew that there was no way they could afford to offend the Holy Light Clan, but despite so, she couldn’t bring herself to leave Chu Feng to the lurch.

“Lingxi, you should calm down first. It’s not for certain that something will happen to Chu Feng yet. He has only told us to leave for the time being. Chu Feng is different from you. He has experienced many different things, which is why he tends to be more careful when acting.

“He probably has suspicions that the Holy Light Clan views him as a threat and seeks to eliminate him, but he isn’t certain about it yet. It’s possible that he is thinking too much about it too.”

Gu Mingyuan told Chu Lingxi, hoping that she could calm down a little. However, the truth was that Gu Mingyuan was also feeling uneasy on the inside too.

The Holy Light Clan was simply too powerful. It was like the sky above them, an existence which they couldn’t hope to triumph over no matter what they did.

Even though Chu Feng had been growing at an unbelievable speed, he was, in the end, still a junior. How could he possibly stand against the established overlord of the Holy Light Galaxy?

If the Holy Light Clan really hoped to deal with Chu Feng, it would really be a nightmare.

Gu Mingyuan approached Long Daozhi to discuss this matter with him, and they agreed that it was impossible for them to do anything that was of help if Chu Feng were to encounter trouble. If anything, they would just be causing Chu Feng more trouble.

As a result, they decided to heed Chu Feng’s words and leave for the time being. They would decide on their next course of action depending on the situation developed from here.

Thus, with Long Daozhi leading the group from the Ancestral Martial Dragon City and Gu Mingyuan leading those from the Ten Thousand Provinces Ancient Clan, they swiftly left the Storm Realm.

... 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

In truth, Chu Feng was also not sure whether the Holy Light Clan was intending to harm him or not. He was just taking precautions in advance.

The Holy Light Clan was, after all, the overlord of the Holy Light Galaxy, and overlords tended to have the same concerns. They feared that someone would eventually rise up to threaten their position, so they sought to eliminate any threats in the cradle.

However, this was just Chu Feng’s deduction at this point. He couldn’t be certain since he didn’t have a good understanding of the Holy Light Clan. There was a chance that he might have been thinking too much into it too.

Chu Feng and the others were brought to the Holy Light Clan’s camp in the Storm Realm, where Chu Feng was assigned a luxurious palace to rest in.

There were servants to wait on him in the palace, and there were guards protecting him by the entrance. Even though they were affiliated with the Holy Light Clan, the attitude they carried toward Chu Feng was amiable.

Judging from that, it didn’t seem like they were planning to do anything to Chu Feng.

While they were making their way here, Shengguang Xuanye had been engaging Chu Feng in a conversation, and he had expressed his admiration toward Chu Feng too. From their interactions, the first impression that Chu Feng had of Shengguang Xuanye was rather favorable.

Even though Shengguang Xuanye was the strongest expert of the Holy Light Galaxy, he didn’t put on a high and mighty appearance before others. At the very least, he had treated Chu Feng with kindness.

After a short rest, Chu Feng, Long Xiaoxiao, and the other juniors gathered together with one another once more. The Holy Light Clan had prepared a grand banquet for all of the juniors who had survived the tournament.

The banquet wasn’t just limited to the juniors though. Those of the older generation, like the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief, Monstrous Herd Temple’s sectmaster, and the other powerhouses of the Holy Light Clan had joined the banquet too.

The atmosphere at the banquet was cordial, and it lasted for ten days straight.

After the banquet concluded, the other juniors received their rewards from the Holy Light Clan from leaving the Storm Realm.

As for Chu Feng, Long Xiaoxiao, and the others in the top ten, they were told that their rewards would take a little more time to prepare, so they had to stay in the Storm Realm for a little longer. The Holy Light Clan would send their rewards over once they were ready.

After ten days of chatting and merrymaking, Chu Feng’s suspicions of the Holy Light Clan had lessened considerably, but he didn’t let his guard down just because of that.

“I hope that I’m just thinking too much into it.”

Chu Feng could only try to console himself in such a manner. If the Holy Light Clan decided to pull something, there was nothing he could do about it.

In any case, whether the Holy Light Clan really harbored malicious intentions toward him or not, he would know soon enough. He knew that the Holy Light Clan had already begun preparing the Holy Light Bloodline Essence, the reward reserved for the champion of the tournament.

The Holy Light Bloodline Essence was an important cultivation resource even to the Holy Light Clan. If the Holy Light Clan wasn’t sincere about wanting to get along with him, there was no way they would hand the Holy Light Bloodline Essence over to him.

Not that Chu Feng would trust them even if they handed the Holy Light Bloodline Essence though, but at the very least, his suspicions of the Holy Light Clan would have lessened considerably.

“Speaking of which, what’s with this Niantian Energy inside my body?”

While waiting for the rewards to arrive, Chu Feng began inspecting the insides of his body yet again. He had been doing this frequently over the last ten days because he noticed that the Niantian Energy he obtained was vastly different from that of others.

Long Xiaoxiao, Yu Lie, and the others had obtained a huge amount of Niantian Energy as well, but their Niantian Energy could be used for their cultivation right away.

However, the same couldn’t be said about Chu Feng’s. Even though he had obtained the greatest share of Niantian Energy, somehow, it simply sat inside his body as if a massive formation.

Unless he were to break this formation, or else he wouldn’t be able to tap into the Niantian Energy in his body.