Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4592: I’m Going to Die

There were reasons behind why Shengguang Xuanye spat out blood.

The Holy Light Clan, as the overlord of the Holy Light Galaxy, enjoyed a lofty standing comparable to the gods. No one dared to defy their will, and those who did would eventually come to dearly regret their decisions.

But on this very day, the blood-related grandson of their clan chief was tortured into an inhuman state by Chu Feng, yet the Holy Light Clan was forced to let him go.

Even though everyone knew that the one the Holy Light Clan was afraid of was the Nine Souls Sacred Clan and not Chu Feng, such an incident would indubitably undermine the authority and prestige of the Holy Light Clan.

People would doubt their right to rule. People would laugh at them behind their backs.

Without a doubt, the Holy Light Clan had been utterly embarrassed today.

...

Meanwhile, Chu Feng, after being rescued by the Nine Souls Sacred Clan, swiftly left the Storm Realm.

Through their conversation, Chu Feng learned that the reason why Xian Miaomiao came all the way here was because someone had relayed the news that Chu Feng was in danger to her. However, she had no idea who was the one who relayed the news to her.

Despite not knowing the authenticity of the news, she still led her men over right away. She couldn’t even tolerate the possibility of Chu Feng getting killed, thus even if it could possibly be a wasted trip, she wasn’t willing to take her chances.

And this was all in spite of Xian Miaomiao having a lot of things on her hand at the moment. Thus, after a short conversation with Chu Feng, she had no choice but to part with him.

Watching as the war chariots and warships of the Nine Souls Sacred Clan departed in the distance, Chu Feng felt a lot of different emotions inside. Had it not been for Xian Miaomiao’s timely arrival, he could have very well lost his life by now.

“That older sister is so pretty. Big brother Chu Feng, I’m certain that she likes you.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

All of a sudden, a sweet voice sounded right beside Chu Feng. Chu Feng turned his head over and saw that it was Song Yun.

When Chu Feng was brought onboard one of the warships of the Nine Souls Sacred Clan, Song Yun had tagged along as well. As for the villains she brought over, she had already dismissed them, and they had gone their own ways.

“Lass, did someone inform you too?” Chu Feng asked curiously.

“Indeed. A mysterious person told me that you were in danger, but I have no idea who that person is,” Song Yun replied.

“Are there any distinctive characteristics or traits to that mysterious person?” Chu Feng asked.

He was very curious who was the one helping him behind his back.

It was one thing that the mysterious person knew that he was acquainted with Xiao Miaomiao, but that person actually even looked for Song Yun too. This was a little hard for him to believe.

Putting aside the fact that the mysterious man was aware that he was acquainted with Song Yun, how did that person know that Song Yun had the ability to save him?

One must know that Chu Feng would have never known that Song Yun actually held such great influence had he not seen it with his own eyes.

However, Song Yun’s response was the same as Xian Miaomiao’s. There were no definite traits that the mysterious person had that Chu Feng could use to trace the person down.

“Right, lass. How did you come to know those people?” Chu Feng asked.

His impression of Song Yun was actually rather decent, so it came as a huge surprise that she was acquainted with these villains. In his view, there was nothing good for Song Yun to be acquainted with these people...

... unless Song Yun’s background was somewhat related to that too.

“I can’t possibly remain idle after learning that you’re in trouble. However, what I can do alone is limited due to my lacking strength, and I know that I won’t be able to save you alone. Thus, I could only spend huge amounts of money to hire mercenaries to aid me.

“I had to fork out huge sums of money in order to get these fellows on my side. You must compensate me for that!” Song Yun grumbled.

“Are you sure that they are just mercenaries?” Chu Feng asked doubtfully.

“Of course! How else could I possibly mobilize them? Have you forgotten how I tossed each of them a Cosmos Sack before they left? The Cosmos Sack contains their payment,” Song Yun explained.

It was indeed true that Song Yun had passed each of them a Cosmos Sack after dismissing them; Chu Feng had seen this with his own eyes. It was just that he couldn’t tell for sure what was in those Cosmos Sacks.

“You sure are gutsy. How did you find the courage to deal with those people?” Chu Feng asked.

“Aiya! Even though they do a lot of evil, they still have some principles that they stand by. As long as we communicate our terms properly, they’ll still do what is asked of them properly,” Song Yun explained.

Chu Feng couldn’t really pick any fault with those words.

As the saying went, ‘know a person but not his heart’. Those villains had a reputation for notoriety, but ultimately, Chu Feng didn’t know them in person so he couldn’t say for sure whether they were really evil or not. It was meaningless for him to comment on the character of a person whom he didn’t know in person.

“You really are gutsy.”

Chu Feng’s words sounded a bit like a lecture, but there was a smile on his lips when he spoke. After all, he was deeply thankful to Song Yun for her help.

Regardless of whether Song Yun was telling the truth or not, there was no denying that she had put her life on the line for him by daring to stand against the Holy Light Clan. The sentiments behind her actions had truly touched Chu Feng’s heart.

It was one thing to risk one’s life for a loved one, but it was another thing to do it for a stranger whom one had only met once.

“How could I ever thank you for your help?” Chu Feng asked.

“It’s very simple. Just go on a trip with me,” Song Yun replied.

“Where?” Chu Feng asked.

“To the Nine Souls Heavenly River. Help me do something, and we’ll be equals afterward,” Song Yun replied.

“Now?”

“Yes, right now.”

“Can it be delayed for a while first?”

In truth, Chu Feng was intending to challenge the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s formation right after this so as to save Zi Ling as soon as possible. Thus, he was hoping to delay this matter for a while.

“Delayed? I’m afraid that it would be inconvenient for me. I need you to come with me right now, because...”

Speaking up to this point, Song Yun suddenly lowered her head.

“What is it that you’re in such a hurry for? Can you tell me about it? “Chu Feng asked.

“Big brother Chu Feng, I’m dying,” Song Yun replied.