Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4612: Death Name List

From the moment Dongfang Yunkong and Zhou Huofeng appeared, the uproar amongst the crowd swiftly placated. At the very least, even the arrogant prodigies of the Gongsun Clan dared not to act too out of place.

“I’ll be declaring those who have obtained the slots for the matchmaking convention. They are no other than Xia Yan, Xiao Yu, and...”

Dongfang Yunkong unrolled the scroll in his hands as he began to announce the results.

It was just that when he came to the third name, he visibly hesitated for a moment. He shot a momentary glance at Chu Feng before finally proceeding on, “... the young friend who came from the Ancestral Martial Galaxy, Chu Feng.”

Swoosh!

Dongfang Yunkong’s words stirred up a huge uproar in the area.

Most of those present in the area weren’t acquainted with Chu Feng, so they lacked understanding of him. They thought that he was the disciple of some powerful expert living alone in the remote mountains or something.

As such, the revelation that Chu Feng had come from the Ancestral Martial Galaxy was shocking to everyone present. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

To those from the Nine Souls Galaxy, those from the Ancestral Martial Galaxy were no different from countryside bumpkins. That was a place where only the weakest of cultivators could be found. They looked down on the Ancestral Martial Galaxy, and they couldn’t be bothered to learn more about it either.

Due to that, they were surprised when they learned that Chu Feng had come from the Ancestral Martial Galaxy.

It was almost similar to a person from a small village suddenly began flaunting his wealth before the merchants in a larger city. It was utterly unbelievable.

But on top of their disbelief, there was also another emotion growing in their heart—indignance. They could accept losing to their peers, but not to someone from the lower Ancestral Martial Galaxy that they looked down so much on. They viewed it as a great humiliation.

“One more thing. While infighting is allowed in this trial, murder is strictly forbidden. However, there have been quite a few casualties in the trial earlier on. I shall announce the name list of the deceased challengers right now. If you can provide me with any clues regarding the culprits, I’ll reward you accordingly. On the other hand, the culprits will be severely punished.”

Following that, Dongfang Yunkong began to read the names of the deceased, together with their place of origin, appearances, and state of death. This was so that people could better provide clues to figure out the culprits.

However, most of the crowd couldn’t be bothered to listen to these details. In their view, this was nothing more than a formality for the sake of putting up an act.

The world of cultivators had always been the survival of the fittest. Any trials and examinations, if unsupervised, would definitely end with casualties. Death was nothing more than the product of the intense competition amongst cultivators.

However, this seeming boring phase took a turn when a certain name was announced.

Nine Souls Galaxy, the disciple of Fire Yama, Yin Tianchou.

“Yin Tianchou is dead too? Who did it?”

The crowd was astonished.

Given Yin Tianchou’s strength and background, he should have never appeared on the list of the deceased. Yet, he actually died here.

The gazes of the crowd immediately turned to the three prodigies of the Gongsun Clan, as well as the three victors of the second trial, including Chu Feng.

The only ones who had the capability to kill Yin Tianchou in the Incubation Forest were only these six.

“Why the hell are you looking at me for? I have never seen Yin Tianchou!” Gongsun Tiahao bellowed in anger.

It looked as if he was raging, but in truth, he was trying to acquit himself. Yin Tianchou was no kind soul, and it was even more so for his teacher.

Living Yama was a person whom even the Gongsun Clan would think twice before crossing.

“These are the unfortunate victims of the trials. No matter who they are and where they came from, their lives should still be valued as any other. The culprits who took their lives ought to be punished. If anyone here has any clues, you may contact us, and we’ll reward you accordingly.”

After revealing the information of the deceased, Dongfang Yunkong reiterated the matter once more. However, the crowd’s attention was focused solely on Yin Tianchou.

In their view, anyone who dared to kill Yin Tianchou was simply courting trouble.

The Fire Yama was not a trifling figure. He was like a mad dog who possessed overwhelming power, making him a menace to deal with.

After the details of the deceased had been fully announced, the trials finally came to an end.

Chu Feng, Xiao Yu, and Xia Yan, under the lead of Dongfang Yunkong and Zhou Huofeng, were led toward the depths of the Graveyard Realm.

They were brought into a massive city, and there were many people gathered at the heart of the city. Most of them were famed world spiritists, and some of them wielded great influence in the Nine Souls Galaxy too.

However, the most important figure of all was still the person seated at the center of the square.

He was a tall but skinny old man. He was tightly clothed in a black robe, revealing only his face, palms, and feet. He was the literal interpretation of ‘skin and bones’. If not for the layer of skin clinging to him, it was definitely not far-fetched to say that he was a skeleton.

Another thing about him that caught people’s attention was the sharp fingernails and toenails he had that resembled beasts. However, what was the most terrifying of all was still his eyes. His eyes were deep and penetrating, unlike that of a human. It was even more frightening than a wild beast.

And he was no other than the owner of the Graveyard Realm, the Wretched Black Demon.

It was clear that everyone was waiting for them, the three people who cleared the trial and obtained the last three slots for the matchmaking convention.

Their arrival heralded the commencement of the matchmaking convention.

However, one thing worthy of mention was that there was a group of people standing proudly at the center of the square—those from the Gongsun Clan.

The reason behind their confidence was because the Zhuge Clan had turned down the Wretched Black Demon’s invitation, which meant that the other four invitation letters ended up falling into the hands of the Gongsun Clan too.

The Gongsun Clan already had seven slots in their hands at the moment, and they believed that the other three slots were as good as theirs too.

In other words, they had dominated all of the slots for this matchmaking convention. This honor would surely raise the reputation of the Gongsun Clan to greater heights.

“They’re here, they’re here!”

A disturbance broke out amidst the crowd as the distinguished guests raised their heads together to look into the distance, where three figures were flitting their way under the lead of Dongfang Yunkong and Zhou Huofeng.

However, as soon as they took a closer look at the three figures, the crowed jolted in astonishment.

“Could it be that those three are the ones who cleared the trials?”