Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4658: Half a Scroll

However, there was an object at the bottom of this middle plaque too, and it was a ten thousand meters tall tower. It was shaped like a tower, but it could have been a flight of stairs too. The stairs extended from the ground all the way to the top.

At the very top of the tower was a throne made out of innumerable coiling dragons. It was exquisite, beautiful, and majestic.

Compared to the golden stand on the right, this throne felt much more divine.

However, both the stairs and the throne were divided into two by the middle, and each side depicted a different color and material.

On the left side of the plaque, both the stairs and throne was black in color, and they were burning with black flames too. As for the right side, they were golden in color. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

These hinted that a fusion between the balck flames and the golden stand.

“What a domineering throne. That must be the royal thrown of the leader of the Asura Evil Spirits,” Eggy remarked in curiosity.

Before Chu Feng could think too much into it, Lord Yunliang had already began making his way toward the golden stand on the right side of the painting.

As he approached the stand, Chu Feng noticed that there was a huge formation at the very top of the golden stand. However, this formation was very complicated, such that he couldn’t activate it with the current limitations of his spirit power.

Lord Yunliang descended down right on one of the cores of the formation.

There were several hundred other of such cores, so Chu Feng quickly stepped into one of them too.

“Get out of the formation core. Take your place behind me.”

However, Lord Yunliang immediately bellowed at Chu Feng through voice transmission.

It was then that Chu Feng realized that he was unqualified to step into the formation core, so he quickly stepped out and took his position behind Lord Yunliang, just as what he was ordered to do.

Soon, the other evil spirits began arriving too.

Their entrance grew grander and grander with each passing person. Those who entered first only had an entourage of several people, but soon, there were even some who had an army of thousands accompanying them.

All of them took their places on the formation cores in the golden stand. Their underlings, be it whether just a few or thousands of them, could only stand outside the formation cores behind their masters.

“Lord Yunliang, how rare it is for you to bring an underling here? However, your underling doesn’t appear to be anything much. If you are lacking in underlings, why don’t I send you some tomorrow?”

An old evil spirit shot a glance at Chu Feng before speaking to Lord Yunliang.

“There’s no need for that.”

However, Lord Yunliang simply waved his hands coldly, not even bothering to look at the evil spirit when he spoke.

“Hmph, how arrogant!”

That made the old evil spirit extremely displeased, so he turned his head around to chat with the others instead.

Chu Feng knew that those who were qualified to enter the formation core had to be notable figures amongst the Asura Evil Spirits. They were very close with one another, such that there were smiles on their faces when they chatted.

Under such an atmosphere, Lord Yunliang felt like an outsider.

It was not that no one tried to speak with him, but those that did was only responded with coldness. It could be seen that Lord Yunliang was not the type of person who went well with crowds.

Perhaps it was due to that that none of them paid much attention to Chu Feng despite him being a foreign face.

Top experts of the Asura Evil Spirits arrived one after another, andaround two hours later, nearly all of the several hundred formation cores had an Asura Evil Spirit standing in them. None of them looked like they could be trifled with.

However, there was still a single formation core that was empty.

Chu Feng reckoned that the final one to arrive must be a truly extraordinary individual.

And just like he had guessed, not too long later, an army filled with ten thousand individuals descended from the sky onto the golden platform.

The one leading the army was a middle-aged man riding on a massive beast morphed by an Asura Evil Spirit. He wore armor that was inscribed with a black dragon which looked a little similar to the throne in terms of appearances.

Even though this middle-aged man was an evil spirit, he had a suave appearance. He had authoritative eyes that seemed to intimidate others that stood in his presence.

As soon as he appeared, all of the experts present suddenly appeared lacking in comparison. There was no one who had a presence that could rival him.

“Paying respects to the Asura King!”

All of the Asura Evil Spirits, including the distinguished figures standing within the formation cores, immediately lowered their backs to greet the middle-aged man.

“That’s the Asura King? He looks pretty powerful,” Eggy remarked.

“Everyone, I’ve kept you waiting. You may rise.”

The Asura King descended down on the empty formation core. It was only after he landed that the Asura Evil Spirits got back up.

The first thing the Asura King did was to take out a black rectangular box which was less than a meter tall and 2 chi wide. It seemed to be made out of some unique metal, and there were complicated runes inscribed on it.

There was a red talisman paper pasted on top of the box, and this talisman paper was inscribed with a black seal mark. Just by looking at it, Chu Feng could sense that it was a formidable sealing talisman, and an ominous sensation arose in his heart.

Without a doubt, the item sealed within the box had to be something formidable.

Could it be that these Asura Evil Spirits were intending to unseal the item inside the box?

While Chu Feng was still deep in thoughts, the Asura King had already placed the box by his feet and took out another scroll. As soon as the scroll was unrolled, Chu Feng noticed that it was incomplete; a half of it was clearly missing.

As Chu Feng was standing behind the Asura King, he was able to see the contents on the scroll. While the scroll itself was incomplete, the formation that was inscribed on it was complete. If he was right, the formation on the golden stand had to be activated using the formation on the scroll.

Other than that, he also noticed that there was a seal stamped at the bottom of the scroll, and a name was written on it. Most likely, that was the name of the creator of the formation and the scroll.

Chu Feng deduced that there was a good chance that the creator of the scroll was the same person who set up the formation around the Asura Graveyard too.

Out of curiosity, he took a closer look. Even though the words were small, he could still make them out clearly.

“This... How could this be?”

Chu Feng widened his eyes in astonishment. It was almost as if someone had stirred a tsunami in the depths of his heart.

There were three words inscribed on top of the stamped seal.

Emperor of Massacre!!!