Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4682: Eggy’s Injury

Chapter 4682: Eggy’s Injury

Entering the spirit formation gate didn’t free Chu Feng from the trial; instead, he found himself standing in the midst of a pitch-black world.

It was large enough to be considered as a world, but there was no ground to stand on. It looked just like the abyss.

Chu Feng found himself unable to move at all, as if he had lost control of his body. He raised his head upward and saw that the spirit formation gate was still there, but his body was continuing to descend down into the endless abyss.

It felt horrible, as if he was swiftly approaching death but could do nothing to stop it.

“Chu Feng, what’s going on?”

Eggy also noticed that something was amiss as well.

“I’m unable to control my body. It looks like the trial isn’t over yet. Don’t worry, let me observe the situation first. As long as it’s about formations, I’ll definitely be able to find a way to resolve the problem.”

Chu Feng activated Heaven’s Eye to scan the surroundings, but everything was pitch-black. He couldn’t see anything at all.

So, he decided to close his eyes and release his spirit power to sense the surroundings instead.

“Eggy, don’t worry. I figured out what’s going on now. There should be a spirit formation gate in the depths of the abyss. As long as we get into the spirit formation gate, we’ll be able to leave this place,” Chu Feng said.

“I see... That nearly scared me out of my wits! Why do they have to make it so frightening? I thought that we had fallen into a trap!” Eggy heaved a sigh of relief as well.

“However, there are still some important things that I haven’t grasped yet. I’ll need some time,” Chu Feng said.

“Hurry up and get on with it then. Focus on grasping whatever you need to. Your life at stake here, but you mustn’t get careless,” Eggy reminded.

Hu hu hu!

It was then that a series of terrifying noises that could have either been the roarings of ferocious beasts and the cries of vengeful spirits sounded from below.

Something was rising from beneath, and it was swiftly approaching Chu Feng.

“What’s that sound? Is there some monstrous creature here?” Eggy asked.

She tried her best to analyze the current circumstances through her shared senses of sight and hearing with Chu Feng, but it was to no avail.

“Chu Feng, open up the spirit formation gate and let me out!” Eggy said.

She didn’t want to let Chu Feng brave through danger on his own.

“I can’t open the spirit formation gate to the World Spirit Space. However, it doesn’t seem like there’s anything to worry about. It isn’t a monstrous creature but wind,” Chu Feng said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Wind? Why would there be wind here?” Eggy was confused.

The roaring grew louder and louder, and Chu Feng’s clothes began to flutter wildly. It was indeed a gust of wind coming from the depths of the abyss.

Eggy was initially confused about the presence of the wind in the abyss, but when Chu Feng’s descending body finally came to a halt before starting to rise upward, she finally came to a realization.

The wind was trying to blow Chu Feng upward, back through the spirit formation gate where he came from. If so, he would return back to the cliff where he had come from. However, the cliff was likely to have been swallowed by the lava and the crimson lightning by now, which meant that Chu Feng would surely die if he were to head back now.

“Chu Feng...”

Eggy realized just how dangerous the current situation was, but she knew better than to disturb Chu Feng. She could tell that Chu Feng was currently focusing his full attention on grasping what he had failed to comprehend yet. As long as he succeeded, he should be able to survive this trial.

She could only try to bottle up any feelings of anxiety and nervousness she felt inside.

Nevertheless, her feelings were still shown clearly on her face. Even her hands were clutching the hems of her skirt so tightly that she was about to rip it up.

“Miss Queen, I’m certain that Chu Feng knows what he’s doing. You shouldn’t worry too much about him and focus on recuperating instead,” Yu Sha told Eggy through voice transmission.

She was worried about Eggy because she noticed that the latter’s face was getting paler, and her aura was slowly weakening. At this rate, she would be in grave danger.

“I’m fine. Don’t tell Chu Feng about it.”

Eggy put a finger on her lips to indicate for Yu Sha to stay silent as she replied via voice transmission as well.

Seeing this, Yu Sha could only hold her tongue. She couldn’t help but feel a little guilt-stricken. She was indeed worried about Chu Feng too, but the extent was nowhere the same as Eggy.

“Alright, I know what to do now.”

Chu Feng’s eyes were initially filled with unease. The updraft was pushing him closer and closer to the spirit formation gate back to the cliff, as if a countdown to his end. However, when he finally opened his eyes once more, they were filled with confidence.

He had already figured out the way to breach the formation!

Hu!

Chu Feng suddenly released a tremendous outpour of divine aura that lit up the dark world. Had an ordinary mortal been here, he would have surely thought that Chu Feng was a god descending from heaven.

It felt like a formation, but it wasn’t entirely so. This was the ability of Chu Feng’s world spiritist bloodline.

As soon as he activated his bloodline, the updraft immediately alleviated, and the speed of Chu Feng’s descent suddenly hastened. He was falling at a speed several thousand times faster than before.

Even though it felt like there was no end to the abyss, at the rate he was falling at, he should be able to reach the bottom soon enough. Once he got through the spirit formation gate below, he would have officially cleared this trial too.

“Chu Feng! Miss Queen... she’s in a bad state!”

Yu Sha’s voice suddenly sounded.

Chu Feng had been focused on channeling his bloodline power, so he wasn’t paying attention to what was going on elsewhere. However, when he heard those words, he unhesitatingly directed his consciousness into the World Spirit Space.

He saw a feeble Eggy lying weakly in Yu Sha’s arms.

“Eggy, what’s wrong?!”

Chu Feng was anxious to see Eggy in such a weakened state. He quickly rushed over to check on her condition.

“You dumbo, what are you doing here? Return back to your main body and focus on channeling your bloodline power! You need to get out of here as soon as possible!” Eggy shouted at Chu Feng angrily.

“Is it the effect of fending against the lava and the crimson lightning earlier?”

However, Chu Feng refused to listen to Eggy’s words. He continued looking at her with worry in his eyes as he assessed her condition. He felt incredibly remorseful because he knew that she had only fallen into this state in order to protect him.

“You dumbo, this has nothing to do with the lava and the crimson lightning. It’s the Asura God-Demon Stone,” Eggy replied.

“Asura God-Demon Stone?”

Chu Feng did know of the Asura God-Demon Stone, but he wasn’t sure how it was related to the current situation.