Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4850: Ruined Face

Chu Feng directed a smile toward Duan Liufeng, not just because the latter had given him some intelligence but that there was something in there that was very useful to him.

If Shengguang Xuanye’s cultivation was at rank six Martial Exalted level, he did stand a chance against the current Holy Light Clan. Perhaps, he might be able to resolve the grudge between him and the Holy Light Clan once and for all.

Not to mention, Chu Feng had his trump cards too.

He first paid a visit to Zi Ling to bid her farewell. He told her the truth, including his relationship with Long Xiaoxiao.

Zi Ling didn’t look unhappy at all; on the contrary, she supported his decision and even insisted on accompanying him. Of course, the sectmaster wouldn’t allow her to accompany him.

Even if sectmaster granted her permission, Chu Feng wouldn’t have agreed to it either. It was simply too dangerous.

Before Chu Feng left, Duan Liufeng slipped him a token.

It was the Teleportation Token of the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect. With this token, he could step into any teleportation formation and lock the destination to the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect.

Following that, Chu Feng used the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s teleportation formation and headed straight toward the Dragon Clan.

His aim, for the time being, was to uncover Long Xiaoxiao’s location and find out the truth as to what was going on.

With his current means, he was able to infiltrate the Dragon Clan easily enough. He soon realized that the betrothal between Long Xiaoxiao and the Holy Light Clan wasn’t a secret in the Dragon Clan.

It seemed like the Holy Light Clan had indeed decided to have a political marriage with the Dragon Clan. They wanted Long Xiaoxiao to marry Shengguang Yu.

The Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief was fully supportive of this marriage, just that Long Xiaoxiao objected to it. She even went to the extent of ruining her own appearance in order to express her strong disapproval toward the marriage.

Her action infuriated the Holy Light Clan, and they weren’t planning to let her off just like that.

They insisted on having Long Xiaoxiao marry into the Holy Light Clan, just that her spouse was no longer Shengguang Yu but another man named Shengguang Jiahao.

Shengguang Jiahao wasn’t a young master of the Holy Light Clan at all. He was the lowest clan member of the clan, rumored to be a halfwit.

Long Xiaoxiao was the princess of the Dragon Clan, and she possessed talent on par with Shengugang Yu. She was easily one of the most prestigious juniors in the Holy Light Galaxy.

Yet, the Holy Light Clan wanted her to marry a halfwit?

It was clear that they wanted to punish Long Xiaoxiao.

Since Long Xiaoxiao refused to marry Shengguang Yu, they would let her get her way. However, there was no way they would allow a woman they had set their eyes on to escape from them.

Despite the Holy Light Clan’s intention to humiliate Long Xiaoxiao, the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief actually agreed to it. He decided to give in!

It was not as if Chu Feng couldn’t understand the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief’s difficulty, but how could he sacrifice his own daughter like this?

Just thinking about all of the atrocities that the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief had done before made Chu Feng incredibly furious.

From the start to the end, the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief was a greedy and self-centered person at his core. Not once had he repented for his actions.

...

Chu Feng managed to uncover the truth about the situation, but right now, what he really wanted to know was Long Xiaoxiao’s whereabouts.

Fortunately, that wasn’t a secret either.

Long Xiaoxiao was currently in the residence of the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief. To put it in a nice way, she was living together with the clan chief, but everyone knew that she was being imprisoned there by her own father.

Chu Feng soon arrived at the residence of the Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief. It was a palace erected in the midst of beautiful scenery. There was a grassland filled with beautiful flowers, chirping birds, and precious spirit beasts.

Such a beautiful land was a rare sight even within the prosperous territories of the Dragon Clan.

It would seem like a huge blessing to be able to live at a place like this, but there were multiple layers of barrier that tightly sealed off the palace.

This barrier was reinforced by a world spiritist treasure, making it impossible for anyone to enter or leave the area. It would be nigh impossible for anyone aside from Martial Exalted level cultivators to breach the barrier.

However, someone of this level didn’t pose a problem to Chu Feng at all.

He didn’t even need to resort to brute force. With his mastery of world spiritist techniques, he was able to easily pass through the barrier and enter the palace.

He soon encountered a figure inside the palace. He could tell from the silhouette that the person was Long Xiaoxiao.

She was sitting on a wooden bench, staring outside the window silently with her back facing Chu Feng.

It hadn’t even been that long, but he felt like he hadn’t seen Long Xiaoxiao for ages.

Now that he was finally before her, he couldn’t help but feel a little conflicted.

He didn’t appear before her right away. Instead, he circled around her, wanting to see her face. He wanted to check if her appearance was really ruined.

However, the moment he caught a glimpse of her face, his heart suddenly jerked. It felt like someone had plunged a dagger into his heart and twisted it around.

Her face was really ruined. It was filled with cuts that marred not just her skin but her bones too. Her flesh was torn apart to the extent where even her teeth were exposed.

Skeletons were horrifying to look at, but even much so was a face with flesh hanging off its bones.

He thought about Long Xiaoxiao’s beautiful visage, and that pained his heart.

He couldn’t imagine how Long Xiaoxiao felt when she disfigured herself in such a manner.

What made his heart feel heavier was his ability as a world spiritist to see through the true essence of an individual, He could tell that Long Xiaoxiao’s injuries were inflicted using a special blade that dealt damage straight toward her soul. In other words, this was a permanent disfigurement.

Even Chu Feng was completely helpless against Long Xiaoxiao’s current condition. That was an injury he couldn’t treat.

He was hesitant to appear before Long Xiaoxiao after seeing her face. It was not that he didn’t dare to face her, but he was afraid that Long Xiaoxiao didn’t want to face him.

He knew how Long Xiaoxiao felt about him.

A woman would want to show her best side to the person she loved, so how could she possibly be willing to show Chu Feng her current state? Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

“That man still dares to come here?”

Chu Feng’s gaze suddenly turned incredibly cold.