Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4863: Causing Mayhem

Chu Feng brought Long Xiaoxiao and her mother back to the Dragon Clan, but he didn’t make an appearance. He chose to keep an eye on everything from the shadows.

He quickly received a piece of news.

The Holy Light Clan had invited most major powers of the Holy Light Clan to their base so as to witness Long Xiaoxiao’s marriage.

One had to know that the Holy Light Clan had many political marriages with other powers, but this was the first time they were inviting so many powerhouses to attend the wedding ceremony.

To be honest, it appeared to be a last-minute decision, though Chu Feng had no idea what prompted them to do that. He wasn’t too interested in trying to guess the reason either.

He wanted to do one thing now: cultivate.

Since he couldn’t obtain the Great Monstrous Slayer Emperor’s heritage anymore, he only had himself to count on.

It was impractical for him to raise his cultivation within such a short period of time. No matter how talented he was, he still needed an impetus to stimulate an epiphany, or else it would be hard for him to raise his cultivation swiftly.

In other words, he needed to resort to special means.

He did know of a way that would allow him to challenge Shengguang Xuanye as long as he could grasp it—Heavenly Lightning Nine Slashes. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

There were nine slashes in total.

First Slash, Heavenly Lightning Appearance.

Second Slash, Heavenly Lightning Transformation.

Third Slash, Heavenly Lightning Fusion.

Fourth Slash, Demonic Lightning Conversion.

Fifth Slash, Demonic Lightning Movement.

Sixth Slash, Chaotic Heavenly Dome.

Seventh Slash, Divine Demonic Conversion.

Eighth Slash, Divine Demonic Dance.

Ninth Slash, Living Beings Extermination.

Every single slash wielded the power to overwhelm enemies that were even stronger than him. Even within Martial Exalted level, the First Slash, Heavenly Lightning Appearance, was strong enough to allow him to overwhelm enemies who were a rank stronger than him.

And from the looks of the names, it would only grow stronger from there on.

For the time being, he wanted to try grasping the Second Slash, Heavenly Lightning Transformation.

His cultivation was currently at rank two Martial Exalted level, and he could raise it to rank five with his means. With Heavenly Lightning Transformation, he could potentially kill a rank six Martial Exalted level cultivator.

If he mastered the Second Slash, Heavenly Lightning Transformation, there was a chance that he could fight against a rank seven Martial Exalted level cultivator.

By then, even if Shengguang Xuanye was able to raise his cultivation by a rank using his bloodline ability, Chu Feng would still be able to put up a fight against him.

It just so happened that Long Xiaoxiao’s wedding ceremony was a good chance for him to defeat Shengguang Xuanye. There was no way he could let Shengguang Xuanye off after everything that despicable old man had done to him and Long Xiaoxiao.

Of course, Chu Feng knew that grasping the Heavenly Lightning Nine Slashes was no easy feat. It took him a great deal of time just to grasp the First Slash, and he still had to pay a heavy price in order to execute it.

Grasping the Second Slash was bound to be even more difficult.

However, he still chose to do so because he had something to help him now—the cultivation formation.

Shengguang Xuanye had prepared this formation for over a thousand years, just that he wasn’t able to use it due to his lacking capability. Ironically, his hard work ended up benefiting Chu Feng.

Chu Feng could sense how powerful the cultivation formation was, especially when it came to grasping martial skills. It was just perfect for him.

That being said, he wasn’t absolutely certain of success here. After all, the Heavenly Lightning Nine Slashes was no ordinary martial skill.

Whether he could make use of this opportunity to challenge Shengguang Xuanye and the Holy Clan depended on whether he could pull it off.

...

Time passed swiftly, and it was soon time for Long Xiaoxiao’s wedding ceremony.

In order to ensure that things proceeded smoothly, the Holy Light Clan decided to send some clan members over to the Dragon Clan to fetch Long Xiaoxiao in advance.

In a plain sealed off by a formation outside the Dragon Clan stood a beautiful palace. This palace was shaped like a swan, and it emanated a faint glow reminiscent of an inviolable heavenly palace.

This palace was no other than the cultivation formation.

It had grown much larger as compared to when it was previously in the Holy Light Clan’s forbidden land. This was the effect of fully activating the cultivation formation.

Chu Feng was currently cultivating in the formation while Long Xiaoxiao and her mother were standing right outside.

“Xiaoxiao, don’t worry. Young friend Chu Feng knows what he’s doing,” Long Xiaoxiao’s mother consoled her daughter.

Even so, Long Xiaoxiao still looked incredibly worried. She could only clutch the hems of her skirt tightly in order to alleviate her nervousness a little.

Long Xiaoxiao’s mother also didn’t know what she could say to console her daughter. She knew what Long Xiaoxiao was worried about.

Chu Feng would enter the palace every single day to cultivate, only to walk out with a body filled with injuries. There were even a few times that he had gotten severely injured, to the point where his signs of life became extremely faint.

It was fortunate that the palace wielded some mysterious power that would flood him whenever he walked out from within, swiftly healing his injuries.

Nevertheless, the fact that Chu Feng was constantly covered in injuries showed that he was attempting something extremely dangerous. Long Xiaoxiao was really worried that he might just go too far and lose his life in the palace.

On top of that, every time Chu Feng cultivated in the palace, the energy suffusing the palace would be reduced by a bit. By this point, while the palace still looked as beautiful as ever, it no longer felt as inviolable as it previously did.

Long Xiaoxiao was worried that a day would come where Chu Feng would walk out of the palace, only to find that there was insufficient energy left to completely heal him up.

Whoosh!

The palace suddenly began rattling violently, and furious waves roared from the palace. Every last bit of light left in the area began surging toward the palace.

As soon as the light fully disappeared, cracks began to appear all over the beautiful palace. It looked like it would collapse at any moment.

Finally, the palace had lost all of its energy. It was no longer a cultivation formation anymore but a mere dilapidated structure on the verge of collapse.

“This is bad!”

Alarmed, Long Xiaoxiao quickly ran toward the palace.

“Xiaoxiao!”

Long Xiaoxiao’s mother tried to stop her.

“Lord Mother, let go of me. I can’t leave Chu Feng to the lurch!”

Long Xiaoxiao looked at her mother with pleading eyes, putting the latter in a spot.

“Xiaoxiao, why do you think that the Holy Light Clan chose to imprison me in that forbidden land? Shengguang Haifu was trying to use my bloodline ability to see if it could be used to activate the cultivation formation!

“That was definitely not the first time they had done something like that. I reckon that there were many other victims before me. The Holy Light Clan was just grasping at straws, but they had nothing to lose from that. There was no way they would have let me off as I would have leaked their secrets.

“I wasn’t able to find a way to activate the cultivation formation due to my lacking talent, but I was still able to sense the overwhelming power it wielded through the treasure. Xiaoxiao, don’t be fooled by its beautiful exterior. It’s an extremely dangerous treasure!

“I know that you’re worried about Chu Feng, and I feel the same way too. But there’s nothing we can do if Chu Feng is truly in danger... You’re just charging to your doom for no reason. Besides, it’s not as if Chu Feng is already a goner. There’s still a chance that he could overcome this crisis,” Long Xiaoxiao’s mother said.

She didn’t want to say those words initially, but she couldn’t allow her daughter to charge straight into danger.

Yet, her words were still unable to move Long Xiaoxiao. Anxious tears flowed down the latter’s cheeks.

“Mother, I know that my strength is limited, but I have to do everything I can to save Chu Feng! I won’t want to live anymore if Chu Feng really loses his life today!”

“Xiaoxiao, you...”

Long Xiaoxiao’s mother was conflicted to hear Long Xiaoxiao’s words, but she still chose to let the latter go.

“Xiaoxiao, why are you crying?”

Chu Feng’s voice suddenly sounded.

The two of them quickly turned their eyes over, only to see Chu Feng standing in front of the palace.

The palace was already filled with cracks and was on the verge of collapsing, but the person in front of it looked revitalized and imposing.

This was the first time he was walking out of the palace with such a confident demeanor.

“Why do you look so dazed? If I remember correctly, today is the day that the Holy Light Clan is dispatching someone over to fetch you, right?” Chu Feng asked.

“Yes, it’s today,” Long Xiaoxiao replied with a nod.

“Are you still going to come with me?” Chu Feng asked.

“Naturally,” Long Xiaoxiao replied without any hesitation.

“You have to prepare yourself then. Today, I’ll be causing mayhem in the Holy Light Clan!”