Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4993: Master!

“Sectmaster?”

“Master?”

Chu Feng and Zi Ling called out in astonishment. The person who had reached out to grab Chu Feng’s hand earlier was an old woman, but they were able to recognize her as the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster.

Chu Feng was actually not too surprised to see the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster. It was within expectations. He did guess beforehand that the most likely person to have been protecting him was her.

Still, it was just a deduction. He was still rather moved to see the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster in person.

To be honest, the situation wasn’t positive for Chu Feng at all.

Even with his recent breakthrough, he could only raise his cultivation to rank seven Martial Exalted level. He was still far from matching the rank nine Martial Exalted level Godwish Grandmother.

He was intending to execute the Second Slash of the Heavenly Lightning Nine Levels Slash, but it was really just a gamble.

If it was any ordinary rank nine Martial Exalted level, Chu Feng would have stood a decent chance. However, his opponent was the Godwish Grandmother, who had the ability to raise her cultivation by a rank. His chances of victory were slim at best.

However, he couldn't back down here. How could he do nothing when others sought to inflict harm upon Zi Ling? He had to put up a fight even if the odds were stacked overwhelmingly against him.

That was why he was relieved when he saw the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster. He knew that there was definitely a way out for them now.

He wasn’t certain how powerful the sectmaster was, but considering how much the Holy Valley feared her, she was likely to be an existence beyond what the Godwish Grandmother could hope to deal with.

“Sectmaster? Are you the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster?”

The Godwish Grandmother and the Lady of Dao Sea were carefully assessing the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster. Even though the latter didn’t reveal her identity, it was not too hard to deduce her background based on her wear and how Chu Feng and Zi Ling addressed her.

“The Godwish Grandmother and the Lady of Dao Sea. What a resounding reputation the two of you have. I don’t want to interfere in the affairs of the Nine Souls Galaxy, but who could have thought that you would attempt to climb over my head? You dare to touch even my Zi Ling,” the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster eyed the two women lividly.

“It looks like young friend Chu Feng does have quite a background. To think that even the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster is protecting you from the shadows. I do know of the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect. It’s the most mysterious power in the Holy Light Galaxy, such that even the Holy Light Clan is unable to restrain it.

“However, no matter how formidable the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect is, it’s nothing but a mere power in the Holy Light Galaxy. Have you forgotten that you’re now in the Nine Souls Galaxy?

“Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster, this might be our first meeting, but I’ll at least accord you some respect. As long as you stay out of this, I won’t hurt you. However, if you force me to make my move… this will be your plight.”

The Godwish Grandmother pointed her finger at Shengguang Baimei, who was lying helplessly inside the pit beneath her.

“Hahaha!”

However, the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster burst into thunderous laughter after hearing those words. This was the first time Chu Feng saw her laughing in such a manner. It was filled with disdain, but there were traces of sorrow to it too. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It was a while before the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster finally reined in her smile and reverted back to her usual stern expression.

“Song Shufen and Song Fenghong, you sisters sure have grown arrogant. To think that you would dare threaten me!” the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster sneered.

The faces of both the Godwish Grandmother and the Lady of Dao Sea warped in shock.

Song Shufen and Song Fenghong; those names sounded so foreign yet familiar. They had almost forgotten them by this point till the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster voiced them aloud.

Song Shufen was the Godwish Grandmother’s name whereas Song Fenghong was the Lady of Dao Sea’s name. However, no one should have known about them.

“W-who are you?”

Both the Godwish Grandmother and the Lady of Dao Sea asked with quivering voices. They seemed to have thought of something that shook them to their core.

“Given the heights the two of you have reached, where even a human’s life no longer means a thing to you anymore, I doubt that you would remember who I am anymore.”

The words of the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster were filled with thorns, but her appearance started to change. Her aged face quickly grew younger before finally halting at that of a dignified middle-aged woman.

It was the appearance the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster usually maintained.

The Godwish Grandmother and the Lady of Dao Sea froze in place.

“Why are you looking at me with such eyes? Does my appearance trigger your memory?” the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster asked with a wry smile.

“Disciple Song Fenghong pays respects to master!”

The Lady of Dao Sea kneeled before the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster and kowtowed.

The Godwish Grandmother also quickly snapped out of the daze and did the same too.

“Master, I was foolish to have not been able to recognize you! Please punish me for my transgression!”

The Godwish Grandmother’s attitude wasn’t just humble; it was filled with respect too. It was a huge contrast from her earlier arrogant attitude.

Zi Ling, Chu Feng, Daoist Niantian, and Song Yun were stunned. They never expected there to be such a relationship between the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster and the Godwish Grandmother and the Lady of Dao Sea.

Chu Feng had known all along that the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster was an incredible figure, but who could have thought that even renowned figures like the Godwish Grandmother and the Lady of Dao Sea were her disciples?

This made him realize that there was much more to the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster than what he was seeing.

“I never thought that the two of you would actually remember me.”

Seeing how the two of them had humbled themselves, the stern look on the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster slightly alleviated.

“Master, you saved our lives back then and imparted to us the way to cultivate. We’ll never forget your grace! Our lives belong to you!”

The Lady of Dao Sea started tearing up as she spoke, seemingly reminiscing the past.

“Master, you suddenly went missing after we parted back then. We weren’t able to find you no matter where we searched. We thought that we would never see you again. Heaven isn’t blind after all. We’re blessed to be able to meet you once again!”

The Godwish Grandmother also started tearing up.

It didn’t seem to be an act. Their words and actions appeared to be their earnest feelings. The two of them harbored deep feelings for the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster.

“Zi Ling is my closed-door disciple. Even though I didn’t officially accept the two of you as my disciple, there’s no denying that you have received my guidance. In a sense, you’re considered her senior.

“Yet, the two of you took advantage of her weakness and exploited her. I really shouldn’t have saved the two of you back then and imparted to you the way to cultivate,” the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster said with a sigh.

“Master, I was unaware that Zi Ling is your disciple. If I had known, I would have never dared to hurt her. My foolish acts have left you deeply disappointed. Please punish me.”

The Godwish Grandmother began kowtowing once more.

“Master, I didn’t heed your teachings and have let you down. Please punish me.”

The Lady of Dao Sea also did the same too.

They were sincerely asking for punishment to allay the guilt they felt.

“The two of you ought to be punished, but the one who deserved to be punished the most is that lass over there.”

The Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster pointed her finger at Song Yun.

“Since the soul power is only useful in full, you should take it all out to treat Zi Ling.”

The Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster raised her hand, and Song Yun’s body began floating in mid-air.

Gah!

Song Yun let out a wretched cry, and a stream of aura started flowing out from her body. It was the soul power she had previously obtained from the Monstrous King’s Soul Mound!

] Starvecleric & Yang Wenli's Thoughts

]

] 3/5