Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5000: The Person Who Can Save Song Yun

“Wuuu!”

Song Yun suddenly let out a pained moan in the midst of their journey. The Godwish Grandmother was carrying the sleeping Song Yun behind her, so everyone heard her moan loud and clear.

She fell silent right afterward, but her breathing started to grow shallow. It looked like she would lose her life at this rate.

Panicked, the Godwish Grandmother quickly took out the bottle the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster had given her and fed a pill to Song Yun. At the same time, she began constructing a formation to treat Song Yun.

Thanks to the pill and the formation, Song Yun’s condition stabilized for the time being.

However, Chu Feng and the Lady of Dao Sea frowned upon seeing that.

The Godwish Grandmother wasn’t just a rank nine Martial Exalted level cultivator; she was also a rank nine Dragon Transformation Sensation world spiritist. Her prowess in formations far surpassed even that of Chu Feng and the Lady of Dao Sea.

A powerful world spiritist like her was personally treating Song Yun’s affliction, but despite so, Song Yun’s condition had visibly deteriorated from before. The agitated look on the Godwish Grandmother’s face showed that she had already done everything she could.

Needless to say, it was unlikely that Chu Feng or the Lady of Dao Sea could do anything to help either. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Things weren’t looking optimistic. At this rate, Song Yun might really lose her life.

“Junior Chu Feng.”

The Godwish Grandmother suddenly turned around and kneeled in front of Chu Feng.

“Elder, what are you doing?”

Chu Feng quickly rushed over to support her up, but she refused to stand up. Two streams of tears could be seen trickling down the Godwish Grandmother’s cheeks. She even began kowtowing.

“Junior Chu Feng, I know that you must hate our Yun’er after her attempt to snatch Junior Zi Ling’s soul power, but she only did it because she truly needed it. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have engaged the help of those from the Totem Galaxy to open the Monstrous King’s Soul Mound.

“You also know that those people from the Totem Galaxy are much more dangerous than those from the Eastern Region. If we were to offend them, it’s likely that Yun’er and I would be forced to wander around the world of cultivation, constantly fearing for our lives. Yet, I still chose to do so. That should be enough to show just how important the soul power was to Yun’er.

“I was aware of how important Junior Zi Ling is to you, and I knew that our deeds will incur your hatred. It’s only a matter of time before you grow powerful and pose a threat to us, and that would be fatal once we make an enemy out of you. Due to that, I even considered taking your life at one point in time.

“When Yun’er learned about that, she adamantly opposed it. She knew that what she was going to do will make you hate her and even exact vengeance on her, but she still didn’t allow me to harm you. You might reserve doubts regarding what I’ve just said, but Yun’er really likes you. She cares deeply for you.

“She’s no ordinary child. Her body contains demonic power, resulting in her twisted personality. There were times when she would even direct her killing intent toward me, her very mother. This is the first time I’ve seen her displaying so much care and concern toward someone.”

The words of the Godwish Grandmother struck a chord in Chu Feng’s heart. His instincts told him that the Godwish Grandmother wasn’t lying to him, for he could see for himself just how well Song Yun had treated him all this while.

Furthermore, what the Godwish Grandmother said made perfect sense too.

The Monstrous King’s Soul Mound was discovered and opened by the Godwish Grandmother, and they even offended those from the Totem Galaxy for that. From their perspective, it was perfectly reasonable why they didn’t want to share the soul power with Zi Ling and even sought to take it away.

It was not to say what Song Yun and the Godwish Grandmother did was right, but there was no denying that both Chu Feng and Zi Ling had a part to play in Song Yun’s current plight too.

If there was another choice, Chu Feng would rather settle this matter amicably. He wouldn’t want Song Yun to die because of this.

“Elder, I understand your difficulties. I also see Song Yun as a friend too, and Zi Ling doesn’t harbor a grudge toward Song Yun either. She even told me to do everything I can to help Song Yun wherever possible. If there’s anything I can do to save Song Yun, please tell me,” Chu Feng said.

“There is a person who can save Yun’er, so I hope to take Yun’er there first before bringing you to look for the Sagacious Grandmaster. Don’t worry, Junior Chu Feng. We’ll definitely be able to make it in time,” the Godwish Grandmother pleaded.

Chu Feng didn’t expect the Godwish Grandmother to go to the extent of kowtowing to him just to request to take a detour.

“Alright. Since there’s someone who is able to save Song Yun, let’s go look for him first,” Chu Feng accepted the request decisively.

“Young hero Chu Feng, this is a rare opportunity for us to find Yin Ren. If we miss this opportunity, we might just miss him for good. You also know how large the world of cultivation is. You shouldn’t take this risk. We can have the Lady of Dao Sea take Song Yun to that person to have her treated while the Godwish Grandmother accompanies us to look for Yin Ren,” Shengguang Baimei advised.

In truth, they could simply split into two teams. The Lady of Dao Sea could bring Song Yun with her to get her treated while the Godwish Grandmother followed them to where the Sagacious Grandmaster was.

They needed to have the Godwish Grandmother with them as they wouldn’t be strong enough to deal with Master Yin Ren on their own.

“That won’t do. I’ll have to tag along as well, or else you wouldn’t be able to meet him. In the worst-case scenario, you might even meet with danger. Junior Chu Feng, trust me on this. I’ve already calculated how long the journey will take, and we’ll definitely be able to make it there before the Sagacious Grandmaster comes out of his closed-door training,” the Godwish Grandmother pleaded.

“Elder, lead the way. We’ll have Song Yun treated first.”

Chu Feng made up his mind.

“Thank you, Junior Chu Feng.”

The Godwish Grandmother quickly changed their direction and headed toward another teleportation formation. According to her, they would be able to reach their destination faster using another teleportation formation.

“Elder, who is the person you’re looking for?” Chu Feng couldn’t help but ask.

The Godwish Grandmother had mentioned that it would be difficult to meet that person, and it might even pose some danger. That was a bizarre statement to make considering how many top-notch experts of the Nine Souls Galaxy were gathered here.

That suggested that the person they were meeting was at least at rank nine Martial Exalted level, likely even stronger than Lady of Dao Sea and Shengguang Baimei. That would easily make him a powerhouse of the Nine Souls Galaxy.

Furthermore, the Godwish Grandmother said that he would be able to treat Song Yun when even the Godwish Grandmother was helpless toward it. That piqued Chu Feng’s curiosity.

“He isn’t from the Eastern Region, and he’s not someone you would want to trifle with. That being said, he shouldn’t make things difficult for you as long as you don’t provoke him. Make sure you don’t run your mouth when you meet him later on,” the Godwish Grandmother said.

“That makes me even more curious. Who exactly is he?” Shengguang Baimei asked indignantly, thinking that the Godwish Grandmother was looking down on them.

“Have you heard of the Netherworld Sect?” the Godwish Grandmother asked.