Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Chapter 5017: What Will Happen?

In the plains of an Upper Realm located in the Nine Souls Galaxy, there was a deserted old village. No one was living in this village anymore, and its buildings were tattered under the erosion of time.

Such places were actually quite common in the Nine Souls Galaxy. Putting aside mere villages, there were even abandoned cities as well.

Usually, no one would pay any attention to a place like this, but there were numerous figures floating above the village at this very moment. They were all renowned figures of the Nine Souls Galaxy, and that was only counting those out in the open.

There were even more people hiding in the shadows, and they included Shengguang Baimei, Daoist Niantian, and the Lady of Dao Sea.

These experts were appearing here because this place was where the Sagacious Grandmaster was born, his hometown.

It might be out of reminiscence of his hometown, but the Sagacious Grandmaster would always choose to go into closed-door training here. For that reason, those who were familiar with him would always wait for him in this deserted village.

However, their eyes were currently not on the village itself but a distance away from it, where multiple layers of brilliant light stacked upon one another like terrifying beasts threatening to devour the world.

It should have been the middle of the night right now, but the sheer radiance made it look even brighter than daytime.

However, this wasn’t a phenomenon. Three powerful forces were currently clashing against one another.

As soon as the Sagacious Grandmaster came out of closed-door training, Master Yin Ren stepped out and invited the Sagacious Grandmaster to work together with him.

What Master Yin Ren didn’t know was that the Godwish Grandmother and Shengguang Baimei had been waiting in the vicinity too. Unlike the others, they weren’t waiting for the Sagacious Grandmother but Master Yin Ren.

Thus, the moment Master Yin Ren appeared, the Godwish Grandmother revealed the intention behind her visit. She wanted Master Yin Ren to hand over Xian Miaomiao and Princess Xiaoxiao.

And when Master Yin Ren turned her down, the Godwish Grandmother made her move.

Everyone thought that the outcome of the battle was clear. Despite Master Yin Ren’s resounding reputation as the number one world spiritist of the Nine Souls Galaxy, he was still nowhere close to matching the Godwish Grandmother.

Those who were unaware of the truth thought that Master Yin Ren was out of his mind to dare challenge the Godwish Grandmother. It was only when they started crossing blows that the crowd was shocked to realize that Master Yin Ren was more powerful than they had thought.

The Godwish Grandmother even fell into a disadvantageous position.

For some reason, the Sagacious Grandmaster, who had been spectating the battle thus far, suddenly joined the fray on the Godwish Grandmother’s side, working together with her to curb Master Yin Ren.

The Sagacious Grandmaster proved to be a formidable foe too.

Both Master Yin Ren and the Godwish Grandmother were using martial power whereas the Sagacious Grandmaster used his spirit power.

Even so, the situation was hardly optimistic. Even with the Godwish Grandmother and the Sagacious Grandmaster combining forces, they were only able to barely fight Master Yin Ren to a draw. They weren’t able to defeat him.

At this rate, it was only a matter of time before the Godwish Grandmother and the Sagacious Grandmaster lost the battle.

“I didn’t think that Yin Ren would be this powerful. The Sagacious Grandmaster isn’t just a rank nine Dragon Transformation Sensation world spiritist; he also possesses means that allow him to rival enemies a rank stronger than him. His most recent closed-door training is a huge success. Yet, despite joining forces with my older sister, they are still unable to curb Yin Ren?”

The Lady of Dao Sea had a tight frown on her forehead. All this while, she thought that Master Yin Ren was no more than a small fry, but the current situation told her that she had been underestimating how dangerous the latter was.

The thought that someone that powerful was scheming something behind everyone’s back left her feeling frightful.

It would be one thing if they could win this battle, but if they were to lose this fight, there might just be no one left in the Nine Souls Galaxy who could stop Master Yin Ren. Even the Nine Souls Sacred Clan might find their hands tied against him.

That left the Lady of Dao Sea with an ominous premonition.

“Could this mean that a calamity is going to befall our Nine Souls Galaxy? But the person who can break the calamity has already left…” the Lady of Dao Sea murmured worriedly.

Using the Spirit Rock of Prophecies, she had prophesied that the Nine Souls Galaxy would face a huge calamity, and the one who could stop the calamity was none other than her disciple, Wang Yuxian.

In order to put a halt to the calamity, the Lady of Dao Sea had practically imparted everything she knew to Wang Yuxian. Fortunately, Wang Yuxian hadn’t let her down either. She became a renowned prodigy of the Nine Souls Galaxy.

However, the prophecy suddenly changed halfway through. It prophesied another person who could stop the calamity, and the person was none other than Chu Feng.

The Lady of Dao Sea was initially skeptical about it, thinking that the affairs of the Nine Souls Galaxy shouldn’t be left in the hands of an outsider. However, as she watched Chu Feng’s growth, her thoughts began to waver.

Chu Feng was simply growing too fast. To this day, he had already completely surpassed her disciple, Wang Yuxian.

Yin Ren had finally torn off his mask today, revealing his terrifying strength and a huge scheme. This made the Lady of Dao Sea suspect that the impending calamity might have something to do with Yin Ren.

If Chu Feng was the only one who could save them from this calamity, what would happen to the Nine Souls Galaxy now that he was gone?