Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5021: Lord Taibai

“Our Netherworld Sect rarely gets involved in secular affairs, but we have our own reasons when we do. I’ve revealed my identity to you so as to give you a reason to step down. Chu Feng is a member of our Netherworld Sect, so his business is our Netherworld Sect’s business. Isn’t that enough reason for me to get involved?” the Netherworld Envoy replied.

“I understand. What if I refuse?” the middle-aged man replied.

“Then you’ll be making an enemy out of the Netherworld Sect. Does your Pill Dao Immortal Sect has the guts to do that?” the Netherworld Envoy replied.

“Heh… Guts?”

The middle-aged man laughed deeply before pulling his robe open to reveal his chest. There should have been a formation at his heart, implanted into his body while he was still a child. However, the formation has been utterly destroyed, inflicting irreparable harm to his heart.

The scar that remained was glaring.

“Since you know that I’m from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect, you should understand what this scar means,” the middle-aged man said.

“You’re an exile. Since you have been exiled from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect, why are you still wearing its robes and posing yourself as a member?” the Netherworld Envoy asked.

“Regardless of whether I have been exiled or not, the blood that flows inside me is that of the Pill Dao Immortal Sect. Who has the right to say otherwise if I identify myself as a member of the Pill Dao Immortal Sect?”

The middle-aged man’s tone had gotten a little heavier, and there was a hint of rage in his voice.

“Since you still identify yourself as a member of the Pill Dao Immortal Sect, I trust that you still care about it. If that’s the case, you should understand what it means to make an enemy out of the Netherworld Sect,” the Netherworld Envoy replied.

“I do care about the Pill Dao Immortal Sect, but not those lowlifes in it. Besides, aren’t you putting yourself on a pedestal here? You’re nothing more than a lowly Netherworld Envoy, a grunt of the Netherworld Sect. Do you think that you’re qualified to threaten me using the Netherworld Envoy’s name?

“Furthermore, who would know if I kill you right here?”

The middle-aged man suddenly charged forward the next moment.

Woosh!

The roar of a ferocious beast, produced by the clashing of martial power, echoed in the sky.

“They have started fighting again. It looks like there’ll be a conclusion this time.”

Chu Feng and the others couldn’t hear the conversation between the Netherworld Envoy and the middle-aged man from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect, so they didn’t know what happened. All they saw was a brief respite in that intense battle.

However, the fight that broke out afterward was even more intense than before. It was likely that they were planning to put an end to this fight.

So, Chu Feng and the others looked at the sky with tight frowns. Even Sima Xiangtu looked a little worried.

They knew that the outcome of this battle would determine their fates.

Weng!

Chu Feng suddenly felt a surge of energy wrapping around him, and his surroundings started to change. By the time it was all over, he was astounded to find that he was already standing in the midst of another land.

The place he was at previously had already been ravaged by the clash between the two Half-God cultivators, making it no different from a living hell. However, the place where Chu Feng was brought to consisted of a grass field filled with flowers.

What was above him wasn’t overwhelming martial power but a beautiful starry night sky.

He had been transported far away from where he was originally at, and the person who took him away was none other than the Netherworld Envoy.

The Netherworld Envoy was standing beside Chu Feng at this very moment, but his condition didn’t look too optimistic. Half of his body had been devastated.

He had lost the battle.

“Elder, are you alright?”

Chu Feng quickly released his spirit power in an attempt to treat the Netherworld Envoy, but his means were simply too weak. He was unable to help the latter by much.

“It’s just a small wound. Those from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect are really not to be underestimated. Despite being of the same cultivation level, I wasn’t a match for him,” the Netherworld Envoy sighed.

Indignance could be heard from his tone.

“Elder, you…”

Chu Feng felt guilt-ridden.

It was the Netherworld Envoy who told him to step forward earlier on, promising to lend him a helping hand. Nevertheless, Chu Feng knew that the Netherworld Envoy had only gotten injured because of him.

Seeing Chu Feng’s anxious look, the Netherworld Envoy said, “You’re truly a loyal friend. I finally understand why you’re so determined to save your friend. It’s not that I didn’t want to take your friends along with us, but I’m unable to do so. In fact, I was only able to take you with me thanks to the formation I left on you beforehand.

“However, you need not worry. Your friends will be saved. This isn’t an affair between you and Sima Xiangtu anymore.”

The Netherworld Envoy told Chu Feng about how he had revealed his identity to that man from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect, only to be snubbed.

“Elder, you intend to continue helping me?” Chu Feng asked.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I’m not just helping you now. I’ll teach that arrogant man a lesson for daring to underestimate me. Does he really take me for just an ordinary Netherworld Envoy? Follow me.”

Chu Feng could sense the Netherworld Envoy’s rage. The latter was so agitated that he insisted on traveling despite having half of his body blown away.

…

Meanwhile, the Godwish Grandmother and the others were still oblivious as to what had happened. They had only noticed that Chu Feng had suddenly gone missing.

It was only when the middle-aged man from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect started descending from the sky that the crowd realized that things had gone awry. By this point, it was clear what was the outcome of the fight.

“Milord, did that man get away?” Sima Xiangtu stepped forward and asked.

“Mm,” the middle-aged man replied.

He turned his eyes to the crowd, who had been tied up by Sima Xiangtu, and asked, “How do you plan to deal with them?”

“Milord, these people are of use to me. We can’t kill them yet,” Sima Xiangtu replied.

“Capture them. I’ll tell you more about it later on,” the middle-aged man replied.

“Understood.”

Sima Xiangtu quickly stuffed the Godwish Grandmother, Shengguang Baimei, and everyone else into the same prison where the Ox-nosed Old Daoist and Princess Xiaoxiao were in. Then, he reverted the spirit formation gate back into his eyeball before popping it back into his eye socket.

“Can’t you use a more normal spirit formation cage? Disgusting,” the middle-aged man said disdainfully.

“Milord, this spirit formation cage of mine is a treasure,” Sima Xiangtu replied with a smile.

It was rare for him to show such a fawning attitude.

“That young man from earlier on is called Chu Feng, right?” the middle-aged man asked.

“Yes, Milord,” Sima Xiangtu replied.

“That helper Chu Feng brought isn’t any ordinary figure. He’s from the Netherworld Sect,” the middle-aged man replied.

“Netherworld Sect? Lord Taibai, are you certain about that? He’s really from the Netherworld Sect?”

Terror showed on Sima Xiangtu’s face. He had heard of the Netherworld Sect too.