Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5025: The One Who Could Save the Nine Souls Galaxy

Chu Feng looked into the cell once more. This time, he could see what was inside because the formation energy shrouding it had dissipated

The first thing that came into his sight was the formation that filled the cells of the wall. It was an extremely powerful formation, and it was not an easy feat to construct it either.

At the very least, it was not something Chu Feng was capable of constructing with his current means.

A man was trapped at the heart of the formation. He appeared to be in his forties, but his hair had turned completely white. His hands and feet were shackled by chains extending out from the formation. He hung limply in the air with his limbs spread wide.

There were no injuries on him, but he looked emaciated. His cheeks were sunken, and it looked like he was in a terrible state. That was likely to be a result of the torture he had been put through.

Chu Feng already had a good idea who the man inside the cell was.

“You are the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief?” Chu Feng asked.

He still wanted to verify his guess.

The other party was unaware of Chu Feng’s presence. It was only upon hearing his voice that he slowly raised his head. His movements were painfully laborious due to his severely weakened state.

Nevertheless, the flames of wrath could be seen burning in his eyes.

The moment he saw Chu Feng, a hint of surprise surfaced in his angry eyes.

“You… aren’t a lackey of Yin Ren… Who are you?” the man asked.

He didn’t answer Chu Feng’s question directly, but his response was more than enough to verify his identity.

“You really are the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief? Who could have thought that the lofty Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief would actually be imprisoned and tortured in your very clan’s own cell? This must be retribution,” Chu Feng scoffed with a contemptuous smile.

Even though Xian Miaomiao was currently in Sima Xiangtu’s grasp, the culprit behind her current state was still none other than the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief.

“W-who are you?” the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief asked.

“I am Xian Miaomiao’s friend, Chu Feng,” Chu Feng replied.

“Chu Feng? That’s not right. Chu Feng doesn’t look like that,” the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief said.

“Take a closer look then.”

Chu Feng’s appearance swiftly reverted back to its original appearance.

“You really are Chu Feng? What are you doing here? Ah… You must have found out about Miaomiao’s affairs and came here to find her,” the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief said.

He was aware of Chu Feng’s appearance even though it was their first meeting.

“I’m indeed here to save Miaomiao, but I’m delighted to see that you’re receiving the punishment you deserve,” Chu Feng replied.

“It looks like you’re aware of what happened. Chu Feng, I know that I have let down my younger sister and Miaomiao. I admit to all of the crimes I have committed, and I’m willing to be punished for them too. However, a huge calamity is about to befall our Nine Souls Sacred Clan.

“I hope that you can do me a favor and find someone in my stead. That person is the only one who can save our Nine Souls Galaxy. Chu Feng, I’m begging you. For the masses of the Nine Souls Galaxy, you have to take this trip for me,” the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief pleaded.

He was the lofty Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief. Unless forced to a corner, he would have never taken such a subservient attitude.

Chu Feng’s true motive was to find out more about Sima Xiangtu from the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief, but he didn’t expect the latter to utter such words. So, he decided not to waste any time and enquire deeper into it.

“Who is the person you’re speaking of?”

“This person is…”

But before the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief could finish his words, he suddenly became extremely weak before losing consciousness. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Hey, wake up. Don’t fall asleep at a time like this.”

Chu Feng quickly released his spirit power to set up a recovery formation, hoping to heal the feeble Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief.

Weng!

But as soon as his spirit power seeped through the cell, the formation inside whirred into action once more. That very instant, Chu Feng sensed the aura of death.

The formation inside the cell had released a terrifying surge of energy with the intent to not torture but kill. What made things worse was that this surge of energy wasn’t directed at the Nine Souls Sacred Clan’s Clan Chief but Chu Feng.

There must have been some sort of mechanism in the formation, and Chu Feng had triggered the mechanism. That was why the formation was trying to take his life.

To Chu Feng’s despair, the formation was far too strong that he didn’t even have the chance to escape. He could only helplessly wait for his death.

Pah!

At that critical moment, Chu Feng felt a hand grabbing his shoulder.

Shoosh!

The surroundings began rushing past him. In a matter of moments, he was already out of the prison and away from the Nine Souls Sacred Clan. By the time he finally came to a halt, he was already in a faraway location.

He scanned his surroundings and found that he was in the middle of a small hill filled with verdant grass. Beside him stood a man.

It was this man who had saved him from the grasp of danger earlier on.

It was just that this man was dressed in a loose hooded robe that covered all of his features, so Chu Feng wasn’t able to make out his appearance. In fact, he wouldn’t even have been able to make out whether the other party was a man or a woman if not for the wide palm he felt on his shoulder earlier on.

If one thing was for certain, this man was extremely powerful. He had to be at pinnacle Martial Exalted level at the very minimum.

“Elder, thank you for saving my life.”

Chu Feng lowered his head and thanked the other party. If not for the other party, he might have lost his life in the prison.

However, something shocking happened right after.

“It’s too early to say thanks. If you wish to save your friends, I can help you.”

The other party offered help to Chu Feng, something that he desperately lacked at the moment. That was no different from delivering coal in the midst of a snowstorm!

However, that was not what Chu Feng was surprised by. He was more surprised by the other party’s voice.

He had deduced from the other party’s hand that he was a man, but the voice coming from the hooded robe belonged to a woman!