Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5033: Forced to a Corner

“First Slash, Heavenly Lightning Appearance!”

Knowing that he was in a bad position, Chu Feng quickly executed the First Slash of the Heavenly Lightning Nine Levels Slashes once more.

He could tell that the black-robed man was no easy opponent, and he was severely weakened by the backlash he was going through. Given so, he wanted to avoid dragging the battle out and end it in a single strike.

Tzzz!

Lightning crackled on the Immemorial Hero’s Sword once more. It was weaker than before, but the might it harnessed still reached a level comparable to that of a rank eight Martial Exalted level cultivator.

Chu Feng swung down his sword and released a lightning arc toward the black-robed man.

In response, the black-robed man raised his arm and black aura began gushing out from his palm.

Shoosh! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The black aura soon collided with the lightning arc, causing martial power to ripple into the surroundings. It was an intense clash.

The lightning arc mercilessly destroyed the black aura, but there was an endless flood of black aura standing in its way. It was gradually pushing its way closer to the black-robed man, but it was unable to break free of the restraints of the black aura.

In this clash, the lightning arc clearly held the advantage, but the black aura was not to be made light of. In fact, the prowess emanated by the black aura had reached rank eight Martial Exalted level as well.

“He has a Heaven-defying battle power of three cultivation ranks?”

Chu Feng was deeply conflicted to see that. He had encountered countless talented juniors in his many years, but never had he seen anyone who could rival cultivators three ranks stronger like him without relying on any treasures or external means.

Furthermore, the black-robed man wasn’t relying on any special means to raise his cultivation, unlike Chu Feng. Somehow, his means simply granted his fighting prowess comparable to that of a rank eight Martial Exalted level cultivator.

This was probably the toughest opponent Chu Feng had ever encountered amongst the juniors.

His overexertion from executing the First Slash of the Heavenly Lightning Nine Levels Slashes a second time had caused him to bleed from his seven apertures, and huge mouthfuls of blood were spilling out of his mouth. He felt like his organs were rupturing, and the slightest movements would cause his bones to shatter inward.

This was the price he had to pay for executing such a powerful move consecutively. Anyone else in Chu Feng’s position would have fainted from the sheer pain, but Chu Feng gritted his teeth and held on with his powerful willpower.

“I never thought that a rank five Martial Exalted level cultivator would be able to force me this far,” Chu Feng said with a smirk.

It looked oddly out of place on his bloodstained face, but it reflected his tenacity. He was determined to fight to the end even at the risk of his life.

Thus, Chu Feng lifted the Immemorial Hero’s Sword once more and exerted even greater pressure. Lightning crackled on his sword with greater fervor than before, illuminating the surroundings with its blinding light.

“Second Slash, Heavenly Lightning Transformation!”

Tzzzz!

Chu Feng pointed his sword at the black-robed man, and numerous bolts of lightning began surging toward him. Everything that stood in the path of the lightning bolts were utterly decimated. Even the black aura was mercilessly torn apart without putting up much of a resistance.

This was the Second Slash of the Heavenly Lightning Nine Levels Slashes, bestowing upon its user the ability to rival enemies two cultivation ranks stronger. Given that Chu Feng’s current cultivation level was at rank seven Martial Exalted level, his Heavenly Lightning Transformation harnessed might comparable to that of rank nine Martial Exalted level cultivators.

“This!”

The black-robed man widened his eyes in horror at the incoming lightning bolts.

Boom!

There was a series of loud explosions.

The black-robed man vanished from sight, leaving just a trace of his aura lingering in the surroundings.

The victor of the battle was Chu Feng!

However, Chu Feng dared not to linger in the area. He quickly grabbed Jiang Kongping and bound him with his formation before hurriedly leaving the area.

Everything had been normal outside Lush Immortal City, but a large number of cultivators suddenly started rushing out of the city gates. This anomaly swiftly caught the attention of those from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect.

“Milord, bad news!”

After enquiring about the situation, the crowd from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect started to panic.

It turned out that Chu Feng’s fight with Jiang Kongping and the black-robed man had alarmed the entire city. The juniors had never seen a fight of such caliber before, so they naturally panicked.

They had no idea what was going on and which experts were crossing blows, but they decisively chose to make their escape so as to avoid getting implicated.

This was a cause of alarm for those from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect as Jiang Kongping was currently inside the city. Considering that this was a fight that could alarm all of the juniors inside Lush Immortal City, there was a good chance that it had something to do with Jiang Kongping.

“Send our men in to comb the city. No matter what, we have to find young master Kongping!” the white-haired elder of the Pill Dao Immortal Sect ordered.

He had no idea whether Jiang Kongping was in danger or not, but he could only pray hard for that not to be the case. Otherwise, he would be in huge trouble.

Little did he know that it was already too late.

Chu Feng had already left Lush Immortal City with Jiang Kongping. Knowing that there was a massive formation around the city that scanned anyone entering or leaving the city, he made sure to take countermeasures against that when he left.

Due to that, those from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect failed to detect Chu Feng or Jiang Kongping when they left the city.

The operation was a success, but Chu Feng’s situation wasn’t optimistic at all. He was using a speed enhancement formation to travel as fast as he could, but his eyes had already grown lifeless.

He had already lost consciousness.

The severe backlash he had sustained had pushed his body to its breaking point, such that it was no longer possible for him to remain conscious.

It was based on sheer willpower and determination that his body was instinctively escaping from Lush Immortal City, but it went without saying that he wouldn’t be able to get too far away with his body in tatters.

While he was flying past a sea, he finally succumbed to his injuries and plopped into the water, sinking into its cold depths.

Just like that, Chu Feng passed out for three whole days.