Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5034: Who Is This Boy? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

For three whole days, Chu Feng’s body remained submerged in the bottom of the sea.

All of a sudden, there was a stir in the seawater. A massive shadow was approaching Chu Feng. It was a 3000 meters long sea behemoth.

Before it, Chu Feng looked nothing more than a speck of dust.

It first took a moment to assess Chu Feng before opening its mouth wide, intending to gobble him whole. However, fear swiftly surfaced in its eyes. It quickly turned tail and disappeared in the darkness of the sea.

Over the past three days, there had been countless sea beasts who had tried to approach Chu Feng in hopes of getting a quick snack, but as soon as they attempted to attack him, Chu Feng’s body would automatically emanate a powerful aura that sent them scrambling in fear.

He might be unconscious, but his body was still instinctively protecting him.

Of course, his body was incapable of attacking at the moment, but his aura was more than sufficient to intimidate these sea beasts.

After all, he was a rank four Martial Exalted level cultivator and a rank seven Dragon Transformation Sensation world spiritist!

The only problem was that he was showing no signs of awakening from his deep slumber. To make things worse, his body had been steadily weakening over the last three days. At this rate, it was only a matter of time before he breathed his last.

Someone had been watching as all of this unfolded.

This person was also in the sea, but he was watching from the shadows with his presence concealed. He was keeping a distance away from Chu Feng, though he could still clearly perceive every single one of the latter’s movements.

He was none other than the Netherworld General of the Netherworld Sect.

That day, after the Netherworld Envoy took his leave, Chu Feng dived into the black lake in hopes of finding the Netherworld General. He wasn’t able to find anyone, but his actions caught the Netherworld General’s attention.

Ever since then, the Netherworld General had been observing Chu Feng from the dark.

He was with Chu Feng when the latter went to the Nine Souls Sacred Clan. In fact, he even secretly left a formation imprint on Chu Feng’s body.

This was also the reason why the Netherworld General was able to swiftly find Chu Feng even though the latter had disguised himself when he escaped from Lush Immortal City.

He scanned the surroundings with sharp eyes that were capable of peering through the darkness of the sea. It was a formidable discernment skill. However, the result of his scanning left him confused.

“Is no one going to save this boy when he’s already in this state? Am I mistaken? Is there really no one protecting him from the shadows? If so… what exactly is the relationship between him and that man?” the Netherworld General mumbled under his breath.

He thought that the man with an axe was secretly protecting Chu Feng from the dark, but it would appear that his guess was wrong.

If someone was truly protecting Chu Feng, there was no way they would leave him in such a state.

“There’s really no one protecting a prodigious junior like him? What the hell are they thinking?”

The Netherworld General felt sorry for Chu Feng.

He wasn’t planning to interfere with Chu Feng’s affairs, but seeing that the latter was already on the verge of death, he decided to make an exception this once.

He took out a black pill that harnessed mysterious energy that caused the surrounding space to quiver. With the pill in hand, he began making his way toward Chu Feng.

“Hm?”

But all of a sudden, his footsteps screeched to a halt. Shock could be seen reflected in his eyes, and it was deepening by the moment.

“Am I seeing things? Surely this can’t be…” the Netherworld General mumbled in astonishment.

Something was happening to Chu Feng’s body. An aura that could be described as an amalgamation of black and red started seeping out from him.

As soon as the aura appeared, every living being in the vicinity of where Chu Feng fled away in a fluster.

It was none other than the black and red aura that had left the powerful Netherworld General so shocked. He knew deep well that the black and red aura was the aura of the Netherworld Embryo.

The Netherworld Embryo was using its aura to treat Chu Feng’s wounds.

But such a thing had never happened before! Despite his many years in the Netherworld Sect, the Netherworld General had never seen or heard of anything like this before.

“The Netherworld Embryo should be in a dormant state. Why would it treat him on its own accord? Is there something special about that boy?” the Netherworld General muttered.

Watching as Chu Feng’s weakened aura swiftly recovered with the help of the Netherworld Embryo, the Netherworld General’s hands began to tremble ever so slightly.

“Just who could this boy be?”

The Netherworld General had known all along that Chu Feng was a prodigy, but this event had completely shattered his expectations. He realized that he had still been underestimating him.

Wu!

A short moment later, Chu Feng finally regained consciousness.

He stood up and nervously scanned his surroundings. Upon confirming that there was no danger, he quickly reached into his robe and took out a formation.

It was a confinement formation, and the one trapped inside it was none other than Jiang Kongping. He heaved a sigh of relief upon seeing that everything was still in order.

Following that, he released his spirit power to scan his surroundings. He had no idea where he was since he had lost consciousness in the midst of escaping, so the first thing he had to do after waking up was to ascertain his whereabouts and his own condition.

“Oh? I healed up better than I thought. How surprising.”

Chu Feng tried moving his body a little and checking his internal condition. He found that his body wasn’t fully recovered yet, but it was doing much better than before. It shouldn’t take long before he makes a full recovery.

This was surprising because he knew how severe the backlash was, especially after he executed the Second Slash of the Heavenly Lightning Nine Levels Slashes. He even wondered if the backlash would take his life.

He thought that even if he survived, he would take a long time to recuperate, and even so, he might sustain some irrecoverable traumas that might plague him for life.

The outcome was much better than he had expected.

Chu Feng was unaware of how close he had come to death as a result of the backlash, and it was only due to the Netherworld Embryo inside him that he was able to recover so well.