Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5035: The Obstinate Jiang Kongping

After confirming that there was nothing wrong with his body, Chu Feng turned to the confinement formation to look at Jiang Kongping.

“Is this pervert thinking of escaping? Thank god I woke up fast, or else you might have just made a getaway,” Chu Feng sneered.

He realized that even though Jiang Kongping was trapped all this while, he had been working hard to break the formation. In fact, he had already discovered the way to do so and would have succeeded if Chu Feng didn’t wake up on time.

If Jiang Kongping had really broken free, Chu Feng would have been the one to suffer.

So, he decided to crush the confinement formation and toss Jiang Kongping onto the ground.

“Friend, we can talk things out. Please don’t beat me up. Have you ever considered that it might just be a misunderstanding? It might sound unbelievable to you, but those people whom I killed aren’t good people. They have all committed grievous crimes, and I only captured them to punish them.

“I admit that I do have peculiar interests, but I am using my own ways to uphold justice in the world!” Jiang Kongping quickly exclaimed with a polite attitude after being flung out of the confinement formation.

His earlier arrogance had vanished without a trace.

However, this was perfectly understandable.

While Jiang Kongping was a rank eight Dragon Transformation Sensation world spiritist, he couldn’t hope to put up a fight against Chu Feng when he was severely injured and bound.

“Take a good look at my face. Do I look like a fool to you?” Chu Feng asked.

“Friend, I’m choosing to come clean to you because I can tell that you’re a wise man who wouldn’t be deceived by appearances!” Jiang Kongping said with a fawning chuckle.

“Is that so?” Chu Feng sneered.

He gathered his spirit power and manifested a thorned whip in his hand.

“I don’t care about those who have died, but do you think that I’d be oblivious that you have been trying to break out of my formation?”

Chu Feng flung his wrist and whipped Jiang Kongping without any hesitation.

Pah pah pah!

His strikes weren’t weak at all. Each whiplash left a glaring laceration on Jiang Kongping’s body. Before long, Jiang Kongping was already bleeding all over.

“Friend, I was wrong. I won’t try to escape anymore. Please, spare me,” Jiang Kongping cried pitifully.

Upon hearing that, Chu Feng decided to give it a rest.

“Jiang Kongping, I’ll put it out here clearly for you. If you don’t want to suffer, you better obediently answer anything I ask you,” Chu Feng said.

“Alright alright! We can talk things through as long as you don’t hit me. I’ll tell you everything I know!” Jiang Kongping said pitifully.

He looked completely different from before.

“Who is that black-robed man?” Chu Feng asked.

He was curious about the black-robed man because the latter possessed the shocking ability to rival opponents three cultivation levels stronger than him, but it didn’t seem like he was from the Pill Dao Immortal Sect. Thus, he was intrigued about the other party’s background.

“The black-robed man? Friend, would you believe me if I said that I don’t know him?” Jiang Kongping said.

“You’re not going to speak the truth?”

Chu Feng flicked his wrist and mercilessly struck Jiang Kongping with his whip.

“Stop hitting me! I really don’t know anything at all. May my entire family drop dead if I speak a single word of falsehood here!” Jiang Kongping exclaimed through gritted teeth.

Desperate to convince Chu Feng of his innocence, he even went to the extent of swearing at his family. It looked like Jiang Kongping really didn’t know anything at all, so Chu Feng retracted his whip.

“My good friend, you have already killed him. Why are you still so concerned about him? Why don’t you ask me about something else? I’ll tell you everything as long as it’s something I know,” Jiang Kongping said.

“Who the hell is your good friend? You damned pervert.”

Chu Feng flicked his wrist and rained two whips down upon Jiang Kongping before carrying on with his interrogation, “Tell me what Sima Xiangtu’s goal is. Why is your Pill Dao Immortal Sect helping him?”

“That… You promise not to hit me if I tell the truth?” Jiang Kongping asked nervously.

“Go on,” Chu Feng said.

“To be honest, I don’t know either,” Jiang Kongping replied weakly.

“Screw you!”

Chu Feng flicked his wrist and whipped Jiang Kongping another two more times.

“You promised not to hit me! Why are you still whipping me?” Jiang Kongping cried indignantly.

“It looks like you aren’t going to say anything until you suffer a little. Why don’t you know anything at all?” Chu Feng roared.

“But… I really don’t know much! I mean, look at me. Do I look like someone who’s involved in such stuff? If so, I wouldn’t be frolicking around in the Lush Immortal Sect and be at the Nine Souls Sacred Clan right now!” Jiang Kongping exclaimed.

Those words made sense to Chu Feng, so he decided not to ask about Sima Xiangtu anymore. Instead, he posed questions about the Pill Dao Immortal Sect.

Yet, Jiang Kongping’s answer to all his questions was ‘I don’t know’.

Chu Feng initially thought that Jiang Kongping really didn’t know anything at all, but he swiftly realized that the latter was intentionally withholding information. There was no way he wouldn’t know anything about the Pill Dao Immortal Sect.

“You’re really asking for a beating.”

Chu Feng retracted his whip, but that didn’t mean that he was intending to let things go. Instead, he resorted to even more extreme means to torture Jiang Kongping.

However, the result only gave Chu Feng a higher opinion of Jiang Kongping.

Chu Feng was confident in his torture methods. Ordinary people wouldn’t be able to hold on for long. He did manage to make Jiang Kongping scream throughout the entire process, to the point that he sounded like a pig in a slaughterhouse.

Yet, despite repeatedly begging for mercy, Jiang Kongping didn’t drop a single tear at all.

Furthermore, he continued to insist that he didn’t know the answers to Chu Feng’s question. That went to show just how tight-lipped he was. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Jiang Kongping swiftly weakened under the torture, to the point where he might lose his life if Chu Feng continued with the torture. Left with no choice, he could only let Jiang Kongping off the hook for the time being and begin making his way back to the Nine Souls Sacred Clan.

Along the way, he treated Jiang Kongping’s injuries. By the time they arrived at the Nine Souls Sacred Clan, half of his injuries were already healed up.

However, when Chu Feng released Jiang Kongping from the confinement formation once more, the latter panicked.

“Friend, what… are you planning to do to me this time?”

As he said those words, Jiang Kongping began to back away. He saw a completed formation in front of him, and as a world spiritist himself, he could tell just how dangerous it was.