Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5046: Awakening Bloodline

It turned out that this was the Lady of Dao Sea’s secret training spot. She had occupied this land for quite a few years now, but never in her wildest imagination had she thought that she would have such a powerful neighbor in this peaceful land.

And of all people, it would actually be the legendary Monstrous Spirit Clan.

“Elder, you mentioned that this phenomenon has something to do with Lele?” Chu Feng asked worriedly.

As beautiful as the phenomenon looked, its power was not to be understated. A person who could trigger such an incredible phenomenon had to be someone formidable. If Wang Yuxian was really behind this, it was a call for celebration.

“It should be. I’ve seen this phenomenon before, just that it looks grander than ever today. Lele might have just successfully awakened her bloodline. Let’s go and take a look,” the Lady of Dao Sea said as she began flying in the direction of the phenomenon.

Chu Feng and the others quickly rushed over too.

Upon arriving at the mountain peak, the Lady of Dao Sea took out a spirit formation key and activated it. A spirit formation gate quickly manifested. Upon passing through the spirit formation gate, the crowd found themselves entering a spirit formation space.

The spirit formation space was vast, comparable to that of a small realm. It was also snowing inside the spirit formation space, but it looked far more impressive than it did outside.

The Lady of Dao Sea led the way forward, and they soon arrived at a city.

There was a tower at the center of the city. A formation was churning inside the tower, shrouding it with spirit power. This was also where the phenomenon was coming from.

Gathered outside the tower were the disciples of the Dao Sea. All of them had excited looks on their faces. They were so engrossed with watching the tower that none of them noticed the arrival of Chu Feng and the others.

It was only when the Lady of Dao Sea spoke up that they were finally alerted to their presence.

“Master, you’re back!”

“Look! Doesn’t it look like our junior has succeeded in her breakthrough?”

The disciples of the Dao Sea quickly gathered around the Lady of Dao Sea’s side.

“From the looks of it, she should have successfully awakened her bloodline. Let’s wait for Lele to come out,” the Lady of Dao Sea spoke with inconcealable excitement.

“Elder, what kind of bloodline does Lele have?” Chu Feng asked curiously.

“I’m not too sure either, but I know that Lele’s potential will be unrivaled if she successfully awakens her bloodline. Let me put it this way. Junior Chu Feng, I know that you possess tremendous talent, and it’s only a matter of time before you surpass us. However, if Lele awakens her bloodline, she might just be able to keep pace with your footsteps,” the Lady of Dao Sea replied proudly.

She began to share her first meeting with Wang Yuxian.

It happened due to this very phenomenon. The snow had guided the Lady of Dao Sea to Wang Yuxian. Even at first sight, the Lady of Dao Sea could tell that the phenomenon wasn’t caused by a Divine Power but an incredible amount of energy lying latent inside Wang Yuxian’s body.

That was why she started devoting resources to grooming Wang Yuxian.

Wang Yuxian didn’t let her down either. She grew at an incredible pace, even becoming the strongest junior of the Nine Souls Galaxy.

What excited the Lady of Dao Sea more was that the current talent displayed by Wang Yuxian wasn’t her full potential yet. According to Wang Yuxian, she had only managed to grasp 30% of her bloodline ability thus far. If she could take full control of it, her strength would likely grow by leaps and bounds.

Wang Yuxian had been working hard toward that over the years. She had managed to build up a strong foundation thus far, and all she was lacking now was an impetus for a breakthrough.

The phenomenon occurring right now was even grander than what the Lady of Dao Sea saw when she first met Wang Yuxian. That was how she was able to deduce that Wang Yuxian had managed to awaken her bloodline ability.

“Little sister, you never told me that your disciple had such a powerful bloodline. You have surely kept this secret well hidden from me!”

The Godwish Grandmother expressed her envy upon hearing how formidable Wang Yuxian’s bloodline was.

“Big sister, I have told you before that my disciple isn’t to be underestimated. It’s not without reason that I’ve gone so far to nurture her talents. You’re finally starting to see how formidable our Lele is, right?” the Lady of Dao Sea replied gleefully.

“I also didn’t know that Lele has such a formidable bloodline.”

Chu Feng could feel how impressive the phenomenon was, which was why he could tell that the Lady of Dao Sea wasn’t just bragging here. Wang Yuxian’s bloodline was indeed a formidable one.

“Are you really unaware just what kind of bloodline is this?” Yu Sha suddenly spoke up.

“Yu Sha, could it be that you recognize Lele’s bloodline?” Chu Feng asked.

“I have heard my elders mentioning it in passing once. In your world of cultivation, there are a few impressive bloodlines aside from the Heavenly Bloodline. Of them, there’s one that induces a snowstorm. I have never seen it in person, but what we’re seeing here resembles what my elders described back then,” Yu Sha said.

“Is there a name for that bloodline?” Chu Feng asked curiously.

“There is. It’s called Saintsnow Immortal Pulse,” Yu Sha said.

“Saintsnow Immortal Pulse? Do you know the abilities of this bloodline?” Chu Feng asked.

“I’m afraid not. I only know that the Saintsnow Immortal Pulse isn’t hereditary. Similar to Divine Powers, it’s bestowed by heaven, just that it’s much rarer,” Yu Sha said.

“Is that so?”

Chu Feng was delighted to hear that. He was happy that a good friend of his had obtained such a rare and powerful bloodline.

“The snow is starting to dissipate?”

All of a sudden, the snow around them began to disappear at an increasing rate. At the same time, the formation inside the tower had also stopped churning. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The crowd quickly turned their eyes to the entrance of the tower as they waited for Wang Yuxian to make an appearance.

Creak!

The tower doors finally opened, and Wang Yuxian stepped out from within.

“Waaa!!!”

The eyes of the crowd lit up upon seeing Wang Yuxian.

Her appearance had undergone a significant change. Her hair and eyebrows had turned snowy white, and there was a rune resembling a snowflake imprinted on her forehead. On top of that, she was shrouded in a white glow with snowflakes in it.

Wang Yuxian had previously given off an air of impeccable purity, but now, it was enhanced with an additional layer of sanctitude. She resembled a goddess who had descended from heaven.

Other than the changes in her appearance, her cultivation had also grown significantly. She hadn’t concealed her cultivation, so the crowd was able to tell that she was currently at rank six Martial Exalted level.

“Master, Chu Feng?”

Upon seeing the Lady of Dao Sea and Chu Feng, Wang Yuxian immediately sprinted over to their side. The white glow around her and the runic imprint on her forehead faded, and her cultivation started to fall from rank six Martial Exalted level to rank four.

From this, it could be seen that Wang Yuxian was actually at the same cultivation level as Chu Feng, just that her bloodline ability had raised her cultivation by two ranks.

“Lele, you have awakened your bloodline?” the Lady of Dao Sea asked.

“I haven’t fully grasped it, but I’m already 60% there,” Wang Yuxian replied.

“Not bad, not bad. You have already reached such a level despite only awakening 60% of your bloodline. As expected of my disciple. You really didn’t let me down!”

The Lady of Dao Sea was overjoyed to hear Wang Yuxian’s words.

“This lady over here has impressive talents. Are you willing to accompany Chu Feng into our Monstrous Spirit Clan?” Yao Cheng suddenly spoke up at this juncture.

“Is my disciple allowed to enter the Monstrous Spirit Clan too?” the Lady of Dao Sea anxiously asked.

The eager look on her face had already betrayed her thoughts.