Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5546: Uncovering the Profound Formation

“Why are you so excited?” Chu Feng asked 399.

The latter had practically been oozing with happiness ever since Chu Feng selected him as his follower.

“Milord, it’s an honor for us to be able to serve you. Furthermore, most male lords would choose a lady as their follower,” 399 replied.

Chu Feng finally understood why 399 was so overjoyed. It was rare for such opportunities to come by. Even though the people residing in this realm were formation entities, they had desires such as lust too.

“Out of curiosity, is it possible for you—I mean, us—to have children?” Chu Feng asked.

“That’s impossible. We don’t have the ability to reproduce. However, those who wish to have children may request for adoption,” 399 said.

“I see,” Chu Feng remarked as he noted that the formation entities here had a clear structure as to how their society should work.

The two of them soon arrived at the intermediate formation master’s residential district. The residences here were located side by side, and most of them weren’t too big. Even so, 399’s eyes shone in excitement at the sight.

Upon further questioning, Chu Feng learned that 399 used to squeeze in a room together with 99 other people. It was a huge privilege for them to have their own independent living space. While they had the power to construct luxurious palaces with the spirit power they possessed, that was prohibited in the Star Sea Realm.

They had to follow the rules, which was why their living conditions were poor despite their strength.

Chu Feng felt empathetic toward 399 since he had been through similar days too.

The residences here had entrance plaques, and an empty entrance plaque signaled that the residence was not owned. Each residence had two rooms, one big and one small. They were just enough for two people to reside in.

Chu Feng proceeded to ask 399 a few other questions to gather information about Little Fishy. He wasn’t here to become an intermediate formation master to serve the Star Sea Realm—his goal had always been to find Little Fishy.

Unfortunately, 399 was low-ranked so he only knew that Little Fishy had a special residence, but not where she was residing.

Since there was nothing better to do, Chu Feng instructed 399 to bring him to the Formation Master Hall, where he would be working tomorrow. He was hoping to see if he could gather any information about Little Fishy there.

He was warmly welcomed at the Formation Master Hall. Quite a few people even offered him presents. In particular, a man with white brows gave him a fairly valuable gift.

The majority of the intermediate formation masters here were advanced in age, with a small portion of them being middle-aged.

The man with white brows was the only one who was as young as Chu Feng, which was why many thought he might become a high formation master in the future. Due to that, the man with white brows enjoyed considerable standing amongst the intermediate formation masters.

Chu Feng keenly listened to the conversations around him and quickly figured out the reason behind his warm welcome. It turned out that the high elder whom Chu Feng had met earlier had already informed those in the Formation Master Hall about his exceptional talents and instructed them to treat him well.

The weakest intermediate formation master was at rank six Dragon Transformation Sensation, and the man with white brows was already at rank eight Dragon Transformation Sensation. Based on what he heard from the others, one would be qualified to become a high formation master once they reached rank nine Dragon Transformation Sensation.

In other words, the high elder made a special exception for Chu Feng by assigning him the job of an intermediate formation master. That also meant that he needed to start from the basics.

The first thing Chu Feng needed to do was to forge pills.

Inside the Formation Master Hall was a massive pill forging formation with over a thousand formation cores. A world spiritist sat in each of these formation cores, harnessing the power of the formation to forge their pills.

All of these world spiritists were at rank six Dragon Transformation Sensation, but the speed at which they forged pills greatly varied.

But what Chu Feng was more interested in was the pill forging formation.

While there were only a thousand formation cores in the pill forging formation, it was immense, spanning the size of a massive mountain valley. It even extended deep into the ground, drawing power from beneath.

Chu Feng tried activating his Heaven’s Eyes to peer deep underground, and goosebumps quickly rose on his body. He had just discovered the secret behind this place.

The pill forging formation was drawing power from a boundless sea of energy located deep underground, but of course, infinite power didn’t exist in this world. The discovery of the secret behind this place opened Chu Feng’s eyes. As long as he could fully decipher the secret, he would be able to directly tap into the sea of energy and take it for his own use.

However, that wouldn’t be useful for him since this spirit power was only beneficial to formation entities. Even if he absorbed all of it, he would only be able to temporarily raise his spirit power. Once he lost his identity as a formation entity, he would lose the spirit power he had siphoned from the sea of energy too.

What would be truly useful to Chu Feng was if he learned how to construct his own formation entities. He would be able to construct stronger formation entities capable of operating independently instead of just blindly following orders. It would almost be like a true living being.

Just imagine if he constructed an entire army out of it!

As if understanding his intention, Chu Feng’s Heaven’s Eyes pulsated with spirit power stronger than ever, allowing him to clearly peer into the nature of the sea of energy.

“Brother, are you all right?” a voice suddenly echoed.

Chu Feng looked over and saw the man with white brows standing behind him.

“Brother, in accordance with the rules, you’ll have to start by forging pills since you’re new here. However, I believe that you’ll be able to quickly accustom yourself to the work here given your talents. Once you get good enough, I’ll assign you a better position.”

The man with white brows thought that Chu Feng didn’t like his current job scope, so he took the trouble to explain. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

“May I see what other jobs there are?” Chu Feng asked.

“Of course. You’re supposed to report tomorrow, so you aren’t officially on duty yet. Come, let me familiarize you with our Formation Master Hall.”

The man with white brows brought Chu Feng on a tour around the different job positions in the Formation Master Hall.

There were many formations here, most of them designed specifically for pill forging, though their potency greatly varied. The pill forging formation Chu Feng saw earlier was the lowest tier.

The man with white brows brought Chu Feng to look at the high formation masters’ working area too. He probably had access to it because he was already on the verge of becoming a high formation master.

Chu Feng quickly noticed that even though all of the pill forging formations were connected to the underground sea of energy, the first formation gave him the best view of its flow of energy. If he wanted to uncover the secrets of this place, that weakest formation was his best bet.

“Brother, do we get to choose our job positions? For instance, if the efficiency of my pill forging allows me to advance to another post but I wish to remain at my current post, is it possible for me to turn down the transfer?” Chu Feng asked.

He wanted to verify if he could remain at the weakest pill forging formation. It was a relief that he asked that question.

“Brother, we seek to bring out the fullest potential of each formation master. Once the efficiency of your pill forging reaches a certain level, you’ll have to move to another post whether you like it or not,” the man with white brows said.

Chu Feng smiled upon hearing those words, and the man with white brows smiled as well.

The latter thought that Chu Feng was glad that he wouldn’t be stuck to the weakest formation, but in truth, Chu Feng was delighted to know the way he could remain at the weakest formation.