Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5698: Aftermath at the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion

Chapter 5698: Aftermath at the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion

Chu Feng’s soul was terribly weakened, but it didn’t vanish altogether.

Instead, it maintained its current state and drifted aimlessly inside the teleportation passageway. If one took a closer look, one would have noticed that his soul seemed to be repairing itself, just that it was happening at an extremely slow rate.

…

In the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion, the elders who had just snapped out of the incident started cleaning up the mess while discussing the matter.

They speculated if Chu Feng had someone backing him.

“Shut up,” a white-haired elder suddenly roared.

He was dressed in a simple cloth garment, but he gave off an ethereal air. He was one of the three grand elders who had intervened in the battle today. He floated in the air with his hands behind his back as he gazed upon the crowd below with a stern expression.

“I don’t want to hear any of you talk a single word more about Chu Feng. You shouldn’t talk about it elsewhere either. If I learn that any of you have spoken about this matter outside, you’ll be harshly punished,” the grand elder said.

The crowd had no choice but to quickly bow and promise not to speak about the matter.

The grand elder then turned to the Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster.

Catching the grand elder’s drift, the latter clasped his fist and said, “Rest assured, Elder Jie. I have tight lips. I won’t speak a word about what happened here outside.”

“Thank you, Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster,” the grand elder said.

All of a sudden, the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master spoke up, “Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster, you may talk about whatever you have seen today to others. There’s no need to hide it.”

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master had finally returned, but he was all alone. This meant that he had failed to capture Chu Feng.

The crowd had expected such a situation since it was the World Spiritist Immortal King’s formation that Chu Feng had escaped via, but they couldn’t help but be disappointed.

In comparison, the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master was much calmer.

“There’s no need to hide what happened today. Feel free to talk about it as it is. I am already prepared for this from the moment I decided to announce what happened to Ranqing. Be it the entrance examination or our provocations directed at Chu Feng, our Seven Realms Sacred Mansion hasn’t done anything wrong,” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master said.

“But Lord Mansion Master, this matter…” the grand elder who intended to hide this matter flitted up to the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master and spoke hesitantly.

“Elder Jie, I know what you’re worried about. You’re concerned about the reputation of our Seven Realms Sacred Mansion, but even if not for this incident, there are still people gossiping and insulting us out there. We can’t do anything about their mouths.”

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master then turned to the crowd and said, “However, let’s see who dares to say those words in front of us. Remember, our Seven Realms Sacred Mansion didn’t rise to the top of the world of cultivation because of our reputation or anything of that. Our foundation lies in our strength. Be it in the Immemorial Era, the Ancient Era, or the current era, strength is still the most important thing to a cultivator.”

Those words greatly lifted the crowd’s spirits.

So what if they had embarrassed themselves today?

It didn’t change the fact that the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion stood at the top of the world of cultivation. Who would dare to mock them?

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master turned to the Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster and asked, “Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster, do you agree with my words?”

“Of course, your words make perfect sense,” the Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster agreed with a smile, though he was cursing in his mind.

You old thing. Chu Feng was the one who embarrassed you today, but you’re trying to establish your authority by picking on me?

Nothing highlighted the standing of the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion more than the coercion of another galaxy overlord. Many people in the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion, especially the elders, understood that.

Thus, their mood lifted even further.

No one dared to question the standing of their Seven Realms Sacred Mansion even though they had embarrassed themselves today, not even the Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster.

…

The elders were left to deal with the mess in the days to come.

The three grand elders and the seven Saint-tier elders accompanied the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master into the Sacred Mansion.

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master followed the formation trail, and it brought them to a sealed forbidden land. Inside the forbidden land was a destroyed teleportation formation and the World Spiritist Immortal King’s aura.

The grand elders and the Saint-tier elders quickly constructed a formation around the damaged formation. This formation was the energy source Chu Feng had received from his imprint.

Chu Feng had gotten away through the power of this teleportation formation. It had destroyed itself so that no one could track Chu Feng’s teleportation destination.

The elders were hoping to figure out the teleportation destination through the formation’s remnant.

“Forget it. My master is a meticulous man. He must have made thorough preparations before leaving this place. It’s impossible for you to find anything from that,” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master said.

He didn’t bother to investigate because he knew his master well, both the latter’s personality and strength.

The elders retracted their spirit power, knowing that it was hopeless. From the moment their constructed formation came into contact with the destroyed formation, they had already realized that they wouldn’t get any information out of it.

“Why did Lord World Spiritist Immortal King construct such a powerful formation to protect an outsider?” a Saint-tier elder bemoaned.

The surroundings suddenly turned unnervingly cold and quiet.

The Saint-tier elder instinctively turned to the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master and saw the latter glaring at him with cold eyes. The others also gestured to him to take back his words.

Thus, he quickly kneeled on the ground and explained, “Lord Mansion Master, I didn’t mean to blame Lord World Spiritist Immortal King. I just feel that Chu Feng has exploited the formation left behind by Lord World Spiritist Immortal King, so…”

“Why say such unnecessary words when you know that Chu Feng has exploited my master’s formation? Don’t ever let me hear you utter any complaints about my master ever again,” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master coldly warned.

“Understood. I apologize for my foolish words.”

The Saint-tier elder sweated profusely out of fear. He dared not say another word after rising to his feet. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Meanwhile, Ling Mouzi stepped forward and said, “Lord Mansion Master, I’ll order… No, I’ll personally investigate Chu Feng’s background. We have to capture the culprit who robbed Miss Ranqing of her innocence, or at the very least, we should punish his clan!”

Instead of answering Ling Mouzi, the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master took out a scroll with a flick of his wrist. He then waved his sleeves, and the scroll unfurled and enlarged, allowing everyone to clearly see its content.

Lord Mansion Master, I have already gotten to the bottom of Chu Feng’s background.

He’s from the Great Chiliocosm Upper Realm’s Chu Heavenly Clan of the Ancestral Martial Galaxy’s Ancestral Martial Starfield. His grandfather is Chu Hanxian, and he has been missing for many years. His father is Chu Xuanyuan, but he was imprisoned for a sin and died of illness.

The Chu Heavenly Clan is a minor clan in the Ancestral Martial Starfield. While Chu Feng’s father and grandfather have some fame, their strengths are only at the extent of interfering with the affairs of the starfield.

Chu Feng was an odd one out. He was banished to a Lower Realm from a young age, and he had to slowly climb his way through the ranks.

Currently, the whereabouts of his good friends in the Lower Realm and the Chu Heavenly Clan are unknown. Rumor has it that they have gone missing, but I suspect Chu Feng knew that he would make enemies while traveling in the world of cultivation, so he hid all of his close friends.

This child has a meticulous mind and possesses outstanding talent. He is someone worth nurturing. He is qualified to join our Seven Realms Sacred Mansion.