Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5699: God’s Guidance?

Chapter 5699: God’s Guidance?

The crowd widened their eyes in realization upon seeing the content of the scroll.

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master had already dispatched someone to investigate Chu Feng’s background from the moment he noticed the latter, and the scroll was the result of the investigation.

It was just that the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master didn’t expect Chu Feng to be his grandson then. He thought that the latter would just be a pawn for them to use.

“Does he think he can hide them? Lord Mansion Master, I’m willing to head to the Ancestral Martial Galaxy and slaughter everyone there!” Ling Mouzi said.

“Do you still have any shred of dignity?” Those words incurred the rage of the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master. “Just because you can’t capture Chu Feng, you choose to vent your anger on a bunch of ants whom anyone can easily step on. Do you want the world to know that our Seven Realms Sacred Mansion is infuriated, but we’re only capable of venting it on innocent people?”

“I…” Ling Mouzi was startled before falling into embarrassment. Anger had gotten ahead of him that he failed to consider the implications.

“What should we do, Lord Mansion Master?” Elder Zhenfu asked.

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master didn’t directly answer the question, instead asking, “Do you think Chu Feng is still alive?”

“Alive?”

Those words knocked everyone awake. That powerful formation was clearly beyond Chu Feng’s means to channel. He did succeed in doing so, but he’d have to pay a terrible price for it. It was unlikely that he would survive the backlash.

This was simply how the world of cultivation worked.

“Lord Mansion Master, do you think that Chu Feng will die to the backlash?” Elder Zhenfu asked. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Under normal circumstances, yes, but he has inherited Ranqing’s bloodline, so we can’t judge him by normal standards. Relay my order: capture Chu Feng alive. Remember, I want him alive. Also, I forbid anyone from going to the Ancestral Martial Galaxy. It’d be truly shameful if we make a move on those ants,” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master said.

“Understood,” the elders replied.

“You may leave now.”

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master waved his hand, and the elders took their leave. However, Ling Sheng’er’s grandfather, the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief, stayed behind.

“Elder Ling, is there something you’d like to say?” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master said.

“Lord Mansion Master, you want Chu Feng to be captured alive. May I know how you intend to deal with him?” the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief asked.

“Elder Ling, how do you think I should deal with him?” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master asked.

“This matter is up to you, Lord Mansion Master. It’s not my place to intervene,” the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief said.

“Elder Ling, you are a grand elder and the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief. I believe that you have the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s best interests at heart. There’s no one else around anyway. Feel free to speak your mind,” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master said.

The Ling Clan’s Clan Chief hesitated, knowing his words might offend the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master. However, he still decided to give it a try after hearing the latter’s words.

“Lord Mansion Master, Chu Feng has committed a heinous crime, but there’s a reason behind his actions. We shouldn’t judge him solely based on his actions. On top of that, he has inherited Ranqing’s Ruler’s Bloodline and obtained Lord World Spiritist Immortal King’s imprint. On top of that, he was able to channel such a powerful formation. So, I think…”

The Ling Clan’s Clan Chief suddenly trailed off at this point.

“What do you think?” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master asked.

The Ling Clan’s Clan Chief didn’t answer the question. Instead, he kneeled before the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master despite only being second to him and kowtowed.

“Lord Mansion Master, I’m thinking that if Chu Feng survives the backlash, we could consider letting this matter slip and take him in. This would allow Ranqing to reunite with her son while adding another talent to our ranks.”

“Talent? Does our Seven Realms Sacred Mansion lack talents?” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master asked.

“Our Seven Realms Sacred Mansion has no lack of talents, but not even Ling Xiao can compete with Chu Feng’s performance, so…”

Before the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief could finish his words, the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master frowned and said, “Are you saying that there’s not a single prodigy in the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion who can compete with Chu Feng?”

“Lord Mansion Master, Chu Feng deserves death, but God’s Era…”

Uwa!

The kneeling Ling Clan’s Clan Chief suddenly flew backward and slammed against the wall before he could finish his words. It was the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master, and he was pinning the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief against the wall by his neck.

“God’s Era? Utter nonsense! Get this into your head—I’ll never retract my decisions. Chu Feng has to die, but the Ruler’s Bloodline belongs to us. That’s the reason I’m capturing him alive. If I ever hear you plead on his behalf again, don’t blame me for not showing mercy to you!”

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master released the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief with a majestic wave of his sleeves, and the latter crashed onto the ground.

The Ling Clan’s Clan Chief was no weakling, being at pinnacle True Dragon. No one, including the Ling Clan’s Clan Chief, could have imagined that he would be shamed like that.

However, the killing intent emanated by the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master made him realize that the other party had already made up his mind. There was no point saying anything else.

“I’ll take my leave.”

The Ling Clan’s Clan Chief got back onto his feet and left the area, leaving the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master by himself.

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master took out the orb he had obtained from the crack in God’s Era, as he recalled his experiences there.

Back then, he had entered the crack in God’s Era together with the Immortal Sea Fish Clan’s Clan Chief, Totem Dragon Clan’s Clan Chief, Divine Body Heavenly Mansion’s Mansion Master, and Heavenly Dome Immortal Sect’s Sectmaster.

While they failed to uncover the true secret behind God’s Era, they had each obtained something out of it.

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master obtained a mysterious power that possessed sentience, and it claimed to be able to solve his frustrations. Without any hesitation, he revealed his frustration.

He wished to kill Jie Ranqing’s child.

The mysterious power provided him guidance as it had promised, saying that as long as he did as he was told, it would solve his problems and even usher in unprecedented prosperity for the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion.

Needless to say, the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master was overjoyed to hear that. This was his greatest dream, after all.

According to the guidance, he had to hold an entrance examination recruiting new talents into the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion, and the champion of the entrance examination would have the means to kill Jie Ranqing’s child.

That was also why the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master had entrusted that mission to Chu Feng. Who could have thought that Chu Feng was the child he wanted to kill instead?

The so-called prosperity was also utter bullshit.

He had followed everything the mysterious power told him to do, but he only ended up embarrassing himself.

Killing intent flashed across the eyes of the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master, as he tightened his grip and shattered the orb. However, the shattered fragments of the orb converged into a stream of divine power that floated in front of him.

The Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master narrowed his eyes.

It was the same mysterious power he had encountered in the crack of God’s Era, but it had become no more than a ten-thousandth of what he had seen back then.

“Why are you so angry, Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master?” It was also the same voice he had heard from the mysterious power in the crack of God’s Era.

“There’s no grudge between us. Why did you fool me?” the Seven Realms Sacred Mansion’s Mansion Master asked.

“The only one who can kill Chu Feng is Chu Feng himself. There’s nothing wrong with my guidance. Why do you say I have fooled you?” the mysterious power asked.