Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 5837: Nightfall, the Ancestral Martial Lights Up the Night Sky

Chapter 5837: Nightfall, the Ancestral Martial Lights Up the Night Sky

Some time later, another piece of news surfaced.

A surge of powerful energy had appeared outside the Ancestral Martial Galaxy. It was accompanied by a voice that demanded the Ancestral Martial Galaxy to dispel the protective formation and hand over the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect before the deadline they had set, or else they would invade them.

The Ancient Era’s clans had appeared to attack the Ancestral Martial Galaxy. This proved that all of the rumors were credible!

A huge battle was on the verge of breaking out!

Even those who had traveled a long distance to Ancestral Martial Galaxy to watch the commotion chose to back off to not get caught in the battle.

...

Soon, three months had passed since Chu Feng went into seclusion to decipher the Junior Blessing Formations.

Today was the deadline set by the Ancient Era’s clans. They would invade the Ancestral Martial Galaxy if the latter didn’t dispel the protective formation by today.

In one of the Ancestral Martial Galaxy’s realms, many elliptical formations floated neatly in the sky like massive mirrors placed neatly in a formation, making an incredible sight whether looking at it from land or sky.

Countless people were in the realm. There wasn’t enough land for all of them to rest on, so many of them had to float in mid-air. Even so, it was still incredibly cramped.

And this was the case throughout the entire realm.

All of the outstanding cultivators and world spiritists were gathered in this realm, but it wasn’t just limited to this realm. Similar formations could be seen in all of the Upper Realms, Ordinary Realms, and Lower Realms of the Ancestral Martial Galaxy.

The Ancestral Martial Galaxy was ready for war too!

Weng!

An image of two people suddenly appeared in the mirror-like faces of the formations. All of the cultivators and world spiritists immediately bowed deeply.

These two people were lofty individuals. One was the Holy Valley’s Holy Master, and the other was the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster.

Both of them were foreign faces to most people in the Ancestral Martial Galaxy, but everyone now knew that they were the strongest experts here.

The Holy Valley was the backing of the Holy Light Clan, the ruling clan of the Holy Light Galaxy.

The Hidden Dragon Martial Sect was the one behind the colossal protective formation encompassing the entire galaxy.

The Holy Master looked at the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster, and the latter gestured for him to go first. Thus, the Holy Master took a step forward and said, “Everyone, the Holy Light Galaxy has always been undermined by the world of cultivation. They viewed us as a backward place, and they see our cultivators as a bunch of ants. We don’t care about how they see us as we have our own lives to live. As long as they don’t cross us, we need not pay attention to them.

“However, they declared there are invaluable treasures in our Holy Light Galaxy and used it as a pretext to attack us. It doesn’t matter whether we have invaluable treasures or not; even if there are, it belongs to us. How can we let them take it away?

“If the formation goes under today, the invaders will charge into our realms and massacre our family and friends in search of the treasure. Can we allow that to happen?” the Holy Master asked.

“OF COURSE NOT!”

Countless cultivators raised their arms and roared, causing the realms to shake. Anger could be seen on their faces, be it the elders, juniors, or children. They knew that the invaders were powerful, and they were eggs throwing themselves against rocks. However, they didn’t plan on surrendering and allowing the invaders to trample all over them.

“That’s right! We won’t stand for that! Today, we’ll let the world of cultivation know that our Holy Light Galaxy isn’t as weak as they think. Our cultivators aren’t pushovers. We aren’t weaklings they can trample on. I, the Holy Valley’s Holy Master, beseech you to fight alongside me.

“We are fighting not just for our homeland, but also for our clans, sects, friends, and descendants. Those who are willing to fight with me, please channel your energy into the protective formations. Our name shall go down in history and be remembered for generations to come!”

With that, the Holy Master and the Hidden Dragon Martial Sect’s sectmaster simultaneously infused their martial power into the formation. The cultivators and the world spiritists in the many realms also channeled their martial power and spirit power into the formations in the sky.

A realm containing countless lives was a star, a mere speck of light in the vast galaxy. Yet, they could come together to form a starfield, and starfields eventually formed an entire galaxy. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Every nightfall, the galaxies would shine brilliantly in the night sky. No matter how powerful a cultivator was, even if they were capable of moving mountains or destroying entire realms, they still felt small looking at the countless stars in the sky.

Almost every cultivator had grown up looking at the stars. An elder would teach them how to identify each of the galaxies, as well as their respective names.

Yet, one galaxy had been disregarded even though it was beautiful too. Some elders even neglected to mention it. Only when the children asked about it would the elders reply that it was a galaxy filled with weaklings, and there was no need to pay heed to it.

This galaxy was the Holy Light Galaxy. It used to tower above the world of cultivation as the Ancestral Martial Galaxy, but it had fallen into decline and had been neglected by others for a long time.

However, no one would ignore this galaxy anymore. Cultivators, near and far, were using their means to watch this galaxy.

And this galaxy had awed the world.

Even the weaker cultivators and ordinary mortals, no matter how far away they were, noticed the intense brightness of the Ancestral Martial Galaxy when they raised their heads. Its splendor exceeded even that of the other galaxies, becoming the most brilliant existence in the universe.

The intense light was coming from the immense protective formation that all cultivators and world spiritists of the Ancestral Martial Galaxy were channeling their powers into.

A spirit power avatar spanning the size of a galaxy appeared. This was the protective formation guarding the Ancestral Martial Galaxy.