Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 635 - Inquiring Ancestry

“Yes ma’am!” Hearing that the head of the Nine Immortals was coming, the female’s face instantly changed, and even her body couldn’t help lightly trembling as she hurriedly excused herself and went to prepare for his arrival.

The head of the Nine Immortals was definitely a true important character in the Immortal Execution Archipelago. In the entirety of the archipelago, other than the master, not a single person dared to be disrespectful to him. Even the currently flourishing young archipelago master had to face him with reverence and call him “Senior First Immortal”, let alone a little insignificant person like her?

“Hmph. This damn Daoist Qiushui. You’re not afraid of my Immortal Execution Archipelago, and not afraid of my grandfather, right? Let me see how haughty you can be when my grandfather appears in front of you tonight.” At that instant, not only was there a bright smile on Ya Fei’s face, there was even a hint of a sinister expression that yearned for what was to come.

Chu Feng and the others did not know that Ya Fei’s grandfather, Ya Zongyun, was coming to the Everlasting Sea of Blood.

At present, Qiushui Fuyan had already called Chu Feng to her resting residence and chatted with him alone.

“Chu Feng, you said you’re his disciple, but I cannot only trust your words. If you want to prove your identity, you must answer a few of my questions,” asked Qiushui Fuyan with a soft but dignified voice as she sat on the middle seat in the living room.

“Senior Qiushui, please ask,” replied Chu Feng respectfully while he stood in the center of the living room.

“Do you know my family and given name, and do you know your master’s family and given name?” asked Qiushui Fuyan.

“My master is called Huangfu Haoyue, you are called Qiushui Fuyan. The two of you were originally lovers, and respectively the Holy Son and Holy Daughter of the Burning Heaven Church,” replied Chu Feng.

Hearing those words, Qiushui Fuyan instantly knitted her brows, a hint of a special emotion emerging into her eyes, and with a swish, she stood up, came up to Chu Feng, and asked very forcefully, “Where is he right now? Is he still well?!”

“Eh...” Chu Feng was a bit speechless as Qiushui Fuyan acted like that. He could see she was very worried about Huangfu Haoyue and also missed him a lot. Their feelings were indeed not simple.

“What? Is he not well? Where is he right now, hurry up and tell me!” Qiushui Fuyan grabbed Chu Feng’s shoulders and continued asking.

At that instant, he bit down on his teeth, and after readying himself, deciding to speak the truth, he deactivated his Transformational Mask, returning to his former young appearance, and said, “I am sorry, Senior Qiushui. Junior Chu Feng has lied to you.”

“Lie? What do you mean?” Seeing Chu Feng’s change, Qiushui Fuyan frowned lightly and couldn’t help taking a few steps back and re-evaluated the current Chu Feng.

It was because even though Chu Feng, at present, still had the aura of a rank one Martial Lord, great changes occurred to his appearance—he seemed just like a young man. At his age, with his cultivation, it represented three words: extremely brilliant talent.

But the thing Qiushui Fuyan was most alert of wasn’t Chu Feng’s cultivation or talent, it was why he had to lie to her. She was thinking exactly what intents Chu Feng was hiding, and how he knew about the matter between her and Huangfu Haoyue.

“Senior Qiushui, although Huangfu Haoyue and I aren’t master and disciple, we still have an inseparable relationship,” said Chu Feng.

“What relationship? You better reply honestly, or else I will take your life at any time,” said Qiushui Fuyan fiercely. Her distrust in Chu Feng currently reached the extremities.

“This junior grew up in the continent of the Nine Provinces, but I wasn’t born in the continent of the Nine Provinces.

“I do not know who my biological parents are, and I only know that Senior Huangfu brought me to the continent of the Nine Provinces,” said Chu Feng. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What? You are?” Hearing those words, Qiushui Fuyan’s gaze changed once again, but that special gaze only flashed by, then she asked fiercely again, “What relationship you have with Huangfu Haoyue is unrelated to me. Right now, you are posing as his disciple and coming to find me. What goal do you have?”

“Senior, I want to know who my parents are, but right now, I cannot find Senior Huangfu. So, I could only come and find you to ask. After all, you had such a close relationship with Senior Huangfu before, so I’ve thought that you possibly knew of my ancestry,” said Chu Feng.

“Then how did you know I was here? Huangfu Haoyue told you?” asked Qiushui Fuyan.

“No, it was another person.”

“Who?”

“Qiu Canfeng.”

“What? It’s him?” Upon hearing Qiu Canfeng’s name, a surprised expression emerged into Qiushui Fuyan’s eyes. Afterwards, she asked, “What relationship do you have with Qiu Canfeng?”

From start to finish, Chu Feng kept on looking at Qiushui Fuyan’s reactions. He discovered when he mentioned Qiu Canfeng, though she was shocked, there were no bad reactions. It could be seen that she did not dislike Qiu Canfeng, so Chu Feng said, “Without hiding anything, Qiu Canfeng is the one who’s my master.”

“You’re Qiu Canfeng’s disciple?

“Havoc, this is complete havoc. You were clearly brought to the Nine Provinces by Huangfu Haoyue, so how did you become Qiu Canfeng’s disciple?” Qiushui Fuyan was very confused.

“Senior, you do know about my ancestry! Please, tell me.” Hearing those words, Chu Feng quickly bowed with clasped hands.

“I don’t know about your ancestry. I only know a few things about you. If you want me to tell you, that is fine, but before that, you must seriously answer a few of my questions.”

After that, Qiushui Fuyan asked Chu Feng about many things. Chu Feng didn’t hide anything, and told her how Huangfu Haoyue brought him to the Chu family, getting them to take care of Chu Feng, and also how he met Qiu Canfeng.

However, Chu Feng also cleverly concealed a bit of the truth. Although he said how he met Qiu Canfeng and how he took him as a disciple, Chu Feng didn’t tell Qiushui Fuyan about him being in a bind.

As for Huangfu Haoyue going mad, naturally, Chu Feng didn’t mention that. Most likely, the reason why Huangfu Haoyue went mad was because of his father, and since Qiushui Fuyan and Huangfu Haoyue were so close, if she knew Huangfu Haoyue went insane because of him, then he couldn’t be certain whether Qiushui Fuyan would attack him to avenge Huangfu Haoyue.

“Ahh, I knew the Heavenly Road was nothing simple. But the Pope didn’t listen to my advices, and even Huangfu Haoyue didn’t believe me. Indeed, they encountered a great disaster in the Heavenly Road.” After knowing everything, Qiushui Fuyan suddenly sighed, then looked at Chu Feng and said, “I know that when the Burning Heaven Church led the entire church to move into the Holy Land of Martialism yet were all annihilated. Only Huangfu Haoyue himself was able to escape, and as he escaped, he even brought out a child, and that child was you.”

“They were all annihilated? On the Heavenly Road to the Holy Land of Martialism? Senior Qiushui, what exactly happened? Could you tell me?!” At that instant, Chu Feng was elated. He picked up a few things: his ancestry was very possibly related to the Holy Land of Martialism as well as the Heavenly Road.

“No, I don’t know much about your background, nor do I know what happened back then in the Heavenly Road. When Huangfu Haoyue went to find me, he only left behind a sentence then left.

“It was ‘Do not enter the Heavenly Road’,” said Qiushui Fuyan.