Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 701 - Created by a Martial Emperor

“Earthen Taboo martial skill!”

“It’s truly an Earthen Taboo martial skill!”

“Not only did I raise my cultivation after coming into the Martial Marking Immortal Realm, Eggy’s cultivation was also raised into a rank one Martial Lord. Right now, I even obtained an Earthen Taboo martial skill. Truly not a wasted journey!”

Chu Feng was elated. However, if it were before, he would have definitely not have such a reaction. After all, a hundred Martial Markings could be exchanged for a Mortal Taboo martial skill, so if six thousand Martial Markings were only enough for an Earthen Taboo martial skill, that would be quite a swindle.

Before entering, both Eggy and Chu Feng felt he could obtain a Heaven Taboo martial skill, but after carefully thinking, not only did Eggy change that thought, she even flung a bucket of cold water on Chu Feng’s head.

It was because she suddenly thought of something. From her understanding, Mortal Taboo martial skills could definitely only be created by peak Martial Kings. As for Earthen Taboo martial skills, only peak Martial Emperors could create them.

Although there was only a single word of difference between Mortal Taboo and Earthen Taboo, how could Martial Kings and Martial Emperors be compared on the same level?

Just their creators alone decided that the difference between Mortal Taboo and Earthen Taboo would be incomparable.

Even within ten thousand Martial Kings, there might not appear a Martial Emperor, let alone a person at the peak? The realm of Martial Emperors was a very powerful realm! Unless one had exceptional talent, or pinnacle bloodlines, or Divine Bodies, they should not even think of entering that realm. No matter how much more hardworking they were, it was impossible.

As for Heaven Taboo martial skills, they were even more impressive. Only those above the realm of Martial Emperors could create them, and as for Divine Taboo martial skill, those were true legendary items. No one even knew if the world had such a martial skill.

However, the thing worth mentioning was the Earthen Taboo martial skill would not be weaker than Secret Skills. If there was anyone in the world who successfully mastered the Earthen Taboo martial skill, then in his hands, the martial skill was about to have devastating power. Even before Secret Skills, it could hold its own up against them.

As a result, when she thought of that, Eggy felt disquieted. She was truly worried whether Chu Feng’s six thousand Martial Markings was sufficient for an Earthen Taboo martial skill because they were too precious. At least, six thousand Martial Kings could not defeat a single Martial Emperor.

That worry spread to Chu Feng. After entering the Martial Marking Immortal Realm, he was very restless. He feared heavily that the six thousand Martial Markings were only enough for sixty Mortal Taboo martial skills. However, what use was there giving him so many? They were simply incomparable to a single Earthen Taboo martial skill.

But at present, Chu Feng truly obtained an Earthen Taboo martial skill. How could he not be excited? One had to know that, from what he heard, not a single person had an Earthen Taboo martial skill in the entire Eastern Sea Region. Yet, he did. How could he not be happy? How could he not be excited?

*hmm* Just at that moment, the golden dots in the air formed by the Martial Markings interweaved, lined up orderly, and like a golden dragon, shot into Chu Feng’s forehead.

At that instant, Chu Feng felt a pricking pain in his brain, but quickly after, his eyes couldn’t help light up because the cultivation method of the Firmament Slash had already entered his brain.

However, there was a special seal over the Firmament Slash. It could only exist within Chu Feng’s brain. He could not write it out or teach it to others.

Very clearly, the martial skills at that place were only bestowed to those who they belonged to. Others could not obtain them, nor could they cultivate them.

But Chu Feng did not care about that. At that moment, he was focused on reading the introduction regarding the Firmament Slash as well as its specific way of cultivation:

EARTHEN TABOO—FIRMAMENT SLASH. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

CREATED BY EMPEROR FIRMAMENT AT THE AGE OF TWO THOUSAND.

CONJURING ENERGY OF THE FIRMAMENTS, GRANTING POWER TO BRING RUIN TO THE WORLD.

IT IS WORK OF THE HIGHEST QUALITY WITHIN EARTHEN TABOO MARTIAL SKILLS.

VIGOROUS BODIES ARE REQUIRED FOR THOSE WHO CULTIVATE THIS TECHNIQUE.

A BODY CONSISTING OF MARTIAL POWER OF THE KING LEVEL IS ESSENTIAL.

THOSE BELOW MARTIAL KINGS ARE FORBIDDEN FROM CULTIVATION.

IF THESE WARNINGS ARE NOT HEEDED, THERE WILL BE BACKLASH.

IF SUPERFICIAL, THERE WILL BE DISEASES NEAR INCURABLE.

IF SERIOUS, ONE’S SOUL WILL SCATTER, DEATH FALLING IMMEDIATELY UPON THEM.

“Really? The requirements are actually that high?!”

As he read, Chu Feng was stupefied. That sort of feeling was akin to the blood throughout his body boiling, feeling his entire body being ablaze. Yet, shortly after, he felt as though he was dropped into bone-piercing chilly water. How tortuous.

After so much trouble, he finally got an Earthen Taboo martial skill that could be called legendary, yet in the end, he was actually not allowed to train in it. Could anyone even survive from such a sickening thing?

“Chu Feng, don’t panic. Earthen Taboo martial skills always had extremely high requirements. Besides, this Firmament Slash is of highest quality, so its requirement should be even higher.

“However, although it cannot be cultivated by those below Martial Kings, that applies only for ordinary people. The mysterious Divine Lightning is concealed within you, so your body has always been stronger than others. Besides, your cultivation of a Martial Lord is reached by using the lightnings. You have yet to truly step into the realm of Martial Lords.

“When you do, however, enter such a realm, and obtain the fourth lightning as a result, that’s when you truly comprehend the realm of Martial Lords. I’m sure at that time, your body will be indescribable with words.

“When you reach such a state, your body will then be able to endure my power. I can transfer my power to you, and in terms of your body’s physical strength, even if it’s not on a level of a Martial King, there will be nearly no difference. Naturally, at that time, you will be able to use this Firmament Slash,” Eggy reminded.

“Is that true? You can transfer your power to me?” Chu Feng was ecstatic upon hearing those words.

He had seen Eggy’s strength, and also felt her unique aura. The burst of matchless powerful strength simply made even Chu Feng envious. If he could obtain Eggy’s power, Chu Feng’s battle strength was obviously going to step into a completely new realm.

Seeming to know what Chu Feng was thinking, Eggy indifferently smiled, then mercilessly doused Chu Feng’s excited emotions and said, “What are you thinking about? Do you think my power can be used by you? I can indeed transfer my power to you, but it will only strengthen your physical body, not raise your battle strength.

“Of course, originally, one needed to be at least a Gold-cloak World Spiritist in order for them to use this method of transferring a World Spirit’s power to them.

“But the World Spirits from the Asura Spirit World are different. We can more perfectly control our power, so when you are still a Purple-cloak World Spiritist, I can transfer my power to you.

“Obviously, it also has high body requirements. If your body is too weak, even if I lower my power to the extreme, you will not be able to endure the frenzy in my power.”

“Heh, I understand.” Although he was fiercely dispirited, Chu Feng was still unable to control his cheerful emotions. As if to him, the power Eggy grasped was more attractive than the Firmament Slash.

As though feeling Chu Feng’s emotional changes and thought process, Eggy proudly smiled and said hiddenly in her heart, “At least you know what’s good for you.”