Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 762 - Wuqing Appears

“Wuqing? The one who broke the record Murong Xun left behind in the Martial Marking Immortal Realm?”

“It’s definitely him. There is only that Wuqing from the Martial Marking Immortal Realm.”

“Doesn’t that mean, in the Martial Marking Immortal Realm, Wuqing truly did defeat the three geniuses of the Immortal Execution Archipelago?”

After hearing Chun Wu’s words, the surrounding crowd couldn’t help gasping because after the event of the Martial Marking Immortal Realm, Wuqing’s grand name had spread throughout the Eastern Sea Region.

Everyone listening to Chun Wu had heard of Wuqing’s achievements, but there were also people who expressed doubt at that rumour. After all, such news was a bit exaggerated.

However, at that very instant, after hearing Chun Wu’s words, they had no choice but to believe it. After all, they knew both Chun Wu and Zhan Feng entered the Martial Marking Immortal Realm. They were people who had personally witnessed everything.

Zhan Feng’s face became even more unsightly when he heard the surrounding whispers. To him, that was most definitely the greatest disgrace he had experienced in his life.

So, he pointed at Chun Wu and very furiously argued, “Nonsense! If Wuqing didn’t use despicable methods back then and increased his strength through obtaining some sort of power within the Temple of Reproduction, how could he possibly defeat me?

“If I meet him again, I’ll definitely beat the hell out of him!”

“Zhan Feng, you can eat whatever you want to eat, but you can’t say whatever you want to say. Don’t you know Wuqing’s also come here? Careful to not let my Junior Wuqing hear your words, otherwise he’ll come out and beat you up,” said Chun Wu. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“What? Wuqing has also come here?

“Is that really true? I would really like to see whether Wuqing is as powerful as the rumours.” A huge commotion arose from the crowd after Chun Wu’s words. All of them expressed their desire to see Wuqing.

“What a joke. I would be afraid of him?

“You said he has also come here? That would be the best. If I see him, I’ll give him a good lesson and let him know without that vile power, he isn’t even worth fart,” said Zhan Feng disdainfully.

In his heart, he had always thought Chu Feng obtained some sort of special power, resulting in his defeat by Chu Feng’s hands. If it were a normal fight, with his own strength, he felt he would definitely defeat Chu Feng, and it would even be a one-sided slaughter.

“Tch. You only dare to act so arrogant because you know my Junior Wuqing hasn’t come yet. If you knew he came already, you would have already wet your pants in fear,” Chun Wu sneered and taunted.

“You’re saying I’m afraid of him?” Zhan Feng was thoroughly enraged by Chun Wu’s repeated ridicules. As he spoke, he stretched his hand, passing through the Spirit Formation that bound Chun Wu, and grabbed her neck. And he squeezed her neck, forcefully pulling out the exceptional beauty.

As Zhan Feng held his hand over Chun Wu’s neck, he rose her high up and shouted to the crowd, “Wuqing, where are you? Get the hell out here if you dare!

“Didn’t your Senior Chun Wu say you’re very powerful? Didn’t she say without your wicked strength, you can still defeat me?

“Come out! Don’t be a coward if you dare!

“Out, get the hell out of here! Or else, I’ll kill this girl!”

Zhan Feng’s arrogant voice was extremely loud, even louder than Chun Wu’s just now. In addition, since there were so many people already, the word of mouth was spread even quicker. As a result, a greater number of people headed over now.

Originally, Chu Feng planned to silently watch and see what exactly was happening.

But now, Zhan Feng not only suppressed Chun Wu, he even had his hand over her neck.

If being able to endure the humiliation that Zhan Feng spoke was Chu Feng’s limit, then Chu Feng absolutely could not endure watching Chun Wu whose face was reddening and in pain due to her neck being squeezed.

“You let her go!” Chu Feng suddenly made his move. With lightning speed, he dashed up to Zhan Feng, burst out his might of a rank two Martial Lord, and with a hand-blade that seemed to be able to cut through everything, he chopped towards the arm that Zhan Feng used to squeeze Chun Wu’s neck.

Such an abrupt situation surprised Zhan Feng because he really didn’t expect someone would come out and save Chun Wu, nor did he expect Wuqing to truly be here.

Thus, when he felt someone was approaching and starting a fierce attack, he was aware of the danger. Without even looking who the person coming was, he quickly let go of Chun Wu and backed away to the side.

“Cough cough...” At that moment, Chun Wu violently coughed, After she raised her head and saw the person who saved her, she was both surprised and joyed. With great disbelief, she said, “Junior Wuqing, you truly came.”

“What? Wuqing, he’s Wuqing?!” After hearing those words, the surrounding people couldn’t help widening their eyes and started to carefully examining Chu Feng in his current state. They had all heard of Wuqing’s name before, and almost no one wanted to miss his glory.

“So he’s only a rank two Martial Lord? A rank two Martial Lord defeated the three peak geniuses of the Immortal Execution Archipelago? That doesn’t seem to be too realistic, huh?”

“Ahh, it seems that the rumours are only rumours. It seems that the news regarding Wuqing’s divine acts are most likely false.”

“Yeah! As they say, rather than speculation why not witness him personally? He really does seem only so-so.”

“Don’t make a decision so quickly. Did none of you see the speed and strength he used just now? This child’s fighting power is not ordinary. Although he only has the cultivation of a rank two Martial Lord, his true fighting ability most definitely surpasses rank two. Perhaps he can truly give Zhan Feng a fight.”

“It’s impossible. Even if his fighting strength surpasses rank two Martial Lords, he absolutely cannot defeat Zhan Feng. One must know that Zhan Feng is a rank five Martial Lord! The two of them are separated by three full levels. There is too great of a gap between power, and they simply cannot even be discussed as equals.”

“That may not be so!!”

After seeing Chu Feng’s cultivation, the crowd was separated into two parties. One felt that, judging by his strength, Chu Feng could not defeat Zhan Feng and the others.

And since Zhan Feng too admitted he was defeated by Chu Feng within the Martial Marking Immortal Realm, it meant that, as Zhan Feng said, this person called Wuqing must have used some wicked technique within the Martial Marking Immortal Realm and obtained special power. Only then was he able to defeat Zhan Feng. At present, he no longer had that power, so it was impossible for him to defeat Zhan Feng.

But, there were also people who felt that the attack Chu Feng made just now displayed his exceptionality. Perhaps he was truly as the legends said—that he possessed illogical fighting strength.

At that moment, after Zhan Feng discovered the person who attacked him was Wuqing, he was very surprised as well. But in comparison to his surprise, what he felt even more was excitement and elation, because he knew that the time to prove himself and to cleanse away his shame had come.

“Wuqing, I truly didn’t think you would truly come here.

“But, I must say, I really do admire your courage. After leaving the Martial Marking Immortal Realm, you even dare to appear before me! You should know that you will feel quite miserable after I beat you up.” Zhan Feng’s chilly gaze shot everywhere. He was already impatient to beat Chu Feng to the ground, to avenge what his past actions.

However, Chu Feng calmly smiled at Zhan Feng’s words and said, “Actually, I can already see a scene being acted out. Do you know what it is?”

“What?” Zhan Feng asked.

“A bloody you being stamped beneath my foot,” Chu Feng answered.