Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 777 - We Are Killing You

“Could it be the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect? Have they also sent experts to sneak into this place?” Although Chu Feng didn’t dare to be absolutely certain, he guessed that they were very possibly from the Crippling Night Demon Sect.

“It seems that today, I’m saved.” At that moment, a smile, that hadn’t appeared for a long while, finally appeared on Chu Feng’s tense face. With the Azure Dragon Dashing Technique, Chu Feng unhesitantly rushed towards that mountain range.

“Seniors, help me!” Chu Feng yelled after arriving before the Spirit Formation.

The people within the Spirit Formation had actually noticed Chu Feng already. When they saw Chu Feng call for help, towards them, they couldn’t help feeling astonished. At that very instant, they were within the Concealment Spirit Formation, so Chu Feng shouldn’t have been able to see them.

*swish swish swish*

At the same moment, several rumbling warships dazzling in golden brilliance arrived in front of Chu Feng, and surrounded him, blocking all escape paths.

“I even thought he was a remnant of the Crippling Night Demon Sect since he ran so fast, but he’s only a brat.”

“Yeah, the young master even placed the Hunting Talisman onto him! Where did this boy come from?”

“There seems to be some problems with his brain. He’s actually yelling for help at that towering mountain peak. Truly idiotic.” The several rank six Martial Lords on the warships were talking to each other. As they looked at Chu Feng, it was as if they were looking at a mouse that reached a dead-end. Their eyes were full of disdain.

“Seniors, please save me! They are from the Immortal Execution Archipelago, and right now, they have sent many people to this place with malicious intentions.

“The disciple of Senior Xue Xiyue, Xuan Xiaochao, is also fighting Murong Xun right now. I do not know what the current situation is, so I ask you to quickly send him help.” Chu Feng intentionally leaked information about Xuan Xiaochao; he wanted to force the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect out.

Although Chu Feng was able to see through the Spirit Formation with the Heaven’s Eyes, it was impossible for him to break through it with the current power he possessed. If they didn’t want to help him, then really, he could only die.

“Xuan Xiaochao? Release the formation!” Indeed, after hearing Xuan Xiaochao’s name, an elderly person at the peak Martial Lord realm suddenly spoke.

*hmm* Immediately after that person’s words were heard, the mountain peak in front of Chu Feng rippled like the surface of the lake. In the end, a huge cave appeared, and in a blink, over a hundred black-clothed people dashed out and surrounded the Immortal Execution Archipelago’s warships instead.

“Thi-this is a Spirit Formation?!” Only after black-clothed people surrounded them did the people from the Immortal Execution Archipelago start reacting. They also understood why Chu Feng called for help at the mountain peak just now. A hint of fear unavoidably emerged onto their faces. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Especially when they felt the superior auras, and that they even had experts at the peak of the Martial Lord realm as backup, they were a bit terrified.

“Everyone, we are from the Immortal Execution Archipelago. This child is a criminal we must capture. May I ask if you can cooperate with us?” Seeing the situation heading towards a disadvantageous direction, they were forced to reveal their identities of being from the Immortal Execution Archipelago.

And after their identities were revealed, a trace of pride appeared on the faces of those from the Immortal Execution Archipelago. No matter how powerful the black-clothed people were, at present, in the Eastern Sea Region, who dared to not give them face?

But after seeing their appearances, the auras of the black-clothed people instantly became icy-cold. Finally, an aged voice rang out, saying, “Kill them all.”

*boom* A person attacked immediately after those words were spoken. Quickly following was the simultaneous attack of almost a hundred Martial Lords. All sorts of powerful martial skills gushed out endlessly, madly exploding on several warships.

In but an instant, over half of the people from the Immortal Execution Archipelago died—they were absolutely no match for the black-clothed people. That completely terrified the remaining experts of the Immortal Execution Archipelago. One quickly shouted at the old person who spoke earlier, “Senior, why have you attacked for no reason? We are from the Immortal Execution Archipelago! Is there a misunderstanding of some sort?”

After hearing his words, the old man couldn’t help raising his head slightly, revealing an extremely ferocious gaze. He said,“We are killing you.”

*boom* After speaking, the old man suddenly raised his palm. Just by doing so, the entire warship turned into ashes. No matter if it was a rank five Martial Lord, or a rank six Martial Lord, before the peak Martial Lord, they were as weak as ants—they could not even take a single strike from him.

“You said Xuan Xiaochao is fighting Murong Xun right now. Do you have proof?” At that instant, the old man looked at Chu Feng. His eyes were akin to two sharp blades, piercing through him, as if they were going to see through everything that was Chu Feng.

“Mm? Spirit Formation Mark?” Suddenly, the old man’s pupils shrank abruptly. With merely a glance he saw there was a mark in Chu Feng’s body.

Immediately following that, the old man suddenly grabbed at Chu Feng’s chest. He felt a sharp pain, but after the old man retracted his hand, the mark was grasped within his palm.

At that moment, the mark even wanted to struggle. However, the old man clenched, and with a bang, the mark was shattered.

“This location has been exposed. Transfer to Shelter #2. Move out now,” said the old man loudly with an ordering tone.

“Yes sir!”

*whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh...* Immediately after that old man spoke, everyone rose into the air, and like an inverted meteor with black flames, they shot straight into the blue sky. Concealing their auras, they fled into the distance.

“You follow me as well.” At the same time, the old man waved his big sleeve. Chu Feng was then wrapped by a golden-coloured Spirit Formation, then he rose into the air along with the old man.

They were clearly prepared. After arriving deep into a flourishing forest, there was already a Concealment Spirit Formation laid there beforehand. Everyone stepped into it, hiding themselves.

“Big Brother, just now, he said Xuan Xiaochao is fighting Murong Xun. Do we need to head over and take a look?” asked another old man at the peak of the Martial Lord realm after entering the Concealment Spirit Formation.

“No need. First of all, we do not know if he spoke the truth or not. Even if it is true, Xuan Xiaochao is the direct disciple who Protector Xue chose herself. If he can’t even protect himself, then he’s not worthy to continue being Protector Xue’s disciple.”

The old man waved his hand, then asked Chu Feng, “Who are you? How did you know there was a Concealment Spirit Formation, and how did you know we were inside it?”

As he spoke, the old man kept on using a fierce gaze to staring at Chu Feng, as if he would be able to tell whenever Chu Feng said even half a word of lie.

After all that had happened, Chu Feng confirmed that they were definitely people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect. So, he didn’t hide anything, and after a respectful bow, he said, “Senior, I am called Wuqing. I was chased by the Immortal Execution Archipelago so I accidentally stumbled upon that place.

“Coincidently, I grasp a special technique allows me to see through the Spirit Formation. Senior, after discovering you weren’t from the Immortal Execution Archipelago, and since I had no available paths either, I hastily asked for help.”

“What? You’re that Wuqing?!” However, after hearing his name, everyone on scene was shocked. As they looked at Chu Feng, complicated emotions emerged in their gazes.