Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 781 - Admitting Wrongs

Even though the others were also shocked by those words, they did not argue against them. Only the seventh out of the ten brothers asked very seriously, “Big Brother, you aren’t truly planning to listen to this boy, right? If it messes up, everyone’s done for!”

“Do I need to repeat myself? Follow what I said,” said Old Liu firmly.

No one dared to doubt it anymore, and started to alter the formation in accordance to the diagram Chu Feng drew.

“Boy, if you cause them to fail, I will absolutely not forgive you,” said the people who looked at Chu Feng with displeasure, fiercely threatening him.

“And if it succeeds?” Chu Feng swept his disdainful gaze over them, as if he were looking at a group of bumpkins who had no experience of the world.

“Hmph. If it succeeds, then I’ll kneel down, kowtow, and admit my wrongs!” said those people together.

“Then it’s agreed,” said Chu Feng very confidently. He did not propose such a change for no reason. Before the Heaven’s Eyes, there was nothing Chu Feng could not see through, and earlier, looking at the three formations Xuan Xiaochao and the others laid, he thought up the fourth method to deactivate the formation. The Opening Formation that the Ten Gold-cloak Brothers laid was actually correct, but its only blemish was a few incorrect areas. As long as they were corrected, it would most certainly work.

*boom* Indeed, after they altered the formation according to Chu Feng’s instructions, the formation activated immediately. A ray of light shot out, directly into the boundless formation. The unmoving Spirit Formation actually weakened quite a bit immediately, and now, it appeared as if it would crumble at any time.

“It worked?” Seeing that, not to mention others, even the noblest ones who had the strongest strengths, the Ten Gold-cloak Brothers, changed their expressions greatly, feeling great disbelief.

“Hoh. You looked down on Wuqing, huh? Now, you’ve got to kneel down and admit your wrongs, right?” A person rather close to Chu Feng ridiculed the people who were annoyed with Chu Feng.

At that moment, their faces were unsightly—they knew the situation was poorly developing. However, they still said stubbornly, “This doesn’t mean anything. Wait until after he deactivates this formation.”

*hmm* Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Immediately after that person spoke, with a boom, the boundless Spirit Formation that sealed the sky and the earth started fading away. Like a golden ice wall, it started slowly melting away.

“Haha, it succeeded! As expected of the Three Protectors’ disciples! They are indeed outstanding!”

After seeing that, cheers and cries rang out endlessly from the people on the ground surface. As the Spirit Formation that stretched on endlessly disappeared, they were able to clearly see a deep ravine as vast as an ocean appearing before their eyes.

And, inside the ravine, it was full majestic buildings. The position of the structures was very special; in short, they gave off a very grand atmosphere. Moreover, within the ravine, the symbol of the incomplete moon was everywhere. Those who had some understanding knew they were the symbols of the Crippling Night Demon Sect.

Seeing such grandiose structures, the experts in the older generation all couldn’t help inhaling deeply. They seemed to recall the glorious years of the Crippling Night Demon Sect ruling over the Eastern Sea Region.

Back then, everyone knew the two strongest powers in the Eastern Sea Region were the Crippling Night Demon Sect and the Burning Heaven Church.

And since the Burning Heaven Church remained a relatively low profile regarding the battles of the world, the Crippling Night Demon Sect became the publicly recognized overlord of the Eastern Sea Region.

However, those of that era knew when the Crippling Night Demon Sect was prosperous, the Immortal Execution Archipelago was not anything. They even needed to give large amounts of tributes to the Crippling Night Demon Sect every year, asking for stability.

Although its glory had long passed—and now, the overlord of the Eastern Sea Region was the Immortal Execution Archipelago—there were still quite a few people who believed as long as the Crippling Night Demon Sect could reorganize themselves, the Immortal Execution Archipelago might not be able to defeat the Crippling Night Demon Sect, despite being akin to the sun at noon right now.

“Heh, at least our efforts weren’t wasted.” Seeing the Depraved Ravine appearing in front of themselves, Xuan Xiaochao and the others also subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief. As Chu Feng said, if they failed today, then they would truly lose all face.

“This... it truly worked?” However, in comparison to the cheers and jumps on the surface, most of the people underground were speechless and shocked.

Up until now, many of them didn’t really believe what Chu Feng said would truly succeed. But the reality before their eyes forced them to admit that Chu Feng really was a genius.

“My friend, Wuqing, it seems that the rumours are true. You are really outstanding in Spirit Formation techniques. I, Liu, representing everyone from the Crippling Night Demon Sect, thank you.” Old Liu went up to Chu Feng and very sincerely clasped his fists at him.

“Old Liu, you are really too polite. If you didn’t help me back then, I may have already died. The one who should be thanking is me,” said Chu Feng very humbly.

“No matter what you say, you have indeed helped us greatly today.” As Old Liu looked at Chu Feng, his eyes were not only full of gratitude, they were also full of, perhaps, admiration.

And also at that moment, those who didn’t believe Chu Feng, who even slandered Chu Feng had ashen faces. All of them didn’t even dare to raise their heads, and were actually backing away secretly. They shrank towards the crowd, aiming to evade the upcoming horrendous situation.

“Hmm, who just said as long as Wuqing succeeds, they would kneel down and admit their wrongs?” However, just at that moment, a large man who had a rather good relationship with Chu Feng loudly yelled. As he did so, he even looked at the ones who spoke poorly of Chu Feng earlier.

Those words made the ones who had jeered tremble. They instantly turned into stone, and stood on the spot, unmoving.

“That’s right! Be a man of your word! Quickly kowtow and admit your wrongs to Wuqing!” At the same time, many people started urging those people to kowtow.

Even though a large portion of them were helping Chu Feng, the Ten Gold-cloak Brothers, even including Old Liu, knitted their brows, silent.

In reality, Chu Feng really wanted to get those people to kowtow at him and admit their wrongs, but he was smart—he was able to clearly understand the situation at present.

The people here were all from the Crippling Night Demon Sect. As for him, he was an outsider. If they truly had to kowtow and admit their wrongs, he would not only be making them lose face. He would also be making Old Liu and the others, even everyone from the Crippling Night Demon Sect, lose face.

So, judging the advantages and disadvantages, Chu Feng magnanimously smiled, and said, “No need. These seniors were thinking for the Crippling Night Demon Sect. They have no wrongs to speak of, so how can they admit their wrongs?”

After hearing those words, the ones who were irritated with Chu Feng before loosened their taut faces. As they looked at Chu Feng, there was no hatred, but instead, a hint of gratefulness appeared.

No matter what was said before, Chu Feng had now shown them some respect.

“Wuqing, great men indeed have broad hearts, but the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect cannot go back on their word. They were wrong, so they were wrong. No need for kowtowing, but admitting their wrongs, on the other hand, is required.” At that instant, the long-silent Old Liu finally spoke. Moreover, he expressed satisfaction at Chu Feng’s magnanimousness.

As for those who called out on Chu Feng, they were no idiots. Although admitting their wrongs was shameful, the most shameful was kowtowing.

Now, since that act was voided by Old Liu, they naturally had to accept it pleasingly. So, after arriving in front of Chu Feng, they stood neatly, single file, and said with shamed faces, “Wuqing, we were wrong.”