Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 784 - Appearance of a Martial King

“It was exactly because my friend overheard this information that she was forced to clash with Zhan Feng. And it was also because I helped my friend dissolve the attack that I crippled Zhan Feng.”

Chu Feng was unable to ascertain that information, but he felt it was likely true, because up until now, everything that Chun Wu had told him was true.

“Wuqing, your friend... is it Lady Chun Wu of the Misty Peak?” asked Second Brother of the Gold-cloak Brothers.

“Mm, it is Chun Wu.” Chu Feng nodded.

“I’ve heard of that. Back then, it was indeed Lady Chun Wu who was held back by Zhan Feng, and it was also Zhan Feng who attacked first. He seemed to want to kill Lady Chun Wu, so that’s why you went out and helped.

“And because of Lady Piaomiao, even the Immortal Execution Archipelago shouldn’t easily make a move on the people from the Misty Peak, so it does seem that Lady Chun Wu overheard some things she shouldn’t have heard.” Second Brother of the Gold-cloak Brothers seemed to be supporting Chu Feng’s words.

“Wuqing, this is no joking matter. Are you certain that Lady Chun Wu’s words are true?” asked Third Brother of the Gold-cloak Brothers.

“Senior, I cannot be sure if her words are true or not—after all, I did not personally see or hear it—but, as they say, it would be better to believe it is true than to believe it is false. Besides, this is something that affects the lives of over two thousand members of the Crippling Night Demon Sect. Don’t you agree?” Chu Feng asked with a smile.

“This...” Third Brother of the Gold-cloak Brothers was speechless.

“Big Brother, I also think that Wuqing is correct. Judging by Murong Xun’s fearless expression, he has likely come prepared.

“It would be fine if no one from the Nine Immortals have come. But, if some have truly come, then I’m afraid we are unable to defeat them with the power we currently have.

“I’ve heard that the Nine Immortals of the Immortal Execution Archipelago are incomparable to the past. Other than the Ninth Immortal, the rest are all Martial Kings.

“If it is the Ninth Immortal only, then there’s nothing to fear from him. However, if Wuqing’s words are true, that those two have come, then it will be a disaster. Let’s stick with the plan,” advised Seventh Brother.

“According to Chun Wu, there are indeed two. Of the nine Immortals, I believe the Eighth and the Ninth are here,” said Chu Feng.

“Mm. They are correct. Since we grasp the ticket to victory, then we should strongly hold onto it and not risk anything.” Old Liu also became aware of the complexity of the current circumstances when he heard their words. So, he nodded, and decided to follow the plan.

“Ninth Brother, look. The Crippling Night Demon Sect calls themselves as the strongest in the Eastern Sea Region. So, the ‘strongest’ they speak of is actually bullying with numbers.

“Not only do they bully a thousand experts from the Immortal Execution Archipelago with two thousand, they bully the Immortal Execution Archipelago’s young master with three disciples of the Three Protectors. What do you think about this?”

However, just at that moment, in the sky outside the circle of battle, two people appeared. They were two aged men; their auras were extremely powerful. At that moment, they were standing in the air, smiling as they gazed upon the battlefield.

One of those two was a peak Martial Lord. The other was a Martial King. At that very instant, the Martial King was pointing at the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect and mocking them with cold words.

“Eighth Brother, from what I see, the Crippling Night Demon Sect doesn’t care about face. To deal with these things that don’t care about face, we cannot give them any face. Otherwise, they will know no end to their arrogance,” said the peak Martial Lord, coldly smiling.

“Those two... Could it be?”

“The Eighth and Ninth Immortal of the Immortal Execution Archipelago?”

“It’s them, it really is! Back then, the Immortal Execution Archipelago held a meeting, and I met Lord Ninth Immortal by chance; they are indeed the Eighth Immortal and Ninth Immortal of the Immortal Execution Archipelago!

“I didn’t think even they have come! Doesn’t this mean that the Crippling Night Demon Sect will lose, without a doubt?”

“How unbelievable! I didn’t expect to see such prominent characters here! These two are the strongest war strength representatives in the Immortal Execution Archipelago!”

At that instant, some discussions arose from the crowd because there was already a person who recognized the origin of those people. Indeed, as Chun Wu said, the Eighth Immortal and the Ninth Immortal of the Immortal Execution Archipelago had already come to this place.

“Dammit, I didn’t think the Immortal Execution Archipelago truly sent these two out of the Nine Immortals!” Seeing that, the faces of the Ten Gold-cloak Brothers were filled with panic. Putting aside the Ninth Immortal, the Eighth Immortal alone had the ability to completely reverse the present situation. A Martial King wasn’t someone that Martial Lords could fight against.

“Big Brother, what should we do? We didn’t expect two of the Nine Immortals to come, and this Eighth Immortal has truly come as well! With his strength of a Martial King, even if we open that place, we can’t defend!” Several Gold-cloak Brothers all cast their gazes at their boss, Old Liu.

“The Immortal Execution Archipelago has actually sent out such a formation of people. No wonder Murong Xun is unafraid. Luckily, we didn’t rashly charge out, otherwise, everything would have been for naught.

“Even though opening that place may not allow us to defeat the Eighth Immortal, there is at least a sliver of chance. Quick! Quickly follow me and enter the ravine. We must open that place as soon as possible!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Old Liu decisively sent the order. Although he spoke at ease, perspiration drenched his aged face. It could be seen how anxious he was. A Martial King was indeed a huge threat. This time, they were truly burdened with enormous pressure. Likely, they were going to be defeated here.

Their defeat was of no importance; however, the defeat that followed was the glory of the Crippling Night Demon Sect.

“Big Brother, this isn’t good! The Eighth Immortal is about to attack!” Suddenly, someone pointed at the sky and cried in alarm.

Raising their heads and looking, the expressions of Old Liu and the others changed greatly. Their eyes were full of panic, because at that very moment, the Eighth Immortal of the Immortal Execution Archipelago had released his unique King-level Martial power.

*boom rumble rumble* At that instant, the initially bright and clear sky immediately turned pitch-black. Countless thick bolts of lightning shot down everywhere, as if it were splitting the sky, as if the end of the world had arrived.

“Dammit, they sent a Martial King!” That scene attracted everyone’s attention. Even Xuan Xiaochao and the others tightly furrowed their brows. A Martial King was too powerful—it was an existence that they could not fight against.

At that moment, the dark sky was an illusion, but the horrifying lightning was real. If the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect were struck by the bolts of lightning, none of them could survive; they did not have the power to defend against a Martial King.

“Shatter.” But just as the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect felt a disaster had fallen upon their heads, a voice suddenly rang out. It was a very calm voice, but sufficient to shock one’s soul.

Most importantly, after that voice rang out, the lightning in the sky all dispersed. Even the dark sky returned to its former brightness.

The attack from the Eighth Immortal was nullified!