MGA: Chapter 786 - Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation

Finally, a grandiose and large door appeared in front of them. Chu Feng could also perceive that there was a Spirit Formation laid upon the door—it was even stronger than the combination of all the Spirit Formations from before. If Old Liu had continued attempting to forcibly deactivate this Spirit Formation, then his body would have likely suffered heavy injuries.

“Big Brother, you’ve worked hard enough. Hand this Spirit Formation over to us.”

“Indeed! Big Brother, we still need you to open the other location, so you should preserve a bit of your strength. Hand this final barrier to us,” said several of the Gold-cloak Brothers upon arriving. They didn’t allow Old Liu to continue breaking through the formations on his own.

“Mm, quickly go. The current situation outside is not good. We cannot delay this any longer.” Old Liu knew his body was unable to go on, thus he chose to force it no longer. He sat off to the side and began to recuperate, silently gazing at his brothers while they attempted to open the extremely powerful Spirit Formation.

“Old Liu, please forgive any offence, but may I ask what is the thing you are opening?” asked Chu Feng due to curiosity.

“Hoh. Wuqing, come over here and sit.” Seeing Chu Feng, a faint smile rose in Old Liu’s face. It could be seen he had quite a good impression of Chu Feng.

Without much hesitation, he hurried came to his side, and after Chu Feng sat down, Old Liu said, “I actually don’t have much to hide from you.

“There are two ways that the Crippling Night Demon Sect defends itself. One is defend, one is attack. You’ve seen defend—the indestructible Spirit Formation as well as the countless mechanisms.

“No matter if it’s the Spirit Formation or the mechanisms, unless you know the method of deactivation, it is extremely difficult to forcefully break through them.

“As for the so-called attack, it is based around people. For those who join the Crippling Night Demon Sect, the symbol representing the Crippling Night Demon Sect is drawn on their backs.

“But, in reality, it is not a simple symbol. It is a formation that connects with their dantian, one that also harmonizes with this formation here. It is a slaughtering formation. As long as it is activated, all members of the Crippling Night Demon Sect within a certain distance will obtain its power, and their strength will increase dramatically.

“Not only strength, even their courage, awareness, and wisdom will become extremely strong. At that time, the members of the Crippling Night Demon Sect will no longer be like their former state. From that moment, they will be true warriors. They will be decisive, and no mercy will be given.

“Almost every single piece of land of the Crippling Night Demon Sect has such a formation. The Depraved Ravine is naturally no exception. However, the slaughtering formation here, in comparison to other places, is different.” A hint of pride emerged onto Old Liu’s face as those words were spoken.

“What’s different?” asked Chu Feng.

“It has a name—Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation,” said Old Liu.

“Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation.” Chu Feng was taken aback.

“The Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation is as its name suggests. As long as the formation is activated, the members of the Crippling Night Demon Sect will be like unsealed demons. They become bloodthirsty and invincible. Everyone who evades the Crippling Night Demon Sect will die here without even leaving corpses behind,” Old Liu explained with a smile.

“It’s that powerful?” Chu Feng finally knew why Old Liu and the others were burdened with such an important mission. They had indeed a very strong trump card.

“Of course. Do you know why we set up such a situation here? It’s because the might of the Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation is extremely powerful. It can cost the people from the Immortal Execution Archipelago quite a bit.

“However, we’ve still underestimated them. I didn’t think they would send two of the Nine Immortals to this place for the treasure. If Lord Earth King hadn’t come, the ones who would bear quite the price would be us.

“Ahh, I initially wanted to borrow the treasure here to lure the Immortal Execution Archipelago and beat down their arrogant attitudes, and also rally together the brothers who have been scattered to all sorts of places.

“However, none of us expected the current Immortal Execution Archipelago to be so troublesome to deal with.” Some self-blame unavoidably emerged onto Old Liu’s face after he spoke those words. They had indeed underestimated the Immortal Execution Archipelago.

“Old Liu, what exactly is the treasure in this place that made the Immortal Execution Archipelago send two of the Nine Immortals here?” Chu Feng followed with a question.

“Hoh, if the Immortal Execution Archipelago knew what treasure this is, I’m afraid they wouldn’t just send the Eighth Immortal and the Ninth Immortal.” Old Liu lightly smiled, then looked at Chu Feng and said, “Wuqing, I heard you got an Incomplete Royal Armament on the Misty Peak from Temple Head Wuya?”

“Mm” Chu Feng nodded.

“How does it feel?” Old Liu asked.

“It is extremely powerful, far beyond typical martial skills and Elite Armaments,” Chu Feng said with a smile. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yeah, although Incomplete Royal Armaments have very strong power, they are still incomplete. Do you want to know what a true Royal Armament looks like?” Old Liu asked again.

“Of course I do.” Chu Feng nodded. If an Incomplete Royal Armament was able to cause one’s fighting strength to increase significantly, then how powerful would a true Royal Armament be? Chu Feng truly wanted to see it.

“Coincidentally, I have one here. After the Immortal Execution Archipelago is taken care of, I’ll make an exception and let you see a true Royal Armament,” said Old Liu faintly. And, when he did, he said it mentally. It could be seen not even all his subordinates know that there was a Royal Armament here.

“Could the treasure in this place be that Royal Armament?” Chu Feng was very shocked.

“Hoh, in front of a Royal Armament, what else can be called a treasure? Of course it’s it,” replied Old Liu truthfully.

“But, since a Royal Armament is so precious, why is it put here?” Chu Feng was confused why the Crippling Night Demon Sect left such a valuable thing here, and didn’t take it away.

“It’s because the precious master of this Royal Armament is Lord Sect Head. Other than him, no one else is worthy of this Royal Armament. Even the Four Protectors aren’t.

“In reality, even Lord Sect Head back then was only a master of an Incomplete Royal Armament. He didn’t receive the true approval of the Royal Armament,” sent Old Liu mentally.

“Even the head of the Crippling Night Demon Sect was unable to receive the approval of the Royal Armament?” Chu Feng felt a bit disbelief.

“Heh, my friend Wuqing, don’t underestimate Royal Armaments. They are weapons that only Royal-cloak World Spiritists can create, and not only do they contain extremely powerful King-level Martial power, they also have their own intelligence. Moreover, the level of intelligence is the standard of determining the quality of the Royal Armament.

“The one here is most definitely the highest quality one. I don’t mind telling you this—the person who made it was a Martial Emperor,” said Old Liu solemn.

*gulp* Even Chu Feng couldn’t help gulping when he heard those words. A Royal Armament made by a Martial Emperor... That was truly something one would yearn for.

*hmm* Just at that moment, golden radiance spewed out above the palace door, but it quickly faded away soon after. At that instant, the tightly shut door gradually opened within rumblings.

As it opened, everyone had faces of reverence. Even Chu Feng quickly rose and cast his fiery gaze behind the doors, his heart becoming excited as well.