MGA: Chapter 790 - What Is Going On?

At that instant, You Tonghan was like a wooden chicken as he stood on the spot, stupefied. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even though he knew when Murong Xun held the Royal Armament, he would become unparalleled in strength, he didn’t expect Murong Xun would become that powerful.

When his trump card was completely destroyed, he felt as if his life had ended. He simply had no way of fighting against Murong Xun. Even the current strike alone would lead him to an undoubtable death.

*whoosh whoosh*

But just at that moment, two extremely powerful martial skills came from both sides, crashing into Murong Xun’s Royal Armament strike.

*boom rumble rumble* In an instant, deafening explosions burst out, uncontrollably shock waves also spread everywhere.

“You Tonghan, what the hell are you looking at? Royal Armaments have unique deterrence—don’t be frightened by it. Although he does have one, we are not fighting alone. Behind us we also have the brothers of the Crippling Night Demon Sect,” shouted Xuan Xiaochao.

“Brother Han, get yourself together! The result of this battle is not determined yet!” said Fu Fengming with a faint smile.

“All of you, this is...” After You Tonghan saw Xuan Xiaochao and Fu Fengming, he was astonished.

At that very instant, black flames rose from their bodies. Their auras could not be described with the same terms as before.

And behind them, almost a thousand from the Crippling Night Demon Sect stood orderly. They were standing in air and continuously taking their power, melding it together, and merging it into Xuan Xiaochao’s and Fu Fengming’s body.

*hmm* Just then, another black-coloured ray shot out from the crowd and entered directly into You Tonghan’s body.

At that moment, You Tonghan’s body ignited as well. Like Xuan Xiaochao and Fu Fengming, they were black-coloured flames. He too felt his aura churn, and his blood boil. In a short instant, his fighting strength grew by many times.

“Interesting. This is the unique formation of the Crippling Night Demon Sect, right?

“Through the symbol of the Crippling Night Demon Sect, they undergo an exchange of power. I must admit that this technique is quite brilliant.” When he saw that, Murong Xun smiled with contempt, then he added, “However, the three of you wouldn’t truly think you can defeat me with the power of those thousand Martial Lords?”

“Hoh, Murong Xun, if you think we are fighting against you with only the power of our brothers, then you are wrong.” Xuan Xiaochao too lightly smiled at Murong Xun’s words of contempt. Shortly after, an abnormally fierce glint emerged into his eyes and he loudly shouted, “What we are truly relying on is the power of the Crippling Night Demon Sect!”

After speaking, Xuan Xiaochao flipped his palm. A golden halberd appeared in his hand. Although it was an Incomplete Royal Armament, in his hands, it currently contained extremely powerful might.

*whoosh whoosh whoosh* At the same time, You Tonghan and Fu Fengming also took out their Incomplete Royal Armaments, and together with Xuan Xiaochao, they started attacking Murong Xun.

“Haha! You three trash, you’ve come at the perfect moment. I’ll let you experience the power of a Royal Armament.” Murong Xun roared with laughter, and the disdain in his eyes was not only undiminished, it increased instead. The Royal Armament in his hand trembled, then its power clashed with the three who obtained the power of a thousand people.

*dang dang dang dang*

Immediately, three Incomplete Royal Armaments and a single true Royal Armament endlessly clashed with one another. Every time they did so, a violent shock wave would burst out, as well as sparks that flooded the sky.

However, the power of the Royal Armament was really too strong. Even though Xuan Xiaochao and the others obtained the support of nearly a thousand Martial Lords, they still felt greatly pressured.

*boom rumble rumble* Finally, another huge explosion rang out. As a horrifying shock wave exploded outward, Xuan Xiaochao, You Tonghan, and Fu Fengming were actually unable to defend against it and were thrown out.

“Ahh—” At the same time, the near-thousand Martial Lords channeling power into the three of them were instantly defeated. All of them spat out blood, their bodies heavily injured. They had already lost the ability to continue fighting.

Murong Xun, with the power of the Royal Armament, fought a thousand alone, and completely crushed them, obtaining victory.

“This is too horrifying. This Murong Xun with a Royal Armament is like a completely different person from before! Could his fighting strength truly be compared to a Martial King?”

“Powerful. Truly powerful. As expected of a Royal Armament, the strongest weapon in the Eastern Sea Region.”

When things progressed to what they had, almost everyone’s gazes were concentrated within Murong Xun’s circle of battle. Even though shock waves scattered about, blurring the scene, at that moment, they were still able to see who won and who lost.

“Haha, with the Royal Armament, who can defeat me within the realm of Martial Lords? All of you must die.” Seeing the pale-faced Xuan Xiaochao and the others, Murong Xun’s laughter became even more complacent. As he spoke, he was about to kill them.

*hmm* But just at that moment, Murong Xun’s complexion suddenly changed. After taking out the badge on his waist and looking at it, his complexion turned even worse. He muttered, “What happened? Even the Ninth Immortal sent a signal for help?”

“Young master, quickly save the Ninth Immortal!” Simultaneously, the Eighth Immortal also shouted. Clearly, he also received the signal for help from the Ninth Immortal.

“Hmph. I’ll temporarily let you live for a bit more. In a while, I’ll return to take your lives.” Murong Xun put away the Royal Armament in his hand, then looked at Ya Fei and Murong Wan, and said, “Fei’er, Wan’er, follow me!”

*whoosh* After speaking, Murong Xun suddenly punched the surface of the ground. With a boom, a deep pit appeared. At the bottom of the deep pit, there was a tunnel—it was the area Chu Feng and the others walked in before.

Quickly after, Murong Xun rushed towards the underground tunnel. Ya Fei and Murong Wan hurriedly followed as well.

Murong Xun was extremely fast, and in addition, the Spirit Formation and obstructions were already deactivated so in nearly a blink, they reached the deepest part of the underground palace.

However, when Murong Xun, Ya Fei, and Murong Wan arrived at the entrance of the palace and saw the scene before their eyes, they all couldn’t help being taken aback and were deeply dumbfounded.

At that very instant, titled as a person with one of the strongest fighting strength of the Immortal Execution Archipelago, one who had defeated countless Martial Lords, the Ninth Immortal, was lying on the floor, hands on his head, and was rolling back and forth. He was enduring the surrounding abuse, and at that moment, blood was flowing from his mouth and nose, his eyes and face were blue and swollen, and he completely lost the ability to counterattack.

The ones who were so brutally attacking the Ninth Immortal were actually the ten old men at the peak of the Martial Lord realm.

As they saw such a scene, Ya Fei and Murong Wan were truly dumbstruck. After looking at each other, they said simultaneously, “This... What is going on?”