MGA: Chapter 795 - Thunder in a Clear Sky

At that moment, within the Depraved Ravine, no matter if it was in the sky or underground, intense fighting was occurring.

No one knew what Chu Feng did to Ya Fei and Murong Wan in front of the Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation because several hours had already passed since the beginning of the battle. There were many injuries on both sides.

Even the two Martial Kings, the Earth King and the Eighth Immortal, had pale faces and were drenched with sweat. In comparison to when they first appeared, their auras were several times weaker.

They were in a hurry for victory, so they were always using the strongest offensive and defensive techniques. As such, their exhaustion of strength was enormous, but even so, they remained on equal ground.

However, when the battle had reached such a stage, a single weak change could determine victory and defeat. Neither dared to have the tiniest bit of carelessness, because these were the final moments that decided who won.

*rumble... rumble... rumble... rumble... rumble...* Just at that moment, a deafening sound started endlessly coming from deep underground. That sound grew in volume, as if an extremely terrifying existence had been awakened, spreading uneasiness in many people’s hearts.

“Haha, has it finally succeeded? Lord Qiu Canfeng’s subordinates truly are reliable.” Feeling that change, the Earth King, who had fought for so long, couldn’t help sighing in relief as a smile was formed.

“Even the young master with the Royal Armament was unable to stop it?” The Eighth Immortal was no fool; since there was a Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation here, he knew it was certain that it had been activated. So, he quickly yelled his throat out at the bloody Immortal Execution Archipelago experts, “The Immortal Execution Archipelago, attention! All retreat!”

Naturally, the people from the Immortal Execution Archipelago wanted to retreat after hearing that command, but how could the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect, who were already prepared, give them that chance? All of them stuck closely and didn’t let go, appearing as if they would force them behind even if they died themselves.

*hmm* Just at that moment, a powerful ripple, like an invisible wave, burst out from underground.

When the ripple passed through the bodies of the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect, all of them felt their backs heat up. No matter if it was lethargy, or the pain of injuries, all of them disappeared like a whisper of smoke in the wind. Extremely powerful strength started unceasingly surging into their dantians, which spread itself throughout their bodies.

“Kill them!” shouted an expert from the Crippling Night Demon Sect all of a sudden. Immediately following that, he struck down with his palm, and with a bang, the expert from the Immortal Execution Archipelago who had been in a long fight with him exploded into a pool of blood.

“This is bad!” Seeing that, everyone from the Immortal Execution Archipelago were stupefied. They knew that someone must have successfully activated the Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation, otherwise, the people from the Crippling Night Demon Sect wouldn’t have become so savage and terrifying.

“Haha, Eighth Immortal, let me see how you will defend against me now!” The Earth King laughed, then threw a punch forward. Instantly, the world shook and in the areas passed by the wild Martial power, even space itself shattered. It was simply many times more powerful than before.

“Since things have progressed to what they have, I can only put my life on the line. I must bring young master and the others away here safely.” However, a resolute glint flashed in the Eighth Immortal’s eyes when facing the Earth King’s powerful attack.

Quickly after, he leaped forward, and dodged it. Then, he flew straight towards the entrance that Murong Xun and the others stepped into before.

Moreover, as he flew, he muttered to himself, “With this Mysterious Technique, burn my life! With this taboo, convert it into strength! With this life, commence the final battle!”

*boom* Suddenly, an explosion rang out from the Eighth Immortal’s body. Then, around his body, a layer of purple-coloured flames ignited. After those flames appeared, his aura too rose dramatically.

“Go die!” Then, the Eighth Immortal turned around abruptly, and sent a fist in the Earth King’s direction. The purple-coloured flames burning on his body left and became a huge purple-flamed bird. With a deafening rumble, as if it were alive, it went straight for the Earth King. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“This bastard cultivated such evil—this Forbidden Mysterious Technique!” As he looked at the incoming purple-flamed bird, the Earth King tightly frowned. He didn’t dare to be careless in any way, and used his full strength to fight the purple-flamed bird.

*swish* Although the purple-flamed bird was already in a tangle with the Earth King, the Eighth Immortal did not take the opportunity to chase after and strike him. Instead, he turned around and rushed into the underground palace.

At that moment, the skin all over his body was turning purple—it was a battle technique that took life as a price. When one used such a technique, there was nearly no doubt they would die. So, he had to be swift and finish what he wanted to do.

When the Eighth Immortal entered the palace, he discovered Murong Xun currently fighting against the Ten Gold-cloak Brothers, and he was also strongly repressed at that moment.

Not only was he forced back again and again, many wounds appeared on his body. The Ten Gold-cloak Brothers, who received the power of the Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation, were no longer people Murong Xun could defeat.

“You dare to attack my young master? You will all die!”

The Eighth Immortal was furious. He waved his arm, and his King-level Martial power burst out. With a boom, the Ten Gold-cloak Brothers were forced into the air, and when they landed back onto the ground, they spat out blood and temporarily, they lost the ability to move.

“Eighth Immortal, you...” Seeing his current appearance, Murong Xun’s expression changed as well. He knew what the Eighth Immortal’s change represented.

“Young master, there’s no time. My body won’t be able to support itself soon. Where are Ya Fei and Miss Wan’er? I must immediately bring all of you away,” said the Eighth Immortal.

“Dammit! It must be that Wuqing who activated the Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation. Eighth Immortal, quickly bring me in. Fei’er and Wan’er are inside.

“I will cut that Wuqing’s corpse into a million pieces! No, not only him, also everyone related to him! No matter who, as long as they are associated with him, I will give them a horrid death!”

When Ya Fei and Murong Wan were mentioned, Murong Xun couldn’t help but think of Chu Feng. He knew that all of the changes happening were because of Chu Feng.

And upon thinking that Chu Feng completely destroyed an initially perfect plan with victory already in their grasps, he was enraged.

He yearned to eat Chu Feng’s flesh, to drink his blood, and to completely mutilate everyone who knew Chu Feng, otherwise the anger in his heart could not be extinguished.

“Go.” Following Murong Xun’s gaze, the Eighth Immortal also knew where Ya Fei and Murong Wan were. Dragging him, they leapt towards that direction.

However, when they reached the very bottom, and entered the palace which the Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation resided in, the two of them were astounded.

What they saw was not only the activated Demon Bestowal Slaughtering Formation, it was also Ya Fei and Murong Wan.

However, there were no more clothes on their bodies; their perfect figures were revealed with nothing concealed, and they were currently curled up and silently weeping. On the ground, near their beautiful legs, there were also two small puddles of crimson-red blood.

Most importantly, close to the two stood a man—that man was none other than Chu Feng.

*boom* Murong Xun felt an explosion go off in his brain, as if a huge mountain crashed down from the sky and struck his head. He was stunned.

At that very moment, it was not only his younger sister who was bare naked and curling nearby. It was also his fiancée who he dreamt of sleeping with.