Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 842 - Uneasiness

After the destruction of the Asura Ghost Tower, there was no one remaining within the Spirit Province who required Chu Feng’s worry.

So, leading a group of experts, he left.

However, he did not leave the continent of the Nine Provinces immediately. He first returned to the Azure Province.

The reason he returned was naturally because of the Imperial Tomb. At first, Chu Feng prepared to enter and visit Qiu Canfeng. First, to report the situation in the Eastern Sea Region, and also hoping he could give him some sort of advice.

However, after entering, Chu Feng discovered that the Imperial Tomb was truly too profound. After a while, the traps that had been broken through by Huangfu Haoyue had already repaired themselves. Naturally, Chu Feng did not dare to challenge those horrifying Spirit Formation.

As he could do nothing else, Chu Feng had no choice but to give it up. However, before leaving, he did not forget to lay another Concealment Formation in front of the Imperial Tomb’s entrance, in case there were experts from the Immortal Execution Archipelago who’d come and discover this place.

Actually, the Imperial Tomb being discovered was not too important, but if Qiu Canfeng were discovered that would not be good at all.

Although Qiu Canfeng, his so-called master, didn’t give Chu Feng too much of an assistance, he was still his master. Chu Feng hoped nothing would happen to him.

After a few more events, Chu Feng finally brought the experts from the World Spirit Guild to the new residence of the people from the Nine Provinces. It was a land named as the Desolate Continent.

The Desolate Continent wasn’t truly desolate. On the continent, there were still quite a few people living there, but there were very few cultivation experts. There were even fewer sects and things such as those, so that was why it was named by the other continents as one of the most degenerated continents.

That was also why the continent wasn’t attention-grabbing. It was even ignored by some, so Chu Feng chose to relocate everyone to this place.

As such, with the assistance of the Crippling Night Demon Sect, the people from the continent of the Nine Provinces had now properly set themselves up in the Desolate Continent.

They didn’t carry out any large-scale construction such as building cities in places where there were many people and instead, chose to live hiddenly deep in mountains and forests where there were Monstrous Beasts—places others didn’t dare to enter.

Although many felt discomfort due to leaving their homeland, after Chu Feng returned, the crowd swept away their dispirited emotions and all of them were excited. To them, Chu Feng was not only a peak expert, he was also a person who saved them all—a huge hero in their hearts.

And since Chu Feng was in a hurry to relocate his relatives and friends, he simply didn’t even have a good meal with the crowd. So, on the day he returned, a banquet was held just for him. He ate and toasted with many friends and seniors from the Azure Dragon School, the World Spirit Guild, and the Jiang Dynasty.

“Big Brother Chu Feng, are you still going to return to the Eastern Sea Region? Don’t go! Right now, it is too dangerous there.”

“Yeah! Junior Chu Feng, in my perspective, how about you just stay with us and hide here for a while! When we brothers all become Martial Lords, we can just directly walk onto the Heavenly Road and take a look at that Holy Land of Martialism.”

“Yeah! Chu Feng, Brother Wushang and Senior Zhang are correct. Since you’ve already saved Sister Zi Ling, why not just bring her family here and peacefully cultivate with us!” During the banquet, Jiang Wushang, Zhang Tianyi, Su Rou, and Su Mei, the people close to Chu Feng, all urged him not to return to the Eastern Sea Region.

And when others heard about that, nearly everyone cast their gazes at Chu Feng. There was even a bit of pleading and urging in their eyes—all of them hoped Chu Feng would stay.

After the relocation, they too had learnt about the Eastern Sea Region from the members of the Crippling Night Demon Sect. They already knew that the Immortal Execution Archipelago put up wanted posters everywhere for Chu Feng.

“Zi Ling has indeed been saved, and a huge stone in my heart has finally disappeared.

“However, the Crippling Night Demon Sect has treated me well. I cannot just hide myself when the Crippling Night Demon Sect and the Immortal Execution Archipelago prepare to start a war.” However, Chu Feng resolutely shook his head at the crowd’s gazes, then firmly said, “I must return.” Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

“But...” At that instant, Su Rou and Su Mei wanted to say something.

“Little Rou, Little Mei, just leave it be. Men are like this. Don’t be softhearted and advise him to be unloyal.” But just at that moment, the Azure Dragon Founder spoke.

Moreover, as he spoke, he stood up, raised his wine glass, and said, “Chu Feng, go ahead. A good man should not fear risks and he should fight even in the most desperate of situations. We will await your return. I’m sure when you do, you will become even stronger. That Immortal Execution Archipelago will also definitely not defeat you.”

“Chu Feng, we support you! Go, do what you want! No matter when, we will support you to the very end!” After the Azure Dragon Founder spoke, the old ancestor of the Jiang Dynasty, Zhuge Liuyun, and the others all raised their glasses. The seniors all toasted towards Chu Feng

“Seniors, thank you. I will definitely not disappoint any of you.” When he saw that, Chu Feng felt greatly moved. He quickly rose and toasted the crowd.

Since even the many seniors of the continent of the Nine Provinces spoke, there was no one who urged Chu Feng to stay behind any longer. They only chose to support Chu Feng.

However, after Chu Feng insisted on leaving, Su Rou, Su Mei, Jiang Wushang, and Zhang Tianyi wanted to join the Crippling Night Demon Sect regardless of what they had to do, and fight shoulder-to-shoulder with Chu Feng when they returned to the Eastern Sea Region.

Naturally, Chu Feng didn’t wish for them to do that, but he could not stop the four them the same way they could not stop himself. In the end, Chu Feng could only choose to compromise. Bringing the four of them, and the army of the Crippling Night Demon Sect, they all returned to the Eastern Sea Region.

Before arriving, the army of the Crippling Night Demon Sect, with their ten warships, split up with Chu Feng and the others. From what they said, the war between the Crippling Night Demon Sect and the Immortal Execution Archipelago had already begun, so they had to quickly enter the battlefield.

As for Chu Feng, he was a very important person who required protection from the Crippling Night Demon Sect. Yet, due to the war, all the experts who had showed themselves were fighting so there was simply no one who could protect him.

So, back then when Chu Feng led the army back to the continent of the Nine Provinces, the Earth King had told him there was no need to care about the army after handling the matter at the continent of the Nine Provinces. It would be fine for them to return on their own.

Moreover, before Chu Feng received any orders, he could not rashly face the people from the Immortal Execution Archipelago, nor could he go find them himself. So, the Earth King advised him to go to the Misty Peak. With Lady Piaomiao’s protection, the Earth King and the other Crippling Night Demon Sect experts could be more at ease.

In reality, even if the Earth King didn’t say those things, the place Chu Feng wanted to go the most was still the Misty Peak. First, it was because Zi Ling was there so he wanted to know how went the development of the cure for Zi Ling’s Heaven Gripping Pellet.

Second, even though he promised Jiang Wushang and the others they could enter the Crippling Night Demon Sect and fight shoulder-by-shoulder with him, Chu Feng wouldn’t let them die for nothing. As such, since he could not guarantee their safety, it was the best choice to bring them to the Misty Peak.

However, just as Chu Feng arrived at the entrance, he was met immediately by the guardians of the Misty Peak, and they brought him to Lady Piaomiao.

Seeing she was looking for him with such urgency, Chu Feng started feeling uneasy. He felt that something had happened.