Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 876 - Earthen Taboo—Firmament Slash

*aoo—* A thunderous roar came from the island, and the serenity changed abruptly. An indescribable huge mouth rose up to the surface from the bottom of the island, and it was slowly widening.

After that mouth opened, a revolting stench came from it. The large teeth within the mouth even terrified Chu Feng.

*boom*

After that huge mouth widened, it bit down at the water snakes, directly engulfing three. As it chewed, large amounts of blood gushed out without end, instantly dying the sea red.

*wuaoo—*

The remaining several huge snakes at the bottom of the sea panicked from horror. They first let out a timid sound, then quickly burrowed deep into the ground with frightening speed, aiming to escape.

*aoo—*

But before they even made much distance, the island opened its mouth again. A boundless suction power burst out, drawing back those sea snakes amidst their terrified cries. All of them entered the island mouth and were engulfed.

At that instant, Chu Feng couldn’t help inhaling deeply. He captured all of that in his eyes. How did that even look like an island? It was simply a sea beast—a huge tortoise as big as an island.

Not only was it enormous, it was very powerful as well—a Martial King.

But even so, Chu Feng was not afraid. He didn’t escape, and instead, spread his legs, entering a fighting stance as he stood in the air. Then, his left hand held an illusory bow, his right hand pulled an illusory arrow, then as his arms moved back and forth, his hand opening and closing, countless golden arrows became a horrifying rain of arrows that flew down the sky, straight towards the huge tortoise.

*whoosh whoosh whoosh...*

When the golden arrows rushed down from the sky, its might could truly force ghosts and gods to evade them. They were extremely frightening, and before they even dropped down, the sea beneath was already stirred up in a mess as it surged about.

*boom rumble rumble* However, just as the golden arrows were about to collide, the huge tortoise seemed to had detected them. With the move of its body, it controlled the boundless sea water. Like pillars, they rose into the sky, instantly breaking Chu Feng’s attack.

Afterwards, the huge tortoise slowly raised his enormous head, and cast its incomparably huge eyes which let out a bloody glint towards Chu Feng.

Those eyes unrestrainedly showed fierceness. However, it did not attack Chu Feng, nor was Chu Feng afraid. Instead, he flashed it a light smile, and made a provocative gesture at the sea tortoise.

*aoo—*

It seemed to understand that gesture as it made a furious roar in protest, but in the end, it put away its gaze, and burrowed its head back into the sea. Then, with rumbles, the surrounding waves rolled to and fro, and up and down. The huge tortoise didn’t attack Chu Feng, and instead, swam away.

Shortly after it left, the blood drifting around the surface started to condense and change, becoming a dozen or so sea snakes!

They looked the exact same as the ones engulfed by the huge tortoise before, but they acted as if nothing had ever happened. They truly resembled the ones before, and after roaming around in the water, they went their own ways and swam into the distance.

“This is truly not simple at all. It really is a holy land for cultivating martial skills!” A faint smile was on Chu Feng face because he now knew the importance of this place.

This space was independent, so one could say everything Chu Feng saw in here was fake. No matter if it was the mountains, or the sea, or the creatures in this world, they were all fake.

Everything here was created by the powerful formation. They wouldn’t harm Chu Feng, but they would stop his attacks, and also dodge his attacks. Even if they were destroyed, or destroyed by other beings, they would be revived.

It was because their value in existing was to be attacked by others. They were the perfect existence for practicing martial skills.

After understanding the mysteriousness of this place, Chu Feng felt even more curious as to who the master was, since he was able to lay such a powerful formation.

But this place was already a mystery, so how could Chu Feng know who the master was?

Since he didn’t know, then he didn’t bother thinking about it. Chu Feng started to close his eyes and review the method of cultivating the Firmament Slash.

EARTHEN TABOO—FIRMAMENT SLASH.

CREATED BY GREAT EMPEROR FIRMAMENT AT TWO THOUSAND YEARS OF AGE.

SUMMON THE AURA OF THE FIRMAMENTS TO CAST DESTRUCTION UPON THE WORLD.

IT IS THE HIGHEST QUALITY WORK OF EARTHEN TABOO MARTIAL SKILLS.

THOSE WHO WISH TO CULTIVATE THIS MUST BE GREATLY VIGOROUS.

THEY MUST POSSESS A BODY OF KING-LEVEL MARTIAL POWER.

THOSE BELOW MARTIAL KINGS ARE FORBIDDEN FROM CULTIVATION.

OTHERWISE, THE BACKLASH WILL BRING UPON THEMSELF:

A CHRONIC ILLNESS IF SUPERFICIAL;

IMMEDIATE DEATH IF SEVERE.

The Firmament Slash was very complicated, but in simpler terms, it was to use special techniques combined with King-level Martial power to create something called the Aura of Firmament. When this Aura of Firmament was released, it would create terrifying destruction—that was the Firmament Slash.

However, putting aside the fact it was very difficult to create the Firmament Slash, even if he were able to, there still remained the high physical requirement, since the Firmament Slash harmed the physical body greatly. That was especially so in the instant it was released as it would strike the body with heavy force.

If his physical body weren’t strong enough, he wouldn’t be able to receive the force of the Aura of Firmament. Even if he could create it, before it struck his enemy, he would have already killed himself.

But to Chu Feng, that was not a problem. His physical body had always been strong, and now, since he was an actual Martial Lord, his body was strengthened once again. The lightning armour would not only raise Chu Feng’s cultivation by one rank and raise his fighting strength, it was even able to reinforce his physical body.

So, with Eggy’s assistance, and the protection of the lightning armour, Chu Feng’s physical body was sufficient to endure the Aura of Firmament. At least, he could endure it once within a short period of time. Although he would still receive a backlash, at least he could bear through it.

As for King-level Martial power... Chu Feng wasn’t a Martial King, so he simply didn’t have that. That being said, though he didn’t have any, his Royal Armament did.

Royal Armaments were created by King-level Martial power. Thus, they not only had the power, they could summon it as well. Therefore, as long as he had the Silver Dragon Spear, that was not an issue either.

Right now, the only issue Chu Feng had was how to create the Firmament Slash.

That... was truly very difficult. Extremely, extremely difficult. Not to mention a typical Martial Lord, even an ordinary Martial King, without several years of cultivation, should not even think of creating it. As such, it could be seen how difficult it was.

But before Chu Feng even started, he had already roughly found the steps. What he required now was only practice. Practice his steps to control it—to control the Aura of Firmament.

It could even be said with Chu Feng’s comprehension strength, he would have no problem successfully cultivating the Firmament Slash. What he needed was only time. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Moreover, Chu Feng already had a feeling regarding the power of the Firmament Slash. If he failed, then whatever. If he succeeded, however, then Chu Feng would even be able to put up a fight against Martial Kings.