Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

MGA: Chapter 978 - The Pope of the Burning Heaven Church

“Actually... I’ve always wanted to spar with Senior Huangfu Haoyue. After all, he was someone who defeated the former head of the Crippling Night Demon Sect.

“Although I don’t wish for the current situation, it is a rare opportunity for me to experience Senior Huangfu Haoyue’s techniques.”

However, even though anyone could tell that the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven were several times fiercer than before, Chu Feng remained, unexpectedly, fearless. Instead, there was a hint of yearning surging within his eyes.

Huangfu Haoyue was very powerful—of course Chu Feng knew that. Huangfu Haoyue was the strongest person he had seen, and he was even more sure of that after hearing Qiu Canfeng talk about what had happened in the Eastern Sea Region.

Chu Feng knew very well that the strongest person when the Crippling Night Demon Sect was at its peak era wasn’t the head of the sect, whose name alone brought forth fear. It was Huangfu Haoyue because when he was thirty years old, he was already equal to the head of the Crippling Night Demon Sect. Now, he was far superior.

Right now, Chu Feng too was named as the strongest genius in the Eastern Sea Region, but Huangfu Haoyue was an undefeated legend. So, Chu Feng, with the cultivation gained from the Immortal Transference Mysterious Technique, wanted to experience just how powerful this legend was.

“Chu Feng, you must be careful. There’s a total of nine levels for the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven. What Huangfu Haoyue used just now was only the first level. Right now, it’s the fifth.

“The power of every level is multiplied by ninefold. The power of the fifth level is dozens of times the first. You cannot be careless,” shouted Qiushui Fuyan. She saw Chu Feng was not preparing to dodge and instead planned to face it with force, so she made sure to remind Chu Feng of its power.

“The Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven Huangfu Haoyue grasps is this powerful? It’s simply several times more terrifying than the pope himself!” The elders of the Crippling Night Demon Sect such as Qiu Canfeng were shocked. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

To think the former head of the Crippling Night Demon Sect was titled the strongest in the Eastern Sea Region, and in everyone’s eyes the only person who could hold him back wasn’t Lady Piaomiao, but the pope of the Burning Heaven Church...

Although, strictly speaking, the pope of the Burning Heaven Church was possibly inferior to the head of the Crippling Night Demon Sect, the pope was still very strong.

His Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven was first-grade. Most importantly, his Royal Armament, the Fan of the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven, was very powerful. If added to the Burning Heaven Church’s Burning Heaven Mysterious Technique, it would be unstoppable. Even no inferior to the Demon Sealing Sword.

But right now, the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven Huangfu Haoyue cast was not with any external power, yet it had still surpassed the pope of the Burning Heaven Church. If he had the Fan of the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven to strengthen his cast, it would be unimaginable how powerful it’d become.

*whoosh* However, when the crowd was stunned by the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven, it had arrived onto Chu Feng. In such a critical moment of life and death, he made a shocking move: he put the Demon Sealing Sword behind him and punched the boundless flames.

*boom*

Before that punch, gales arose. The waves flew into the skies and everything turned into chaos. The most important thing, however, was that the horrifying flames were all pushed back.

*boom rumble rumble*

However, Huangfu Haoyue’s eyes glinted, and the flames that were pushed back surged towards Chu Feng again. Its power rose by several times and its area was endlessly enlarging as it swept everywhere.

But even so, Chu Feng remained fearless. This time, he threw out nine punches continuously. Every single one would be fiercer than the previous, and before such a perfect, destructive, and disastrous power, Huangfu Haoyue flames were pushed back.

However, Huangfu Haoyue was no simple person. As Qiushui Fuyan said: the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven truly had levels to them. If the sixth didn’t work, then the seventh. If not, the eighth. Every single stage’s power would be ninefold the former.

In the end, even Chu Feng felt enormous pressure. Especially when Huangfu Haoyue used the ninth level of the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven, the power it released twisted even space itself within the circumference of several thousand miles. The sea below even boiled.

If it weren’t for the many experts amongst the observers who laid Spirit Formations to protect the crowd, the heat from the flames alone could turn everyone into ashes.

So, before such horrifying flames, Chu Feng could only use the Demon Sealing Sword. It was the king of Royal Armaments, and its power was not to be underestimated. When Chu Feng became a rank five Martial King, the power of the Demon Sealing Sword rose accordingly as well.

“This is a true stunning battle. I never thought I would be able to see such a fight. I can now die without regrets.”

When Chu Feng and Huangfu Haoyue traded attacks back and forth, alternating between offense and defense, the people hiding within defensive Spirit Formations felt their bloods boil with passion. They were all astonished by the two’s powerful strength.

In the Eastern Sea Region, Martial Kings were already the peak. There hadn’t been a Martial Emperor for at least ten thousand years. So, no one had seen the glorious battle between Martial Emperors.

But today, after they saw the battle between Chu Feng and Huangfu Haoyue, they felt shocked. They had never seen such an intense battle before.

Even though they knew this was still very far off from the battle between Martial Emperors, they already felt very honoured to be witness to it. Even risking their lives to personally behold such a sight was worth it.

*whoosh* However, just at that moment, Huangfu Haoyue flipped his palm. A white fan appeared.

It was very lengthy: a meter and a half long. It was entirely white, and a bit glowing. It was not made out of paper, but more like translucent jade.

*whoosh* Suddenly, Huangfu Haoyue flipped his wrist, and the enormous fan opened up. Afterwards, from his palm, flames appeared.

The flames looked very strange, as if they were a fire serpents as they squirmed up the white fan. At that moment, a boundless aura was also released from Huangfu Haoyue body. This was a Royal Armament, and absolutely not a normal Royal Armament.

“It’s the Fan of the Raging Flames of the Burning Heaven!”

“Does this mean Huangfu Haoyue has become the pope of the Burning Heaven Church?”

After seeing that fan, everyone inhaled a deep breath. They recognized Huangfu Haoyue’s fan. It was the Royal Armament only the pope of the Burning Heaven Church could possess.

It was very similar to the Demon Sealing Sword. Not only was its power strong, it held a special meaning—it represented the pope. In other words, the person who held this fan was the pope of the Burning Heaven Church.

So, to be more precise, the person who was fighting Chu Feng was not only Huangfu Haoyue, but also the pope of the Burning Heaven Church.