Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1002 A Wager Capable of Bankrupting a Race!

"Let's help him out then." Clan head Azesdirth smirked faintly and announced to everyone that prince Domino's UVR's room was open to them.

Upon hearing so, the dragons started breaking into light particles by the dozens.

It didn't take long before the entire auditorium was emptied completely...Even Malak tagged along to cheer on Felix.

...

"Looks like you were prepared." Felix commentated as he looked around him...The room had been transformed into an outrageously humongous arena, stretching for hundreds of kilometers!

"Enough crap, let's fight." Prince Domino said as he cracked his neck.

"Now hold on a second." Felix snickered, "Let's wait for the arena to get packed...I need witnesses to avoid having you acting like a sore loser again."

"Fine by me."

'Time to kick-start the second step.' Felix smirked in his mind.

Unbeknownst to prince Domino, Felix had already anticipated that he would come and challenge him publicly after reading his spiteful message.

He included him in his masterful plan to dry out the dragons before the auction even started.

Without hesitation, Felix published the news about his fight on a galactical scale, managing to attract the majority of the dragons to attend the battle.

Everyone sat on invisible chairs in the sky above prince Domino and Felix, causing the atmosphere to get heated.

When Felix saw that there were more than a hundred thousand dragons above them, he manifested a gigantic holographic screen.

It was displaying a gray royal gemstone that belonged to prince Arentis...But, no one knew that it was his as they believed it to be a bloodline treasure.

"To spice things up, how about we have a couple of bets on the outcome of the battle?" Felix wondered with a honest smile as he eyed prince Domino.

Prince Domino eyed the royal gemstone for a few moments before focusing back on Felix.

"What do you have in mind?"

"I have saved one last bloodline treasure for emergencies." Felix pointed at the gray royal gemstone and said, "I am willing to put this precious bloodline treasure on the line against everyone."

"I will open a public betting channel with three tiers of wagers against me." Felix raised three fingers and disclosed like a salesman with twenty years of experience, "1 to 2 odds if I win while using everything. 1 to 5 odds if I win without using my explosive bullet. 1 to 10 odds if I win while using only physical strength."

"If you choose one of the options, but I ended up losing because of the another, you will get the returns from the mentioned tier."

In other words, Felix would have to pay everyone, who bet against him even if the tiers chosen didn't match!

It was pure foolishness as it enforced him to win regardless of what if he wanted to avoid paying a crazy sum!

"Are you making a fool out of me with those bets?" Prince Domino eyed him frigidly.

Even the viewers felt like Felix was taking it too far with his jokes. In their eyes, it would be a difficult battle for Felix to win if he went all out.

Yet, he was trying to limit himself by removing his strongest abilities?

"I don't have to explain myself. The currency used is high graded natural treasures." Felix stared at the viewers above him and said, "You guys know that I can afford to pay you all."

The auction had just concluded and everyone attending it knew that Felix must have at least gathered twenty thousand grade B natural treasures of value.

This was enough to be considered as a safety net for anyone desiring to place a bet against him.

"Make sure to read the rules before placing a bet." Felix advised with good intentions.

Clan heads looked at each other before checking the wager rules on the holographic screen.

"The odds are applicable both ways and only the person with the highest won amount from the bet will be rewarded with the bloodline treasure as a bonus." Clan head Ygos frowned, "So, the only way to get the bloodline treasures is to go as high as possible."

The odds being applicable both ways implied that if Felix won, everyone needed to pay him double, five times, or ten times the amount they initially betted.

If he lost, he would pay them based on those crazy odds as well.

"If someone lost and didn't have enough to pay, he will enter a debtor relation with the dragonslayer or vice versa." Clan head Bymid scratched his chin, "Payments have to be met on yearly basis and with 5% interest increase."

This rule was put to make sure that even if someone f*cked up and ended up losing more than he owned, he still could divide the payment to yearly basis instead of being punished by Queen Ai.

It also acted as comfort for the betters that Felix would pay them whether now or on yearly basis.

"Bet at your own risk...The window will be open for fifteen minutes and then closed forever." Felix warned one last time before finally opening the wager channel to everyone.

In the first couple of minutes, only a handful of dragons placed bets on the third tier, that Felix would lose if he fought while using only his physical strength.

In their eyes, it was the smartest and safest choice even if the odds were the heaviest.

That's because if Felix won while using abilities, they wouldn't be losing anything...However, if he lost, they would be winning either double or quintuple their betted amount!!

The only way for them to truly lose was if Felix won against prince Domino while using his physical strength.

This was simply unimaginable.

"I guess spending such a long period in the dimensional pocket has ended up messing with his mind."

"I would have reconsidered betting against him if he merely had the first two options."

"Same, he must have trained his elemental manipulations quite extensively."

The dragons weren't dumb enough to believe that Felix had spent an entire century doing nothing but chilling inside the dimensional pocket.

In their minds, Felix must have learned many new elemental abilities and enhanced his external range.

As for his physical strength? They were confident that he had no way to increase it to the point he could take down prince Domino with it.

After all, prince Domino could reach up to 150K BF when enraged!RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Since Felix's appearence hadn't changed, this made them assured that he hadn't replaced his bloodline and boosted his physical strength to an uncanny level.

"What do you think?" Clan head Bymid asked as he looked at his peers.

"I don't know...Dragonslayer isn't foolish to put himself in such a disadvantageous situation." Clan head Kyrsun knitted his eyebrows, "At the same time, I don't see a way for him to win a physical battle unless prince Domino sold the fight."

"Mind your words." Clan head Ygos warned him, "My son will never stoop this low."

"I am just making assumptions."

"Well, you guys can make assumptions as much as you want." Clan head heir Azesdirth narrowed his eyes at the gray gemstone and said, "I am getting that gray royal gemstone...It gives me a familiar feeling."

Without hesitation, clan head Azesdirth had placed a significant bet of one thousand B graded natural treasures of value on the 3rd tier.

This implied that if he won, Felix would have to pay him ten thousand B graded natural treasures or be in a debt!

When everyone saw this amount get displayed on the holographic screen and the dragon behind it, hell broke loose in the arena!

Clan head Azesdirth's initiative and reputation had caused the majority of the dragons to bet tens to hundreds of natural treasures on the third tier!

In their minds, there was no way clan head Azesdirth would place such an enormous bet without being 100% certain that it was risk-free!

Before long, the holographic screen was showing thousands of names with the amount betted next to them and the tier chosen.

As expected, no one was dumb enough to pick the first or second tier.

"I have changed my mind." Prince Domino smiled coldly, "I was planning to kill you, but now I will let you live to carry on the burden of paying everyone back for the rest of your life."

"Aren't you betting as well if you are so certain?" Felix mocked.

"I bet every single natural treasure in my possession on third tier." Prince Domino narrowed his eyes at Felix and taunted, "I dare you to fight me without abilities."

"Most certainly." Felix confirmed it casually.

Whoaah!!

This had caused more dragons to get lured in into the wager and put either some of their natural treasures or all of them!

By the time fifteen minutes had passed, the holographic list was displaying that there were more than twenty thousands and five hundred concurrent bets on the 3rd tier.

In total, the amount of betted natural treasures had crossed fifty thousand!!!

If the odds were applied, then the numbers would reach an insane level that would completely bankrupt an entire race!

Don't even mention a single person!

Yet, Felix was showing not a single ounce of fear or worry...In fact, he was grinning from ear to ear in his mind.

'You are really one shameless prick.' Asna giggled while covering her face, 'I have never seen someone bold enough to attempt to put a quarter of the dragon race into debt.'