Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1007 The Returnee System

Without a second thought, Felix entered his spaceship and took off from Zhuham, not bothering to say his goodbyes to anyone.

After his bad experience with Elder Dragon and prince Domino, Felix realized that royal dragons' pride remained pure only when their self-interest weren't touched.

He despised that greatly.

The only one he was comfortable with was prince Eizi due to his pure childish mind, which had yet gotten affected by the dragons' superior pride.

Felix didn't even feel comfortable with Anastasia since he realized that the only reason she was nice to him was due to his relation to Selphie.

If it wasn't for her, he wouldn't have been welcomed or treated as nicely.

'Royal dragons and red dragons are truly entirely different creatures.' Felix thought to himself as he traveled through the cosmos with a moderate speed.

The only dragons that Felix had faced and felt that they had pure pride were red dragons...Summerspirit had lost against Felix and still treated him with respect unlike price Arentis, prince Domino, Forgo, and the list goes on.

'It makes sense.' Asna shared, 'With the information that the royal family has about their past and current present, their pride felt fake...So, every time someone really contest it and show them they are better than them, they get desperate in trying to prove otherwise.'

'On the opposite coin, the red dragons truly believe themselves as the best race to be born, making them secured about their pride even during defeat.'

'That's one way to see it.' Felix nodded.

If he was in their place, he would also feel ashamed every single day at the thought that their race was born out of the leftovers from the first dragon city destruction.

At the thought that their cultivation system had disappeared and replaced with a shitty cannibalistic technique that's impossible to support everyone.

'The dragons have already lost their way with the disappearance of their cultivation system.' Lady Sphinx said calmly, 'Now, there is no difference between them and stronger species of lizards.'

Lady Sphinx had zero respect to current generation of dragons, which explained her tough way of handling Elder Dragon.

If it was Elves Queen Alfreda Olafiel, Dwarven Emperor Lokhil, or Hives Empress Scarlet, she would have softened her tone a bit.

'I only feel sympathy for elder Imyr.' Felix sighed, 'He tried his best to help them rise again to their former glory, but alas...'

...

"So, have you chosen your next destination?" Asna wondered as she watched Felix rubbing his chin thoughtfully.

Felix's original plan favored traveling towards the Elvish Nine Realms first and then the Dwarven Galaxy.

However, now that Selphie was in a closed training without anyway of contacting her, he started wavering about his choice...Especially, when he knew that elves' closed training could last up to decades or even more due to their perceptive of time being different from humans.

They live for a hundred thousand years if not more, making them consider decades to be merely a couple of years.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Felix understood that without Selphie, he would be having trouble fitting in the Elvish Nine Realms...Specifically, the first realm Forlond, where the High Elves live.

It was even harder to access than Icarius Galaxy as it was reserved only for High Elves and those with direct invitation from the royal family.

Even other races of elves were treated in the same manner.

"As much as I don't like that clingy b*tch, I doubt she is dumb enough to leave you on your own like this." Asna said.

"Well, she didn't mention anything in her message before entering closed training." Felix revisited the message and read it carefully again...As he thought, nothing was there.

"Maybe, she assumed that you won't have trouble gaining access because of your status." Mistress Candace suggested.

It did make some sense...Felix's reputation and social status were extremely high.

Even if he used his political status as the indirect leader of the Federation, he would be given the option to access the realm as a human ambassador.

"That's too limiting." Felix shook his head in disapproval before requesting, "Master, how about you contact Lady Yggdrasil?"

In Felix's minds, Selphie would have defintely requested from her mother to handle his access...After all, there was no greater authority within the Elvish Nine Realms than Lady Yggdrasil.

Ting Ting!

As expected, the moment Lady Sphinx reached out to Lady Yggdrasil, Felix received a royal emblem, which allows him access to all nine realms with little to none limitations!!

It was the best visa given to outsiders and only the upper echolone of the alliance were allowed to have it.

Even with Felix's status, he wasn't even in the waiting list to receive such emblem!

"Now I get it." Felix smiled as he envisioned Selphie's gentle face.

"Wanna die?" Asna narrowed her eyes dangerously.

Felix immediately erased Selphie's image from his mind and changed the subject by sharing, "Cough, I just realized that Selphie didn't personally invite me since she can't give out those royal emblems...Only Queen Alfreda and Lady Yggdrasil had such authority."

"Then, why didn't she tell you about it in her message?" Mistress Candace titled her head in confusion.

"Who knows? Maybe she was shy or was confident that I will seek help from her mother." Felix shrugged his shoulders and said, "Who cares, now we have our destination."

Without further ado, Felix requested from Queen Ai to speed up towards the wormhole expressway that was connecting the Icarius Galaxy with the Elvish Nine Realms.

Felix wasn't planning to travel through the void since the journey wouldn't take more than fifteen days.

"Looks like my fight against Domino has been kept under lid." Felix said after entering the network and not seeing anything related to his latest battle.

He thought that his battle and the wager would have gone viral by now, but every time he checked, no one mentioned anything about them.

"Not a single dragon will dare leak the news as it brings nothing but shame to them." Asna chuckled.

"True."

Since the battle was being spectated only by dragons, it was easier to contain the news from going public.

The dragons weren't known to brag about their losses.

"They did me a favor." Felix smiled, "It's best that no one knows about my current stock of natural treasures."

Felix didn't want to get irritated by everyone seeking to purchase those natural treasures off him. He barely had enough to get him past the fourteenth mark.

"For now, let's warm up with a couple of games."

Felix didn't want to travel in the void realm because he was somewhat eager to test out all of his improvements in the dimensional pocket.

Because of the wager, he wasn't able to test out any of the techniques he created on prince Domino.

-Congratulation Sir Felix, you have been promoted to Radiant Rank!-

However, the instant he entered the individual games tab, this announcement emerged before him.

'Queen? Why did I get promoted?' Felix frowned, 'I believe I still have a couple of games to play in diamond rank.'

'Your current strength has deemed you eligible to be part of the returnee system.' Queen Ai disclosed, 'For strong returnees that have exceeded the limit of strength imposed within each rank, the platform enforces them to get promoted to the appropriate rank that can support their strength to keep the competition as fair as possible.'

"The returnee system...I completely forgot about it." Felix facepalmed.

Felix already knew that the returnee system had been implemented after some games turned into slaughterhouses caused by single returnee players.

If it wasn't for this system, Felix would have met with players capable of erasing his existence with a mere wave of a hand.

After all, the platform didn't enforce anyone to play the games...Players were only forced when they already spun the games wheel.

Before then, they could retire for decades to centuries if they wished.

When those players decide to return from their retirement, most of them would have increased their strength to the point it enables them to step on players within their old rank.

In the case of Felix, Queen Ai had calculated that his strength deemed him to be on a radiant level, saving the diamond players from the bullying of a lifetime.

"Damn it, I lost three wishes and so much more." Felix wasn't pleased one bit with this system even if it made sense.

He thought that he could earn some easy wishes and coins while at the same time warming up with those diamond players.

Too bad, now that he was put in radiant rank, he would be fighting against peak-tier radiant players because of his abnormally high MMR.

In other words, even though Felix was merely a low-tier radiant rank, he had already hit the soft summit of the platform in one go!

"You know, there are still the planetary games." Asna grinned evilly, "I believe there is no returnee system there since the teams have the option to surrender."

"Hehehe, true, true, true." Felix grinned wickedly as well.