Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1020 Don't Bother to Join If You Don't Trust Me.

"Felix! That's far too steep!" Olivia shook her head with a worried expression, not liking Felix's pick one bit.

Even Leo and Rolandinhio, the most enthusiastic and supportive duo in the team, didn't seem too hyped about Felix's choice.

"Don't worry, this is a calculated decision." Felix clarified to ease their worry, "As a newcomer team, we have once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to choose our own opponent and straightaway take all of their collected SGPoints and their rank. Why would I waste it on the last team in the list?"

Based on the rules of the platform, newcomer teams were encouraged to pick much higher teams in the list by offering them insane returns.

Usually, the teams in the platform earn fixed amount of SGPoints on each win based on their current rank.

The only rule that break this mold was the first two chances for newcomer teams.

Felix wasn't too eager to be placed in the last rank and start climbing from the very bottom, earning shit amount of SGPoints instead of straightaway starting with 3,451,190 SGPoints.

That amount alone was enough to push his race rank by one!

"We know this much, but still..." Sylvia sighed, "That's only if we managed to win against the Vugonia's team. I don't doubt your skills and strength, but if we got unlucky with a game that requires teamwork, you won't get away with overpowering your opponents even if you can."

Sylvia made quite a lot of sense...If Felix had an actual team with players equal to him, it wouldn't matter much if he made such a jump.

However, his teammates were literally being dragged with him into a battlefield that was way out of their comfort zone.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

If they got unlucky with a game choice that didn't depend on merely strength, the team would be doomed and so as one of their chances to enter the platform.

"My luck is crap in spinning the wheel anyway." Felix chuckled, "That's why I would rather take my chances against a high ranked team than a low ranked one."

Seeing that Felix was adamant at picking Vugonia's team made everyone give up on trying to persuade him otherwise.

It wasn't like he was putting a knife on their neck to join him in the game...If they had second thoughts, they could always remain in the background.

"What race does the Vugonia's team belong to?" Leo wondered out loud.

"The Vulcans." Sylvia answered instantly as she had already done a bit of research.

"Vulcans?" Hina titled her head in confusion as she had almost never heard of such a race.

"They are a humaniod race born in volcanos and in deep underground." Felix answered as he manifested an image of a Vulcan male and female.

Almost everyone were left astonished and somewhat scared at the appearence of Vulcans.

The males resembled bulgy golems made out of dark rocks and molten lava veins going through their entire bodies.

They had a singular half dark and half inflamed horn at the top, resembling a candle.

As for the females, they were as thin and curvy as female humans...Though, they were four meters tall and resembled their male version a great deal besides head.

They possessed two inflamed horns on the sides of their foreheads.

"They really look scary." Sophie commentated with a fearful look.

"Their appearence is the least scary thing about them." Felix said with a stern tone.

Felix knew that Vulcans were considered to be one of the races to be avoided in battles due to their monstrous strength.

They were one of the few races capable of harnessing and manipulating the element of Magma.

In fact, they were the best at it as they had the highest level of talent in terms of magma affinity due to being the direct descendants of Cherufe...The Magma Primogenitor!

Unfortunately for Cherufe, his race wasn't too interested in the games or such bullshit as they were at peace with merely living their lives in solitude under volcanos.

If the Racial Platform didn't affect races as a whole in the entire alliance, they wouldn't have sent teams to represent them and farm SGPoints.

That's why Cherufe had chosen to sponsor dragons instead, and have them represent him to have some fun with his peers.

As for forcing his race to represent him? He refused to do such a thing.

As the direct descendants of Cherufe, the Vulcans were ranked in the top 20 just by having a couple of their teams representing them in the alliance.

Still, Felix wasn't scared of them at all.

After all, he had taken care of even royal dragons...Magma Elementalists or not, he was certain in his strength to absolutely dominate them.

"Let's see what we will get." Felix moved on top the holographic green button and pressed it...This brought the format wheel, already spinning rapidly.

Before anyone could react, Felix stopped it.

Ting, Ting...Ting!

-Congratulation on picking a Competitive Life-Style Format!-

Unresponsive, Felix and his teammates merely kept gazing at the holographic notification with deadpan expressions.

Soon, they turned to stare at Felix with the same look, making his eyelids twitch in irritation and embarrassment.

He had just told them that his luck was crap, and it proved him right instantly.

In the end, Felix merely closed his eyes and let out a long exhale before trying to comfort his teammates, "It will be alright, have some faith in me."

Still unresponsive, his teammates merely watched him spin the second wheel, not having a single ounce of faith in Felix's luck to clutch this.

Ting, Ting...Ting!!

-Congratulation on picking The Titans' Chefs!<

The surprising name did bring some hope in everyone's eyes, making them turn their heads to the side and glance at the game details.

// Game Format: Competitive Life-Style.

Game Name: The Titans' Chefs.

Participants Number: 1

The integration allowed: No Limits.

The Game Map: Havana Falls.

Surprise Addition: No.

Prizes Pool: Peak grade stones, Potion of Madness, 10% discount on taxed industrial imports for one year, 15% discount on imported organic goods for one year...etc.

Rules of the game:

1) Only 10 players are allowed from each team.

2) Each team will have a Titan serving them and pushing their cart towards the finish line.

3) The Titans can push the cart only when their hunger is satisfied.

4) Players must cook delicious food to feed the Titans to push the cart. The taste of the food have a major effect on the strength, endurance, and speed of the Titan.

5) Titans must not be harmed by players or caught in the cross fire. Anyone who harmed a Titan will be penalized by being imprisoned in the cart for half an hour. The duration increases with additional penalties.

6) Players will have all tools of cooking within the cart. Players can remain in the cart and cook for the Titan...However, they will not be protected from assaults.

7) The map will have plenty of beasts, animals, and unique strong creatures to be hunted for food. Titans prefer the meat of rarer creatures.

8) Game points and extra SGPoints can be earned through hunting the creatures...The amount provided depended on the rarity.

9) Players are allowed to hinder or steal their opponent's game.

10) The teams will be placed in two extreme opposite of the map with a railway leading towards the center of the map.

11) The railway's distance for both teams is exactly the same.

12) The first team to have their cart reach the center of the map will be concluded as the winner.

For more information, please open your SG profile interface.

Good luck to all participants.//

"Will you look at that?" Felix wiped his sweaty forehead, "I told you to have faith in me."

"What are you talking about?" Sylvia said with a hardened expression, "This game is one of the worst scenarios possible."

Just from a simple reading of the rules, she realized that their team was pretty much f*cked!

Even if they were all left in the cart to cook the food for the titan, Felix had to go out and hunt game for them.

If he did so, he would leave them vulnerable to attacks from the Vulcans.

"She is right." Hina said, "They only need to leave one Vulcan to keep an eye on us and wait until you head out."

"If you don't go out to hunt, the titan won't push the cart, allowing the Vulcans to get ahead of us."

"It's not like you can leave us behind and go kill the Vulcans on the other side of the map."

Unlike Felix, everyone else was freaking out at the realization that the only way for Felix to win this game was to leave them without his protection.

Who could blame them? The only reason they agreed to take part in Racial Games was because Felix had ensured that they would be safe.

If they assumed that they would be used as mere baits, no one was sane enough to join such a madness!

"Well, if you guys don't trust me enough to keep you safe, then you can simply not join the game." Felix shrugged his shoulders.

He already promised them once that he would do his very best to keep them safe...In his eyes, if he had to reassure them every time they were worried, he would rather not take them at all.

There were plenty of mercenaries, slaves, or courageous people who could be used by Felix to pump up the numbers...