Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1027 You Have No ldea What l Am Capable Of!

MoltenRiver knew that even if his team ganged up on Felix, he wouldn't be able to deal with him properly in a melee fight.

That's why he planned to use the titan as a shield, enforcing Felix to not go all out to avoid harming their titan.

They knew that Felix couldn't afford getting penalized and imprisoned within the cart for half an hour during the last stride in the game!

60kilometers....50kilometers...40kilometers...30kilometers...20kilometers!

The moment the distance between the carts became twenty kilometers, the field of view was cleared out completely from trees!

Both carts entered a smooth green landscape, allowing them finally to see each other from a distance.

In the center of the grass field, there was a towering gate with a slow spatial whirlpool, facing both sides.

This was the end goal.

The first team to have their cart to go through the portal would be considered as the winner!

"Launch now!!"

Moltenriver ordered loudly as he pointed his hand at the railway of the earthling team.

Waldbauer and the others all emerged from the cart and started to manifest gigantic molten spherical rocks!

Whoosh Whoosh!...

Without an ounce of hesitation, they launched them in the air, causing them to get set aflame!

"The Vulcans are fighting back with their special move, meteor shower!"

Spiritanimal commentated passionately as he watched tens of inflamed meteors smash the earthling's team railway!

Naturally, the railway didn't suffer any damage, but the giant molten rocks were broken into large fragments and remained on it.

The fragments' sizes and numbers weren't a joke!

The vulcans made sure to fire a few kilometers in front of the earthling team's cart to avoid hitting their titan.

"This is bad!" Ronaldinho said with an agitated tone, "We need to clear the path as fast as possible or our cart's speed will take a bad hit!"

Everyone knew that it would be extremely difficult to remove the blockage when the vulcans were launching new ones nonstop!

Some fragments were as big as the titan that was already surpassing tens of meters in height!

'Hehehe, you need to move from your place to clear the path.'

Asna giggled happily, knowing that it would be challenging for Felix to remove the fragments while remaining on top of the titan.

His sniper rifle bullets were just going to pierce through the fragments, which was useless in this situation.

As for his explosive bullets and electrical storm bullets? They leave behind bad aftermath that might harm the titan when he goes through them.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Everyone assumed that Felix would be forced fly towards the fragments and remove them after turning into a giant or something similar.

The vulcans thought the same and prepared a contingency plan in case it happened.

'You should have really watched me train instead of playing cards and watching dramas to ease your boredom in the dimensional pocket.' Felix chuckled at Asna's confidence and the worried looks of his teammates.

'Sniper rifle? Explosive bullets? Electrical storm bullets? Heh, you think I spent a century to master those couple of techniques?' Felix narrowed his eyes with a dangerous glint, 'You guys have no clue what I am truly capable of.'

Before Asna could react, Felix manifested a smooth ceiling on the cart made out of white adamantine...Then, he mumured, 'True Railgun V2.'

Under the stunned eyes of the viewers, Five giant navy Railgun made out of crystals emerged in a horizontal straight line at the edge of the cart.

They had long dreadful barrels reaching over ten meters with a muzzle radius able to fit a man's head.

It had a thick base attached to the barrel to hold its weight and keep it stable.

Then, he snapped his finger and forged more than thirty electrical rings around the ten meters barrel of each Railgun!!

Since the barrel's radius was bigger than a sniper's barrel, the electrical rings were wider and had a bit of distance between each other.

Felix wasn't done yet as he pointed his finger near the Railgun and forged a box packed with small-armed ammunition made out of white adamantine.

They were as big as tanks' bullets!

With a single motion of a finger, the small-armed ammunition were placed within the Railgun's chambers under the stunned looks of the viewers.

"Captain, are you seeing what am I seeing?" Waldbauer said while gulping a mouthful.

"Yes..." Moltenriver mumured while staring directly at the Railgun' blinding muzzles, not able to take his eyes off them.

He felt like his heart was train pounding down the tracks, knowing that he wasn't going to like what was about to come.

He wished he could be wrong at this very instant.

Alas...

'Fire.' Felix commanded with a nonchalant expression.

BOOOOM!! BOOOM!! BOOOM!!...

The giant meteor fragments exploded into much smaller pieces, which got hurled everywhere akin to bullets after they got smashed apart by the Railguns!

The shocking part was the fact that the Railgun's bullets merely had their trajectory adjusted before continuing their journey!

One bullet ended up blowing the peak of a mountain, another one caused a large area of trees to blow up in the air, and one even winded up in a lake, creating a humongous water explosion!

Yet, the most frightening one had passed right next to Moltenriver's face, who was standing above the titan's head.

The heat produced from the bullet's piercing the wind did nothing to him, but its pressure and deafening noise made his heart almost leap out of his chest!

He knew that he was merely a few meters away from death!

BOOOM! BOOOM! BOOOM!!...

Before anyone could even recover from the Railguns' aftermath, Felix launched another batch.

This one had taken care of what's survived from the meteors' fragments, finally clearing the earthling team path!

Neither the viewers nor the vulcans managed to show a proper reaction...They were left utterly speechless and stunned out of their wits at the fact that Felix had just created a warship's weapon with two elements!

Something that no one had ever done before in the history of the universe!

The explosiveness of the Railguns was still ringing in their ears, making them unable to forget its destructiveness.

"This is...This is the sweet and kind Felix we have been hanging around with?" Elnora's palms got sweaty, "How can he possess this many destructive abilities?"

"It's really frightening...The fact that he didn't even use one against the dragon suggests that he has learned them in a couple of years at best." Moana placed her hand on her beating chest, trying to calm it down, "Did humans always possess this kind of monstrous talent in elements?"

"I'm starting to see why Selphie liked him." Carwen exhaled, "He is the only freak that can match her talent."

The girls' reaction was a soft version of Queen Alfreda, who was incapable of accepting what her eyes were feeding her.

The better performance Felix showed, the more highly she will start looking at him...Her hate for humans made it extremely challenging for her to accept Felix's talent as it would double down on what Lady Yggdrasil said about Felix!

LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!!! LANDLORD!!!...

In the end, Felix's fans and all the spectating humans couldn't hold in anymore and exploded into fiery of chants that caused the sky to rumble!

"LANDLORD JUST KEEPS DESTROYING THE VULCANS PLANS!" Spiritanimal yelled loudly with spit flying everywhere, "HE HAS YET TO MOVE A SINGLE INCH WHILE DOING SO!!"

Even Noah, Olivia, and the rest of Felix's team were left shocked senseless by his extraordinary means...Don't even mention Moltenriver and his teammates!

"Captain...Do we continue trying to block their path?"

Waldbauer asked with a hint of despair in his eyes, knowing that as long as Felix had those five Railguns, nothing they used could block their way!

"No need, It's useless..." Moltenriver answered.

"So, what do we do next?"

Waldbauer and the others all eyed their captain with desperate looks, not seeing a way for their team to come out of this victorious.

If they fought Felix, they would get the worst ass kicking in their lives...If they tried to target his cart, he was capable of protecting it with many methods.

If they dared to strand a few kilometers away from their cart, they would get sniped.

One player had an entire team at their wits end while being tens of kilometers away from them...It was quite insane to think about as not even dragons could do so!

Even then, Moltenriver was still not entertaining the idea of giving up!

"I don't know whether this will work or not, but we still have one last move to make." Moltenriver said with a stern tone.

His teammates' eyes had a flicker of hope restored after hearing so.

Moltenriver took a deep breath and disclosed his plan, "When their cart is merely five kilometers away from the portal, we will work together to create the biggest meteor ever and launch it at them. His weapons won't be capable of breaking through it as easily."

"But captain! Aren't we going to get penalized when we hit their titan?" Waldbauer exclaimed.

"Yes we will." Moltenriver narrowed his eyes, "But it won't matter much if we get imprisoned then. As long as their cart is slowed and ours enter the portal before theirs, we will win the game even while being imprisoned!"

Moltenriver knew that this plan had a small chance of succeeding, but it was their last move. He could do nothing but place his faith in it and pray that it would work against that monster...