Chapter 1031 Queen Alfreda's Story.

"Who's there?"

"It's me."

"Selphie?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise after hearing Selphie's soft voice.

When he opened the door, he saw her standing in front of it while wearing a royal white dress that made her resemble an angel.

She had the prettiest and cutest smile as she stared directly in Felix's eyes.

"I thought you were in a meeting with Lady Yggdrasil." Felix said as he approached her and gave her a quick friendly hug.

Just as he wanted to pull back, Selphie tightened her grasp and whispered near his ear with reddened cheeks, "I missed you..."

"Ah...I missed you too." Felix smiled wryly as he caressed her golden hair in a gentle manner.

He thought that Selphie's feelings for him might get diluted a bit when they didn't meet for a long time.

Alas, it turned out to be the opposite as Selphie's feelings just grew stronger, making her be bold enough to make such a move.

Knowing that Asna must be staring daggers at him made Felix not prolong their hug more than necessary.

"So, how have you been? Were you productive in your closed training?" Felix asked while inviting her to sit in the bed...Naturally, he remained standing.

This had upset Selphie a bit but she kept it within herself and answered with a faint smile, "It was alright. I learned plenty of new spells."

"Are they related to Time element?" Felix asked with a curious tone.

Even with all of his quirks, Felix was still intrigued by the Time element, knowing that it was one of the most mystical elements in the universe.

"Only two."

Seeing the look of interest in Felix's eyes made Selphie display one of her learned new time spells.

"This is Time Acceleration." Selphie reached out to blue Lilly flower that was near the window and touched it softly with her finger.

Immediately after, the flower started to shrink and get wrinkly while turning darker in shade.

Felix watched the aging process with a fascinated look.

"It is quite surreal..." He remarked.

"It can do more than this." Selphie smiled, "I can accelerate objects and energies in time as well."

"For real?" Felix couldn't fathom how strong this ability would turn Selphie!

She was already a monster with her previous time spells that enabled her to stop, slow, and rewind time!

Now, she could even accelerate objects and energies? Her offensive prowess had been enhanced by at least a hundred!

"If I have you in my side in the Racial Games, we will be truly unstoppable." Felix shared with a chuckle as he envisioned himself fighting alongside Selphie.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I would like to do so." Selphie sighed while regressing the time on the flower, returning its beautiful appearence, "Too bad, it's banned for different races to be in one team."

"That's an unfortunate case indeed."

Felix knew that if all teams were allowed to add players from other races, the platform would lose its meaning.

The entire platform existence was for races to send representatives and fight for their rank within the alliance.

"Tell me, were you being treated nicely here?" Selphie wondered with a worried expression, knowing that her big sister hated humans to the core.

"I can't be complaining." Felix smiled, "Everyone has been a good host...Especially, Elnora, Moana, Carwen, and Baron."

In those two years, Felix could be said to have completely won over even the three cousins.

He always sent Mistress Candace to spy on them...In almost all occasions, they spoke good words about him and even decided to stop actively trying to seduce him.

This had created some troubles with them and the Queen, but they didn't care.

Queen Alfreda might have a ruling power over other elves, but not too much on the royal family since their true leader was mother tree.

"That's good to hear." Selphie sighed in relief.

"Though, the Queen seems to dislike me for some reason. She has never spoken to me even since I got here." Felix shared with a curious tone, wanting to find out the Queen's reason for hating him this much.

"I expected as much." Selphie smiled bitterly, "Please don't mind my big sister...She doesn't hate you personally, she just hates all humans alike."

"Is that so?" Felix said, "I don't know what humans did to her, but I do apologize for whoever harmed her."

"You don't have to apologize." Selphie shook her head, "Your race isn't at fault here at all. In fact, your race shouldn't have even been dragged into my big sister's mess."

"Hmm? What do you mean?" Felix was confused.

"Well, it wasn't a human per se that caused my sister to hate all of you." Selphie explained with an embarrassed tone, "It was a high elf that she was in love with but ended up cheating on her when she was a young girl."

"Huh?" Now, Felix was really baffled by the whole situation.

"I understand your confusion." Selphie continued on with reddened ears, "You know that us elves never ever betray our loved ones if we confessed our feelings to each other and got together."

"In the case of my big sister, her fiancé at that time had confessed his love to her and yet still betrayed her...When she looked deeper into the reasoning, she found out that he had a small percentage of human genes within him."

"I don't know much, but one of his great-grand parents was a human...Ever since the discovery, my sister started abhorring humans and anything related to them."

"In her eyes, if her fiancé was a pure blooded high-elf, he would have never betrayed her." Selphie sighed, "In other words, she is under the assumption that her fiancé and relationship was ruined because of that small percentage of human genes."

"..."

Felix could only stare at Selphie with a speechless look after hearing the truth about Queen Alfreda.

He predicted many, many scenarios, but never ever this one!

"I know it doesn't make sense in your mind, but if you were an elf, you will see our perspective." Selphie's expression turned cold all of a sudden, "There is nothing in this universe that we hate more than betrayal...Even though my big sister already 'took care' of her cheating fiancé, her broken heart was filled with nothing but unquenching rage towards her next target...Humans."

'I can see her point.' Asna commentated with a sadistic tone, 'If I was cheated on, I would make sure that universe knows my wrath.'

Felix gulped a mouthful at her indirect warning that she was intolerant to cheating even though it was impossible to do it while she was observing him 24/7.

"Cough, but how can she not do a proper research on his background?" Felix inquired, "Everything would have been different if she just used her royal authority to check his family tree."

"Plus, I doubt that high elf was retarded enough to cheat on her while knowing that she was the future heir to the nine elves."

Whether he had a small percentage of human genes or was an actual human...No one was dumb enough to cheat on the future Queen and ruin his life and glorious future.

"That's the thing..." Selphie shared, "When she first saw him, she was hiding her identity as princess in addition to disguising herself. She didn't tell me exactly why she did so...But, I am assuming that her fiancé believed that she was normal high elf without much status."

"Maybe she did it to find someone, who loves her for her personality instead of beauty and royal status." Felix guessed.

"Perhaps." Selphie smiled wryly, "Unfortunately, she had no clue that fate will put her with a disloyal fiancé."

Honestly, even Felix believed that the human genes must have played a role in causing the fiancé to consider cheating.

After all, there was no point in lying about his love to the Queen when he had no idea about her true identity...There was nothing to gain from doing so.

Since there were no cases of pure-blooded elves betraying their partners, it wasn't too crazy for Queen Alfreda to blame the human genes.

Though, he found it somewhat too extreme to hate all humans because of it and make their lives' hell in the nine elvish realms.

"Well, I guess she will not like the idea of me bathing in the life essence fountain." Felix chuckled.

"You have no idea how pissed she will get." Selphie giggled.