Chapter 1034 Six Months Later...

Felix always wondered how was Cyclope capable of forging divine objects with many elements, such as Mjölnir...He knew that dwarves weren't capable of engraving any spell that was unrelated to their affinities.

Now it finally made sense.

"No wonder Universal Codex is greater than those two other languages." Felix commentated, "It gives you the ability to fully manipulate the elements without even needing to decipher a single word."

Felix couldn't imagine what kind of strength primogenitors would have if they managed to decipher the Universal Codex...Just one sentence from it allowed them to covert neutral energy into elemental energy.

"Well, we are hoping that the creation primogenitor wouldn't get too cheap with us when he deciphered it." Thor wished.

Felix hoped so too.

"So, do you have any idea how to make Felix compatible with runes?" Asna asked.

"I am working on it." Lady Sphinx answered.

"Can genes modification work here?" Felix wondered, "You guys said that only pure-blooded elves, sages, and talisms possess runic familiarity. So, is there an option to use their genes?"

"There is a possibility." Lady Sphinx replied, "But, I can't risk modifying your genetics at the moment."

"I see." Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Felix knew that the further he climbed in his bloodline path, the harder it would get to modify his genes since they were already messed up with all of those bloodlines.

Adding the fact that he was a half-devourer and was planning to turn himself into a half-ancient dragon would make things even messier.

So, it was better to leave this option at the back of his mind.

"For now, it's best that you leave Lady Yggdrasil's garden." Asna reminded.

"Oh crap!"

Felix finally remembered that he hadn't left his consciousness space ever since he entered it.

This meant, he was sitting in front of Lady Yggdrasil for a few hours now!

Without delay, he exited his consciousness space and opened his eyes to the sight of Lady Yggdrasil, reading her book peacefully.

"I apologize for overstaying my welcome." Felix lowered his head apologetically while standing up.

"You are always welcome here, my child." Lady Yggdrasil smiled kindly at him before returning to reading her book.

Just as Felix intended to leave the garden, he remembered that he hadn't given her the dark moss yet.

"Elder, I hope you can accept this gift of mine." Felix beamed a container filled with dark moss and placed it in front of her.

"This is a new kind of plant that I have discovered within the dimensional pocket." Felix informed.

"Interesting..." Lady Yggdrasil opened the lid and touched the dark moss with her wooden finger.

Just like a baby reaching out to his mother, the dark moss immediately started moving up her finger in agitation.

"What did your master find about this?" Lady Yggdrasil asked as she examined the dark moss.

"Nothing much but its internal structure...She is still experimenting to find its applications."

"Is that so?"

Lady Yggdrasil found it even more interesting at the sound of that, knowing that Lady Sphinx should have taken more than three years on this peculiar plant.

That's a long duration for intelligent beings like Lady Sphinx.

"Thank you, child. Take this with you, it will help you absorb the life essence water."

Lady Yggdrasil smiled gently as she handed him a transparent flower that seemed to have trillions of galaxies with its triangle shaped leaves.

"Much appreciated, elder."

Delighted, Felix didn't hesitate to place the flower within a container and beam it in his spatial card.

It was just impolite and crude to play a game of pull and push with a dignified primogenitor...If she handed him a gift, the only available option was to accept it gracefully.

...

After Felix returned to his room, he found Selphie waiting for him in front of the door.

"Shouldn't you be with your royal family?" Felix questioned.

"I have already paid them a visit." Selphie approached Felix and whispered with a worried tone, "What did mother do or say to you?"

"Nothing much, she just spent some time with my masters."

Felix didn't want to bring Selphie into his issue of getting the world tree first root. Lady Yggdrasil already made her stance clear on the matter.

If he told Selphie, she might go behind his back and request the first root from Lady Yggdrasil, making her believe that he was using her or something.

"That's good to hear." Selphie sighed in relief.

After they entered his room, Felix asked, "Is it possible to know exactly when am I going to bathe in the life essence fountain?"

"In six months max."

"Hmm, that's quite sooner than I anticipated." Felix's eyes turned bright for a second.

"It's not really." Selphie shared, "If it wasn't for needing to fill more than hundreds of small bottles each year, you would have bathed in it in the next morning."

"So, the queue length is not caused by the high elves but other elves."

"Yes, high elves are allowed to bathe in the fountain for fifteen minutes in their entire lifetime. For us royalty, we can do it for half an hour and after every millennium...The rest receive a single life essence bottle, which results in reducing the life essence water by quite a bit."

"I see...Tell me, will I receive the royal treatment or the normal one?" Felix joked.

"Naturally, the royal treatment." Selphie giggled, "Since big sister and my relatives will be pissed off either ways, why settle for fifteen minutes?"

"Is this the Selphie I know?" Felix chuckled at her slyness.

'How dare you laugh? She spent merely some time with you and was already starting to get corrupted.' Asna rolled her eyes at him.

***

Six months later...

"Follow me closely." Selphie said as she walked through a long corridor that was decorated beautifully with vines that had red roses on them.

Felix walked one step behind her while looking around him.

"Are you certain this is fine?" Felix asked with a serious expression, "Shouldn't we have at least informed the Queen?"

The moment Felix's turn had arrived in the queue, Selphie took him in direction of the life essence fountain without telling anyone about it.

As much as Felix disliked the Queen and knew that she hated him back, he wanted no troubles between them.

After all, she was on the status of the elder dragon, and he already offended him.

"Don't worry, she must have been told by mom." Selphie assured.

"I was told what?"

Suddenly, Queen Alfreda's holographic image appeared on the wall, forcing Selphie and Felix to halt.

Although she was a mere hologram, Felix could feel her sheer hate directed at him through her frigid eyes.

"I guess mom forgot to mention it." Selphie proclaimed with a confident tone, "Felix was given permission to receive a royal treatment in the life essence fountain."

"She did what?" Queen Alfreda's expression got twisted immediately like she just heard the worst possible news in her life.

"If you don't believe me, go ask her." Selphie held Felix's hand and pulled him away, "Let's go Felix."

"Stop it right there, Selphie!" Queen Alfreda ordered with a suppressed tone, "You guys are going nowhere until I check with mother tree."

"We will be waiting near the fountain." Selphie replied without bothering to stop.

When she saw that Selphie refused to listen to her, Queen Alfreda got even more pissed off at Felix. In her mind, her little sister always behaved properly and never talked back at her.

Now, she was even bold enough to defy her orders?

'I knew that bastard is a bad influence!' Queen Alfreda cursed as she directed her anger at Felix.

'What did I do now?' Felix looked back at her with a wronged innocent expression as he was getting dragged by Selphie.

"Damn it! Alvin, keep an eye on them. ' Queen Alfreda ordered.

'As you command.'

Queen Alfreda was sensible enough to not order Alvin to stop them in the corridor by force.

She knew that he could do nothing against either of them even though he was pretty strong as a guardian...Especially against Selphie as she could simply stop him in time and continue in her path.

'Well, that went better than I anticipated.' Felix chuckled sarcastically.