Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1035 We Are So Screwed!

'Don't bother with her.' Selphie snorted in annoyance, 'As long as we have my mom's permission, she can't do anything to stop us.'

'I hope so.'

In a brief moment, Selphie and Felix reached the end of the corridor...It was gate forged out of white vines stacked on each other, resembling a piece of fabric.

There were two old elves with long white hair and beard sitting next to the gate.

They were drinking tea while playing a board game that resembled chess but with the different looking pieces.

"Morning, elders." Selphie gave a formal royal greeting and Felix copied it immediately.

"Is that him?" One of the elders asked without bothering to lift his eyes from the board.

"Yes." Selphie nodded.

"You may come in." The other elder permitted calmly while moving a piece on the board.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The moment the piece landed on the board, the white vines started to withdrew away until the gate was wide open.

Those two were the life essence fountain's guardians, and they listen to no one but Lady Yggdrasil.

That's why Queen Alfreda didn't bother to talk to them but went straight to Lady Yggdrasil, knowing that if Selphie told the truth, she wouldn't be able to stop them.

If they lied, the elders wouldn't let them step a foot near the fountain.

"Much appreciated elders."

Without delay, Selphie pulled the confused Felix inside and watched the vines return to their previous position, sealing the entrance shut.

Before Felix could ask about the elders' identity, his breath was stolen away by the divine and dazzling appearence of the hall.

It shouldn't really be called a hall but a small taste of what paradise should look like.

The walls, ceiling, and ground were completely covered in sea of bewitching colorful flowers...All of them seemed to be kneeling to the center of the hall, defying the laws of the universe.

Without needing to guess, the life essence fountain was in the center of the hall, appearing neither majestic nor dignified.

It was a mere puddle of crystal clear water that was reflecting the sun rays on Felix's face.

The light was coming out of an opening in the ceiling and was focused only on the puddle of water, bestowing it with a veil of grace and serenity.

"So, this is the life essence fountain..." Felix mumured as he approached it, "I thought it will be an actual fountain."

"Well, it was a fountain in the ancient times with water spewing for at least tens of meters." Selphie smiled with a saddened look, "Unfortunately, it was exhausted with continuous consumption and this is what left of it."

"This is everything?" Felix was startled, "I doubt this can last you guys for even another decade."

"You don't have to worry, the water does rejuvenate with time." Selphie divulged.

"I thought it was a finite resource?" Felix questioned.

"That's what we tell everyone, so they won't come back asking for another bottle. But in reality? The life essence fountain is being filled at a slow pace." Selphie sighed, "With our current adjustment, every pure-blooded elf will have a taste of the life essence water in their life without completely exhausting the puddle."

In other words, the royal family had balanced the given amount with the restored amount.

This might not restore their fountain back to its majestic appearence, but it would keep everyone satisfied...Especially, when each bottle had merely a few drops.

"This kind of makes me feel bad about this." Felix smiled wryly.

"You don't have to." Selphie said with a firm tone, "I believe that you're more worthy to bathe in the fountain than most elves."

Felix didn't know if she was saying this because she liked him, or it was her honest feelings.

Whatever it was, it made him feel less guilty about this situation.

"Do I need to get naked?" Felix asked.

"Yes, so the fabric won't hinder your absorption process." Selphie nodded with reddened cheeks.

"I thought so."

Kyaa!

Without hesitation, Felix started to get undressed before Selphie, forcing her to swiftly cover her face while yelping in shock.

Felix ignored her reaction and stepped into the puddle without wearing even his boxers...His sense of shame had been dead years ago with the tenants in his mind being able to see everything all the time.

'So cold!!'

Felix felt chills course on his skin after his toe touched the life essence water.

He felt like he dipped his feet in a frozen lake.

Knowing that he had merely half an hour, he stopped being a b*tch and submerged himself completely within the puddle.

It was deeper than it looked as Felix's feet hadn't touched the ground even though he was thoroughly submerged.

'It's best to sit on the bottom and let the water do its magic.' Selphie advised Felix telepathically after her shame was diminished.

'Thanks.' Felix did as he was told and sat in a meditation position...Then, he beamed the crystal cosmic flower and ground it with his hands into dust.

Lady Sphinx had told him that the flower was one of its kind as its effect didn't apply on people like most natural treasures.

It was called Cosmic Enchanter Flower. It wasn't even rated since no one knew about its existence but a couple of beings.

It was called as such because it was capable of enchanting the effects of any kind of substance.

It was like steroids but to non-lifeforms.

'Hmm? I think it's working.'

Felix felt the water turning hotter and hotter with each second.

Before long, even Selphie noticed that something was wrong with the water as it was bubbling and releasing smoke like it was a hot pot!

'Felix, quickly get out! Something isn't right!' Selphie warned with a worried tone.

'Don't worry, I used something that was given to me by your mother.' Felix assured her, 'She said it will help with the absorb...Ammm!!'

Before Felix could finish his sentence, the boiling hot water started forcing itself through his pores and seven orifices...Even his anus and urethra weren't spared, making it hard for him to remain calm!

The only good news was that the water turned into steam the instant it entered his body before being absorbed by his muscles, bones, organs, and even his brain received some love.

The process wasn't painful since Felix's fire resistance was at its peak...However, it was extremely uncomfortable, making Felix unable to sit still.

'Oh god, oh god, oh god, what do I do?' Selphie had gotten even more scared and worried when she saw him rolling on the bottom of the puddle like he was possessed by a ghost.

Her experience in the fountain and her relatives was nothing like this as it was a non-painful and quite soothing.

Yet, there was nothing soothing about Felix's current appearence.

'I...I am..Fine..St..ay..aaway..'

Fearing that Selphie might ruin the process due to her worry, Felix sent another message with great difficulty.

Surely, this eased Selphie's worries but not completely. Though, she removed any thought about getting Felix out of the fountain.

After twenty minutes of this madness, the fog had finally cleared out, exposing the peaceful puddle and Felix lying on the bottom of it on his stomach.

Selphie reached out to the water and touched it with her finger, checking its temperature.

'Thank goodness.' She sighed in relief after her finger was assaulted by bone chilling coldness.

'Felix, can you hear me?'

'Yes...'

'Are you fine?'

'Yes...'

'How about you come out for a short while to check on you?'

'No...'

Although the enchantment had expired, Felix refused to exit the water...In fact, he wished he could stay in it for years.

Who could blame him?

He felt like every cell in his being had been empowered! A feeling that was actually much better than bloodline replacement enhancement!

He might not know exactly how much his physical strength got improved, but he could feel his elemental tank and mental capacity going through one of the best enhancements he ever had.

He even started feeling like he could finally block an empyrean ranked hive race attack!

On another point, he didn't know why, but he felt like he had grown younger?

'It's normal, the enhancement you receive here is based on your current body limitation as well as how much life essence you absorb.' Lady Sphinx shared, 'Your body limitation far surpassed other high elves, making you benefit even more from the life essence water. In addition, you abused the cosmic enchanter flower, which helped you absorb at least five times the usual amount of water.'

'It's not farfetched to believe that this is the best all-rounded enhancement you have received in your life...Another bonus is your lifespan being increased by an additional hundred thousand years.'

Before Felix could break a satisfied smile at the news, Selphie exclaimed in his mind with a fearful tone, 'Felix! We are so screwed! The life essence water level has gone down by 30%!!!'

'Come again?'

When Felix turned his head forcefully and glanced at the water level, he felt his soul escape his body.

'I am so f*cking dead...'