Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1037 The 5th Bloodline Replacement,Great Kraken Edition!

Felix was certain that he would be able to pull if off in less than a year of training due to his enhanced strength.

For starters, his physical strength was boosted by another 20k BF, pushing his overall to 176k BF!

This was an insane enhancement when considering that he was already past 100K.

Felix believed that he would surpass 200K when he received his replacement enhancement.

If he succeeded in mutating his internal system, he would be boosted yet again when the heart gets merged with him.

As for his mental defenses? He had done a quick test in the past days and found out that he could resist a low ranked empyrean hive player.

This was huge as he could finally restart his climb in the individual platform and fight for a promotion to the empyrean rank.

Still, Felix decided to leave the climb until he replaced his bloodline.

For now, Felix kept concentrating on just his integration training, pushing past 21%, 22%, 23%, and finally hitting 24% in mere ten months.

Because he had to repeat the same percentage twice until he was certain of going past it, his mental health was burnt off immensely.

This made him decide taking a two-month break before attempting 25%...Only this time, he was going to do it for real!

'Are you sure about this Felix?' Asna asked worriedly, 'There is no need to rush, you can practice a few times.'

'Like hell I will.' Felix shook his head vehemently, 'I am not going to go through another needless agony for the sake training...I have finally reached the desired percentage, and I am going to do it in one go.'

Felix wasn't being irrational or rash by making such a decision. Since he would die either way if he failed within the UVR, why bother training?

So, he spent the next two months hanging out with Selphie and her cousins, going on picnics and exploration adventures within their capital planet to restore his mental health.

Fortunately, the gorgeous and peaceful environment in Forlond was perfect for mental recovery.

When Felix finally restored his confidence to go through that hellish agony, he didn't hesitate to start the integration process.

Right now, he could be seen sitting on the ground within a cozy well lighted cave that was tens of kilometers away from the city.

Felix had picked this place since his room floor was made out of unprocessed dry wood that was capable of absorbing his blood and sweat...He preferred leaving the room in the same state that it was given to him.

"Alright, here we go." Felix took a deep breath while holding a large metallic needle that was filled to the brim with dark red gooey liquid.

This was the great Kraken bloodline...It was delivered to him by Candace a long while ago.

Speaking about her, she was currently watching the process from within the void realm.

As for Nimo? He was playing tag with the void army oblivious to the notion that he might not see Felix after this.

Without a single ounce of hesitation, Felix pierced his heart directly with the needle and injected the content while gritting his teeth...Just this step alone was diffuclt because of the content being quite substantial.

After emptying the needle, Felix placed a tough leather belt on his mouth and bit on it.

Then, he gathered the tips of his fingers in one point and use them akin to spears against the ground.

This helped him pierce it until his arms were elbow deep. Then, he grabbed into hard rocks to affix himself from moving too much during the process.

'Good luck, Felix...' Asna wished while biting her nails nervously.

The rest of the tenants all dropped whatever they were doing and focused on Felix with serious looks, knowing that this was going to be one of his biggest pivots in life.

A minute later of absolute silence...Felix's heart thumped loudly once before an incomprehensible wave of agony washed through his entire body from head to toe!

MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!

Tears flooded down Felix's eyes uncontrollably as he let out a toe-curling scream that was capable of chilling anyone's heart if they ever heard it.

Fortunately, the leather belt had mitigated most of it.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

Both of his hearts kept beating thunderously akin to a steam train, trying their best to keep the blood flowing through his entire body even though his DNA was being forcefully rearranged!

Since the pain was coming from every part of his body, Felix had absolutely no idea if he obtained an external mutation or an internal one as he had hoped for.

At this moment, he didn't bother to think about them as the only thing in his mind was to survive through this unbearable hellish experience.

Seconds went by then minutes...Asna and the tenants had their eyes glued on Carbuncle's mutations, which were getting taken away.

The sapphire horns retracted inside Felix's forehead, leaving behind two bloody holes.

Yet, the real kicker were the crystallized wings as they were also not sparred from being removed.

Fortunately, the root gemstone remained affixed on his forehead, saving him the pain of getting back when he etched Carbuncle's peak ability.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!

Without any warning, another vicious and merciless wave of pain assaulted Felix's internal body. This caused Felix to bite the leather belt so hard he ended up cutting in thoroughly!

What came out of his lips was nothing but a chilling roar resembling an injured beast!

'It's happening! Look at his internal system! It's really happening!!'

While Felix was fighting for his life oblivious to what's going on, Asna and the tenants' eyes brightened up in delight at the sight of his internal system!

It was like a miracle in the work as his internal organs were forcefully changed to allow the birth of a new blue heart that was centered right below the devourer and human hearts.

Just as Asna and the others were about to sigh in relief, they were stunned to see another smaller heart gets created right next to his liver.

Before they could comment about it, another heart was manifested near his kidney.

Just as they thought it was over, three more small blue hearts popped out simultaneously near the lungs and even above the intestines!

All of them shared one complex blood vessel system, connecting each other and the rest of Felix's organs at the same time!

'What the hell is going?!' Asna exclaimed in fear, not liking this mutation one bit.

In her eyes, Felix's human body shouldn't be able to support even three hearts as Lady Sphinx mentioned. Yet, now he possessed seven hearts?!

This was just too abnormal and freakish!

"This is an interesting turn of events." Lady Sphinx mumured as she analyzed the hearts, "The biggest one is active with his other two hearts while the rest are dormant."

"What does that mean exactly?"

"I am not too sure yet, but I believe that the kraken's mutation was forced to adapt to Felix's body." Lady Sphinx clarified, "For Kraken, he has ten hearts and all of them are active and play a role in operating his body. But, in the case of Felix? The mutation has stopped at five hearts after realizing that nothing more could be added without ruining the perfect internal system."

"Since humans only need one heart to operate, it kept one active and the others dormant, acting as mere blood vessels for blood passing by them." Lady Sphinx paused, "I believe that when his main hearts stop beating, those dormant ones will wake up and act as emergency hearts."

"Truly fascinating..."

Asna and the others couldn't help but marvel at this remarkable mutation that was ten times more useful than most mutations he had ever obtained!Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Sure, it wasn't as great as Lady Sphinx's truth eyes or the Root gemstone, but it enabled Felix to become an unkillable cockroach!

With seven hearts, he would never find an issue with blood not pumping properly after a heavy injury!

"He can still replace one of the hearts with the ancestor Imyr's heart, right?" Asna wondered.

"Replace one heart? He can replace all of them if he ever desired." Lady Sphinx answered while showing an abnormal crazed look that sent shivers through the spine of all the tenants.

They knew that her experimenting side had taken over.

AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

"Ah look, he is also receiving external mutations." Asna pointed at Felix's hair and the sides of his waist after hearing his ear-piercing screech.

Because Felix was dyed completely in blood, it was hard to spot his hair mutation...However, they recognized the mutation on his waist immediately.

"As expected, he has received gills as well." Lady Sphinx commentated.

Lady Sphinx had expected as much after noticing that Felix's lungs and throat had gone through a small modification to support breathing underwater.

"Hmmm? Is it me or his hair is moving?'