Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1038 Great Kraken's Mutations!

"Hmmm? Is it me or his hair is moving?" Candace remarked with a surprised expression.

"It is."

Asna and the others supported her findings after spotting that Felix's bloody long hair was twitching once in a while.

When they focused on it for a short while, they couldn't help but raise their eyebrows in intrigue.

"Is that what I think it is?"

"I believe so?"

"Felix won't be happy about this one bit." Asna giggled.

Speaking about Felix, he finally finished the replacement process after a long and excruciating fifteen minutes of hell.

Thud!

The instant the pain washed away, he fell face first on the ground and remained like that without moving an inch.

He passed out immediately with foam covering his mouth...One minute later, and he would have been a mere soul heading towards the spirit realm.

"Take care of him, Candace."

"On it."

Candace exited the void realm and beamed a medical Pod...Then, she placed Felix on it and let it do its magic.

Sometime later...

Felix opened his muddled eyes and pushed the medical pod's glass door open...When he looked to his right, he found Candace, sitting next to him while playing with Nimo.

Eee Eee!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Nimo immediately jumped on his embrace and started rubbing his fur against his body.

However, just as Felix was about to pat Nimo, a dark blue thick tentacle emerged out of nowhere and threw Nimo away from him.

Eee Eee?!

Nimo landed on the wall with an excited expression before rushing back to Felix and getting thrown away again.

He thought that Felix was playing with him, but he had no clue that Felix had the most horrified look on his face ever.

"Cand..Candace..What...What is this?" Felix stuttered as he touched the top of his head with shaky fingers, finding out that he had a long tentacle for a hair!

"Your mutation...A thick, flexible tentacle...Aren't you happy?" Candace licked her lips seductively as she eyed the tentacle with a look that was up to no good.

"Eew!! Ew! Ew! Ew!" Felix almost gagged, feeling repulsed just by the thought.

A tentacle for a hair? He would rather shave it clean than live with such abomination on top of his head!

It might sound cool and all, but it was still a tentacle that was clearly capable of behaving on its own like it had a consciousness as well!

"Don't be too alarmed." Asna chuckled, "It's not a real tentacle. It's still made out of your hair strands combined. You can switch back to your hair if you can control it."

The instant he heard so, Felix attempted to control the tentacle.

The tentacle didn't respond to his orders in the first moments, but after some repetition, he finally gained some control over it.

It was quite a weird feeling like he had another limb on top of his head.

Fortunately, because he was experienced with additional limbs like his wings and tail, he quickly managed to get rid of the tentacle.

The moment that happened, his hair turned into strands again and flew down his shoulders until it reached the ground.

His hair's color naturally had been changed from milky white into blue. It wasn't all blue but had different shades and layers.

It was black from the scalp while mixed with navy-blue patches...As it goes down, the dark shade lean more into softer blue until it reached tips.

"At least, the new color isn't so bad." Felix smiled in satisfaction as the blue color was one of his favorites.

"Wait a second, don't tell me I need to leave my hair long like this time?"

Suddenly, his satisfied smile was stiffened after realizing that he couldn't cut his hair unless he wanted to give up on the tentacle.

After knowing that he could switch his hair into both forms, he wasn't as grossed out as before.

In fact, he already started seeing ways to utilize his tentacle in his fights even though he had yet to test out its full capabilities.

"I doubt it will matter if you cut it." Lady Sphinx informed, "Since your hair is now an active mutation, you can believe that it will grow back in a few seconds if you cut it short."

Upon hearing so, Felix rubbed his eyelids in frustration...He understood he would be stuck with a long hair unless he dropped the mutation.

He knew that wasn't happening anytime soon.

"Ah..Whatev...Wait! How can I forget the most important thing!" Felix promptly snapped his eyes wide open in agitation and placed his hand on his chest.

The instant he heard a symphony of three heartbeats, his face lighted up akin to a kid seeing presents under a Christmas tree.

"I got it! I actually got i!!" Felix tightened his fists in pure excitement at the notion that he could finally merge with the ancestral dragon heart!

"You got more than that." Asna shared, "You have obtained five new hearts in total and even gills."

"Huh? Are you joking?" Felix widened his eyes in bafflement.

He already noticed the gills on his waist, but he had no clue about the other hearts. After all, he couldn't hear them beat.

"You can look for yourself."

Without delay, Felix laid back on the medicine pod and used the MRI scan feature. It took merely a few seconds for the results to come out as a hologram.

"The f*ck is this?" Felix's eyes almost popped off his sockets after looking at his new internal system.

It was too alien and peculiar, he doubted that anyone would guess it belonged to a human if he showed them.

"You should feel happy. This was a much better result." Lady Sphinx smiled, "This will make it much easier for me to modify your genetics since those hearts will act as checkpoints."

"What do you mean?"

"I can now add the ancestral dragon heart and even consider adding a high elf heart to give you a runic familiarity."

"How is that even possible?" Felix frowned.

He could imagine himself with three hearts, but four hearts and more? He had no idea how would his body function properly if they were all beating at once.

"Leave that to me." Selphie said, "I have already started experimenting on your copy and the results are somewhat promising."

Felix dropped this matter after hearing so. He knew that if Lady Sphinx had a hand in this, everything would be alright.

He hoped that she pull it off since it was his opportunity to obtain the world tree first root.

For now, he was simply happy and relieved that all of his pain and sufferings weren't wasted.

"It's quite disheartening that I had to lose my wings though." Felix smiled bitterly after finally realizing that his back felt empty.

He didn't care much about the horns, but the wings were truly too useful to give up on.

Fortunately, he also received gills, which were great addition since he would be owning water manipulation.

He wouldn't need to bother holding his breath within his own abilities like most water elementalists.

"Hmm? My eyes' changed color again?"

Soon, Felix manifested a mirror made out of crystals and looked at his face, wanting to check if anything changed.

As he expected, his eyes color weren't the same. The irises were now blood-red while the triangle-like pupil turned pitch black.

With his long dark/blue hair, this gave him a demonic appearence compared to his previous angelic look.

"So, I went from a monster, to an angel, and finally a demon." Felix chuckled, "What's next?"