Chapter 1039 Exploring The Mutations.

Since Felix had replaced his bloodline with 25% at once, he naturally had unlocked two new passives...He decided to find out about them now.

"Water immunity and water walking....Hmm, not bad I guess." Felix wasn't too siked about water walking since it would be replacing his gemstone concentration.

Though, he wasn't that sad about it. He could always learn how to concentrate gemstone just like he did with lightning and poison.

"Are you going to etch your root gemstone now?" Asna suddenly asked.

"No." Felix shook his head, "Now that I am capable of merging with ancestral dragon heart, I will leave it after the surgery."

Felix didn't want to receive the replacement enhancement boost right now since it wouldn't be as great as doing it when he received the empowerment from the heart.

After all, the heart was going to bestow him with at least 30K+ BF.

This would push Felix's body limitation much higher, allowing him to accept much bigger enhancement from Carbuncle's bloodline.

"Master, when will the surgery occurs?" Felix inquired.

"In a couple of weeks at max." Lady Sphinx informed, "I am still testing on your copy to see if any variables will arise due to the new hearts' addition."

"I see."

Lady Sphinx had already concluded that the surgery would be a success even while he was inside the dimensional pocket.

If it wasn't for so, she wouldn't have mentioned this option...Though, with the new internal system, she had to recheck again to avoid any mistakes.

...

Sometime later, Felix could be seen standing above peaceful ocean while being surrounded by gigantic dreadful sea monsters.

They were circling him like a pack of sharks.

"Let's try again." Felix took a deep breath and dove within the ocean akin to a spear, not causing any splash!

The instant he went down, he got rushed by those sea monsters simultaneously.

Instead of utilizing his abilities or even his physical strength, Felix turned his hair into a tentacle and launched it at the nearest sea monster!

Just like a flexible whip, the tentacle rolled around sea monster's body and tightened its grasp.

Whoom!

Felix used his behemoth strength to pull the sea monster and start using him akin to a hammer against his fellow companions!

This helped him take down a couple of sea monsters before the first one was turned into a mushed up unrecognizable piece of flesh.

The other sea monsters didn't leave him free rein to beat them up as they kept finding ways to ambush him.

This made Felix eat a couple of hits since he was still not as adapted to water battles as them...Still, Felix refused to use anything else to retaliate but his hair.

'Tentacle cocoon!'

When Felix saw that he was about to get assaulted again, he split his tentacle into countless smaller ones before using them to create a cocoon!

BOOM!

The sea monster smashed the tentacle cocoon and sent Felix flying outside the ocean.

Felix landed on top of the water, creating a giant splash.

"Tsk, another failure." Felix transformed his hair back to normal before pausing the training.

For the past hour, Felix had been learning the ins and outs of his mutations.

First, he found out that his Kraken's heart wasn't just for show...The moment he dove in water, it took control over his entire internal system.

He didn't know how exactly, but it helped make him extremely flexible within waters just like a fish!

As for his tentacle? He discovered that his hair didn't turn just into one thick and long tentacle!

In fact, he could turn each hair strand into a thin tentacle if he desired!

He had complete freedom over them.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Moreover, he uncovered that his tentacle's toughness, flexibility, endurance, and rejuvenation were all excellent.

He could even lift hundreds of tons with them without worrying about them getting snapped...Even if they got snapped, they rejuvenate into new ones in a few seconds!

Still, the craziest part was their ability to keep moving for hours even when separated from Felix, allowing him to control them with his mind!

Felix was still discovering more stuff with each minute passing by.

...

Two hours later...

Felix finally decided to call it a quit after defeating those sea monsters without getting kicked out of the water or using anything else but his tentacles.

It wasn't easy in the slightest since those sea monsters were as strong as young royal dragons dragons...In addition, they were in their ideal environment.

Felix knew that the oceans around the universe hid monsters that were ten times much stronger than them.

Though, because they were not intelligent, they weren't ranked in the same caliber as other races.

The same applied to all the hidden monsters, and cosmic creatures with godly strength but no intelligence to support it.

In a few moments, Felix arrived at his room within the palace...Before he could even sit on his bed, he heard knocking on his door.

When he saw that it was Selphie behind the door, he grinned faintly, 'Let's give her a scare.'

"Come in."

"Good mor...Kyaaaaa!!!"

Selphie greeting was cut off short with a horrified scream after meeting with Felix's tentacles moving around akin to snakes in front of her face.

A split second later, the tentacles and Felix's grin were stiffened immediately after Selphie cast a time spell reflexively.

Everything in the room was frozen in time but Selphie!

'Cut it out Selphie, it's me.' Felix immediately dropped his prank after realizing that his life was on the line.

Without his void domain ability, he was at Selphie's mercy every time she used her time spells...Unless, Candace or Nimo helped him out.

"Felix? Don't tell me you replaced your bloodline again?" Selphie raised an eyebrow in surprise after walking around the frozen tentacles and spotting Felix's stiffened face.

'I kinda did, can you free me now?'

"No! You deserve to have at least a ten minutes time out." Selphie sulked with her arms crossed in annoyance, "I have already told you to call me when you want to replace your bloodline...I could have helped, you know?"

'I didn't make any promises.' Felix retorted, 'I would rather not have you see me during it...It's not a pleasant sight.'

"I told you that I don't care about that." Selphie still wasn't letting go, "With my times abilities, I can easily help you take a break when you find it too hard to handle."

Time element was so overpowered, Selphie could indeed pause the integration process whenever she wanted!

This would halt Felix's pain and give him a well-needed break.

'If we did that, I might not be here with you.' Felix smiled wryly in his mind, 'You have to understand that only reason I am not dead yet is due to my mental fortitude during the process.'

'Tell me, will my mentality not be affected negatively if I knew that I always have the option to take a break?'

In Felix's eyes, the integration process was like a rocket...The moment it was launched, the only way it could survive was to keep pushing through the atmosphere and reach space. If rockets paused midair, their entire momentum would be destroyed.

The same applied in Felix's situation.

So, Selphie's presence near him during the integration was merely going to affect him negatively.

This was the real reason.

"I see...I am sorry. I haven't thought about it like that." Selphie apologized with a dejected look while freeing Felix from her time imprisonment.

"Phew, I hope I never get used to this feeling."

Felix cracked his neck with shivers down his spine at the notion that Selphie was capable of keeping him frozen for as long as she wanted if he had no one by his side.

Good thing Selphie was kind, warm, and crazy in love about him...Otherwise, he wouldn't dare be in the same area as her even with his current strength.

"Whoaah, so those tentacles are actually your hair." Selphie's eyes brightened in curiosity after seeing the tentacles turn into Felix's hair.

"Unfortunately, yes." Felix sighed, "I can't cut this way, so you better get used to it."

"I quite like it like this." Selphie smiled while offering, "Do you want me to help you braid it?"

Felix thought about it for a few moments before realizing that it would be much easier to move with his hair all tied up.

After all, it was long enough it reached his feet.

"Sure, why not."

So, Asna could only grit her teeth in irritation as she watched Selphie braid Felix's hair in a gentle manner.

The more Felix interacted with Selphie, the more she desired to get freed...It was for none other than to beat her up for making nonstop advances on her boyfriend!