Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1040 The Dragons Cultivation System.

Three weeks later...

Felix could be seen lying on Lady Sphinx's operation table while wearing only his boxers. He had to come all the way to the witch empire for the surgery.

Since he intended to stay here for months or more until Lady Sphinx figure out a way to help him obtain runic familiarly, he had informed Selphie about his absence.

"Are you ready?" Lady Sphinx asked as she stood next to Felix while wearing scrubs and gloves, resembling a real surgeon.

She wasn't alone as she had two perfect assistants created out of sand.

"Yes."

Lady Sphinx used a powerful anesthetic drug that was made completely out of materials with medical properties. Otherwise, Felix's poison immunity would act up.

Even with Felix's mental toughness and body tolerance to such drugging effect, he still ended up losing consciousness.

'That's some good stuff you got there.' Carbuncle's eyes lit up, 'Mind sharing it?'

'Don't bother me now.' Lady Sphinx shooed away the crackhead and refocused on the surgery.

Because of Lady Sphinx's tremendous experience with Felix's body, she made the surgery seem like a child playing with doctor's kit.

With the help of her competent clone assistants, everything seemed perfect and in order.

Minutes went by then hours and before long an entire day passed by...The surgery took such a long time simply because of how complex Felix's new internal system.

Lady Sphinx had experimented on his body and realized that one tiny mistake was enough to cause all organs to start failing.

Thankfully, she was a professional and a perfectionist, taking as much time as she needed to stitch the ancestral heart in place of the Kraken's heart.

After she was done, she tapped on the ancestral heart for a couple of times before it started to beat on its own.

"Close his him up." Lady Sphinx ordered while removing her bloody gloves.

"Is everything good?" Asna asked.

"Yes." Lady Sphinx informed, "The surgery went great...Now, I just need to implant the royal gemstones on his body."

"Phew, good work." Asna sighed in relief.

"Is it diffuclt to engraft the gemstones?"

"No, I just need to engraft them on those specific spots...Imyr's heart will handle the rest." Lady Sphinx said as she displayed a holographic image of Felix's body.

Black and white gemstones attached themselves on top of his shoulders.

Pink, purple, and orange gemstones merged with his shoulder blades in a straight line.

Green, blue, and yellow gemstones linked on his upper chest in a straight line as well.

The last one got glued between his chest pecs...It was vermilion.

Without further ado, Lady Sphinx beamed those ancient royal gemstones and placed them on another table next to Felix's body.

Ancestor Imyr gave them those gemstones when he heard about their plan.

Naturally, they belonged to his original body as he had extracted them before his corpse was taken away by his descendants.

Without his assistant, Lady Sphinx would have used the royal gemstones from her own batch.

The assistants had already finished stitching Felix's chest since his rejuvenation wasn't as active as he was conscious.

Though, the moment he wakes up, the opening would close on itself and remove any kind of scar.

Lady Sphinx picked the vermilion gemstone and placed it in the center of Felix's chest pecs.

Without needing to do anything, the gemstone turned as hot as a molten rock and merged with Felix's chest.

It didn't leave a single trace, appearing like Felix was born with it.

Lady Sphinx picked another and continued the embedding process until all the gemstones were implanted with Felix's torso.

With the root gemstone added to the mix, he really resembled a celestial being.

After Lady Sphinx was done, she covered Felix and sat next to him with a cup of tea in one hand and a book in the other.

She knew that he wouldn't wake up for at least another five hours.

....

Five hours later...

Felix's eyelashes started quivering, trying his best to open his eyes.

With enough effort, his muddled bloodshot eyes were finally opened.

Just like last time, Felix felt confused, chilly, nauseated, alarmed, and lastly, some pain in his chest after waking up from being drugged out for an entire day.

"How did it go..." Felix asked with a weak voice as he glanced at Lady Sphinx from the corner of his eyes.

Lady Sphinx comforted him, "The surgery went just fine, and now you just need to relax for the next couple of days until Imyr's heart adapt to your body."

"Thank you, master." Felix smiled with a grateful expression while trying to sit up.

He fought through the pain in his chest and started to take deep breaths to regulate the blood flow even better.

After a few minutes, the pain was gone, and he started to feel his energy being restored.

"Hmm? You already embedded the gemstones in me?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise after spotting the gemstones on his chest.

"It was better to do them while you were unconscious."

"I see..." Felix nodded as he kept touching the gemstones with a fascinated look.

He thought that the gemstones would irritate him immensely...But, he felt absolutely nothing while trying to move them or pull them away.

"Can I test them out in the UVR? My body will rest better in the pod." Felix requested.

"No, we still have a few other tests." Lady Sphinx beamed a couple of colorful gemstones and other types of minerals.

She placed them in front of Felix and said, "Start eating."

"..."

Speechless, Felix glanced at the mountains of rocks before him and then at Lady Sphinx, not knowing how to react.

"How else are we supposed to test out whether you have obtained the dragons cultivation system or not?" Lady Sphinx gave him a soft tap in the head before ordering again, "Now eat."

"I don't think my teeth are that strong yet...Can't we melt them or something?" Felix gulped a mouthful as he picked an azure cubical gemstone.

Seeing that Lady Sphinx lifted her hand again, Felix swiftly brought the gemstone to his mouth and bite on it as hard as he could with his eyes closed shut.

Crack!

"Hmm?" Immediately after hearing the cracking noise, he snapped his eyes open. They were filled with nothing but marvel and surprise instead of pain.

It turned out, the gemstone was the thing that broke not his teeth. The shocking part was the fact that the gemstone actually tasted quite delicious!

"How is it so sweet?!" Felix started using more force to bite the gemstone and chew on it like he was eating a hard candy.

The moment he finished it, he reached out to another gemstone from the pile without needing Lady Sphinx to force him.

"Your taste buds, teeth, and also your organs were modified by Imyr's heart to support his cultivation system." Lady Sphinx shared, "Unlike the devourer's heart, you possess the greatest dragon heart in the history of the universe."Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Thank goodn..ess!" Felix said with a mouth full of fragmented minerals before gulping them all at once.

Felix always dreaded the notion that he needed to eat minerals to enhance his strength...He was already suffering from devouring natural treasures, and he really didn't want to worsen it with rocks.

"How do you feel?"

"Hmm, some heat rising from my stomach." Felix answered as he touched his belly...The sensation was similar to when he ate natural treasures.

"Looks like it's a success." Lady Sphinx smiled, "Your body is digesting the elemental energy from the futharks."

"Futharks?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, "No wonder they were so rich with elemental energy."

Felix already knew plenty of things about the dragon cultivation system. The first one was its ability to absorb elemental energy from minerals.

Sure, he was capable of eating common gemstones like rubies, sapphires, emeralds...etc. But they weren't going to provide him with anything.

It was the same as eating grass and expecting to extract elemental energy from it.

Naturally, the rarer the minimal, the more elemental energy it would have.

Second important detail was the fact that the dragon cultivation system had no limitation!

In other words, as long as the dragons were capable of consuming minerals and extract elemental energy from them, they could grow infinitely.

If it wasn't for this, ancestral Imyr wouldn't have reached the strength of primogenitors and the ancient dragons wouldn't have been considered as the strongest race right after the primogenitors.

Naturally, the stronger they got, the bigger their appetite had gotten to support their strength increase.

So, even though they could potentially grow infinitely, it really depended on whether they had enough resources to pull it off.

Unfortunately, elemental minerals were even rarer than their counterpart natural treasures...Especially in this day and age.

"Let me check how much you have absorbed from those gems." Lady Sphinx said as she placed her hand on Felix's chest.

She closed her eyes for a few seconds before announcing, "It's not 100% like Imyr's, but at least you can absorb 80% of the minerals properties."

"That's good enough for me." Felix was more than content with the percentage...After all, he was barely a third of a dragon.

When he had first gotten his devourer's heart, he was absorbing merely 50% of the natural treasures' beneficial properties.

It was bumped to 70% when his devourer's heart became his main after he died in the Shurima Ruins.

So, 80% from the get go was quite remarkable.

"The dragons cultivation system has really no system to it." Asna wondered, "Are you going to keep it as it is?"

The ancient dragons were too lazy to bother put checkpoints or milestones in their system since they could grow infinitely stronger.

In their eyes, why bother put checkpoints to something with no end in the first place?

"No." Felix shook his head, "I will make it the same as devourer's system to keep track of my progress."

"So, instead of devourer's marks, you will call them dragon's marks?"

"Yes, though each mark will have 20K BF ceiling." Felix shared, "Only when I hit it purely from my dragon's system will I move on to the next mark."

"I see."

"Though, if I want to hit the first two Dragon marks, I must travel to the Dwarven galaxy."

Felix smiled wryly, knowing that wasn't going to be so simple when humans were completely banned from entering their galaxy...Don't even mention mining or buying the elemental minerals!