Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1041 The Nine Sacred Attributes.

Felix understood that when it came to elemental minerals, the Dwarven galaxy was so rich of them, there was no room for comparison with other galaxies.

The dwarves utilized those minerals to forge artifacts as well as export the excess to other nations...Naturally, futharks weren't included since they were considered to be the most important mineral for the dwarves.

If Felix wanted to get his hands on large quantities of elemental minerals, the Dwarven galaxy was his only way forward.

"Let's think about this when I secure the world tree first root." Felix removed such thoughts from his head, knowing that he wasn't done yet with the elvish realms.

"Take this. It will help you push through half a mark at minimum." Lady Sphinx said as she handed Felix a spatial ring.

When Felix glanced at its inventory, his eyes were widened in surprise. The ring was filled with hundreds of different elemental minerals...Most of them were quite rare and cost a fortune.

"Thank you, master." Felix accepted the gift with a grateful expression.

"You are on your own, now." Lady Sphinx replied calmly.

In other words, he should never come looking for her again for elemental minerals even if he failed in getting his hands on them.

Felix had no problems with this whatsoever.

...Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Sometime later...

Felix could be seen lying on the VR Pod. He wanted to log in and test out his new attributes on all of his elements.

Though, before doing so, he still had one last thing to do.

"Elder, can you please help me etch crystallization beam." Felix requested from Carbuncle.

"Done." Carbuncle snapped his finger causally while taking big whiffs of lined white powder on the table.

"This is the good stuff!" He exclaimed with a stoned expression.

The tenants didn't bother to even glance in his direction, too used to his shenanigans.

As for Felix? He was grinning from ear to ear after sensing his new empowered elemental capacity and his mental capacity!

They were at least boosted by an additional 50%, making him feel at ease about utilizing much more dangerous and consuming techniques...In addition, he felt like he could now take on even medium ranked empyrean hive player!

This boost of confidence was all Felix needed to be assured that his climb within the empyrean rank wouldn't be hindered right from the start!

Without delay, Felix logged in and went straight to his UVR's room. Then, he created a bloodline force testing machine and stood in front of it.

It was time to test out his physical strength after all the enhancements he went through.

Life essence water, ancestral dragon heart, and finally, his bloodline enhancement.

Felix took a deep breath and tightened his fist until the air entrapped within it exploded from the sudden pressure. Then, he took his best punching posture and tensed his muscles while zooming in on the red pad.

The instant he felt in zone with every fiber of his body, he struck the red pad, holding absolutely nothing back!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMM!!!

The ground shook, the trees trembled, and even the clouds in front of the explosion zone were affected by the shockwave!

The only thing that remained unmoving was the machine as it started calculating the punch immediately after Felix pulled back his fist.

Felix lifted his head and kept eying the red numbers going up nonstop. In a few moments, the number stopped at six figures.

To be exact, at 255,465 BF!

"Hmmm? A bit lower than I anticipated." Felix remarked in confusion at the result.

He assumed that he would have at least reached 270k+ since he was told that the ancestral heart would enhance his physical strength by a significant 50K.

Since he was at 186K before, this meant that his latest two enhancements merely boosted him by 70K or so.

"It's normal." Thor said, "You have crossed another milestone and this caused your enhancements to take another hit."

"You're talking about the 200K BF?"

"Yes, I'm not very knowledgeable about your bloodline force system, but I understand that there are infinite milestones for mortals due to their body limitations." Thor clarified, "For us primogenitors, unigins, and other superior beings, we were born with no such barriers that hinder our growth. This was one of the many gifts bestowed upon us."

"Damn it, doesn't that mean that the stronger I get, the harder it will get for me to push forward?"

Felix didn't like the sound of that one bit. His goal always targeted those 'immortal beings'. But, if he had such chains dragging him down to the ground, how could he fly and touch them?

"Well, mortals were never meant to reach our level." Asna added, "If it was so easy to reach our strength, we wouldn't have been given such great duties to manage the universe."

In the case of primogenitors, their duties were already over as they had populated the entire universe and shaped it to what it is now.

Without them, there would no elementalists around...Not even beasts with abilities.

As for the Unigins? They were responsible over the guarding the universe laws, and it was a job lasting for eternity.

How could mortals even compare to what those beings went through?

If Felix could easily reach their strength by merely mixing a cultivation system with another, the universe's balance would truly be a joke.

"One step at a time." Lady Sphinx advised, "We will handle each milestone you hit, just keep walking forward and don't look up too much or down."

In other words, Felix just need to keep focusing on what he could do now...That's it.

"You're right. If I thought like this from the start, I would have never reached this far." Felix smiled.

Felix might have been slightly disappointed with his physical strength before...But now? He understood that this was enough to enable him to keep moving forward in his path.

That was good enough for him.

After a few more tests to his physical strength and mental defenses, Felix moved on to the juicy part.

"What attribute do I start with?" Felix grinned.

"Try the vermilion gemstone." Asna suggested, "I believe it gives you a deconstruction effect to your elements?"

"Yes it does." Felix said, "Let's start with it, I also wanted to find out if it is as good as void energy."

"Not even close." Lady Sphinx destroyed his hopes before he can test it out, "Void energy is capable of deconstructing matter to the last molecule. This attribute simply deconstruct matter into fine dust."

"Well, that's not so bad."

Felix's force come mainly from his elemental attacks anyway...If this deconstruction bonus was added, he wouldn't be complaining.

Without delay, Felix summoned an electrical bolt while thinking of the deconstruction attribute...The moment he did so, the vermilion gemstone in the center of his chest turned brighter.

Felix didn't even notice this as his eyes were locked on the lightning bolt dancing around him...What attracted his attention was the new color as it had turned vermilion as well!

"Fascinating...Will all the effects switch my lightning color as well?"

This made Felix change his plan into summoning lightning bolts with each attribute active.

As he assumed, he was surrounded by nine different color lightning bolts, ranging, from pink, black, green, white, yellow, and the list goes on and on!

"This will defintely confuse the crap about of my opponents." Felix grinned.

"Try other elements." Asna said.

Felix did as he was told and manifested poison spheres and gemstone cubes. However, the results were quite different from lightning.

"They kept their original colors...Hmm, looks like the base effect is more dominate." Felix concluded after seeing that the colors hadn't changed.

That's because he used Argadite gemstones and true poison spheres as the base.

They already provided an original inducement and an attribute unlike lightning that was attributeless. After all, it was mere a form of energy.