Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1043 Betting Her Reputation.

Felix pressed on the participants list and was met with golden color bright enough it almost blinded him.

//The Bishop(Heavenly Turtle): Empyrean Rank 489/Winrate 94%

The SnakeCharmer(Spirit Fox): Empyrean Rank 498/Winrate 91%

Nocturne(Royal Green Dragon): Empyrean Rank 490/Winrate 95%

Singularity(Astrian): Empyrean Rank 494/Winrate 89%

Unpaid Landlord(Human) Peak Radiant Rank/Winrate 100%

Nightowl(Pandion): Empyrean Rank 491/Winrate 88%

Knight Guard N33(Official Killer Bee N15): Empyrean Rank 477/Winrate 91%

SoulCutter(Spider Kin): Peak Radiant Rank/Winrate 83%//

"You guessed it correctly." Felix said as he stared at the list that had at least third of it shimmering with golden names!

"Not bad, there are two Siren's champions, one Cherufe's champions, one Saurous' champion, and even that skunk Kumiho's champion." Lady Sphinx named a few with a satisfied expression.

She knew that a couple of them were still holding into monoliths whether in the open or in secret.

"As expected, all five empyrean ranked players are represented." Felix commentated.

He already knew that all the top five hundred players in the platform were represented by one of the primogenitors.

It didn't even matter whether they were their descendants or not...For example, Siren and Kumiho shared representation on the Hive Race within the empyrean rank even though they also had their descendants.

"I have just received a call from Aspidochelone." Lady Sphinx suddenly shared, "He wanted us to meet in the morning to discuss the wager."

"Alright."

"This will be fun." Thor snickered, "It's been a while since we have humiliated those retards."

Thor naturally referred to the Darkin faction as Saurous also had an empyrean champion representing him.

In the past three games, Felix hadn't met with any of the Darkin faction's champions, which saddened his masters greatly.

They really wanted to see their ugly faces when Felix run them down with his new strength.

"Save your energy for the meeting." Lady Sphinx said.

"Are we invited as well?" Felix inquired.

"Yes."

"Damn." Felix sighed.

Ever since he almost got sexually assaulted by Kumiho, he dreaded meeting with her again.

Alas, he couldn't reject an invitation sent to him by Aspidochelone...

...

The next morning...

Felix could be seen standing behind Lady Sphinx, Thor, and Jörmungandr in a spacious ancient living room that was built completely out of soil...Even though everything looked brownish, it still had an artistic feel to it.

Just like Felix, the other ten champions were situated behind their ancestors and sponsors.

This had made the spacious living room seem somewhat crowded since the numbers of the primogenitors weren't few.

There were Aspidochelone, Saurous, Kumiho, Siren, Cherufe, and Jorōgumo added to Felix's three masters.

"How about we jump straight into the subject?" Aspidochelone gave an elderly kind smile as he eyed everyone.

"You guys know what I want." Lady Sphinx said in a straightforward manner, not wanting to waste time as well.

"Are you planning to bet something interesting this time for it?" Kumiho smiled charmingly as she winked at Felix, "I might consider betting my three monoliths if you placed your cutie in the bet."

Felix felt shivers run through his spine at her playful eyes.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

If it were someone else, he wouldn't even need such a condition as he would offer himself as a slave to Kumiho.

Alas, Felix had seen real beauty so much, he merely felt scared for his little general if he ever landed in the hands of that fox.

"Be serious, or I won't be addressing you any further in this meeting." Lady Sphinx said bluntly while giving Kumiho a cold stare.

"Sheesh, don't you know that you will get wrinkles under your eyes if you are always so serious?" Kumiho giggled.

"Coming from you, I don't doubt it." Lady Sphinx fired back.

"Is that so?" Kumiho's playful expression was nowhere to be seen after hearing so.

It was clear that Lady Sphinx implied that she must be experienced in wrinkles to advise her about them.

For Kumiho, her only reversed scale was always taking jabs at her refined beauty.

"I am willing to place three monoliths in the line." Kumiho smiled coldly, "The only thing I want from you is a public apology in the council. It will be written by me."

"Kumiho, you are taking it too far." Aspidochelone frowned.

"Aspidochelone, stay out of this." Saurous backed Kumiho with a faint smirk, "Let the ladies handle their own problems."

It might seem that Kumiho's request was foolish and not worth the three monoliths, but in the eyes of the primogenitors?

There was no comparison between the two bets!

Primogenitors had already finished the main quest in the lives and were doing the side quests now. So, who would throw his pride, honor in front of their peers for the sake of material goods?

The only thing primogenitors would never risk losing was their reputation and pride within their circle.

'Master, you don't hav..'

Before Felix could finish his sentence, Lady Sphinx said with a firm tone, "I accept."

This shocked both the primogenitors and the champions alike as they had never expected that Lady Sphinx's obsession with monoliths would be this deep!

"Accept what? I don't think my fellow friends have heard you correctly." Kumiho leaned closer to Lady Sphinx while having her hand against her ear.

"I will apologize to you in the council if I lose the bet." Lady Sphinx mouthed the words one by one with a frigid stare.

"Annnd recorded!" Kumiho giggled as she started to fiddle around with audio before playing it out loud.

-I apologize to you-, -I apologize to you-, -I apologize to you-...

This sentence kept repeating over and over again with Lady Sphinx own voice.

"Good, settle with that. You already know that you have no hope to win this game." Unaffected, Lady Sphinx merely replied in a calm manner.

"Tsk, you're so boring." Kumiho clicked her tongue in criticism and deleted the audio...She merely wanted to provoke Lady Sphinx, but she was too composed to fall for such tricks.

"Cough, how about you guys start placing your bets?" Aspidochelone swiftly tried to change the subject.

He prepared himself to mediate between the Asgardian faction and the Darkin faction, yet trouble came from another source.

"You ladies have really risen the wager by a lot." Chefure was the first to announce, "I'm willing to place Resolution Feather, Desire's Cube, and Cup of Doom."

"That's good collection, but you still need to add more to match three monoliths." Thor said. Lady Sphinx's bet wasn't mentioned since it was between her and Kumiho.

The others had nothing to gain from it, which meant that Lady Sphinx still had to place a real bet.

"How about Corruption Texts?"

"That will do."

Next Siren placed six treasures since she had two champions in this game...She was followed by Jorōgumo, Saurous, and finally Aspidochelone.

Still, no one placed as many treasures as Felix's masters.

They put a total of ten exclusive and ancient treasures added to Lady Sphinx's apology.

'This is really a healthy amount of pressure.' Asna chuckled as she eyed Felix's deadpan expression.

Although Felix was confident in his strength, he knew that many variables might arise that could foil all of his plans and make him lose the game.

He really, really didn't want to make Lady Sphinx lose face before her peers.

'Don't think too much about it and just play as always.' Lady Sphinx comforted him with a faint smile, 'You have been through much worse situations and always came in top.'

'I promise that I will give it my all.' Felix assured with a stern tone.

For his master to put her reputation in her hand really made him understand how much she trusted him.

'I know you will.'

"How about we spice up the wager even more?" Saurous suddenly suggested.

"Even more than this? Haven't we put enough in the pool?" Siren remarked.

"I am not talking about that." Saurous said, "I want to make the condition to win the game a bit harder for our kids."

Felix and the rest of the champions all had a change of expression at the sound of that.

In their eyes, eleven champions with such a high caliber contesting for one goal was already hard enough.

Too bad, they had no say in this meeting.

"How about we eliminate champions from the bet if they left the arena even once?" Saurous proposed, "They can still win after, but it wouldn't count towards the bet if they exited the arena."

"That does sound a bit interesting." Cherufe supported.

"Why not? My champions had no thoughts of leaving the arena in the first place."

"Same."

Neither the primogenitors nor the players seemed too bothered by the added condition.

In their minds, they were all planning to never let go of the crown the moment they put it on top of their heads.

"Then, consider it added." Aspidochelone said while standing up.

The rest of the primogenitors stood up as well, knowing that it was the cue for the end of the meeting.

They wished each other good luck and started teleporting away one by one until only Aspidochelone and his champions remained.

"Do not embarrass me." Aspidochelone remarked calmly as he eyed his champions.

In this game, he was the sole primogenitor with two empyrean ranked players representing him.

One was the pandion Nightowl, and the other was the heavenly turtle, The Bishop.

"One of us will win the bet even if it meant working together." Nightowl expressed with a composed expression.

Unlike normal pandions that resembled humaniod pandas greatly, this one looked more like an American black bear with two long fangs protruding from his mouth.

The Bishop nodded his head lazily in approval.

"One last thing, don't underestimate that human." Aspidochelone warned them before leaving the room.

Both of them nodded with a serious look...Even without being told, none of them dared to underestimate Felix after watching his last radiant ranked games.

In fact, in this game, Felix was believed to be one of the highest potential players to win it...Even the gambling dins placed low odds on Felix, fearing to suffer from a massive lose.

Felix had truly gone through a lot to reach this stage, where he was considered as a potential winner instead of the underdog!