Chapter 1046 Anytime Soon...Anytime Soon...

"Haha! As expected of that brat." Erebus laughed in amusement and fascination after figuring out Felix's strategy.

"I never thought that I will see Kraken's water tentacles ever be used like this." Siren remarked speechlessly.

While the viewers and the players were confused out of their wits at Felix's ability to control those water tentacles from such a distance, the primogenitors knew exactly what set of abilities he used.

It was a combination of a passive called Tentacles Senses Sharing and an active ability called Oceanic Tentacles.

Oceanic tentacles allowed Felix to manifest as many tentacles as he wanted as long as he was nearby a water surface.

Those tentacles could reach hundreds of meters if not bigger...They were not destructible since they were made out of water!

As for his passive, it allowed him to connect his hair mutation with the water tentacles.

This made it possible for him to control those water tentacles just as good as he did with his hair!

"You can't run for long!"

Nightowl was the first to break out of his daze and charge towards Felix by kicking the air, resembling a martial artist from Wuxia dramas.

The moment he was about to make Felix enter his manipulation range, the water tentacle hurled Felix as far as possible before it was caught again by another one!

"So annoying!" Nightowl growled after seeing that Felix was already many kilometers away from him.

When he checked the entire arena and saw that there were hundreds of tentacles, he knew that Felix would be able to play him like a fool if he kept chasing him on his own.

Luckily for him, the rest of the players started showing up near the arena one by one, leaving behind only a few slower ones.

"What are you doing?! Enter already and tighten the surrounding spaces!" He shouted at all the players while using his neutral energy to boost his voice.

"Just because you're an empyrean it doesn't make you our boss to order us around." A giant humaniod black and white orca sneered.

He was carrying a Trident and had a crown made out of water on top of his head...This was Banemonster, Siren's second champion and part of the marine races.

Because of the Kraken's death, Siren had taken almost all the marine races under her wing, giving her many strong races to be used as representatives in the games.

"I gotta salute Landlord, he really did me a big solid by setting the stage for me."

Banemonster smirked as he dove within the red lagoon, having full confidence that he would dominate the game in his favorite environment.

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

Alas, the instant his body was engulfed within the water, it was assaulted by the deconstruction effect, causing Banemonster to go through a hellish agony!

Without an ounce of hesitation, he jumped back like a shrimp thrown into boiling oil, attempting to get outside the arena.

Unfortunately, he ended up slamming against an invisible barrier!

Because of the agony, he completely forgot that players couldn't leave the arena for five minutes after entering!

Left with no choice, Banemonster jumped above the surface of the lagoon, causing the viewers and the players to suck a cold deep breath in fear at the sight of his red flesh completely exposed!

It was like he was thrown into a pool of acid that was a hundred times more potent!

After he got out, Banemonster used his remaining sanity to cast two water jets from his feet. This caused him to create enough pressure to resist gravity and remain above the water surface.

Then, he cleaned his entire body from the remaining deconstructing water on him, and drunk rank 5 healing potion that restored his body back to its perfect form almost instantaneously.

Only then did the pain finally settled, and his expression had been eased a bit.

"LANDLOOORRD!!! F*CK YOUUU!!"

Naturally, his first instinct after going through this hellish experience was to curse out Felix and his abnormal abilities!

Not in his wildest dreams would he assume that water would have such a deadly deconstruction attribute!

He lived his entire life in water and seen many colors for it, making him believe that it wasn't such a big deal as others took it.

As for the water color being attributed to poison? It was honestly a laughable thought in his mind since it was simply impossible for poison to remain potent after being diluted by this insane quantity of water.

It was like poisoning a sea in a short few minutes! Even if Felix was that monstrous, he knew that was impossible to achieve in such a short time.

"Looks like most players are hesitate about entering the arena after seeing Banemonster's horrible experience." Venali commentated as he displayed the stern looks of the players outside the arena.

Naturally, players capable of flight didn't really seem to care about the water as they flew inside the arena and joined the chase after Felix.

The others had to think of creative ways to avoid being touched by the water.

Most of those players created thick armor around themselves using their own elements and stepped inside the arena.

While the armor was being eaten away, they started creating their own small safety area.

For the Vulcans, they spew an insane amount of lava that ended up evaporating the water and turning the lava into a small earthen bed.

Heavenly Turtles did the same but with hardened soil.

Naturally, the deconstruction effect kept assaulting their platforms continuously, but it didn't matter much since they easily could recover the lost parts.

"As expected of an individual game, no one went an extra limb to help the others." Venali said.

All the players within the arena had no intentions of getting rid of the water at all.

They were satisfied with just creating a footing for themselves. As for those with flight capabilities? They weren't even bothered.

It was natural behavior since everyone's elemental energy was finite unlike Felix, who could recover it for three of his elements.

No one was dumb enough to go all out and clear out kilometers of water just so their opponents could benefit from it.

Felix had already anticipated as much when he created the lagoon!

At the moment, he could be seen being chased by at least ten players in the air. However, they were nowhere close to catch him or harm him!

Whooosh!! THUD!!!

"Another hit!" Venali shouted as he watched the crystallized sphere getting hurled into the air after being smashed by a giant molten meteor!

The meteor exploded into a fiery of flames while the crystallized white sphere emerged unscathed from the collision.

However, it couldn't resist the force from the collision and ended up having its trajectory changed towards the edges of the arena.

Most of the players had their eyes brightened by the sight, knowing that if Felix got kicked out of the arena, the crown would be placed randomly on top of another player!

Sadly, they had forgotten one tiny important rule...Elemental abilities couldn't leave the arena!

TIIING!!!

The crystallized sphere bounced back off the invisible barrier and got caught by water tentacle under the despaired looks of the players!!

"They can't harm him, they can't kick him, and they can't catch him. If they don't work together real soon, the game might end in Landlord's favor." Jorōgumo remarked.

"I doubt his elemental capacity can support this strategy for another half an hour." Kumiho smiled calmly, not too bothered by the fact that Felix was stealing the show and might even win this.

"True, just the lagoon alone should be draining him a ton each second, and he has to cancel it if he wants to avoid becoming useless for the rest of the game." Siren supported.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

It was a logical assumption to make since the lagoon stretched for tens of kilometers and was a couple of meters deep.

Even the empyrean players believed so...This was the only reason they were holding off creating an alliance with each other to deal with Felix.

As empyrean players, they were too proud to hold each other's hands just to deal with one player before exhausting all of their options.

Unfortunately, this decision was going to cost them immensely as the chase continued for more than fifteen minutes without any positive results!

The only time they got close to catching Felix was when he was about to enter Singularity's gravity field!

-Landlord has collected 100,000 points! Congratulation for this milestone!-

Queen Ai announcing Felix's points every five minutes didn't make it any easier for the players to remain patient.

"He should cancel his ability any time soon...Any time soon..."

-Landlord has collected 120,000 points! Congratulation for this milestone!-

"Any time soon..."

-Landlord has collected 140,000 points! Congratulation for this milestone!-

"Any...Screw this!!"

In the end, Nocturne was the first to finally crack under Queen Ai's announcements...He stopped chasing Felix immediately and flew as low as he could.

Then, without an ounce of hesitation, he turned into his towering dragon form and started breathing a torrent of greenish flames at the water!

As a proud dragon, his first thought was naturally to use flame orbs to settle his irritation, but since they were banned, he could only attempt to evaporate the red lagoon!

When the players noticed this, their eyes brightened up at the notion that the water would be getting rid off without them needing to waste their energy.

No one even bothered to think of assisting Nocturne.

'I guess it's time to move to step two.' Felix smirked faintly as he eyed the tremendous amount of fog rise within the arena.