Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1047 Silent Assasinations...Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

To be considered as a great schemer, one was required to anticipate ten moves ahead of his opponents and all sorts of variables that might pop off.

The dragons and vulcans attempting to evaporate the red lagoon was an anticipated move by Felix, and he added it into his plan!

On the exterior, nothing much changed as Felix continued playing catch with the white sphere and the tentacles.

However, unbeknownst to the players, Felix had created an exact copy of himself out of crystals and placed it in his original spot.

Then, he drank a rank five potion called Absolute Invisibility that was concocted personally by him.

This potion ensured that Felix wouldn't be traced by any kind of sensory ability for more than an hour.

Yet, the real kicker that separate this potion from other similar low ranked ones, was the fact that it provided a sort of silencer aura around him, which isolated sound completely!

This effect was never seen before as this was from a secret recipe created by Lady Sphinx.

After the effect was in place, Felix produced electricity through his fingers and channelled it within the humaniod crystal golem through a small hole.

The moment its interior body was full covered in electricity, Felix closed down all the holes, entrapping the electricity within.

Then, he bestowed life upon it and ordered, 'Keep moving your limbs periodically.'

The golem nodded his head in understanding and began doing so immediately, making him resemble a drunk idiot.

Felix facepalmed and moved on with his plan, knowing that this would do just alright.

'Now, we wait...'

Felix waited patiently next to the sphere's wall, leaving his original place to his golem...This naturally confused the viewers about his intentions for doing this.

Only the sharpest ones managed to connect the dots the instant they noticed that the red fog was starting to fill up the entire arena.

"Don't tell me he is planning to exit his barrier and start assassinating the players by taking advantage of the fog?" Siren raised her eyebrows in astonishment.

"Well, he did block others' sensory abilities on him and even used a decoy to fool everyone." Erebus remarked, "It's a risky play, but if he pulled off, he will have free rein to lower the numbers of players before getting found out."

Splash!

The moment he finished speaking, the white sphere smashed into the water within the fog for a few moments.

"Chance!!"

Most of the nearby players had their eyes brightened up at the notion that the white's sphere speed would be slowed immensely within the water.

Unfortunately, before they could make a move, a much bigger tentacle emerged from the water while having the white sphere within it.

Then, it threw it outside the fog, causing the irritated players to curse out Felix and start their chase yet again.

"Oh god! They have really been fooled!" Elnora exclaimed in shock as she watched everyone targeting the white sphere, not realizing that Felix was hidden deep underwater!!

"How can they find out?" Selphie smiled, "The decoy was producing heat throughout its entire body, which gives it a humaniod red aura for the players with infrared vision. For Singularity and Nightowl to be fooled as well, it looks like Felix had made the decoy to have his exact body weight and produce enough elemental energy."

In this game, there were only three kinds of visions; elemental vision, gravitational waves detection, and lastly infrared vision.

Felix's decoy was so perfect, it countered all of them!

The fact that Felix's water tentacles could be controlled at any distance due to its use of his mental energy, made him capable of continuing to hurl the white sphere from tentacle to another even when he wasn't inside of it!

'It's time...'

Deep underwater, Felix snapped his eyes open after noticing that the red fog had covered half of the arena.

As silent as a ghost, he lied down on his stomach and created a sniper rifle V3. Then, he placed it in front of him, making him resemble a marine sniper camouflaged amidst active shooting.

'Separation dome.' He mumured.

Immediately, a thin crystallized dome was built around him.

'Cancel.'

Next, Felix got rid of the water within the dome by canceling the separated portion of the water from the main lagoon.

This was more or less the same as creating three poison bombs and canceling one while leaving two.

As long as abilities were separated, they were treated individually.

Now, that the water wasn't bothering him anymore, Felix manifested the Railgun rings around the sniper's rifles barrel.

Then, he opened a tiny hole in the dome and pushed only the closed shut muzzle through it.

'True Poison Bullets.'

Finally, Felix reached the last piece of the puzzle.

A crystallized 12 mm hollow bullets that were filled with nothing but liquified dark purplish poison!

'Let's hunt some sitting ducks first...' Felix smiled sinisterly as he placed the poison bullets within the sniper's chamber.

Then, he aimed the muzzle at players, who were inactive within the fog.

There were quite a number of them since not everyone was capable of flight, forcing them to play passively.

"What the hell is Landlord up to? Won't the noise expose him?" Venali was completely thrown off by Felix's set up just like the majority of the viewers.

They assumed that he would be assassinating the players by relying on his physical strength and axe, but he had to go for this much stealthier but complex route.

"Furthermore, how can he even aim properly when the muzzle is affixed in one position like th..."

Before Venali could finish his sentence, he was forced to swallow the rest at the sight of crystallized dome rotating slowly to the right akin to a tank's torrent!

"He is really quite witty."

Everyone was left amazed by Felix's ingenious thought process...It didn't come to their minds at all that he could simply rotate the dome and his aiming problem would be solved!

"The noise will still give him away thou...Huh? What has happened?"

Yet again, Venali realized that he had spoken too soon as the gun had fired the bullet and not a single sound wave was released!

If it wasn't for the gun's recoil and sudden flash of light, no one would have even imagined that Felix had fired!

When Venali finally broke out of his daze and traced the bullet, he was dumbfounded to see Banemonster's shrunken purplish corpse getting deconstructed as it lied on the water surface!

He was killed instantly and silently, not alerting any other player.

For him to get targeted first, it must have been karma for cursing out Felix before!

"Dear mother tree! This is too freaky." Venali gulped a mouthful in fright, thoroughly ignoring his elegant elvish demeanor.

His spooked reaction was shared by most viewers, who found it hard to believe that a peak radiant player had been killed in this manner!

He wasn't given even the opportunity to use a surrender coupon, which was almost impossible in those high ranked games!

"How did he not produce any noise? Is it water ability related or because of that potion?" Aspidochelone wondered.

Even the primogenitors weren't too familiar with Lady Sphinx's catalog of potions...Especially, rank five ones and below, as they had no use for them.

"The potion." Lady Sphinx answered, finding no reason to withhold such information.

"What an interesting effect." Siren sighed in disappointment, "Though, did he have to start with my champion?"

"You don't have to feel bad." Thor remarked with a faint smirk, "My boy isn't planning on stopping here."

As he mentioned...

'One down, twenty-nine to go...' Felix smiled coldly as he rotated the dome to face another stationary player within the fog.

In a rapid fashion, he blew up his head the instant the muzzle aligned with his target!

Just like Banemonster, his corpse began to deconstruct by the fog and the water, erasing all evidence of Felix's assassination!

"Another one down! Don't tell me Landlord is planning to eliminate all the players like this?!" Venali exclaimed loudly, "If he pulled it off, he would be adding another unimaginable achievement and push his rank upward in the Hall of Fame!"