Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1048 Finding Out The Truth!

"The commentator is tripping, there is no way that's even remotely possible." Aegnor sneered, "The lagoon is being reduced by large quantities each second. He won't be able to hide underwater for so long."

Aegnor might be salty about Felix but what he said was indeed logical. Without the water, there would be no tentacles, which would get Felix's decoy to get caught immediately.

When Felix's sham get exposed, the players would go all out to find him inside the fog...As for the deconstruction effect? It was easier to block in its mist form.

Felix knew this as well, which made him work more efficiently in his assassinations.

"Another one bite the dust!"

"And another! Landlord might be quick, but his choice of his prey is really too perfe...Dear lord! Another one down!"

Neither Venali nor the viewers were able to keep up with Felix's hunting speed as he was popping off heads left and right!

If the bullet wasn't enough to kill some tough players, the true poison would make them regret not getting oneshoted!

What's more surprising was the fact that Felix was maintaining this hunting pace while he was constantly changing his location every half a minute!

Naturally, he couldn't break the rules...Otherwise, he would get kicked out of the arena for an entire hour as well as receive a nasty debuff.

'Hmm? They decided to help?' Felix frowned after noticing that the other three peak radiant royal dragons in the arena were also breathing fire at the water.

They finally had enough of that useless goose chase and joined Nocturne in eradicating the lagoon!

"This is bad news for Landlord!" Venila commentated, "By the looks of it, he merely has two minutes at best before his lagoon get turned into mist thoroughly!"

Unfortunately, his prediction wasn't even close.

"Time to end this." Singularity stopped chasing as well and floated above the remaining exposed area of the arena. Then, she extended her palms at the red water and yelled, "Rise!"

Splash!! Splash!!

An entire area of three kilometers of water started to float slowly in the air, getting separating from the rest!

As for the water tentacles? They were also under the influence of the gravity, forcing to remain static!

Gravity was simply the absolute counter to water as its flexibility and softness made it hard for it to resist even a bit of it.

After the water was lifted, Signlurity brought her palms together and shouted again, "Condense!"

Under the stunned eyes of the viewers, three kilometers of the lagoon started to shrink in size while growing thicker into a sphere!Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

In less than a couple of seconds, it became an enormous red water sphere floating in the sky of the arena!

Yet, she wasn't done!

"I will leave it to you."

Singularity pushed the water sphere straight into Nocturn's flames, causing it to get evaporated much faster!

When Nightowl, The Bishop, and the rest of the players saw this, they realized that it would be impossible to catch Felix with just them.

So, instead of remaining passive and allowing Felix to collect free points, they might as well fasten the process.

The Bishop picked another empty area and used his earth manipulation to seal a large portion of the lagoon within a hardened cube!

Nightowl and the others also used their own unique method to deal with their portions of the lagoon!

"This is probably one of the first times I see all the players actively working together without needing a contract!" Venali expressed in astonishment.

While he was astonished, Felix was left at loss for words at everyone's silent cooperation to deal with his ability...He wasn't happy about it at all.

'F*cking hell, all that planning to kill eight.'

He knew that his underwater assassination strategy was ruined before it could take off.

Without hesitation, Felix removed his sniper and the crystal dome...Still, he maintained the lagoon for now since if he canceled it, he would lose out the fog.

At the moment, the fog was the only thing keeping him from getting spotted.

"At last!"

"Finally, we can move freely!"

"Find that bastard human already!"

With everyone's chipping in here and there, the lagoon was no more!

Everyone could walk on the ground again, which was a considerable relief to most players.

Though, the entire arena was covered in fog, making it extremely hard to see anything in front of them.

The players weren't too bothered by this as they had their own sensory abilities to keep track of most players.

So, all of them charged simultaneously in direction of the white sphere after it lost the support of the tentacles!

Singularity being the nearest was the first to catch it in her gravity field.

"Got you!" She smiled coldly as she made the white sphere experience ten times the level of normal gravity, making it impossible to move a single inch from the ground.

"Still not planning on coming out?"

Singularity lifted the white sphere and crashed it into the arena floor by adding an insane level of gravity to it.

The shockwave produced was enough to clear out the mist for hundreds of meters! Still, neither the arena nor the white sphere cracked.

"Let's see how much can you handle!"

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

Not giving up, Singularity kept smashing the white sphere over and over again on the floor, knowing that even if the sphere didn't crack, Felix should be feeling the force at full!

In her mind, either he gets out or his bones and flesh would be mushed up together.

Meanwhile, Nightowl and the rest of the players were forced to watch outside the gravity field, not wanting to experience the same fate.

"This is quite embarrassing to be honest." Aspidochelone covered his eyes, not too keen on watching this farce.

Felix was chilling at the far edge of the arena while they were busy trying to kick out his decoy of the sphere.

Even the viewers started feeling bad for the players as this wasn't an image worthy of an semi-empyrean ranked game.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

"GET OUT ALREADY, YOU RAT!"

Sooner than later, Singularity was started to get pissed off yet again as no matter how much she smashed the sphere or shook it, nothing positive happened.

'Let me give it a try.'

Abruptly, a soft enticing voice echoed in Singularity's mind, making her calm down a bit.

'Tangleseeker, get out of my head before I start with you.' Singularity warned with a cold tone.

'Relax a bit, the more agitated you get, the easier you fall into that human schemes.' Tangleseeker replied softly, not fazed at all by her threat.

'Don't tell me what to...'

'Can you please let me have a go? I will ensure that he will cancel his ability, and you can do whatever you want with him.' Tangleseeker interrupted her, 'I am not interested in winning the game as much as making this human lose...You know why.'

Upon hearing so, Singularity wasn't as resistant to the idea as much...She knew that Tangleseeker and her ancestor Kumiho had a different agenda in this game.

Unlike them, if Felix was kicked out of the arena or killed, Lady Sphinx would still have to apologize to Kumiho even if her champion hadn't won the game since their bet was just between them.

If it wasn't for this, Kumiho wouldn't have placed three monoliths on the line for a mere slight chance of an apology.

She wasn't that confident in her champion to defeat everyone.

'...Fine.'

In the end, Singularity opened a path for Tangleseeker to step inside her gravity field...Unlike most spirit foxes, she had seven tails, and they were pink.

Naturally, her face was nothing but marvel and a treat to the viewers, who wished that the camera would be placed on it for the rest of the game.

Unfortunately, this beautiful face ended up changing for the worst after Tangleseeker reached the white sphere and sent out her mental waves inside.

"What's wrong with you?" Singularity frowned.

"There is no one inside..." Tangleseeker remarked with a horrified look.

"Are you messing with me?!" Singularity got furious immediately, "I can clearly sense his gravitational waves!"

"I swear I am not!" Tangleseeker felt chills course on her spine at the whole spookiness of the situation, "I sense absolutely not a single brain wave coming from the sphere! Either he is already dead or he isn't there in the first place! Call Knight guard and he will tell you the same!"