Chapter 1049 Like Dogs Chasing After A Ball.

Tangleseeker's voice was loud enough it reached the ears of the rest of the players.

"Is she being for real? I refuse to believe this!"

"Landlord must have drank a potion to hide his brainwaves or something...It must be!"

"Knight Guard, your mental prowess is much better than hers. Mind going to check?"

Nightowl requested as he eyed a humaniod killer bee with horrific facial features that would send kids crying with a single look.

"If she permitted." Knight guard answered monotonously, seeming like he wasn't bothered by Tangleseeker's claims.

"I will handle her." Nightowl immediately requested telepathically, 'Singularity, allow Knight Guard in to double-check. We can't be wasting any more time like this.'

'No, I am not stupid to let myself be near two mentalists. I will handle this on my own.' Singularity rejected his proposal instantly.

'I don't think you are understanding me correctly.' Nightowl changed his tone to a more frigid one, 'You either let him in to handle Landlord, so we can play the damn game, or we will all rush you at once and obliterate you with the white sphere...You choose.'

Upon hearing his threat, Singularity was forced to look around her in wary.

When she noticed that everyone had impatient and antsy expressions, she knew that Nightowl wasn't lying to her one bit.

The only reason the players remained outside of her gravity field was because they believed that she had what it took to deal with Felix. In their eyes, as long as the crown get taken off Felix's head, they were fine with it.

However, now that the situation had developed this far, no one could wait another second.

'Fine!'

In the end, Singularity provided access to Knight Guard within her gravity field.

Just to be safe, she kicked out the useless Tangleseeker, so they wouldn't combine their mental attacks and enslave her.

"Yes...He isn't here." Knight Guard confirmed Tangleseeker's claim the instant the white sphere entered his mental range.

Before anyone could doubt his claim as well, Knight Guard walked to the white sphere and placed his palm on it. Then, he mumured calmly, "Disintegrate..."

Invisible pressuring mental waves emerged from his mind and penetrated the white sphere like it was made out of air.

It did nothing to the sphere, but the golem within? He ended up cracking and breaking into smaller fragments, releasing the entrapped electricity at once.

This happened while the golem was made out of white adamantine!

This was the true prowess of the lowest ranked Hive Queen's Knight Guards!

"The infrared aura is gone..."

"So as the elemental energy..."

"So, we have been chasing no one for the past half an hour...?"

"Oh no...Oh no...Oh no..."

Singularity, Nocturne, Nightowl, and the rest of the players all shared one look...Utter disbelief.

Not one of them thought that Felix could have gotten killed since the white sphere is still active. In addition, Queen AI made no announcement and the crown didn't change owners.

All of this alluded them to finally come to the harsh realization that Felix was truly never within the white sphere!

"Damn, look at their pale faces...Felix is really quite the bully." Elnora sighed, feeling bad for those poor players.

She knew that this was a massive blow to their ego as the notion of having the viewers watch them chasing an empty ball was extremely humiliating!

It was like they were dogs and Felix was the owner controlling the ball, making them work for it under the eyes of their fans!

"LAAANDLOOORD!!! SHOW YOURSELF NOW!!" Nocturne howled with bloodshot eyes as he scanned the entire arena.

His dragon pride made him unable to sit still while knowing that he had just made himself the butt of a joke even as an empyrean ranked player!

Unfortunately, Felix thoroughly ignored his calls and his infrared vision failed to produce any results.

"He must have drank a sensory disabling potion!" Nightowl shouted, "Spread out and dig him out from his hiding place!"

This time, no one spoke back at Nightowl for giving them orders...They were just too pissed off at Felix to bother with each other at the moment!

"Honestly, the best play at the moment for Landlord is to either leave the arena or get rid of the crown to switch the focus from him." Venali commentated as he placed Felix on the big screen.

He could be seen glued to the invisible barrier a few hundred meters in the air, giving him a full view of the entire arena and everyone in it.

If Felix heard Venali's comment, he would wholeheartedly agree with him.

In the past half an hour, he had collected a great sum of points with his cunning tactics...If his opponents wanted to catch up to him, it would be extremely diffuclt even if they picked up the crown right now.

However, Felix could neither leave the arena nor wanted to give up on the crown this early just because he had antagonized everyone.

He rarely cared about titles, but he really wanted this one just to have a small sense of victory over the Elder Dragon after he humiliated him in his castle!

'It's about to get messy.'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix released his electromagnetic grip on the invisible barrier after seeing Nocturne flying in his direction.

In midair, he beamed his crescent battleaxe and coated it with true poison.

The moment he was about to land on the ground, he turned his hair into a big soft tentacle and landed on it.

As silent as a cat, he sprinted in direction of a three-meter giant winterwolf, who was surrounded by small-sized snowstorm, providing him protection from the deconstruction fog.

'Hmmm?'

Although Felix made no noise due to the silencer aura from the potion, the winterwolf predatory instincts still tingled the instant he got too close to him.

"Who's there!" He growled at the darkness of the fog while holding into an epic sword artifact that was emitting chilling air from the blade.

The only response he received was a swift strike from the right side and another from the left by the two axes blades!

"Shit!" The instant he recognized those axe blades, the winterwolf knew that he was against the grim reaper himself!

In a hasty motion, he bent his knees and head, causing the two axes blades to smash against each other, sending sparkles everywhere.

'Huh? Why didn't they produce any sound?'

The winterwolf's first reaction from the ambush was actually confusion at the deafening silence around him.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

He realized that even his snowstorm stopped making noise...It was like everything was put on mute.

"Daring to space out against me?" Felix whispered the moment he appeared behind the winterwolf, who wasn't even given the time to stand up!

"Frigid Spikes!"

Knowing that he had no time to move away, winterwolf released chilling air from his palms before they shaped up instantly into sharp ice spikes emerging from the ground!

Unfortunately, those spikes ended up breaking apart the instant they touched Felix's body, making it seem like they smashed into a concrete wall!

With Felix's void suit as well as his insane new body defenses, it was simply impossible to harm him with such low leveled abrupt abilities!

Without hesitation, Felix grabbed the winterwolf's neck and tightened his grasp until the neck's bones turned into fragments!

The moment the winterwolf sensed Felix's overwhelming and horrific physical strength, he knew that he was merely a split second away from being killed!

'I...Surrender!'

He gave up on the game immediately to save his life. Fortunately, Queen Ai was quick enough to teleport him away before he let out his last breath.

'Phew, good thing that he surrendered.' Felix sighed in relief as he dusted his hands.

If it wasn't for the winterwolf being one of Fenrir's descendants, Felix would have killed him much more efficiently, not allowing him even a split second to comprehend what happened to him.

Obviously, if the winterwolf didn't surrender, Felix would have killed him anyway to avoid having him alert the others about his location.

'Now, I can go all out on the others.' Felix narrowed his eyes dangerously at the nearest players to him and restarted his hunt.

"Looks like Landlord is going after the peak radiant players first to clear out the board." Venali commentated after seeing that Felix avoided The Bishop and went for a player who was much further away.

"This is the smartest decision to make. The five empyreans will put up a hard fight and end up alerting everyone about his location." Selphie supported.

Elnora and the others nodded their heads in agreement as they watched Felix sneaking up on Tangleseeker.

"Why does it look like he targeted her specifically?" Moana titled her head in confusion.

The others were confused as well since Felix had ignored another player near him and went straight for Tangleseeker.

Only the primogenitors knew what was going on as they all glanced in direction of Kumiho, wanting to see her reaction.

Even an idiot would predict that Tangleseeker wouldn't have a nice ending when Felix ambush her with his absolute invisibility.

Yet, Kumiho didn't seem too worried about her champion or the fact that she would lose out three monoliths for free.

In fact, she was smiling charmingly, like she was confident that nothing would happen to her champion.

This didn't sit well with Thor and Felix's masters as they knew that Kumiho was one of the most cunning primogenitors in their circle!

'Make sure to humiliate him properly, my beautiful creation.' Kumiho thought to herself as she eyed Tangleseeker's worried expression, making her resemble a lost sheep in a forest...