Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1050 Tangleseeker's ldentity!

Meanwhile, Felix could be seen fast approaching Tangleseeker from behind...He recognized her unique bone structure.

He wasn't targeting her just because of his master's bet, but also because he felt that she was one of the weakest targets near him.

After all, her mental prowess was much weaker than Knight Guard...Felix had tested his mental defenses against Knight Guard and came out of it unharmed.

When Mentalists have their greatest weapons countered, they became mere sitting ducks!

'I must assassinate her in single swift motion from a distance.' Felix narrowed his eyes in concentration as he tightened his grasp on the crescent battleaxe.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Unlike most players, Mentalists were capable of sensing brainwaves of anyone entering their mental range. Felix knew that Tangleseeker's mental range should be at least half a kilometer.

In other words, he would be found out the instant he stepped inside her mental range since his invisibility potion wasn't capable of blocking his brainwaves.

'This should be enough.'

Immediately after Felix picked the perfect spot, he zoomed in on Tangleseeker, who was seen floating in his direction.

The instant he noticed that the distance was proper, he tightened his muscles and hurled the crescent battleaxe in a straight line!

He used nothing but his barbaric force. Yet, this was enough for the battleaxe to disappear from the camera and appear in front of Tangleseeker's face in the blink of an eye!

THUUUD!!!

However, the noise produced in the collision wasn't as Felix had expected.

'The hell? How?' Felix frowned after seeing that Tangleseeker was thrown far away from the collision while his axe bounced back.

He was certain that his axe should have split Tangleseeker's in half since spirit foxes' defenses were laughable.

That's why he knew that his axe was enough to deal with her without needing to use Railgun rings.

He wasn't the only one taken back.

"Tangleseeker actually survived that?!" Venali's eyes widened in shock as he commentated, "She must have used something!"

Knowing that an external object must be in use made Venali focus the camera on her. As he expected, Tangleseeker's skin could be seen cracking apart like it was made out of wax!

After the process was done, she stood up with shaky feet and a green face like someone had punched the wind out of her lungs.

"This is clearly result of an epic grade scroll! Potions can't provide such an insane shield!" Venali concluded.

He was absolutely correct...Tangleseeker was given this scroll personally by Kumiho to help her out defend herself against Felix.

'Bastard, he really came for me this early.'

Tangleseeker cursed as she looked in direction of the axe...She might not have seen who attacked her or even what attacked her, but she knew that no one was dumb enough to start aiming at other players without reason.

'Here he comes!'

Unfortunately, she wasn't given time to catch her breath as Felix dashed in her direction with a cold-blooded expression.

He had no clue why his axe failed to kill her, and he wasn't planning to waste his time repeating the same attack. Since he was already exposed to her, he might as well take it up close and get it over with quickly.

'Mind Swamp!' Tangleseeker connected her hands together as she cast an invisible but pressuring thick waves around her that squished even the fog!

The instant Felix stepped inside this swamp of mental waves, his speed had taken a big hit so as his balance.

'That's it?!'

However, his mind wasn't as affected as Tangleseeker assumed, making her exclaim in shock.

This attack was supposed to prioritizing crushing his brain and if it didn't achieve that, it would at least give him the nastiest headaches ever, making it impossible for Felix to focus on anything.

But what's going now was nowhere close to that as Felix's cold-blooded expression didn't even change while pushing through the swamp!

"I have to admit that I am a bit taken back by your extraordinary mental defenses." Tangleseeker commentated as she watched Felix stopping at merely ten meters away from her.

This distance might seem like a lot but in the eyes of Felix, it was the same as standing merely an inch away from Tangleseeker.

"If you are going to surrender, do it quickly and stop wasting my time." Felix proclaimed indifferently. He knew that he had already lost his chance to kill Tangleseeker.

She would always say 'I surrender' faster than any attack he threw at her.

"Surrender? You are really thinking too lowly of me." Tangleseeker giggled, "I never thought a day would come when I get underestimated by a human."

Felix knitted his eyebrows at her proclaim, but he wasn't really affected by it that much.

He had done his research on Tangleseeker and understood that his mental defenses were enough to make him fool around with her.

However, Tangleseeker thought otherwise!

"Why do you think I haven't run away or alerted others of your location?" Tangleseeker smiled coldly, "You are the one entrapped with me, not the other way around."

The moment she was done speaking, Tangleseeker's sheepish and shy face was nowhere to be seen.

In fact, her entire body started to change while she was releasing an insane pressuring mental waves! The moment Felix was hit by them, he felt like his brain was being smashed by a sledgehammer!

'Impossible! How did it break through my mental defenses as well as psychic shield?!' Felix couldn't believe it one bit!

In his mind, no one should pose any real mental threat to him in this game! In fact, he was so confident in his mental defenses he understood that only mid ranked empyrean players could cause him troubles!

This didn't make any sense!

"Huh?! How does she have all of them! Don't tell me..." Thor widened his eyes in shock after seeing the final transformation of Tangleseeker.

It was really worthy to be called a transformation as Tangleseeker was turned into a four-meter pink fox with nine glowing fluffy tails on her back.

Her entire body oozed with grace, elegance, and profound charm that would make anyone fall over heels for her even in her fox form!

His reaction was shared by most primogenitors, who turned to look at Kumiho immediately.

"Hehehe, you guessed correct." Kumiho giggled while covering her mouth, "She is my latest secret daughter."

Only now did the primogenitors understood why she was never bothered by whatever Felix did!

They knew that as the biological daughter of a primogenitor, she had inherited most of her qualities!

Just the fact that she possessed nine tails was enough to let them know that it would be extremely diffuclt for Felix to handle her mental attacks any longer.

"Nine tails implies that her mental attacks will be amplified nine times." Erebus sighed, "I feel bad for the kid, but if he wants to leave with his sanity, he better surrender now."

"Nine times, that's should be around mid-empyrean ranked players or even higher." Wendigo smirked, "If she got the crown, this game will end in her favor."

"Not so much." Kumiho disclosed, "She might be my daughter, but her bloodline purity is honestly quite embarrassing. Why do you think I have been hiding her?"

No wonder Kumiho lacked confidence in her daughter to win this game. If she truly received her full bloodline, she would be dominating this game from head to tail!

"Still, it should be enough to handle that cutie." Kumiho smiled coldly as she eyed Felix, who had gotten himself entrapped within a mental attack.

The viewers had no idea what was going on as both Felix and Tangleseeker weren't moving, but in reality, they had already taken their fight inside their minds.

"Are you still not afraid yet?" Tangleseeker asked with bewitching voice as she walked around Felix, who could be seen chained down on a field of beautiful flowers.