Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1052 What Lies Underneath The Fog...

After he saw that she was gone, Felix canceled his golden electricity and sprinted in different direction, knowing that there was too much of a disturbance to go unnoticed by the players.

Sure, most of the noise was canceled out with his silencer aura, but there were many other ways to find out about what happened.

"Next time, your daughter won't meet with a gentle soul like my student." Lady Sphinx remarked calmly as she eyed Kumiho, "Don't let her participate in champions' games again."

"She is right, you know?" Erebus supported with a stern look.

Just the adoptive daughter Selphie had raised a bit of backlash for Lady Yggdrasil when they found out about her...Don't even mention a biological daughter of a primogenitor.

Those games were for entertainment purposes not cause rifts between each other.

Felix didn't want to kill Tangleseeker since he was told by his masters to avoid slaying any of their biological children...Unless, they belonged to the Darkin faction.

That's because primogenitors were having an extremely diffuclt times giving birth to children with their current high body limitations...It wasn't like at the very start of the primogenitors Era.

Felix didn't want to antagonize Kumiho and make her his enemy when he could easily avoid this whole mess.

He already had a handful of primogenitors wanting his head.

"I wouldn't have cared even if he killed her." Kumiho replied indifferently, "She is useless anyway."

"You really are a certified b*tch." Erebus criticized at her coldheartedness.

Primogenitors could be cold and distant to their current descendants since the giant generational gab between them severed any kind of intimate connection they had.

However, the same didn't apply to current biological children.

"Thanks for the compliment." Kumiho winked at him before teleporting away from the council.

She refused to even glance at Lady Sphinx's direction, knowing that she had nothing to say after losing her bet with her.

If her daughter remained within the game until its end, even if she didn't win it, Lady Sphinx would be forced to apologize to Kumiho in public as long as Felix wasn't the champion.

However, now that she was out, even if Felix lost, Lady Sphinx was free from the humiliation.

"Three more victims falls under Landlord's hands!" Venali commentated, "Looks like he is stepping up his assassinations' speed."

Felix was indeed pushed to act faster since the red mist was consuming too much of his water elemental energy.

He was close to reaching critical level, and he didn't want to completely exhaust his water elemental energy this early.

So, he hastened his ambushing speed, not caring anymore about being as stealthy as possible.

Obviously, this was bound to fire back at him.

'Hmm? Why is he moving like that?' Nocturne knitted his eyebrows in confusion after spotting humaniod infrared aura, belonging to a dragon, flying all over the place while breathing multiple fire beams.

'Unless...Landlord!!' It didn't take even a split second before realizing that he must be battling someone, who was hidden from sensory abilities!

Who else but Felix was doing so?!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Nocturne dove within the fog towards the battle while surrounding his entire body in greenish flames!

The instant he was in the firing zone, he opened his mouth widely and breathed fire in the player's direction!

This caused the cold misty droplets to evaporate yet again and clear out a vast area, which exposed both Felix and the player on the ground!

"LAAANDLOORRD!!" Nocturne yelled furiously while eying Felix's indifferent expression.

'Chance!' The black dragonoid's eyes turned frigid all of a sudden the moment he saw Felix's focus getting affected.

He pointed his palm in direction of Felix and fired a condensed black beam of flames!

Not bothering to even glance at the incoming black beam, Felix merely hardened his hand and slapped the beam away, forcefully changing its direction toward Nocturne!

This happened extremely fast, Nocturne wasn't given the time to even comprehend the situation to bother with avoiding the beam!

BOOOOM!!!

It landed directly on his chest, causing a small explosion to arise. However, Nocturne emerged from the explosion without even a scratch on his scales!

As for the corrosion effect? It was burnt off forcefully by his greenish flames field.

"Was that an explosion?" Nightowl's ears perked up from tens of kilometers away after hearing the soft explosion echo.

He was the furthest away from the explosion, yet he heard it...Don't even mention the rest of the players.

"A battle! It must be related Landlord!"

"F*cking finally!"

"Get him!"

Singularity, The Bishop, Knight Guard, and the rest of the players all traveled towards the explosion source at their fastest speed!

Felix naturally had spotted them, making him understand that if he remained here for another second, he would surround real soon.

"What will Landlord do now?" Venali wondered, "He must be running out of tricks by now."Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Before the viewers could start guessing, Felix entered his hypersonic mode and escaped towards the emptiest area of the arena.

"You ain't getting away this time!" Nocturne turned on the jets as well and stayed on Felix's tail...The other black dragon also chased after them, not wanting to waste this opportunity to steal the crown.

Felix knew that Nocturne wouldn't allow him to use the slingshot technique to boost his speed. So, instead of increasing his speed, he decided to slow them down.

'Unstoppable Tide!' Felix activated his third Kraken's ability while facing the two dragons.

Splaash!!

A towering tide emerged from Felix's palms and started building up in height and pressure until it resembled an unstoppable tsunami!

What was unique about it was its green color!

"Useless attempts!" Nocturne snickered as he pushed his way through the tsunami, knowing that he would be delayed if he went over it.

The black dragon did the same as well, confident that water couldn't harm them!

He was right, the water really didn't cause them any trouble...However, the instant they emerged from the other side of the tsunami, their faces were all twisted like their souls were being ripped apart!

'Argh!!!! Bastard!! How is my soul f*cking burning up!' Nocturne cursed with a look filled with anguish. As a green dragon, he had never felt his soul burning up before since they were immune to the effect from their flames!

Unfortunately for him, he didn't possess immunity to the effect from water or any other element! Felix took advantage of their reduced speed and put a substantial distance between them.

However, he wasn't in the clear yet as another player was seen flying in his direction from the front. Felix swiftly manifested five crystallized assault rifles and filled their magazines with true poison bullets.

The moment the player entered his range, Felix threw the assault rifles in the air and caught them with his hair tentacles.

Then? Paw paw paw!!

He fired them continuously like they were real semi-auto rifles, shooting a shower of bullets at the unfortunate player.

The player was non-other than Knight Guard!

With his extraordinary mental prowess, he sensed the bullets the instant they entered his mental range, causing him to manifest a telekinesis barrier around him!

Instead of the true poison bullets hitting the barrier and bouncing away, they actually had their trajectory changed randomly, causing them to head into countless different directions.

When Felix saw this, he knew that no number of bullets will harm Knight Guard. Still, he didn't care and continued firing at him!

His goal was never to kill Knight Guard but just make him busy enough, he wouldn't be able to block him.

His strategy did work as Knight Guard could only watch Felix speeding past him like a lightning bolt without stopping his bullets barrage for even a second.

It wasn't so hard to do so since his tentacles were extremely flexible, allowing him to sprint in a straight line while shouting at a 360degree!

Still, Knight Guard managed to launch one mental attack at Felix after he surpassed him.

'You gotta try harder than that.'

Alas, it wasn't enough to even break apart Felix's Psychic shield...Not all mental attacks were the same.

Just like abilities, the longer preparation and energy was involved, the deadlier the attack would get.

In this case, it was just too soft.

Unaffected by Felix's mental defenses, Knight Guard chased after him with a expressionless look, joining the pack.

Felix stopped firing his bullets and used another tide to delay his chasers. This time, the dragons were forced to go above it as they would rather not get touched by another water drop again!

As for Knight Guard? His telekinesis barrier protected him as he pierced through the tsunami.

"Looks like Landlord is at his wits end!" Venali commentated, "I doubt he has enough energy to keep going at this pace for the next two hours. Now that his location has been exposed, he better believe that he wouldn't be given another second of spare time!"

"But it doesn't really matter! He had given us an astonishing run and even if the crown was stolen from him, there is a high chance of him emerging victorious at the end of the game!"

Unbeknownst to Venali and the viewers, Felix had no intentions of giving away the crown. He was most defintely not done yet!

'It's time to clear the arena.' Felix eyed the fog and the fourteen players behind him before murmuring, 'Cancel...'

The moment he did so, the red mist started to disintegrate into light particles throughout the entire arena.

In less than a few seconds, the arena was finally exposed and everyone on it under the brilliant rays of sun!

However, not a single player seemed too happy about any of this as the first thing that came in their minds was the abysmal numbers of the players!

'What the hell happened to everyone?' Singularity remarked with widened eyes as she looked at what remained of the players.

Thirty players entered the arena, only fifteen of them remained...Not even one hour had gone by.

This was just too spooky and made all the players feel their blood turn cold!