Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1053 The Crystal Fortress!

'Don't tell me Landlord has taken down those players...' Nightowl's expression turned grim at the mere thought.

While they were looking for him, he was hunting them one by one, reducing their numbers while at the same time farming even more points!

'If he truly got ridden of half of the players' population, then his points total should be much higher than we anticipated.' Nightowl cursed as he spoke to everyone, 'We have to get the crown from his head as fast as possible if we still want to be in this game.'

Nocturne and the other two royal dragons growled at the sound of joining their forces to handle a single player.

As for Singularity, The Bishop, and the rest? They weren't so against it anymore.

If it were another game, they probably wouldn't have considered working together even if it meant losing the game.

But this was the promotion game.

In other words, if the peak radiant players lost, they would have to wait an entire year to try again. It was even worse for the empyrean players since their rank would be in jeopardy.

If Felix won, he would obtain the rank of the highest empyrean player he had defeated in his promotion game.

When the empyrean loses? The one with the lowest performance would get demoted back to radiant.

There was no way those five empyreans would allow themselves to get put in that position in the first place.

'No contracts are required, just don't f*cking hit each other and focus only on Landlord until we get the crown back.' Singularity sent a message to confirm her participation.

Everyone nodded in agreement and continued their chase...Sure trusting each other wasn't as reliable as a contract, but this was a promotion game to empyrean rank.

Everyone here weighed their words as gold as they see their reputation to be above all.

"It looks like some sort of shift have happened." Asna commented as she ate popcorn while watching the stream in the UVR with the rest of the tenants, who didn't go to the council.

"Based on their slightly less tensed expressions while near each other, they must have agreed to a partnership." Carbuncle guessed.

Everyone else agreed with his statement.

The viewers weren't capable of seeing as much, making them still under the assumption that everyone was on his own.

"Oho? Felix is already going to be pulling the big guns."

Asna's eyes brightened up a bit after noticing that Felix started building a gigantic fortress at northern edge of the arena.

It wasn't a overstatement to call it a fortress...

Eight thick, square towers surround the fortress...They reached twice the height of the walls and were connected by lower, firm walls made of white adamantine gemstones.

Tall open windows were scattered here and there across the adamantine walls in an asymmetric pattern, along with crenelations that were usually used for archers and cannons.

But in this case? Those holes all had assault rifles peeking from them!

Those assault rifles were being held by hundreds of humaniod golems with eyes burning up, a mark of intelligence.

This wasn't all!

Each of the eight towers had four real Railguns, facing different directions...All of them were being operated by two sentient humaniod golems as well.

One responsible over loading the giant bullets and the other was big enough, he could push the Railguns around to change their aim.

In this fortress, there was no gate at the bottom. However, the entire bottom half was enhanced by another layer of orange Olivsling gemstone!

Naturally, it was boosted by the mental affecting sacred attribute.

Because the fortress was enormous, and it was facing the sun, the orange walls were reflecting light everywhere!

In other words, if any player dared to look straight into the light, his mind would be under constant mental attacks!

As for creator of all of this? He could be seen sitting in a mediation position with his eyes closed shut within the castle.

"What is your boy up to now?" Erebus wondered as he eyed Thor, "I'm not very knowledgeable about your lightning abilities, but I am certain that it shouldn't be easy for him to control thousands of electrical rings simultaneously."

This was the first thing that popped off in the minds of all viewers at the sight of this fortified fortress.

After all, Felix had to manually fire off the bullets by controlling the electromagnetic waves of the Railgun rings.

In their eyes, no matter how monstrous he was, it should be impossible for him to manually control thousands of them.

"You are right. He isn't at that level yet, but..." Thor smirked faintly as he stared at Felix's hair turning into a glowing twenty tentacles, "He has an ability that makes it possible."

"Hmm?"

Erebus and the rest of the primogenitors raised an eyebrow in surprise after seeing that those tentacles had attached themselves with twenty humaniod golems that resembled Felix greatly!

Just like robots gaining life, those clones all showed different expressions as they sprinted towards twenty platforms that were built between them and the fortress' walls.

Each one of them seemed to have a separate control over an area of the fortress as they kept making gestures with their hands at the other golems, who were operating the weapons.

What shocked the viewers to the core was the fact that those golems actually understood their orders and acted on them!

"Don't tell me..." Siren eyed Thor as she exclaimed, "He has inherited that advanced ability of the Kraken?"

Upon hearing so, the Darkin faction's members expression turned ugly all of a sudden.

"One Soul, Many Lives...I really never expected to see this ability surface again." Aspidochelone smiled with a look of reminisce.

"I should have guessed it right away." Erebus facepalmed, "I completely forgot that your boy can unlock all types of abilities from the Kraken."

If this ability was the Kraken's ultimate ability, they would have guessed it right away.

However, it was just an advanced ability just like Thor's lightning transmutation, parasite discharge...etc.

Though, it was more special and believed to be almost on the ranks of an ultimate ability.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

That's because it allowed the owner to split his consciousness into many wisps! Each had their own thought process and freedom to do anything they wanted.

Sounds familiar?

That's right, this was the original ability that enabled primogenitors to split their consciousness into many wisps!!!

The founder was none other than the Great Kraken!

Unlike other primogenitors, his main researcher focus was on the souls.

This enabled him to have a great reach in this field compared to his peers and create the ability to split the consciousness!

He was the one who spread this ability to his peers and allowed anyone to learn it if they were capable of mastering it.

Even though the Great Kraken had died, no one managed to reach the same level as him in this ability!

"Oh dear, so this is the end result of combining it with Carbuncle's ultimate ability?" Cherufe remarked, "How is this any fair to our champions?"

Unlike the confused viewers, all the primogenitors managed to guess how Felix intended to pull off controlling all of those guns at once.

He used one soul, ten thousand lives ability to split his consciousness into twenty wisps.

Then, he bestowed life upon all of his golems and picked twenty of them.

By connecting those twenty clones with his tentacles, it allowed him to hijack their consciousness and replace them with his own wisps!

In other words, even though his eyes were closed shut, he was seeing the entire arena through the eyes of those clones.

'Here they come.' Felix thought to himself as he observed the players halting a couple of kilometers away from the fortress.

'What's up with those weapons?' Nightowl frowned, 'Isn't there a bit too much?'

'Most of them must be useless decoys to scare us off.' Singularity reasoned, 'There is no way in hell, he can control such a massive army.'

'That should be it.' The Bishop agreed with her assessment.

'Alright, let's attack at once and his plan will be thrown down the gutter.'

Everyone smiled coldly at the sound of that and prepared their barriers and shields.

'Attack!'

The moment the order was given, all of them charged in direction of the fortress while having their offensive abilities active!

Nocturne and the other dragons prepared a shower of flaming balls from the sky.

The Bishop manifested a humongous boulder and placed it on top of his shell, planning to hurl it at the right distance.

Nightowl manifested countless condensed energy bombs around his body as he sprinted in the air.

"Landlord is in big trouble! He is about to suffer from the bombardment of a lifetime!"

The instant Venali finished speaking, everyone had already started firing their orbs, bombs, spears, boulders, and whatever projectiles anyone could think of!

The entire sky was hidden from this rain of projectiles that was targeting none other than the fortress.

Yet, not a single ounce of worry was shown on the faces of Felix's golems...They merely stared at the incoming shower with indifferent looks, waiting patiently for Felix's orders.

'Three...Two...One...' Felix commanded in in his mind calmly, 'Artillery squad...Fire.'

BOOM BOOM BOOM...!

Just like the 4th of July fireworks, the entire sky was lit up with bright explosions and a never seen destruction before, causing both the players and the viewers to have their eyes widened to limit in disbelief.

Who could blame them?

Thirty-two real Railguns fired explosive blasts in the sky, destroying absolutely any kind of ability thrown at the fortress!

The rain of fireballs was extinguished, and even the humongous boulder was turned into smaller fragments...Nothing survived from that many Railgun's blasts fired at the same time!

"Dear mother tree...How is this even conceivable? The assault rifles weren't even used to completely negate their combined assault!"

Venali gulped a mouthful as displayed the camera on the smokes emerging from those Railguns and the golems reloading them again.

It was like they were stating that as long as we stand, nothing was getting close to their fortress!