Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1054 The Final Battle of Champions! l

'This isn't going as well as we have expected.' Nightowl was forced to halt in the air, not daring to get too close to the fortress.

The rest of the players did the same.

'How can he control so many Railguns at the same time? This doesn't make any sense.' SoulCutter frowned as he eyed the Railguns and assault rifles' barrels targeting them...He was Jorōgumo's champion and one of the remaining peak radiant players.

'It's Landlord, we should always expect the unexpected.' The Bishop shared, 'Let's just continue our rush while keeping in mind that he can control every golem.'

The Bishop wasn't fazed in the slightest by the prowess of Felix's army as he trusted in his thick skin and shell to protect him against any kind of bullet.

'Each on his own!' Singularity proclaimed before charging again in direction of the fortress.

Everyone looked at each other for a brief moment before following her with their defenses fully erected!

They might be working together, but it didn't mean that they would defend or save each other.

'A bit closer...A bit more...' Felix narrowed his eyes at the players, patiently waiting for them to enter the perfect firing range.

It was none other than the range where his Olivsling's wall was most affective!

With their speed, it didn't take them long.

"What's going on?!" Venali exclaimed in shock as he eyed most peak radiant players falling into the ground with lost expressions, leaving only the empyrean players!

"F*ck! It's the light reflected from the orange wall! Don't look at it!" Singularity shouted while covering her eyes.

Although the metal attack didn't put her in a hallucination world like the other peak radiant players, it was still constantly bashing her mental defenses.

This made it hard for her to focus on her assault.

The only one unaffected by the Olivsling wall was Knight Guard as he continued his charge with deadpan expression.

'Fire all!'

BOOM BOOM! SZLZLZLZLZ!!

Before the players could escape from the hallucination world, the Railguns and assault rifles all rained down on them with different bullets!

Some unfortunate players got their armors penetrated by true poison bullets, grazing them slightly. If poison wasn't involved, this wouldn't have been a problem.

Alas...Every one of them ended up suffering the horrible effects of the poison, causing them to turn into shriveled corpses on the ground!

Some ended up having an explosive Railgun red bullets landed near them, which heavily injured them and left them bleeding profusely.

Some were unlucky to find themselves captured within a small version of a green lightning storm, which paralyzed them and burned their souls simultaneously!

The only players, who survived from this attack, were the remaining champions!

"I can't believe this! Eight players had been removed from the equation before even touching the crystal fortress walls!"

The viewers joined him with passionate cheers at the sight of players' army getting bombarded to Narnia.

Because they were under the hallucination effect, they had lost all of their elemental defensive abilities on them, leaving them completely naked to bullets salvo!

The surviving empyreans and champions merely cursed them off for being useless baggage and left them behind to their evitable death.

'Destroy the orange wall!'

'Leave it to me.' Knight Guard replied calmly as he aimed a finger at the Olivsling wall...Then, there was no wall to speak off any longer.

The Olivsling wall was broken into smaller crystals with a single invisible telekinesis wave! The instant it fell apart, the players were freed from their hallucinations.

Alas, it was already too late as the majority were either dead or too injured to avoid the incoming bullets.

'I sur...surender!'

'Get..me..out..Queen!'

'I give up!!'

Still, there were a few lucky ones, who managed to teleport themselves the instant they realized that their life would be doomed if they remained another split second.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

This left only seven players behind...All of them were primogenitors' champions.

"Destroy the fortress!"

Singularity connected her hands together, making her create a reverse gravity field around her.

This caused all the bullets fired in her direction to halt in their path and get sent back towards the golems and the towers!

Bam Bam Bam!

Golems started getting smashed away from their positions by those bullets...They were tough enough to survive getting destroyed, but they were hopeless against the force!

Yet, the worst hit wasn't even this as Felix's clones also suffered from Singularity's counter-attack, making them abandon their posts.

When that happen, their squads were turned useless as the bullets couldn't be fired without the electrical rings being operated.

This ended up reducing the pressure on those champions, making them get even more aggressive in their counter-attack!

It had gotten so bad, Nightowl managed to penetrate the crystal fortress on his own and started breaking apart the Railguns in the towers.

With those bad boys gone, the crystal fortress was turned into a free real estate for anyone to penetrate.

'Hmm, so that's why?' Knight Guard mumured in his mind after sensing consciousness waves being released from the clones.

'This should do it.' Knight Guard snapped his finger casually, causing all the clones to turn into lifeless crystal statues!

He used his overbearing mind to completely crush the defenseless wisps of Felix's consciousness!

'That hurt a bit...'

Felix was forced to open his eyes while his nose was bleeding after losing more than twenty wisps of his consciousness at the same time.

He anticipated this much to happen, but he didn't expect for Knight Guard to be this quick and brutal in his counter-attack, not allowing him even a second to recall his wisps.

Though, it didn't matter much to him since this was merely the UVR and his consciousness would become whole again after the game.

'The only bad news is that I can't use them again in this game.' Felix cleaned his nose with his sleeve while standing up.

"What kind of tricks and tactics is Landlord still hiding under his sleeves?" Venali commentated as he watched the heart of the crystal fortress getting bombarded.

Felix was hidden within the heart and surrounded by those seven champions.

Even the viewers started believing that Felix was preparing another tactic for this...Who could blame them? Felix simply seemed to never run out of tricks and strategies.

Unbeknownst to them, Felix had nothing unique to offer anymore.

He beamed his crescent battleaxe and placed it on his shoulder...Then, he covered it with greenish electricity.

Tricks? Tactics? Felix merely used them to reduce the numbers of players while being on the safe side.

This didn't mean that he would be utterly hopless without them.

Felix turned his hair into four tentacles and placed them on the ground, lifting him up akin to Dr.Octopus from Spider-Man.

Then, he tightened his grasp on the crescent battleaxe and narrowed his eyes dangerously at Knight Guard, who was floating above the crystal fortress.

'Let's start with you.'