Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1055 The Final Battle of Champions! ll

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix bent his tentacles to the limits and propelled himself towards the crystal ceiling!

The instant he was about to smash his head with the ceiling, it broke into light particles.

Whoosh!!

Felix emerged from the crystal fortress akin to a rocket, catching everyone's by surprise!

The instant he appeared before Knight Guard, he swung his electrical crescent battleaxe as hard as he could!

Vvvvvrrrr!!!

Just like it was caught by an invisible arm, the crescent battleaxe was twisted in a weird way between it and Knight Guard.

This was the work of the invisible telekineses' barrier!

"You thought!" Felix shouted loudly as he tripled his size, which enhanced his physical force by a considerable amount!

This worked quite well as the axe kept edging towards Knight Guard's neck faster than before.

Everyone knew that the instant the battleaxe touches Knight Guard's neck, it would be separated instantly...Their physical defenses were just as laughable as Spirit Foxes.

"Not under my watch!"

Unfortunately, The other champions weren't planning to let Felix have free rein in fighting them as Nightowl sent a giant transparent condensed fist made out of energy in his direction!

It smashed against Felix's body and sent him flying away!

"You finally fell under my clutches!" Singularity laughed sinisterly above Felix and sent a palm to the ground!

No one saw anything...However, Felix felt a hundred times the pressure of gravity on his shoulders, causing him to get launched into the ground rapidly!

BOOOM!!

The moment he smashed into the hard arena floor, Singularity fired a series of gravity palms at Felix, causing him to get buried a few meters deep under.

"Leave the rest to me." Nocturne proclaimed as he took a deep breath and fired another condensed beam at the burial hole!

The other dragon joined him in firing his own condensed beam, causing the hole to start emitting smoke like they were barbecuing a pig.

"I will handle it from here." The Bishop slapped his fat webbed foot on the ground, causing the hole to start closing while Felix was still inside!

The moment he finished, everyone eyed the ground silently, waiting for Queen Ai's announcement that the crown was taken away or any kind feedback that their efforts worked.

Unfortunately, the feedback they received didn't please them one bit.

'He is still alive.' Knight Guard disclosed calmly as he looked at Felix's strong brainwaves.

'Then, let's bury him even deeper!' Soulcutter said.

They knew that it wasn't necessary to kill Felix to remove the crown from him.

They could just force him to remain underground for half a minute, and he would be kicked out of the arena for breaking the rules.

Singularity placed one palm above the other and pushed down while shouting, "Gravity Level X1000!!"

With gravity reaching this level, the air started to turn wavy so as the sun rays!

If even the air and light was affected, there was no way Felix would be able to push through it and escape from the ground!

To completely get rid of any hope for Felix, Nightowl, The Bishop, and Soulcutter joined the efforts.

"Twenty more seconds and Landlord would lose out the crown!" Venali yelled at the mic, "Is this finally it for Landlord's ownership of the crown?!"

"It's about damn time." Saurous scoffed in irritation.

He would have preferred Felix dying, but he knew that would take an insane amount of effort even when all of their champions combined their forces against him.

Removing the crown first was priority as their champions could finally start collecting points and join the race.

Rumble Rumble!!

Abruptly, everyone was forced to lift their heads and look above them after the sky started rumbling thunderously.

What they saw made their expression turn a bit ugly as it was hidden behind a giant dark thundercloud!

What was unique about it was the lightning bolts having multiple colors!

Before this could register in their minds, the sky started raining down with hundreds of thick lightning bolts, smashing everything within a one-kilometer radius around the burial zone!

'Argh!!!!' Singularity couldn't help but groan in agony after a green lightning bolt landed directly on her body!

The electricity did nothing much to her, but the soul burning effect made her unable to stay still under this storm!

The same applied to the rest of the players!

Even The Bishop had a grim expression as he tried his best to take cover under an umbrella made out of rocks.

'Why the f*ck does his elemental attacks burn our souls!' Nocturne cursed with a confused and pissed off expression.

He went through the same pain earlier after getting hit by the tsunami, making him assume that his water was special.

But, only now did he understand that all of Felix's elements were too abnormal!

Even the primogenitors were a bit curious about the different attributes on Felix's elements.

However, they didn't ask, knowing that it had to do with Lady Sphinx's experiments. They understood that she wouldn't entertain their question.

BOOOM!!

While the players were defending themselves from the thunderstorm, Felix dug himself through the blockage and escaped the area, where the gravity was most disoriented.

Only then did he drill himself to the surface.

The moment he escaped, he found that Knight Guard was waiting for him since he was the only one capable of tracking him through his brainwaves.

"Sleep..." Knight Guard mumured with an enticing voice that assaulted Felix's ears.

"Too weak." Felix remarked coldly as he jumped towards Knight Guard, not feeling even a bit sleepy after getting hit by his mental attack.

"Defend against this." FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Felix swung his crescent axe a few meters away from Knight Guard's barrier.

A thick blade of blue electrical discharges was released from the axe and landed directly on Knight Guard.

The telekinesis barrier did a great job distorting most of the electrical discharges. Too bad, the rest was just too fast and slippery to be blocked as well.

Szlzlzlz!!

"A direct hit!"

Venali exclaimed as he watched Knight Guard's killer bee body being covered entirely in blue electrical discharges.

What startled the viewers was the fact that both smoke and chilling air was released from his body!

This uncomfortable feeling of being shocked as well as chilled made it hard for Knight Guard to focus on his barrier!

Felix planned for this result...He didn't hesitate to spin around himself while turning his battleaxe into two blades connected with long vines.

He took advantage of their length to attach themselves with Knight guard, holding him like they were ropes.

This wasn't enough as Felix used his tentacles to hold him as well and tightened their grasp on his wings specifically, making him unable to fly.

"Landlord!!" Nightowl attempted to save Knight Guard again by assaulting Felix with another fist made out of neutral energy.

But, Felix wasn't known to be fooled twice in a row!

"Thank you!" He proclaimed with a faint smirk as he swung Knight Guard in direction of the energy fist, causing him to get struck by it directly!

Pspspspsps!!

Knight Guard wasn't like Felix...He ended up bleeding internally immediately after the collision!

Naturally, the force was strong enough it sent both Felix and Knight Guard away from the pack and the thunderstorm.

"It's time for you to make an early exit."

Felix's evil smile was reflected on Knight Guard's five eyes, making him understand that he wasn't going to survive what was about to come.

'I surrender.' He announced without a change of expression, causing his body to get disintegrated into light particles!

He really made the right decision as the moment he disappeared, Felix's tentacles and his green vines were all covered in red electrical arks!

A moment later, and he would have turned into fine dust!

"Knight Guard is out! Knight Guard is actually the first to get kicked out!!" Venali cried out loud in shock.

His reaction was shared by most viewers as they knew that Knight Guard possessed the highest empyrean rank in this game!

Unlike the others, he was ranked as 477!

"Damn your little brat." Siren expressed with a frustrated look after her second champion got eliminated.

Now, she was officially out of the bet, and it was all caused by Felix alone.

"Don't be too saddened, the others will join you soon." Thor smirked as he watched Felix charging towards the Bishop proactively.

"The fun is just starting."