1056 The Final Battle of The Champions ! lll

Just as Felix was about to hurl his crescent battleaxe at The Bishop, an army of spiders rushed him from every direction...They were all made out of hardened white silk.

"WEB HIM!" SoulCutter ordered loudly as he surfed on top of the spiders' army.

Phew Phew Phew...

The thousands of spiders all spewed long lines of wet silk in direction of Felix, covering the entire sky above him!

"Vermilion Electrical Field!"

Felix countered this attack by engulfing the surrounding area with a vermilion field of lightning tongues!

Most viewers assumed that the silk strings would get burnt off the instant they enter the field...But, they couldn't be any more wrong!

"They broke through the field safely! As expected of Soulcutter's unique all elemental resistant silk!" Venali commentated loudly as he watched Felix being forced to avoid the shower of silky strings!

'Damn it, it can even resist against such a potent field?' Felix cursed as he covered himself with an armor made out of white adamantine, knowing that he would get caught eventually by them.

He did his researcher and read that Soulcutter's strings were highly resistant to all elements...Only a few pure-blooded Spider Kin inherit this astonishing trait for their silk.

If it wasn't for it, Soulcutter had no place in contesting for a promotion.

But, Felix had tested it out in his practice runs and understood that his field's potency should be more than enough to deal with mere strings.

"You think I am that foolish to not prepare against your preparation?" SoulCutter smirked as he waved an empty weirdly shaped potion in Felix's face.

'No wonder!' The instant Felix saw the potion, he immediately figured out why his calculations weren't precise!

"I believe that's a rank five potion, Elemental Amplification! It provides the consumer with fifteen minutes of insane amplification to all of his elemental abilities!" Venali exposed after running the bottle with the database.

"Now die!" SoulCutter slapped his hands together, causing all of his spiders to jump on Felix and start exploding into a gooey silky substance!

The amount was crazy and to make matters worse, Felix knew that he wouldn't be able to cut it apart with his battleaxe!

His silk was just too wet and flexible, making it impossible for any hard surface to touch it, no matter how much strength was applied!

The electrical field had been utterly extinguished like fire camp having a bucket of water pouring on it at once!

"Good Work, Cutter!" Nightowl praised as he eyed the emerging cocoon that covered Felix entirely!

"Kill him before he escapes from underground!" Nocturne shouted as he prepared to dive at the cocoon with his claws ready for slaughter.

"I have already taken care of the underground." SoulCutter stopped him, "Just help me make sure that he won't leave the cocoon."

As he mentioned, the chaotic pool of silk was already turned into a perfected cocoon that enclosed on Felix from all areas...Even the ground!

"This is bad..." Selphie bit her lips nervously as she watched some champions cast their pressuring abilities to lock down on Felix.

"Spider Kin's silk is extremely tough to break. Don't even mention Soulcutter's silk that was amplified by a potion." Baron frowned, "Felix might be in trouble this time."

During the primogenitors' event, Red Mercy was forced to cast a nuke near his face to free himself from the spider kin's cocoon!

So, it shouldn't really be underestimated.

"Hammer of Pureness!"

"Soil Grave!"

To make matters worse for Felix, the other champions used their own abilities to make sure that he wouldn't wiggle even a little within the cocoon.

Singularity didn't cast this time since she knew that her gravity would ruin her teammates' abilities as well.

"Will Landlord cast another thundercloud to save him? It looks like they are already prepared agains..."

Before Venali could finish his sentence, he was surprised to see hundreds of pointy sharp crystals peek from the ceiling of the cocoon!

Then...BOOM!!

The cocoon ruptured into tiny pieces and was followed by the explosion of the hardened grave!

Felix emerged in the open as a giant while covered completely with long thin and sharp crystals, making him resemble a porcupine!

"Smart, silk might be extremely diffuclt to penetrate from one spot due to its flexibility, but if it was attacked by thousands of pointy objects at once, its flexibility will be subjugated." Siren nodded.

That's precisely what Felix did.

He might have been caught off guard by the amplification potion, but he also prepared a way to free himself if he ever got caught by SoulCutter!

Whoosh!

Not giving time for the champions to react, Felix swung a punch at Nocturne, who was flying right beside him!

Unfortunately, Nocturne managed to evade it effortlessly because of the size difference, making Felix's fist seem to be moving in slow motion.

It was a like a human trying to punch a fly.

'You went exactly where I wanted you.' Felix smirked in his mind as he opened his fists wide and launched gigantic green lightning bolts at Nocturne from his fingers!

Lightning bolts speed wasn't affected in the slightest even if its size was increased, causing Nocturne to get hit by most of them directly!

Felix's punches weren't for show as he threw them to force Nocturne into the perfect striking area, which was between his ten fingers!Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Szlzlzlzlzl! ROAAR!!!!

Nocturne roared loudly in agony as he kept twitching in the sky, incapable of even moving an inch.

His body might not be in pain, but his soul was on the verge of collapse after getting burned three times in a row!

All three hits to his souls in this game didn't heal properly since souls took an extremely long time to recover unlike flesh wounds.

This caused them to build up on each other until this very moment, where he could feel his soul barrier cracking and about to explode at any given second!

'I surrender! I surrender!!' As a proud dragon as he was, he still didn't hesitate to surrender to save himself from receiving the worst kind of death in the universe.

Soul Destruction!

Even the most proud dragon would never deny himself from the chance of either rebirth or visiting the spirit realm after his death.

Queen killing the consciousness had nothing to do with soul getting completely extinguished from existence.

"ANOTHER EMPYREAN IS DOWN!!" Venali shouted excitedly as he displayed the ugly expressions of the remaining champions.

They were seven champions and five of them were empyreans...Yet, their numbers were being reduced one by one against a single player!

Even if it was against the monstrous Felix, this was still too humiliating for them.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH!!

"Darksoul! Watch out!"

Nightowl warned loudly after seeing Felix's hair tentacles speeding towards the black humaniod dragon akin to Octopus's tentacles seeking their prey.

Thanks to the warning, Darksoul managed evade them in time and even counter-attack by shooting giant flaming snakes at Felix.

Because of his towering size, Felix didn't even bother to evade them...He elbowed one and punched the other, causing them to explode into black flames that covered his arms.

Felix might be fine against the heat, but the corrosion attribute did manage to start eating his skin rapidly...Especially, when he had to remove his void suit since it couldn't cover his entire giant body

As they say, Fire fight fire.

To get rid of the corrosion, Felix covered his arm in white electricity that possessed healing sacred attribute...This helped remove the flames from his arm while at the same time healing his skin!

"What the hell! How can we even harm this f*cker!" SoulCutter cursed in frustration at the sight of Felix's brand-new arms.

"He isn't a god." Nightowl replied calmly as he manifested a long sword made completely out of condensed neutral energy.

Usually, neutral energy was transparent while leaning slightly to white.

But, this sword was almost milky white, which entailed that the amount of neutral energy packed within it was insane.

Pow Pow Pow!...

With a mere three steps in air, Nightowl appeared in Felix's face and swung that giant milky white sword at his neck!

Felix pulled back his neck, evading the swift slice reflexively. Then, he counter-attacked by assaulting Nightowl with his tentacles from four directions!

"Cute attempt..." Nightowl narrowed his eyes and spun around himself the instant the tentacles were about to collide with him!

Slice sLice slice slice...

Just like a sushi chef, the heads of the tentacles were all cut evenly by his angelic sword and started falling into the ground.

Argh!!!

Felix cried out loud in agony while shaking the sliced tentacles around, seeming like he truly suffered from massive damage.

Nightowl took advantage of this and threw his white sword at Felix's heart area as hard as he could!

Psspspsps!!

The sword penetrated Felix's chest and landed directly on his human heart!

Nightowl wasn't done yet as he brought his hands together and shouted, "Explode!"

BOOOM!!

The white sword exploded akin to a swallowed hand grenade within Felix's chest, leaving behind a giant hole that showcased bloody mess for the viewers and the players!

The explosion was deadly enough all three hearts were taken out instantly, making everyone too stunned to speak.

Was this it? Did he actually die in this manner? How did things lead to here? Questions like those coursed on the viewers' minds, refusing to believe that Felix's end would be this underwhelming.

Unfortunately, the reality before them was quite bitter as everyone knew that even if Felix was a god, he wouldn't survive without a heart.

"I told you, he isn't a god." Nightowl smiled coldly as he watched Felix fall down on his knees while bleeding everywhere, resembling a fallen Titan.

Let's finish him." Nightowl ordered as he started creating a giant transparent sphere, planning to blow Felix's head up.

Singularity, SoulCutter, The Bishop, and Darksoul all joined him in creating their strongest offensive strike, not daring to go soft against Felix even in this condition.

While everyone was holding their breaths and had their eyes affixed on the execution, no one noticed the four separated tentacles twitching on the ground...