Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1057 The Final Battle of The Champions lV

"Fire!!"

The moment everyone finished their preparation, they launched their attacks simultaneously at Felix's head!

Before they could feel relieved at the notion of getting rid of Felix, a faint sinister smirk emerged on his face.

Immediately after seeing it, their hearts skipped a beat.

Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh...

Unfortunately, just as they wanted to raise their guards to the maximum, their backs were assaulted in the blink of an eye by the four separated tentacles!

The tentacles didn't bash them, but separated into tens of smaller ones and rolled around their bodies until they were incapable of moving an inch!

Only The Bishop wasn't attacked by them due to his immense size.

"Break!" Nightowl and the rest swiftly attempted to escape from the tentacles clutches, believing that they could easily overpower them.

Sadly, the tentacles still hadn't finished their job.

Szzlzlzlzlz!!!

Each tentacle start releasing an insane amount of green electrical discharges nonstop, causing even the toughest of them to start screaming out loud in agony.

Their strength was instantly sapped from them after their souls were targeted, making them unable to escape from the tentacles' clutches!

They couldn't even use their abilities since their focus was all over the place from the soul pain.

The Bishop was left shocked to the core by the sight of his teammates all fallen into the ground while twitching with foam in their mouths.

"HOLD ON!"

Naturally, he knew that he had to save them as there was no way he could take care of Felix on his own.

"Where do you think you're going?"

Too bad, Felix wasn't going to let him ruin his strategy after he went through so much to pull it off.

Unbeknownst to the players and the viewers, Felix allowed himself to have his tentacles separated as well as eat the sword attack in his hearts.

He could have easily avoided them by either shrinking or shielding himself with white adamantine. But, he knew that if those champions weren't baited to let down their guards even slightly, this battle was going to last for hours if not more.

It might even end up forcing him to exit the arena and lose the primogenitors' bet.

"How did you even survive, you unkillable cockroach!" The Bishop shouted angrily at Felix, who was standing in front of him with his normal size.

He was covered entirely in pure white electrical discharges, helping him restore his hearts and close his chest wounds.

"You're not worthy to know." Felix replied calmly as he manifested four golems with crystal white swords that were filled to the brim with purplish liquid.

Then, he bestowed life upon them and sent them towards the Nightowl and the others to finish them off!

Honestly, he didn't even need to do so as those champions started to give up on the game one by one when they realized that their soul barriers were on the verge of explosion!

None of them dared to risk having such a death!

This what made Felix's green lightning extremely deadly and hard to handle.

In the case of green flames, they could easily be dodged since they were slow...But lightning? Most players wouldn't even know what hit them before they find themselves in deep agony!

"DEAR MOTHER TREE!! HOW DID THINGS END UP LIKE THIS!!" Venali almost lost his shit when he saw that only Felix and The Bishop remained in the arena!

WHOOOOOOAH!!!

Meanwhile, the viewers went absolutely bonkers as they kept screaming with reddened cheeks and smoke escaping from their ears.

The heat within them was too much, they needed to vent somehow!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Even the primogenitors were left shocked speechless by this turn of events.

"How did he not die even after his entire chest got blown out?!" Saurous gritted his teeth in anger as he stared at Lady Sphinx, "Is he even a human anymore or a monster born from your wicked experiments!"

The primogenitors could excuse Felix's ability to control separated tentacles as they knew that Kraken's tentacles behaved that way, but not this.

It seemed that no one bothered to consider that Felix might have inherited Kraken's internal system. It was quite normal as it was an impossibility in their eyes.

Siren, Cherufe, Jorōgumo, and even Aspidochelone started believing that Felix was no longer a human after his latest performance.

"Monstrous physical strength, mental defenses capable of making a joke of even Knight Guard and Kumiho's daughter, three limited manipulations, peculiar elemental attributes, and now even an undying body?" Siren smiled wryly, "I would be a fool to believe that your boy is still a human."

Everyone nodded in support...Their guess wasn't too farfetched as Felix barely counted as a third of a human after all the experiments he went through.

Still, Lady Sphinx refused to comment and merely pointed at the stream, "Keep watching, the game isn't over yet."

As she said, The Bishop had no intentions of giving up without putting a decent fight.

He slammed his feet on the ground and turned it into a muddy area after seeing Felix rushing in his direction. Felix jumped in the air, avoiding the mud, but The Bishop predicted as much.

"Soil Spears!" He shouted as he manipulated the mud to start firing hundreds of sticky spears in direction of Felix.

Felix used a circular crystal shield to block the muddy spears. However, he wasn't capable of doing so for long as the mud on his shield was broke into slithering snakes and went up his arms! Then, they hardened, making it diffuclt to control the shield anymore.

As for The Bishop? He pulled back his limbs inside his shell and swiftly slid away on the mud, clearly wanting to annoy Felix as much as possible.

Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh!

He wasn't just escaping for the sake of running away, he kept moving around Felix rapidly in a giant circle while firing hundreds of soil projectiles from every direction.

"You really are a pain in the ass." Felix cursed as he kept avoiding the projectiles and smashing others with his tentacles.

The fact that he was standing on the mud didn't make it any easier as The Bishop was constantly trying to take hold of his legs.

If only he still had his wings, this fight would have ended in a jiffy.

"The Bishop might have slim chances of winning this, but if Landlord makes any mistakes, he might get punished heavily for it!" Venali commentated.

Before the viewers could discuss his analysis, they were startled to see Felix spewing a flood of blue water around him! The purplish water merged with the mud and turned it more liquified.

This was enough to turn any mud-based ability useless since it lost its sticky effect and made it much harder for The Bishop to toughen it.

Felix wasn't done yet...Because it was turned into watered mud now, he was capable of walking on it!

Whoosh!

Felix sprinted akin to the wind in direction of The Bishop. The instant he was near him, he jumped in the air and pointed his palm in direction of the water!

"Unstoppable Tide!" The small muddy lagoon was turned into a layered towering brown tsunami while rushing towards The Bishop!

"Unbreakable Wall!" The Bishop blocked the tsunami swiftly by rising his own enormous hard wall!

BOOM!

The unstoppable tsunami was unfortunately halted since it lacked enough force and momentum to overwhelm it.

Felix wasn't disappointed by this as the tsunami did its job by bringing him and the water above The Bishop!

"Abysmal Waterspout!"