Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1058 The Empryean Human King!

Felix activated his fifth water ability while pointing at The Bishop!

Splash! Splash!

All the water near him and The Bishop started to circle itself until it manifested into a towering dreadful brownish waterspout.

Felix was picked up by the waterspout and started spinning with it while going up and up.

As for The Bishop? He tucked himself inside his shell and reinforced his defenses by covering himself in a earthling dome!

This made it impossible for the waterspout to pick him up. Felix didn't give him a peaceful time as he controlled the waterspout to place him exactly in the eye of the storm.

"What is Landlord doing! Doesn't he know that tornados' weak spot is the eye of the storm?!" Venali exclaimed in confusion.

Just as the viewers were about to agree with him, Felix launched another thunderstorm right above the waterspout...This made them merge together, making it really resemble a natural disaster!

Rumble Rumble! Rumble!...

It might look like a natural disaster, but Felix had complete control over it as he aimed all the released lightning bolts at The Bishop!

The dome was cracked right away, but The Bishop reinforced it again...Each time the lightning bolts caused some damage to it, the cracks and fissures healed almost instantaneously.

When it came to defenses, Heavenly Turtles were almost unkillable if they desired to focus purely on their protection!

"Honestly, Felix should just leave him alone and keep buying time until the end of the game." Elnora said.

"Don't you know Felix? There are still two hours or less before the end of the game." Moana rolled her eyes at her, "There is no way he would accept wasting two hours when he can do something to end the game faster."

As she mentioned, Felix had no plans of playing slow after reaching this stage of the game.

"You asked for it." Felix narrowed his eyes dangerously at The Bishop before surfing on the waterspout to reach the thunderstorm.

The moment he escaped from the waterspout's pressure, he allowed himself to be caught by lightning bolts, making him suspended in the thunderstorm without needing support.

'Channel everything on me!' Felix commanded the thunderstorm akin to a god, making him get struck by hundreds if not thousands of green lightning bolts simultaneously!

This caused his long hair to stand up straight while glowing in green/blue color akin to a lightbulb...As for his eyes, they were flashing almost a blinding green light too.

Yet, what frightened the viewers was the fact that there was so much electricity building around Felix, it was hard to see him anymore!

'Hmm, did it finally stop?' The Bishop thought to himself after realizing that the lightning bolts stopped hitting his dome.

'Screw this, I will make his life hell from underground.' Now that he was free of pressure, The Bishop didn't hesitate to start digging underneath him.

Just as half of his body was already within the ground, he felt shivers coursing on his spine, making him feel like his ass was being targeted.

His instincts were in the right place as Felix was pointing a glowing green finger directly at The Bishop's bottom that remained on the surface.

"Thunder God's Decree..." With the softest voice ever, Felix mumured as he gathered all the absorbed lightning into the tip of his finger.

Then...There was no then.

The sky turned brighter, the waterspout imploded, the ground shook, and the thunderstorm dispersed...

All of this happened in a split second and in absolute silence before all the sounds converged at once, creating a deafening harmony.

Yet, the viewers eyes never left the magnificent thin green beam of light that emerged from Felix's finger and went deep underground.

It looked harmless and weaker compared to Nocturne's fire beams. If The Bishop was still alive, he would have defintely cursed anyone who believed this!

His ending was abrupt and unexpected as the green beam didn't just penetrate his giant body but also crashed his soul barrier almost instantaneously, not allowing him even the time to comprehend what happened...Don't even mention surrendering.

The instant the green beam died out, peacefulness returned to the arena as no one was left to fight...Only Felix, who had just landed on the ground near the giant hole.

When his hair returned to normal, the holographic crown appeared more real, shimmering with brilliant golden light on top of his head.For

With everything that had just transpired in the entire game, it really made him look majestic and deserving of being proclaimed as The King of The Arena!

-Congratulation to Landlord for winning the game by eliminating all of his opponents!-

WHOOOOAAAH!!! LANDLORD! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!!...

The instant the Queen Ai made such an announcement three times, the stadium exploded with frenzied chants and booming screams!

"He actually killed a heavenly turtle with one ability..." Aegnor gulped a mouthful in fear as he recalled the last scene.

"I can't believe this! He really won this game by eliminating all the players while he merely needed to survive their hunt?!" Elnora exclaimed speechlessly.

"Isn't this an astonishing achievement on its own that far surpassed breaking the record?" Baron raised an eyebrow as he disclosed, "After all, not even Elder Dragon has done this before."

Just like he agreed with him, Venali commented passionately, "LANDLORD JUST KEEP BREAKING CEILINGS OVER AND OVER AGAIN!"

"I BET MY ENTIRE FORTUNE THAT HIS RANK IN THE HALL OF FAME WILL BE LIFTED SIGNIFICANTLY!"

Everyone with common sense thought the same. Sure, the fact that the game ended early ruined Felix's chance to break Elder Dragon's record, but it shouldn't really matter that much.

What he had just achieved was a hundred times more remarkable than holding a mere record!

"Twenty nine solo eliminations in a empyrean promotional game." Siren rubbed her eyelids with a tired look, "I am starting to fear landing against you in the future empyrean games."

"Likewise, you guys have really cultivated a little monster." Erebus rubbed his beardless chin thoughtfully, "Maybe, I will adopt a human as well and see what I can do with him."

"Forget it, without Lady Sphinx's extraordinary modifications, your human will remain crap." Cherufe shook his head in disapproval.

"Trying won't hurt, and I am quite bored as well." Erebus shrugged his shoulders before congratulating Felix's masters and then teleporting away.

As for Saurous, Manananggal, and Wendigo? The instant Singularity died, they escaped with their tails between their legs, knowing that Thor wasn't going to be merciful with his nasty remarks.

The Empyrean Human King! The Empyrean Human King! The Empyrean Human King! The Empyrean Human King!...

The moment Felix was teleported back to the stadium, he found himself showering under a new extraordinary chant.

'Looks like they merged your game title with your new rank and race.' Asna disclosed in his mind the moment she was allowed to speak again.

'It's not so bad.' Felix smiled as he waved his hand at the neverending sea of spectators around him.

After this game, Felix could be considered as an empyrean ranked player and one of the top strongest five hundred players in the universe!

A human had finally reached the pinnacle the SGAlliance platform...Just hitting this rank alone was enough to write player's name on the Hall of Fame!

It was that hard to reach it.

"Honestly, I am still in disbelief that a human has etched his name in this highly contested noble list." Venali commentated with a surreal tone, "Don't even mention the fact that he did it in less than fifteen years."

"From his performance, it doesn't look like this is his limit yet...Just unbelievable."FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The moment Venali was done speaking, another waves of cheers resounded throughout the whole stadium.

Felix waved his hand one last time in appreciation before disintegrating into light particles...Empyrean game or a bronze game, Felix never stayed for the winner ceremony, and he wasn't planning on breaking the record.

"I am sorry about your champion, but he really asked for it." Thor stood up and went to pat Aspidochelone in the shoulder.

"Sigh, you don't have to tell me." Aspidochelone smiled wryly before wishing them good luck and exiting the council.

What happened to The Bishop did sting Aspidochelone a bit since Felix's last ability didn't just kill his champion, but completely obliterated his soul...

Felix didn't name it Thunder God's Decree for no reason...He knew that if he ever was forced to use it, not even gods could save his enemy!