Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1059 The Empyrean Rank Unique System.

"Phew...That was a refreshing shower." Felix let out a long exhale in relief as he stepped out of the shower room, wearing only a towel around his waist.

"The network has exploded when you were showering." Asna shared as she read many holographic articles while sitting in the couch.

"Is it the game or something else?" Felix asked.

"It's the SG committee new announcement." Asna sent a hologram in his direction.

When Felix read it, he couldn't help but raise his eyebrows in surprise, "They are really being generous with me."

The SG committee had decided to give Felix a new unique title that was based on his fans' chants...The Empyrean Human King.

The possessor of this title would be awarded with at least ten points, which translated to ten achievements scored at once!

This had pushed Felix's rank in the Hall of Fame straight to top 15!

This wasn't all as Felix was allowed to change his SG name from Unpaid Landlord to The Empyrean Human King if he desired!

Naturally, the other players from different races could steal this title from Felix if they managed to pull off what he did and in a much lesser time.

"Looks like they will change the 'human' to another race if someone else robbed me." Felix chuckled, "Good luck to them, I guess."

"Are you planning to change your name?" Asna giggled, "Doesn't it look much cooler?"

"Nah, I am not too interested." Felix shook his head with a faint smile, "I am satisfied with Landlord."

Felix understood that empyrean players were all given the option to change their ingame names to something related more to their current status only if they reached a certain rank.

For him to be given the option right from the start was quite outstanding.

Still, he had no intentions of changing Landlord...He knew that It was more than just a name now, it was his unique brand in the universe.

"What are you going to do now? Kick off a few more empyrean ranked games?" Asna wondered.

"Yes, I need to climb past the top 400 as fast as possible before my grace period ends." Felix nodded.

Felix understood that he was still not in the safe side of the empyrean list...As long as he was below top 400, the platform would put him in mandatory promotional games to defend his position.

Only after he climbed past top 400 would he be relieved from those duties.

Fortunately, newly promoted players were given two years grace period that excused them from those mandatory promotional games.

After all, it wouldn't feel good to get promoted and end up placed in another promotional game the next day, just to lose it and get demoted.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"Let's see how much points I need to hit top 400." Felix sat next to Asna and displayed the top 500 holographic list.

//

1) Berserth, The Elder Dragon.

2) Lokaka, The Space Worm High Chieftain.

3) The Hive Queen's Guardian N0.

4) Aquiris, The Heavenly Turtles Minister.

10) Alfreda Olafiel, Queen of The Nine Elvish Realms.

----

11) Everley, The Fishermen Queen: 10,000 EPoints.

12) Aline, The Vampires' Duchess: 9,000 EPoints.

200) Ivry Otto, Pandions' Champion: 2000 EPoints.

400) Drucilla Braxton, Demon Blood: 500 EPoints.

477) Felix Maxwell, Unpaid Landlord: 279 EPoints.//

The list was quite long and separated into two sections...The top ten section and the rest of the players.

Felix understood that the separation was necessary since the top ten players operate under their own special rank as well as system.

For starters, they weren't called empyrean players...But, The Top Ten Supremes.

For empyrean players to replace one of the supremes, they needed to collect ten thousands Empyrean Points...Only then would they be given a single chance to challenge any supreme besides Elder Dragon.

If they won, they would take their position and be given another single chance to defeat The Elder Dragon and reach the true Apex of the platform.

Unfortunately, nothing about any of this was easy.

That's because players could earn points based on their performance in games as well as lose them for the same reason!

"279 EPoints, there is a long, long way before I reach 10,000." Felix remarked as he eyed his own rank and total of points.

Just like Racial Games, Felix had taken Knight Guard's points with his rank.

"The only way to hasten your climb is by always giving the best performance as well as winning the game in the end." Asna mentioned.

"Well, it won't be easy when everyone will have the same thought." Felix smiled wryly.

Felix understood that empyrean games' format was nothing like what he was used to in individual games.

That's because most of the games would place empyrean players into either groups, teams, or partnerships from the get go!

It was done like this since the numbers of empyrean players was too abysmal.

Instead of making games with thirty individual players, the platform creates games that require four teams or such.

The winner team would be given a multiplier to empyrean points they earned from their performance.

Only the player with the most collected points in a single game would be proclaimed as the champion/MVP and obtain another multiplier to his points!

This implied that those players would be required to work and contest with each other to secure both the team's multiplier and the individual's multiplier.

Naturally, none of this would work if the platform didn't make it mandatory for the players to participate at least one game a year.

Only the top ten players were excused from this rule.

As for the retired empyrean players? They were also required to play one game a year to keep themselves away from receiving points reduction penalty.

Even the dead empyrean players weren't left alone as their names get removed from the list while their rank get taken by the next player.

This chain would keep going until all the players get bumped a rank higher to free the last rank in the list.

This empty rank would be contested for in a promotional game that consisted only of peak radiant players, who failed to get promoted five times.

It was done like this to reward the players, who never given up on their promotion even after many series of failures.

Since Knight Guard's rank was higher than The Bishop, even after his death, Felix's rank remained the same since the bump affected only those below The Bishop's rank.

"Let's see when is the earliest game."

Felix closed the list and visited the SGAlliance website...Then, he entered the empyrean side of the website that was locked for everyone but those on the list.

The first thing that popped up in front of him was a short list consisting of ten games in total. The games names were hidden so as the players'.

The only thing visible was the number of contestants, the average rank of the games, and lastly the time they would be held.

"The nearest game is in three months while the last one is in six months." Felix rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

"The one in three months has an average rank of 355.5." Asna commentated, "Doesn't that mean most of the participants were ranked in top 300?"

"Yes."

"Can you join it?"

"If my strength checks out, I will be allowed." Felix answered.

Felix understood that the platform gave the players the option to choose to participate in any game they wanted in this list.

Even if the players in it were ranked in top hundred while the interested party was in the bottom of the barrel.

The only requirement was to pass a short test that ensured that the player's strength was worthy to join the game.

After all, most of the empyrean games were group-based, and it wouldn't be fair if one of the teams had a low ranked player compared to the others.

Naturally, there were benefits for players to strive to fight in higher ranks.

"Will you join it?" Asna wondered.

"That's what I am thinking about." Felix answered.

Felix understood that if he passed the test and joined the game, he would receive a multiplier from the very start.

This meant that if his team won, he would have a much higher chance to emerge as the MVP of the game because of the additional multiplier.

However, making such a giant jump in rank wasn't the same as skipping diamond games and fighting in radiant games.

There was absolutely no comparison since the three hundred players and above were the true old monsters!

From top 400 and below, most of the players were born in a hundred thousand years or below unlike those monsters.

Some of them were even alive at the early centuries of the platform's foundation.

Some of them were kings and Queens of entire races!

So, it was big a decision and Felix had to make sure that he was ready mentally to fight against them.

He was confident in his strength to make a name for himself against them, but he understood that his battle experience was simply incomparable to them.

"The perfect game for my rank is five months later." Felix shook his head, "I am not waiting that long for a single game. If I don't make quick moves, I might not end up collecting ten thousands EPoints in my entire lifetime."

"Queen, lock my name in the first game." Felix requested the moment he made his decision.

"Do you give me permission to use your training data for the test?" Queen requested.

"Yes." Felix agreed at once, knowing that this would save him the troubles of going through the test.

As he expected, in a few moments, Queen Ai informed, "Your strength has passed mark. Congratulation, you have permission to join the game."

"Thanks." Felix smiled as he saw his name added to the list of players...It was written that the limit of players in this game was merely ten!

So far, only six players registered for it...Felix included.

Only god and Queen AI knew the other monsters, who would be either allies with Felix or his enemies...