Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1060 Outsourcing A War! l

While Felix was checking his maddening earning list, he had no clue that the Darkin faction were discussing his demise.

"Something has to be done to stop that brat." Wendigo frowned as he eyed his partners in crime, sitting next to him in a semi-dark living room.

"He has already reached empyrean rank." Saurous said with an irritated tone, "We have only six champions from our descendants in that rank. The moment he wins or gods forbid, kills them, we won't be able to lift our heads in front of those Asgardian assholes."

Felix's latest victory managed to trigger warning bells in the Darkin faction's minds...Ever since Felix was introduced, they always had the assumption that their champions could defeat him in due time.

Yet, here they were, at the end of the platform with merely six champions left...Felix hadn't lost a single game, don't even mention one against their champions.

"What else can be done?" Manananggal shared calmly, "We can't assassinate him or send a subordinate to do it for us. Lord Khaos must have planted his wisp of consciousness within him, making it easy to get found out."

If it wasn't for fearing to irk Lord Khaos, the Darkin faction would have already made a move against Felix one way or another.

They weren't afraid of the Asgardian faction even a little...As for maintaining face in the council? They already lost too much of it in every dealing they had with Felix.

They understood that they would never hear the end of it if their champions were all defeated by the hands of a single champion.

Nothing was worse than that.

"We can't hire anyone since it will track back to us eventually." Saurous added.

"We need something big and chaotic that is unrelated to us." Wendigo's shadowy eyes turned colder as he suggested, "When that brat gets caught in it and dies, no one will point fingers at us."

"Are you suggesting outsourcing a war or something?" Manananggal raised an eyebrow in confusion.

"Why not?" Wendigo disclosed, "We can easily influence another race to start a war with the humans...In the process, they could slay that brat."

"Sounds good in paper, but which race is easily influenced but also powerful enough to threaten that little monster?" Saurous frowned, knowing that Felix wasn't easy to kill in the games.

Don't even mention in real life, where he had an army of void creatures as well as a servant that can help him enter and exit void realm.

"There is a race that checks all our boxes and can even hunt down that brat inside the void realm." Wendigo smiled coldly.

Immediately after hearing so, Manananggal and Saurous figured out what race he was talking about. When they thought about it for a few moments, they realized that he was right in his assessment!

"We already know many of the higher ups of that race who wouldn't dare say no to us." Saurous laughed.

"Let's set a meeting." Wendigo narrowed his eyes, "We have to get rid of that brat before he grew too big to be killed by such means."

...

Five minutes later...

The Darkin faction's members were seen sitting in three thrones inside a spacious hall that was dreadfully empty and quiet.

In front of them stood four unique individuals, who kept looking at each other and the three primogenitors with wary eyes.

'For me to get called with those bastards, my identity was compromised...But how?' Sage Arthur thought to himself with an anxious expression.

In the open, he was the current king of the Sage Race and one of the top ten rulers in the SGAlliance...But in reality? He was a Void Imitator, who rose into powers within the Sage Race after great struggles!

Nothing mattered to him more than his real identity remaining hidden. That's why he wanted Felix dead when he first saw his void army and the wide exposure he was giving to the void race.

However, his worries died out eventually when he realized that Felix wasn't an imitator but an actual human due to his connection to Lord Khaos.

That's why he never made a move or pushed the other unique void creatures to do it.

"You don't need to be too wary." Wendigo remarked calmly, "We have no intentions of exposing your identities."

"We never dared to make such assumption my lords." Aegnor bowed respectfully while unlocking his void eye in the center of his forehead.

If Felix or any member of the elvish royal family saw him, they would most defintely lose their sh*t...Especially, Baron, his twin brother!

Based on his yellow colored void eye, he was clearly a Djin void creature in control of The Laws of Greed.

Although he wasn't an imitator, he had an uncanny level of disguise that could easily even fool primogenitors!

In the case of imitators, they were capable of copying exactly everything from their targets...Even their unique soul and cultivation systems.

This spoke volumes about the wickedness and dreadfulness of the Laws of Envy.

The Laws of Greed were a bit different from that. The Djins were given the powers to fulfill a wish of their targets in returns of receiving a wish of similar limitation.

The wish limitation was based on their targets' level of greed as well the Djin's own limitation imposed on him from birth.

That's why, Djins were like invisible void ghosts and sought the greediest individuals in the universe to fulfill their wish and get rewarded by their own powers of greed Laws.

The only difference was that the target gets hunted down by the universe to restore balance based on the level of his wish.

In other words, the target suffered from horrible misfortune each day until the moment he gets killed eventually.

As for the Djin? He didn't suffer from the same fate as he was protected by the Laws of Greed.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

In the case of the real Aegnor, it wasn't known what he wished for...But the fake one clearly wished to become him.

This gave him everything that Aegnor possessed from his personality to his runic familiarity and more.

In another note, no wonder Felix never managed to win over Aegnor compared to the rest of the royal family.

Queen Alfreda had a solid reasoning to hate Felix for eternity, but for Aegnor? He should have fallen to Felix's saintly-like persona just like his brother.

It turned out, only true Evil see Evil!

"We have called you today to make a request." Manananggal smiled gently.

"Anything that the lords wished." A breathtaking green-haired beauty smiled charmingly as she eyed the three primogenitors.

She resembled Mistress Candace greatly like their bewitching beauty was artificial and reached its limitation.

Based on her pink void eye, she was obviously a Void Succubus.

'They even called this sl*t, Meriam. This really must be a big request.' Sage Arthur knitted his eyebrows as he glanced at Meriam.

Sage Arthur knew that when it came to influence and authority within the SGAlliance, she would be counted as second.

She spent unfathomable number of years to infiltrate herself within eight of the top fifteen most authoritative races!

She even had reach within his own race as she had turned many key figures into her sex slaves.

Just like imitators, it was almost impossible to find out about her puppeteer control since she could invade her targets dreams from the void realm.

Compared to her, Candace was still a mere playful child.

When the Paragon of Sins created those unique void creatures, they weren't on equal levels at all.

Some possessed a higher control over their Sin Laws while the others couldn't even be mentioned in the same breath.

No wonder Candace sought to increase her control over the Laws of Lust by sticking up with Nimo...