Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1061 Outsourcing a War! ll

"We have grown a bit bored with the balanced status of the universe...We want you to start wars and break this balance." Saurous stated causally, like he wasn't making a request that could cause an eruption of a Universal War!

Before the shocking request could register in Aegnor, Meriam, and Sage Arthur's minds, a five meter demonized creature smiled coldly as he replied with a gruff tone, "I am in."

This was the oldest and strongest Annihilation Fiend in the universe...He was so old, a few ancient history books mentioned him as the most evil demon to surface in the universe.

Unlike other annihilation fiends, he had hundreds of destroyed civilizations and races under his belt.

Fortunately for the current populace, he went into retirement just before the SGAlliance Era emerged.

"That's the right response we are looking for." Saurous clapped twice in approval.

"Wait, wait, wait..." Sage Arthur gulped a mouthful in fear, "I can't be part of this...The other lords will massacre us when they realized that we are up to trouble for their descendants."

"You don't have to worry about that." Wendigo smiled, "We have an agreement to never interfere in matters related to the current Era."

"So, just feel free to go all out and cause as much mess as possible. As long as their descendants weren't completely wiped out, not a single primogenitor will step up to stop the wars."

"Haha! I have a feeling that they would enjoy this change of scenery." Saurous chuckled, knowing that most of his peers were bored and seeking new entertainments every day.

There was nothing more entertaining for those beings than a Universal War that involved most races.

'Those crazy demons! They really want to see the universe burn so bad?' Sage Arthur felt chills course on his spine at the notion that primogenitors wouldn't stop the chaos.

He knew that the main reason most of the unique creatures went underground was because of their fear of the primogenitors acting up when they target their races.

After all, the chaos would ruin their games and main source of entertainment...But only now did Sage Arthur realize that they had been overthinking things.

This was bad for him since he enjoyed his current life!

Unlike other unique void creatures, who still believed in their creator's request of causing as much chaos as possible, he completely threw that at the back of his mind.

Who could blame him? He already reached the pinnacle of authority with the SGAlliance and even had an entire race under his feet.

He was living the best life there is, and he would be stupid to do anything to ruin it. Unfortunately, his peers didn't share the same sentiment as him.

"Well, I have been quite bored as well." Meriam giggled as she said, "I don't mind making my puppets play with each other. I have collected quite a lot, and it's time to lower their numbers, so I can get some new toys."

Meriam didn't care in the slightest about her sex slaves...Since Void Succubus were limited in the number of sex slaves they possessed, she felt that it was time to replace a couple of them.

"Can I be left out of this?" Aegnor spoke with a static unfamiliar tone, "My authority is still too low in the nine elvish realms...I doubt I can be much of a help to the wars effort."

"That's where you are mistaken." Saurous smiled, "We called you specifically because you have a much bigger role."

"Hmmm?" Aegnor raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"We want you to keep a close eye on that kid, Landlord." Mannangal shared, "We believe that he is still in the Forlond, correct?"

"I haven't seen him in a while, but I believe he is still around when Selphie isn't throwing a tantrum." Aegnor replied before asking, "Why do you want me to keep an eye on him? Do you want me to assassinate him?"

"Assassinate him? Don't overestimate yourself." Wendigo narrowed his eyes, "We want you to befriend him and stay on his side all the time...Have you guys forgotten that he can control void creatures?"

All of this would be meaningless if the Darkin faction gave the impression that their main target from the wars was Felix.

They knew that Felix was bound to rub horns with the void race if they targeted his galaxy.

Since he would be one of the greatest hurdles due to his void creatures control, they would do everything to get rid of him!

In other words, if Felix died in that manner, Lord Khaos wouldn't hold it against them...Even if he found out that the entire war had started because of the Darkin faction!

After all, they could easily negate any blame on them by simply confessing that they wanted to shake things up in the universe.

If Felix died in the process? That's his own fault for sticking his head in the war.

"I doubt that's going to work..." Aegnor rubbed his eyelids in frustration, "He has been making advances on me for years and I have kept pushing him off...He will be suspicious of me if I suddenly decided to become his frie.."

"We don't care." Wendigo eyed him coldly, "Make it happen somehow if you still want to keep your head."

'I am screwed!' Sage Arthur cried out loud in his mind after hearing his threat.

If even Aegnor was treated like this, there was absolutely no way he would slip out of this war when he had the most influence in the void race!

He understood that it wasn't that hard to get rid of him even if he decided to hide somewhere...Being an enemy of a primogenitor was truly unwise and much more dangerous than starting a war against the entire alliance.

"Arthur will be the leader and Meriam is the vice leader." Manananggal glanced at scary demonic fiend and ordered, "The Ruiner will be the commander of the void armies."

The Ruiner nodded his head with a pleased smile...For a void creature to be born of the sin of pride, there was no way he would accept to be beneath either Arthur or Meriam.

If his pride wasn't appeased like this, he would rather let himself get killed by the primogenitors than accept being under his peers.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"We only have three conditions for this war." Manananggal extended three fingers and spoke, "One, we want this war to happen in less than a decade. So, you have an entire decade to start recruiting the rest of the void race under your banner."

"Second, you guys know that we have a bit of a mild irritation to the human race...So, give them a special treatment." Manananggal smiled frigidly.

"Lastly, don't get f*cking caught in your preparation."

"Any questions?"

"How much of a special treatment you want us to give the humans?" Meriam asked with a playful smile.

The three Darkin faction looked at each other for a moment before answering simultaneously with a bone-chilling tone, "Make them go extinct!"