Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1062 Making The Best of Their Situation.

In a short while, Arthur and the rest were excused from the meeting.

Since they knew that a decade was a short period to prepare for such a large scaled war, they decided to meet right away.

"So, what's your first order, leader?" Meriam emphasized the term 'leader' with a playful tone, knowing that Arthur was a bit of a coward.

"I dare you to order me." The Ruiner narrowed his eyes dangerously at Arthur, making him flinch a little.

Although he was the leader, he understood that he had no powers over The Ruiner...He didn't dare make him obey forcefully, knowing that their strength was absolutely incomparable.

Imitators' unique Law of Envy allowed them to choose any path they wanted to walk on.

In Arthur's case, he committed to the Sage Race...In other words, he was extremely proficient in making scrolls, but that's it.

His strength was dog shit compared to Meriam, The Ruiner, and even Aegnor!

"I am not here to order anyone." Arthur sighed in frustration, "We were all thrown into this mess abruptly, and I am still doubtful if any of this is real."

"If you want to avoid hiding in the void realm for eternity, you better start believing." Aegnor commentated composedly.

"I know...sigh."

Sage Arthur understood that if he decided to betray the Darkin faction and escape from his duties, he could easily do so.

The void realm was his ally and even the primogenitors weren't capable of remaining in it for a prolonged period of time.

He could even copy another identity, making it extremely diffuclt for the Darkin faction to fish him out.

However, if he did so, he could kiss goodbye to his life as one of the ten rulers.

"Can I please have a couple of minutes?" Arthur requested as he sat on the ground in a meditation position.

He placed his four blue hands on his knees and closed them into fists with his eyes closed shut.

'The negatives of participating in this war are clear. I might lose my life, I might lose my position, even if I win the war, there isn't much to gain.'

The Darkin faction did promise them with immense riches if they won the war or at least managed to cause mass extinction of the human race.

But Sage Arthur understood that he had already reached the limit of progress with this identity.

Unless he wanted to start all over with a new copy that has much better potential, no number of riches could excite him.

'The positives depends on how heavily I invested in this war.' Arthur knitted his eyebrows thoughtfully, 'If I went all out and caused as much mayhem as possible, I can take advantage of the situation to weaken those above me in the pyramid. In addition, my race's scrolls are more efficient in wars and this will cause our sales to explode.'F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

'If we aimed our weapons at the dwarves, witches, and the high elves, my race can easily earn the highest amount of SGPoints. It should be enough to raise our rank for the next cycle to top five.'

Right now, the Sage Race was ranked as the tenth. Arthur knew that if no drastic measures were taken, there was absolutely no way they would be able to raise their rank any higher than that.

After all, scrolls might be useful, but they weren't as needed as potions or artifacts...In addition, their price was too high for a single time use.

If there was one thing that Arthur always desired was to raise his race rank to top five...He never dreamed of surpassing the metal race, the hive race or the dragon race.

Those three races had their claws affixed as the top three in the alliance and not even a universal war could threaten their positions.

But for the rest? Arthur knew that it was still a fair game.

'If this war is happening either ways, it's better that I lead it, so I can profit the most out of it.' Arthur smiled coldly, 'As long as the humans are dead, I doubt those demons will care how the war goes.'

After weighing the positives and the negatives, Arthur came to the decision that half-assing this war was going to bite him in the ass hard.

If so, he might as well take it as seriously as possible and make the best out of the outcome.

"Please reach out to your most trusted contacts and be as discreet as possible." Arthur snapped his eyes open and requested while eying his partners in crime.

"Why do we need them to be trustworthy?" The Ruiner sneered, "If any one of them dared to reject the war calling, we will make them regret the day they were born as void creatures."

Meriam and Aegnor nodded in approval...In their eyes, no one in the void race had the right to reject joining the war when even them were pulled in it.

If they still refused to join it, they could always use the primogenitors' names as threats.

"I know, but it's still too early to announce the war to everyone." Arthur warned, "You know that we have a soloist mentality...Who knows if one of our contacts has already sold out to the enemy like that sl*t Candace?"

"Telling them about the war now will merely backfire on us."

It was quite normal that Arthur would know about Candace since she was spotted many times with Felix.

He wasn't surprised that she bowed her head to Felix. He was confident that she was originally Lord Khaos' subordinate.

As for Nimo? He was still a mystery to him. He believed that he was some sort of pet created by Lord Khaos.

The only way to truly see Nimo's terror was to be near him.

Luckily for Aegnor, Felix was uncomfortable by the thought of allowing Nimo to free roam in the palace or near the royal family.

So, they had never met each other before.

"For the next few years, we need to lie low and focus on taking control over of the Wrathful Creators, Gelatinous Cubes, and The World Eaters." Meriam mentioned.

"I agree." Arthur nodded, "The Wrathful Creators will be amassing our void armies while the other two could be used as spear points to the armies."

Those three unique void creatures were the only ones with low intelligence and a mere slaves to their own sins.

For the Wrathful Creators, they keep absorbing void energy and giving birth to hundreds of void creatures each minute nonstop akin to a industrial machines.

The void creatures were wired to follow the closest source of life to them the moment they leave the void realm.

So, no intelligence was required in the process.

As for the other two? Both of them were feared throughout the entire universe by all races!

That's because the moment one of them targeted a planet, there was absolutely no way to stop them!

The only option was to migrate to another planet as fast as possible before they arrive.

"How are we going to get control of them exactly?" Aegnor frowned, "We can't even control the low-born void creatures, don't even mention them."

"Excuse my bad phrasing." Meriam smiled charmingly, "What I meant is to pool them in the void realm and guide them towards our targets when the day comes."

"Hmmm, but how can we get them in the void realm?" Aegnor asked again, "I doubt we can create big enough void rifts to fit them inside."

"It should be impossible if we do it alone, but if we worked together?" Meriam poked his forehead cutely, "Anything is possible."

Aegnor raised his eyebrows in surprise at her answer. It reminded him that the void race was finally going to group up together for one cause!

For each Sin, there was a hundred unique void creature...Even if their strengths varied, all of them possessed the basic ability of opening void rifts.

In other words, if most of them worked together to manifest one humongous void rift in front of Gelatinous Cubes, and The World Eaters, it wouldn't be an impossible task to guide them inside the void realm!

"I have a strong feeling that we might own the universe if only 80% of us decided to work together in this war." Aegnor smiled wickedly as he thought to himself, 'If that b*tch Selphie and the rest of my cousins died somehow in this war, I will be the only heir left for the nine elvish thrones.'

'S*cking up to that d*ckhead for the sake of this future doesn't sound so bad after all.'

Even though such a considerable responsibility was dropped on their shoulders, both Arthur and Aegnor found ways to make the best of it.

As for The Ruiner and Meriam? They were merely doing it for the sake of entertainment and watching the universe burn.

"Let's begin the real preparation, shall we?"