Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1063 The Seed of Life.

On the other side of the universe, Felix could be seen concentrating on a new recipe for a rank five potion.

He still hadn't left the witch empire since Lady Sphinx was still conducting experiments on his copy to see if one of the Kraken's hearts can be replaced.

"This isn't right..." Lady Sphinx mumured as she glanced at Felix's copy wide open chest.

If one looked closely, they could spot a red heart attached near the lung...It was different from the rest of the Kraken's hearts.

"I have tried everything, and it's still getting rejected by his internal system." Lady Sphinx walked around the surgery table while being deep in her thoughts.

"Did I make a mistake in my first judgement? Are those hearts unreplaceable?"

Lady Sphinx started to doubt her first theory that all the Kraken's hearts could be replaced...She had tried almost everything and yet, the high elf heart never beat even once.

"Maybe the heart I picked is that of a low quality?" Lady Sphinx questioned herself, "But, which heart can be greater than it and be harvestable?"

Lady Sphinx knew that if the quality was the issue, then the situation was graver than ever...That's because the high elf heart in her possession belonged to one of the ancient first high elves!

Because of her incredible curiosity, Lady Sphinx always had to own body parts from new emerging races in the universe.

So, the moment the high elves race was born in the universe, she grabbed one for herself like they were products in a shelf.

Was it immoral? Most defintely?

Did she care? Not even a little.

"This heart should be surpassed by the likes of Selphie only...If it doesn't work because of its quality, then this experiment is doomed from the get go." Lady Sphinx rubbed her eyelids in exhaustion.

"I need a second opinion."

Even the great Lady Sphinx knew when to seek help the moment she reached an unbreakable wall. Naturally, she wasn't going to ask for an opinion from the rest of the tenants.

Why?

'Call!'

'I call as well.'

'Bunch of unreadable bastards, I fold.'

'Thor must be bluffing, look at his idiotic smirk!'

'Don't fall for it, he must be faking it.'

If she asked these bunch of fools, they might even cause her to walk a few steps back in her experiment.

...

"Hearts implants, very interesting, so that's the secret of your boy's freakish strength." Lady Yggdrasil commentated as she took a sip from a tea cup while sitting under a tree's shade with Lady Sphinx.

There was no one better to ask for advice than Lady Yggdrasil since she was also hoping for the same end result.

In addition, she was just as brilliant as Lady Sphinx...The Runic Codex wasn't an easy process to translate and required an unfathomable level of intelligence.

"I assumed that it shouldn't be diffuclt to replace one of his hearts with an ancient high elf's heart. But, it keeps getting rejected by his body. I believe it must be the quality, but I am not too sure." Lady Sphinx brought up her problem after giving her a summarized version of Felix's unique situation.

"Quality? Hmmm, well, it does make some sense." Lady Yggdrasil nodded, "All of your boys' hearts are on a supernatural level. Only those on the same level can be accepted by his body."

Felix's human heart shouldn't really be considered as good as an ancient high elf heart...However, that's before he merged with five primogenitors' bloodlines permanently.

Sure, it was just a little of each bloodline, but it was still more than enough to surpass a high elf's heart.

There was no need to mention his other hearts...Even the dormant kraken's hearts are priceless treasures that couldn't be replaced by a mere mortal's heart.

"I came asking if you possess a heart that won't be rejected." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "If there isn't any, helpful thoughts are welcomed too."

"I believe you already know that at this day and age, only Selphie can be compared to what you possess." Lady Yggdrasil shook her head, "The current generations are simply incomparable to the first elves both genetically and in runic familiarity."

"Whose fault is that?" Lady Sphinx chuckled.

"It's not my problem mortals like them are forced to evolve based on their environment." Lady Yggdrasil took a sip of her tea casually.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Evolution works in a rational and clear fashion.

When ancient high elves were firstborn, they possessed the necessary strength to survive the cruel universe.

They could be even considered possessing the same strength as the present royal dragons!

This was quite a big deal.

However, ever since Lady Yggdrasil had taken them under her wing and taught them about runes and how to harness its powers, their strength started regressing while their intelligence progressed.

After long period of time, the high elves' strength was reduced to the bare minimum for their race. Though, their enhanced intelligence helped them learn and master many runic spells that changed their lives for the better.

Unfortunately, the runic familiarity depended heavily on bloodline and luck.

This meant that some elves could be born without a good strength and unlucky runic familiarity that forced them to try much harder than their peers to understand the same spells.

At the same time, monsters like Selphie could be born with an uncanny runic familiarly, enabling her to learn even the hardest and most complex spells.

In conclusion, Lady Yggdrasil had a massive influence on how elves had become.

Was it a good influence or not? The answer would be varied from an elf to another based on how gifted he was born.

"Tell me something, does it really need to be a heart for it to work?" Lady Yggdrasil abruptly asked after being reminded of one of her oldest experiments.

"Ummm, I am not really too sure." Lady Sphinx replied truthfully, "I have always been using hearts since they are the second most important organ in the body."

Naturally, the first being the brain...But since that couldn't touch at all, this left the hearts to work with as they had the second most important influence on the body as a whole.

"I am not talking about organs." Lady Yggdrasil mentioned calmly, "Do you remember what I was doing in my experiments on other races to help them obtain runic familiarity?"

The moment she heard so, Lady Sphinx raised her eyebrows in surprise, "Don't tell me you are suggesting using one of your seeds?"

She knew that Lady Yggdrasil had spent a fair amount of time to create the perfect method to help out other races obtain runic familiarity.

The Runic Seed was her final product.

In fact, it was the main reason that helped her create her ultimate ability, The seed of Life!

This ability allowed Lady Yggdrasil to create seeds and implant wisps of consciousness in them.

She could plant them in any place she desired, and they would start absorbing energy and grow to towering heights just like her.

The most shocking and insane thing about this ability was the fact that Lady Yggdrasil's consciousness could grow, in addition to possessing runic codex written on it!

In other words, she could have as many perfect clones of herself as she desired.

However, Lady Yggdrasil wasn't interested in creating a forest of herself...She had a different use of the seed of life.

She modified it a bit to make it possible to plant it inside other races' bodies...She did so, hoping that the seed would grow and spread its branches throughout their internal system.

Since those branches had the complete original runic codex written on them, naturally, the owners would also be bestowed with perfect understanding and manipulation of runes.

In a sense, it was like Felix being bestowed perfect elemental manipulation. The only difference was that the Lady Yggdrasil wouldn't lose her own when doing this.

Unfortunately, as much as the theory made sense, the execution went horribly wrong.

"Why not?" Lady Yggdrasil disclosed, "My experiments have failed since my seeds were too overbearing for adaptive mortals, taking complete control over their bodies...If I used them on races like dragons, they get completely rejected because of their rigid structure."

"Your boy isn't like anything I have ever seen. He is the perfect mix of both sides." Lady Yggdrasil smiled, "I see hope in this experiment than just using high elves hearts."

"Ummm..."

Upon hearing so, Lady Sphinx remained quiet as she thought about the feasibility of her idea. As much as her idea sounded too perfect, Lady Sphinx was still hesitate about agreeing at once.

That's because Lady Yggdrasil's experiments results were really too alarming even for her...Lady Sphinx couldn't forget the memory videos of those subjects.

One of the subjects was a human since they were considered to be one of the most adaptive races in the universe.

Unfortunately, a few moments after the seed was planted in his body, he was turned into a tree completely!

The seed literally took ownership of his body before he could even scream in pain at the process.

Although Lady Sphinx had her worries, at the same time, she agreed with Lady Yggdrasil's assessment.

Felix wasn't like any other human!

"I am not totally against the idea, but I have to be certain that it will work without side effects before even thinking of suggesting the idea to Felix." Lady Sphinx answered.

"That's only natural. I will send you one of the seeds." Lady Yggdrasil chuckled, "I have created too much, and they are just collecting dust in my garden."

"Then, give me your best one." Lady Sphinx narrowed her eyes, "If we are doing this, then let's do it right."