Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Felix wasn't completely ignorant about runes, but he still opened his ears and focused on Lady Yggdrasil's explanation.

"I believe that your masters have already explained to you the three celestial languages and their believed importance in shaping up the universe."

​ "Yes."

"This should make it easier for you to understand what that meant."

Lady Yggdrasil waved her hand in front of Felix, causing a river of green particles to emerged before him.

"Nature elemental particles." Felix commentated as he eyed the river.

"Now, what do you see?" Lady Yggdrasil asked as she snapped her fingers.

Felix's pupils enlarged in surprise at the sight of the same elemental particles turning into green runic letters!

It was like they merged with the nearest particles to make those letters!

"This is what runic elementalists sees compared to normal elementalists like you." Lady Yggdrasil disclosed calmly.

"This is fascinating..." Felix commentated as he scanned the runic letters, feeling quite fascinated by the new sight.

He was used to seeing the elemental particles separated or stacked against each other in a chaotic manner.

This wasn't the first time he heard about this, but it was defintely the first time he saw it happening in front of him.

Seeing always had more impact than just hearing.

Lady Yggdrasil snapped her fingers again and the same runic letters were turned into a similar looking symbols.

"The divine codex!" Felix instantly guessed the letters origin as he was used to seeing them written on his artifacts' futharks.

"Yes." Lady Yggdrasil separated the particles' river into three portions.

One portion showed the chaotic nature of the particles while the other two portions had the particles shaped up into the two codices.

"You see, runic elementalists, divine elementalists, and normal elementalists all use elemental particles as their weapon." 

"The energy is the same, but the means of utilization are different."

Lady Yggdrasil pushed the chaotic river forward and clarified, "You possess multiple manipulations. This allows you to have complete manipulation over chaotic particles as long you have the correspondent affinity."

"Because you are utilizing the universal language, which considered a step above the other two, you don't require any assistance."

"Assistance?"

"Yes, assistance." Lady Yggdrasil nodded and pushed the runic particles to the front, "For the runic elementalists, they requires runes to deliver their orders to those particles, so they can shape up to the abilities that they desire."

"The same applies to the divine codex...Though, there is a bit of difference between them, but I won't divulge into them."

Felix understood that she was referring to the fact that the divine codex allowed more details to the spells while the runes were rigid in that department, but were more powerful and could be used in the air.

"Let me show you an example." 

Lady Yggdrasil pointed her finger at the runic river and mumured with a peculiar sounding tone, "Sea of Lillies..."

The moment she finished, the river of runes started to rearrange themselves to create the same spoken sentence...It was written as such: ᛌᛆ ᚭᚠ ᛚᛁᛚᛚᛁᛁᛌ.

Before Felix could marvel at the uniqueness of the situation, the green runic sentence was turned into a yellow sea of lillies flowers around him!

"I have slowed the process by hundred times, so you can see exactly what happens on the source."

"I understand."

Felix knew that the runic spells were cast much faster than this...If they were cast by Lady Yggdrasil, they should be at least a thousand times faster.

"I am sorry to interject, but I have to add something." Lady Sphinx informed, "The process that you have just seen was unique to only Lady Yggdrasil."

"For you and the elves, it's more complex than this."

"How so?" Felix asked.

"I'm not too sure about you at the moment, but it's impossible for the elves to create runic spells or even connect with runes without wands." Lady Sphinx mentioned.

"She is correct, wands play a considerable role in your ability to control the runes." Lady Yggdrasil continued on, "It allows you to establish connection with the runes of your own element to create or learn spells. Only when you master them, will you be capable of using those spells through channeling your elemental energy within the wand."

"The wand is responsible for converting the elemental energy into your desired spells. When the process ends, an elemental hex will emerge followed by your requested spell."

"Ohh, now it makes sense." Felix nodded in understanding.

With his cognitive reasoning, it wasn't hard for him to get the full picture of how the runic system works, or what the elves call it, magic system.

In much simpler terms, the elves started by attempting to connect with the runic particles in the same manner that normal elementalist do with the chaotic particles.

The only difference was that they required a wand to facilitate the process as well strong runic familiarity to help them connect much quicker.

When they connect with the correspondent runic particles around them, they begin to manipulate them to shape up into a sentence that would become a spell.

They have to practice the same spell over and over again to the point the sentence get structured subconsciously in their minds.

Only then could they use their wands to cast the mastered spell.

Naturally, the more complex a spell, the more time would take to master it.

Elements such as space, time, life, death...etc, have the most complex spells ever, which would require an unfathomable level of runic familiarity to even connect with them. Don't even mention learning plus mastering them.

That's why Selphie's talent was just incomparable in this day and age.

"Even though you have a tremendous runic familiarity to space and time element, I suggest that you start learning spells from a less complex element." Lady Yggdrasil advised, "Naturally, don't pick the elements that you already possess their manipulations."

"I wasn't planning to." Felix nodded in agreement, "I will pick something else. Though, how can I know my own runic familiarity?"

"You have to learn the language first." Lady Yggdrasil addressed, "When you do, the runes will speak to you on their own."

"Okay..."

Felix didn't fully understand that point, but he felt that it would make sense when he learned the language first.

"I will convince Selphie to teach you the language." Lady Yggdrasil mentioned, "She is one of the few ones with the greatest understanding of it."

"Much appreciated."

Felix knew that runic language wasn't like any other language he knew before. He couldn't just learn the linguistics of it and proclaim himself to have mastered it.

He recognized that the majority of elves merely understood tiny parts of it as each letter had hundreds of meaning to it.

Hell, even Lady Yggdrasil was still deciphering some of the more complex and hidden meaning.

In other words, picking up the language was merely the beginning of the struggle.

"Take this with you...It's the full version of the runic codex." Lady Yggdrasil beamed a thick ancient looking book and handed it to Felix.

"Thank you." Felix bowed his head and accepted the book...He knew that other elves weren't in possession of this book.

In fact, the only thing they owned was a book that explained the linguistics of the runes, helping them learn the language.

But the true codex? No one knew about its existence but the supreme beings.

....

A couple of hours later...

"Did mom really tell the truth?" Selphie asked with a look filled with disbelief as she walked around Felix.

From time to time, she poked his antlers to check if they were real and even smelled his skin after picking up the unique scent of her mother.

"Stop sniffing me, It's real." Felix pushed Selphie's face away and sat on the bed with a vexed look.

"But, you, runes, human? How?" Even Selphie couldn't help but be left baffled...It was an expected response as not a single race managed to pick up runes besides elves, talisms, and sages.

If this was her reaction, one could only predict how Queen Alfreda's face would become at the notion that Felix had shoved himself within their magic system as well.

"How much did your mother tell you?"Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"She said that you have obtained runic familiarity and that I should teach you the language as well as the basics."

"That's all?"

"Yep, she told me that you will explain the rest."

"I see..."

Knowing that Selphie was a close friend and also his future teacher, Felix didn't feel like holding on his secret about the seed against her.

So, to facilitate the teaching process, he clarified as much as he could to give her the bigger picture while also keeping some details related to his other secrets in the low.

"So that's what happened...As expected of mother and Lady Sphinx. When they combine their intelligence, anything is possible."

Selphie commentated with eyes gleaming brilliantly akin to a child tasting sweets for the first time.

Felix assumed that she was admiring her mother and his master, but in reality? She just finally realized that she was going to be hanging out with Felix a lot more now.

Nothing was more exciting than this!

"When are you returning to Forlond?" Selphie said with a strict tone, "As your teacher, you have to be near me in the real world since I can't help you establish a sincere connection with runes in the UVR."

"I understand, teacher." Felix chuckled, "I will depart tomorrow."