Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

There was no point in spending time in the witch empire anymore after his two successful surgeries.

"You better not give her any weird thoughts." Asna remarked with an annoyed tone.

She wasn't a fan of Selphie one bit...Especially, when she was clearly still attempting to steal Felix from her even though he made it clear multiple times that he had her and wasn't interested in another relationship.

She might be friendly and gentle, but in Asna's eyes, she was nothing more than a clingy groupie.

"She can have all the weird thoughts she wants." Felix shrugged his shoulders, "I have already clarified it for her."

***

"Have you heard?" Baron asked as he dined while sitting with his twin brother Aegnor.

"What?" Aegnor glanced at him calmly.

"Apparently, Felix has returned an hour ago and spent all of his time inside the practice room with Selphie." Baron wondered, "What do you think they are doing there?"

Aegnor thoroughly ignored Baron's inquiries the instant he heard that Felix had finally returned. Ever since his first meeting with his peers, he was growing antsy about his mission.

The rest of his partners were already making noticeable progress in recruitment and overall preparation for the war.

Meanwhile, he had yet to even meet with Felix...Don't even mention attempting to heal their relationship.

'If I want this to succeed, I need to be more friendly with those royal pests.' Aegnor narrowed his eyes, 'They will help me approach that bastard more naturally.'

Aegnor knew that Felix was a suspicious individual...In addition, he understood that he could never break his character even when he was alone.

'That sl*t Candace is really making this more diffuclt than it should be.' Aegnor cursed in his mind at the notion that Candace might be spying on him right now.

The only way to see her in the void realm was by using his void eye...But, he wasn't dumb enough to seek death like that.

"Brother, I think I am ready to accept that human." Aegnor remarked.

"Huh? Are you being serious?" Baron stopped eating at once and asked with a curious tone, "What changed?"

"I realized that I was being too paranoid for no reason." Aegnor smiled, "If even the Queen, mother tree, and you guys are allowing him to live amidst us, it only means that he isn't a bad person."

"Exactly what I was telling you!" Baron smiled, "There is no way mother tree will invite an evil person to our palace and even allow him to come and leave as he pleased."

"I don't know how to say this...But, I think that it's already too late for me to befriend him." Aegnor smiled bitterly, "He must hate me after all the crap I gave him when he was just trying to be nice to me."

"Hate is a strong word, brother." Baron promised with a serious tone, "You don't have to worry. I will help you befriend him, and I am confident that Felix won't hold a grudge against you...He is that nice."

"I do hope so." Aegnor remarked coldly in his mind, 'I really do hope so.'

...

While Aegnor was scheming to smoothen his relationship with Felix, he was learning the basic spells of sand element with Selphie's help.

During his journey towards Forlond, Felix spent it learning runes linguistics from Lady Sphinx inside his consciousness space.

This helped him save more time when he met with Selphie as they jumped right away to the basics of spell casting.

"I am not a sand runic spellcaster, but I will try my best to help you master at least the easiest spells." Selphie mentioned as she sat in front of Felix inside a humongous spacious hall...It was made completely out of unrefined white wood and white vines.

This was the practice hall for the royal family...Selphie had reserved it for eight hours, making it impossible for the rest of her family to enter or peer inside.

"I will try my best to keep up." Felix nodded in understanding.

"As you know, spells are ranked as lesser, greater, advanced, and lastly omnipotent spells."

Selphie manifested a holographic runic sentence and a short video displaying the sand spell being used before adding, "The first lesser sand spell that every elf learns in The Great Magic Academy is Sand Blasts."

Felix focused on the video and saw an elf shooting sand blasts from a golden hex at the tip of his wand.

Naturally, before doing so, he said the runic sentence to force the elemental energy to transform into his desired spell.

"Wanna give it a try?" Selphie asked.

Since she didn't have sand runic familiarity, she could only work with what Felix was doing and help him fix his mistakes.

Obviously, Felix had picked sand element since he had the highest runic familiarity with it right after his poison, lightning, and gemstone elements.

He realized that he also had a reasonable runic familiarity to void element...Without needing to guess, his runic familiarly was affected heavily by his bloodline choices and the elements he interacted the most in his journey.

Since void was just as complex as time/space elements, he had no intentions of focusing on it any time soon.

Felix took a deep breath and closed his eyes shut while sitting in a comfortable position.

Selphie looked at him silently, knowing that he was attempting to establish connection with the sand runes. The sand elemental energy might not be as visible, but it was spread around Felix to help him facilitate the connection faster.

Seconds went by and then minutes...Before long, five minutes went by.

'Usually, the first time takes from an hour to a couple of hours depending on the level of the person's runic familiarity and the complexity of the spell.' Selphie thought to herself, 'It should take Felix twenty minu...'

Selphie was forced to swallow the rest of her sentence at the sight of runic scripters glowing on Felix's antlers!

Soon, a golden hexagon manifested at the center of his antlers, causing the sand elemental energy around him to start shaping up into golden spheres!

They all gathered near Felix's palms, like they were asking him to fire them, so they could turn into sand blasts!

But Felix didn't do so...He opened his eyes slowly, causing the sand spheres to break apart into light particles.

Next, the golden hex disappeared and followed by his antlers dimming down.

"Five minutes? That's too slow." Felix mumured with a dissatisfied tone after glancing at his bracelet.

"What do you mean by slow!" Selphie exclaimed, "If my cousins heard you, they will skin you alive!"

"Hmm? Am I wrong?" Felix frowned.

"You have no idea." Selphie swiftly clarified for him that even the most talented elf in their Magic Academy took half an hour to establish connection and finalize his spell!

"I see...I guess my training in external manipulations have helped me get accustomed to dealing with elemental particles."

Although the method of connection was different, Felix was still dealing with elemental particles. Whether they were chaotic particles or runic particles, concentration still played a massive role.

In other words, his starting point was a few grades higher than other newbie spellcasters.

"By the way, how long did it take you?" Felix wondered in intrigue.

"Me..." Selphie started avoiding Felix's eyes, feeling a bit uncomfortable with answering.

"Are you worried about lowering my confidence?" Felix chuckled, "Just say it, I can handle even worse."

"Are you positive?"

"Just out with it alrea..."

"Ten seconds."

"..."

Felix's expression stiffened immediately at her ludicrous response! Ten seconds? It didn't cross in his mind that could be even possible!

Hell, he spent almost half a century focusing purely on his external manipulations, and it still took him a minute or two before establishing connection with the chaotic particles!

'That's real talent for you.' Carbuncle remarked with a faint chuckle.

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

'Ten seconds in her first time...She must be establishing connection with runic particles almost instantaneously now.' Fenrir added, 'What a gifted young thing.'

'If you had her monstrous talent, half a century should have been enough to help you go past five kilometers in your external manipulation range.' Thor added salt to Felix's wounds.

"Felix? Felix? Are you alright?" Selphie asked worriedly waving her hand in front of Felix's face without any response.

"I am fine...I am fine...I was just startled a bit." Felix coughed to hide his embarrassment. He wasn't even given a few moments to feel good about his achievement before getting humbled.

The worst part, he asked for it.

"I believe that you could have established connection even faster if you picked the element with your highest runic familiarity."

"That's quite true."

Although he had a good runic familiarity with sand, it wasn't even close to his main elements.

Unfortunately, he already had their manipulations, and it would be useless to learn their runic spells too.

"Try it again." Selphie said while standing up, "Your assignment for this eight hours session is to master sand blasts."

"I think it will take longer than tha..."

"I believe in you." Selphie showed him a charming smile filled with encouragement, "You are Felix after all."