Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"If you have this much faith in me, it will be wrong to disappoint you." Felix assured.

If anyone heard that Felix planned to master his first spell in eight hours, they wouldn't hesitate to laugh at him.

The first spell might have a lesser complexity, but most elves consider it to be one of the hardest to master simply due to being their first.

When it came to runic system, experience played a significant role.

But when it came to Felix? Repetition and grinding one thing for hours had already become ingrained in his soul!

So, for the next seven hours, Felix did nothing but repeat the same for using sand blast spell over and over again.

With each hour gone by, he reduced the connection time by a few seconds...By the time seven hours went by, he was able to connect to the runes and activate this spell in the blink of an eye!

"0.1 activation sequence." Selphie smiled happily, "You have officially mastered sand blasts."

"0.1 is still too slow though." Felix wiped his sweaty forehead with a dissatisfied look, "If I dared to use it against my current opponents, they will have my head before it leaves my hands."

"Well, 0.1 second is the criteria in the academy." Selphie shared, "You can always have your own mastering criteria."

"What's yours." Felix asked curiously, "Your time spells always emerge faster than a thought."

"My mom imposed a 0.01 second criteria." Selphie sighed, "That's why it takes me a lot of time to master just one Time spell while I could have mastered a dozen."

"Quality is always better than quantity." Felix agreed with Lady Yggdrasil, "I know that you dislike fighting, but if you were in this field for as long as I am, you will realize that you have made the smart decision."

Felix understood that Selphie wasn't appreciating her strength or even realizing her full terror in battles...To cast Time spells at 0.01 second would automatically make her take the lead in every fight.

After all, Time tramps over almost every other element.

"You will understand my pain when you start grinding for that criteria." Selphie giggled, knowing that Felix had no idea how diffuclt it was going to be.

"I'm not planning to find out soon." Felix shrugged his shoulders before requesting, "Give me another lesser spell to master."

Felix might be dissatisfied with 0.1 second on his sand blasts, but he wasn't planning on wasting days or even months of his life to push towards 0.01 criteria in such a useless spell.

He would do so only for truly important spells in his life.

In his current stage, not a single lesser spell was worth it.

"I will give you twenty more lesser spells to learn...If you mastered them in less than a week, we will move on to greater spells." Selphie informed.

"I like the sound of that."

Kaka kaka!

"Too bad, our time has finished." Selphie sighed after hearing a bird's screech resound in the entire practice hall.

"We don't need to practice here." Felix stood up as he suggested, "We can continue in more reclusive place in the planet, so no one will bother us."

Felix had no intentions of stopping after eight hours...He was just warming up!

"But, aren't you worried about getting found out?"

"Hmm? Why would I?" Felix raised an eyebrow in confusion, "I have no intentions of hiding the fact that I can learn spells. If someone doesn't like it, that's his own problem."

Felix had already gone through the same crap when he first learned how to concoct potions. Sure, he might not want to announce that he could learn spells, but he never planned on actively hiding it.

"Big sis will really have a stroke if she hears about this."

"Possibly." Felix chuckled while calling for Candace.

She opened a void rift and emerged before them with Nimo sitting on top of her head, ruining her hair.

Eee Eee!

Nimo jumped on Felix's embrace immediately and start rubbing against him.

"Let's move through the void realm." Felix asked Selphie, "Are you alright with that?"

"Will I be alright?" Selphie was somewhat excited to experience the void realm for the first time, but she was also nervous by the same thought.

After all, she had no void immunity, and it was known fact that nothing survives in the void realm.

"You will be fine." Felix promised, "Candace will take care of you."

Candace remained quiet as she transformed into an aircraft for them to enter. It was quite unusual for her to not make sexual remarks, making Felix a bit relieved.

Unbeknownst to him, Candace was a hardcore supporter of Asna's camp, making her dislike Selphie just as much.

After stepping into the void realm for a mere split second, Candace kicked both Felix and Selphie near an empty cave that was a few kilometers deep under a mountain. Then, she returned to the void realm without saying a word, leaving Nimo to roam freely in the cave.

"That was so fast! I barely got to see anything." Selphie exclaimed as she looked around her.

"There is nothing much to see anyway." Felix replied, "It's just pure darkness, making you confused whether you have your eyes opened or not."

"Still, it was a unique experience I never thought I will have." Selphie thanked Felix.

"You will grow bored with it soon. Now, let's continue where we left."

Without further ado, Selphie displayed the second spell to Felix and watched him practice it...Naturally, the connection period wasn't as long as the first time.

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Still, it took him two minutes. The only way to reduce it was by rigorous repetition.

Because of his built-up experience, Felix managed to master this one in less than five hours! Then, he moved to the next one, which he finished in less than four hours.

After this one, the speed of progress dialed down a bit as he kept hovering between three and four hours for each lesser spell.

"Maybe, you should take a break? You have been going at it for more than 24 hours straight." Selphie suggested while rubbing her eyes with a sleepy expression.

"Not yet." Felix responded, "You can sleep, there is no need to force yourself to stay up for me."

"I am fine." Selphie replied while yawning.

Felix beamed a comfortable bed and placed noise-canceling devices around it.

"Sleep."

"I am no.."

"You better sleep, or I am taking you back home."

This did the trick as Selphie instantly tacked herself in the bed with a wronged expression.

Felix ignored her cute look and continued his training.

'There is no time to waste.' Felix talked to himself, 'I need to master, lesser, greater, advanced, and even omnipotent sand spells before considering challenging Time/Space/Void spells.'

Felix understood that when he finally goes for Time/Space/Void spells, he would need to start actually deciphering the spells from the runic codex.

Right now, he was merely learning an already discovered spells, which slashed the duration immensely.

Thor and the others didn't say anything about this, knowing that focusing purely on runes at the moment was the smartest thing.

His elemental manipulations were already staggered as he was left with only advanced abilities and increase his external range...Both take a lot of time to produce results.

It was much better to focus on runes right now to receive a major bump in his arsenal.

...

Three days later...

"I can't believe you learned all twenty spells in 72 hours..." Selphie remarked with a look filled with admiration, "Your work ethics are much better than mine."

"Still not enough...Give me some greater spells now," Felix spoke like an addict as he drank a recovery potion that relieved his mental fatigue.

"Not so fast, mister." Selphie shook her head, "I need to test you on those spells first...They might be lesser complexity, but you will realize that activating them amidst a stressful battle is ten times more diffuclt."

"You know better..." Felix didn't want to waste time arguing with her...It was best to do her test as fast as possible to prove that he was ready for the next stage.

"So, what's the test?"

"Me." Selphie smiled charmingly as she pointed at herself.

"Huh?"

"You will be fighting me with only those spells. You can forget about learning greater spells if you don't defeat me."

"Wait a second! How is this fair!" Felix protested.

"Don't worry, I won't bully you." Selphie giggled as she clarified, "I will be using only twenty lesser spells from my nature element."

"Obviously, everything else will be equalized by Queen Ai."

The moment he heard so, Felix knew that he would be getting bullied for the next upcoming days!

"Go take a break, we will start the test tomorrow morning."

"Fine."

This time, Felix knew that he needed the break to get back to his peak form...