Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The first thing that Felix did was return Selphie to her room in the palace before deciding to walk back to his room.

He had been sitting far too long in that cave.

'How do I defeat Selphie with those limitations?' He thought to himself.

Felix knew that the limitations were actually massive on his part compared to Selphie. That's because he was constantly engaged in battles in his peak form.

Now, he had to make a drastic shift by reducing his strength, speed, reaction speed, and even ban his elemental manipulations and other weapons.

He would be literally fighting against his own trained instincts while also needing to be focused to use the learned spells.

Selphie didn't have such a problem since she rarely partook in battles.

'Let's see how it goes...' Felix could only drop the speculations for now and get some well-needed sleep.

Alas, the moment he reached his room, he found a guard standing in front of it.

"What's the matter?"

"I apologize for the disturbance Sir Felix, but you have been called by the Queen to her throne chamber." The guard informed.

"I see, I will be there shortly." Felix nodded in understanding and continued his journey towards the throne chamber.

'It looks like the Queen is curious about my antlers.' Felix chuckled, knowing that Queen Alfreda was bound to feel something strange about his current appearence...Especially, when it was related to nature.

....

In The Throne Chamber...

"Greeting Queen." Felix bowed respectfully the moment he stood before Queen Alfreda...Whether she disliked him or not, he would still show her the appropriate respect for being one of the top ten strongest individuals in the alliance.

Queen Alfreda nodded silently and started scanning Felix from top to bottom. 

'Mother tree wouldn't have permitted him to use her bloodline, right?' Queen Alfreda thought after picking up Lady Yggdrasil's unique scent from within him as well.

If it wasn't for the antlers, she would have been more confident in her assumption.

"I heard news that you went out with Selphie for more than three days." Queen Alfreda narrowed her eyes at Felix and said, "I want to avoid intervening in Selphie's life, but you should understand that she is the heir to the nine elvish realms. If such scandalous news went public, we will never the end of it."

"So, be mindful of the time you spend with her alone if you truly cared for her." 

Queen Alfreda was merely using this as an excuse to check on Felix.

He wasn't stupid enough to not figure this out as he knew that elves weren't known for making big deals of such things like humans.

Sure if she was a human princess, the news would be writing all kinds of misleading articles in a heart beat.

Meanwhile, the elves believed in honesty to the point they wouldn't dare write false reports on Selphie to make quick buck.

So, to avoid prolonging this conversation more than it needed, Felix agreed with her laughable request and excused himself.

Though, he didn't forget to tell her that he wouldn't control Selphie's movements. In other words, if she wanted to hung out with him, he wouldn't be impolite enough to stop her.

Queen Alfreda couldn't do anything about this since it was Selphie's problem, not his.

After Felix left the throne, Queen Alfreda called calmly, "Alvin, what did you see?"

Alvin appeared out of nowhere and shared with a strange look, "It was a bit vague and foggy, but I noticed something peculiar within his body."

"Hmm?"

"For starters, it looks like he has multiple hearts or something." Alvin shared, "His internal system is all wired differently like he is some bizarre creature."

"Knowing his master, I am not too surprised that she had run some freakish experiments on him to empower him like that." Queen Alfreda commentated.

She also watched Felix's latest game and saw how he managed to survive even after having his entire chest blown out.

If it wasn't against the rules to scan internal bodies without consent, everyone would have known about Felix's internal system by now in the UVR...Even the game judges weren't allowed to do so since internal bodies were considered the same as private parts.

It wasn't funny in the slightest if everyone was allowed to peer into each other's internal systems like some creeps.

However, if someone did it in the real world with his own set of abilities, Queen Ai had no say in this.

"The most peculiar thing was an almond thingy that was connected with a unique network of green veins." Alvin frowned, "I sensed nature element emitted from those veins."

"Ummm?" This caught Queen Alfreda off guard.

"This is all that stands out."

Queen Alfreda waved her hand to excuse him while still deep in thought about the green veins. No matter how much she guessed, she never landed on the real cause.

'It must be related to mother tree.' Queen Alfreda stood up with a deep frown, planning to visit Lady Yggdrasil and confront her about the matter instead of wasting her time with guesses.

The moment Felix stepped into the palace, she felt like he was leaching his hands into everything that's important to her.

Her royal family, Selphie, the life essence fountain, and even mother tree was on his side.

Even though she wasn't proactively attempting to sabotage him like before, but she was still uncomfortable by the fact a human was running rampant in her home.

'I hope it's not a big deal.'

...

In The Royal Garden...Half an hour later...

Queen Alfreda could be seen sitting on the ground with a deadpan expression, appearing like she had just heard the worst news in her entire life.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

p Lady Yggdrasil didn't seem to care too much about her reaction as she sipped tea with her usual kind elderly smile while reading a book.

'He can harness runes....A human can harness runes like us...This is it...' Queen Alfreda looked at the glass ceiling of the royal garden with a defeated expression.

She was told almost everything by Lady Yggdrasil, from the fact that Felix could now use runes to Selphie's becoming his personal teacher.

If she heard such news at the very start of meeting Felix, she would have honestly gone into a crazy rant...But now? She was honestly a bit numbed by Felix's actions.

"You better get used to him." Lady Yggdrasil chuckled, "He will be staying here for a very long time."

"..."

Queen Alfreda already figured that for herself...Hence, her defeated expression. What else could be done against Felix when he even obtained their runic system?

She knew that the news was bound to spread out and create an never seen chaos before that would put their race in the limelight.

Queen Alfreda could only sigh in frustration and return to her throne chamber.

She knew that the smartest thing to do was prepare for the chaos that would arise as everyone would start seeking Felix's method to start harnessing the runes as well.

When Felix thoroughly ignored them, they would switch their aggro to the royal family!

'What did I do wrong to have this troublemaker prick settle in my territory...'

Felix sneezed in his peaceful sleep, having no idea that he had just upset Queen Alfreda yet again.