Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

'What's the matter?' Felix inquired as he stood in front of the royal garden's glass door.

'I am fairly certain that Aegnor is either an imitator or a djin.' Candace informed.

Immediately after hearing so, Felix halted his hand that was about to knock on the glass door...He had a solemn look on his face as he asked, 'How sure are you?'

'Well, Nimo keeps squawking next to him like a metal detector.'

Felix didn't doubt her any further after Nimo was brought up.

'It's not out of the ordinary for an imitator or a djin to hide amidst other high ranked races to seek a better future for themselves.' Candace frowned, 'But, why is he attempting to get friendly with you?'

'My exact thoughts.' Felix replied with a stern tone, 'He must know that I have you around and that I am quite connected with Lord Khaos. The smart thing is to keep me away from him like before.'

If Felix found out about Aegnor's identity when he was despising him, he wouldn't have thought much of it.

But now that he was getting proactive with him, he felt that there was a much deeper agenda than he thought before.

Not a single unique imitator or a djin would dare to risk having their identities exposed unless they were forced to.

'Maybe, he figured out about Nimo's identity somehow and wants to build a relationship with you?' Asna guessed.

'Highly unlikely, but it's a possible scenario.' Felix nodded.

Any unique void creature wouldn't hesitate to stay besides Nimo and serve him, knowing that he was the only one capable of enhancing their sins laws.

Candace didn't want that to happen since it would mean that her position in the 'family' would be at risk.

That's why she showed murderous intent on Aegnor.

'My mind tells me it's something else.' Felix continued on, 'He changed his persona after I returned from the witch empire. In other words, something must have happened to him in that period. Nimo wasn't even close to him at that time.'

'That's true.'

'Indeed.'

'What do you reckon it will be?' Asna wondered with a curious tone.

'He defintely doesn't want to be my friend.' Felix answered, 'If his intentions were sincere, he wouldn't have shown such an expression when I rejected his apology.'

'Or he is faking it to get back on the good sides of his cousins?' Asna suggested, 'He might have realized that he is being isolated by the royal family because of you...This will make his life difficult.'

'I think so as well.' Felix nodded in agreement before adding, 'Still, everything is mere speculation and the only way to know his true reason is by either catching him lacking or interrogating him.'

'I doubt it will be possible to catch him making a mistake.' Candace shook her head, 'Unless he is an idiot, he should know that I might be having my eyes on him at any given moment.'

'Sigh...That's true as well.' Felix massaged his wry eyelids, 'This is getting too bothersome.'

Just because he found out about Aegnor's identity, it didn't mean that his mind would automatically go to a universal war, and he was somehow related to it.

This meant that unless he found out about the news directly from Aegnor's mouth, it was almost impossible to predict the war.

'Should we bite the bullet and catch him?' Candace proposed.

'What are our success odds?' Felix asked.

'If he was an imitator than our odds are mostly 100%.' Candace answered, 'However, if he was a djin, it might get tricky.'

'How so?'

Felix understood that imitators' entire strength depend on the copy they took...Aegnor wasn't even close to his current strength, making him able to take him down alone.

'Djins' laws of greed allows them to entice greed out of their targets and act upon them without a second thought.' Candace shared, 'I know that your mental defenses are pretty tough, but they will get broken effortlessly since you humans are one of the greediest races in the universe.'

Felix knew that she wasn't wrong...Most humans were never easily satisfied. They always want more and more even if what they owned was already great enough.

Sure, this trait helped humans push forward in almost all fields, but at the same time, it could be their downfalls.

The hostile relationship with the dwarves was the perfect example.

They were allowed to start crafting artifacts imitations, helping them earn a sizable piece of the artifacts market that was monopolized solely by the dwarves.

Yet, instead of holding into that piece, they allowed their greed to take control and start seeking profit instead of the artifacts' quality.

This almost ended up causing the entire artifacts market to crash, pissing off the dwarves for eternity.

Felix might not be as foolish to be enslaved by his greed, but he understood that he wanted numerous things in life...If Aegnor decided to bring out and enhance that greed in his heart, god knows what would happen.

'If he decided to escape, it will be quite easy.' Candace added, 'Unlike me, his main body was in a ghost state, making him untargetable. So, he can ditch Aegnor's body and escape through the void realm if things went south.'

'So, if we went for this, and he was a djin, we only have one chance to make it right?'

'Pretty much.'

'What about Nimo?' Felix inquired, 'Do you think he can control him like the other void creatures?'

'I honestly don't know.' Candace replied while glancing at Nimo, 'He has never attempted to control me. So, I don't know if he just can't do it yet, or he simply doesn't feel like it.'

'I see...'

The only reason Felix managed to catch Candace was because she invaded his mind with her main consciousness.

Nimo had nothing to do with her besides luring her with his similar aura to the paragon of sins...In other words, Nimo's ability to control unique void creature was never put to test before.

'I guess we can only test it out on you, sorry about that.' Felix said.

'It's fine, I also want to know.' Candace smiled.

'Let's leave this later.' Felix remarked as he knocked on the glass door.

He was standing far too long in front of the glass door, and he knew that Lady Yggdrasil could feel his presence.

...

In a short while, Felix exited the royal garden with the world tree first root within his AP Bracelet...He honestly was quite surprised by its humongous size as it barely fitted within his largest spatial card.

'So, are we going to the Dwarven empire right now, or you will handle that idiot's situation first.' Asna asked.

'Elder Cyclope is first.' Felix answered.

Felix knew that Aegnor would be here when he returned...As long as he didn't know that his identity was already exposed, nothing much would change.

If so, why rush his situation?

Sometime later, Felix, Candace, and Nimo could be seen standing inside the same cave where he trained with Selphie.

"Are you ready?" Felix asked.

"Yes." Candace nodded.

"Nimo, can you order her to sit?" Felix spoke with Nimo as he made gestures with his hands to make his message easily understood.

Eee Eee?

It looked like Nimo understood him as he titled his head cutely in confusion while squeaking at Candace.

He was giving the impression that he understood what Felix wanted, but was confused about his reasoning since this was Candace.

"Don't worry, just go for it." Felix comforted him.

Eee Eee.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Nimo stopped hesitating and turned to face Candace with his loving cute face.

However, in a split second, his red eyes started shimmering brilliantly as he showed Candace an expression that would forever live rent-free in her mind.

Thud!

Candace fell on her knees by her own volition, feeling like her existence would be extinguished if she didn't do so!

The shocking part? Nimo didn't even order her yet!

"Alright, that's enough." Felix patted Nimo in the head to stop him after seeing that Candace was shivering on the ground like a wounded puppy.

Eee Eee!

Nimo returned to his chirpy-self instantly and went to play around in the cave.

"Are you okay?" Felix asked with a concerned tone as he helped Candace stand up.

"I...I am fine." Candace replied with a pale complexity, seeming like she was rescued after drowning.

"What happened there?" Asna asked in intrigue.

"I don't know...But I saw myself as nothing but a tiny particle in front of Lord Nimo." Candace answered while glancing at Nimo with a fearful look.

She was so shocked by the experience, she started addressing Nimo as lord again...All the fun time and bonding she spent with him was wrecked in a single moment.

She was awaken to the reality that Nimo was her god, her creator, her savior, her everything...Or at least, the replacement to her previous god.

"I guess we know our answer about Aegnor's fate." Felix remarked with a frigid tone.

If even Candace became like this when Nimo got serious with her, there was no need to mention what would happen to a stranger of the void race!

 