After knowing that Aegnor's fate was sealed, Felix embarked on his journey towards the Dwarven empire.

Meanwhile, Aegnor was currently meeting with his partners in the war room, updating them on the good news.

It looked like the war room had been tripled in size as many fiends and void succubi were added.

As for imitators and djins? They were quite harder to convince since they had to worry about losing their identities if everything went south.

"Good job, Aegnor." Arthur praised with a head nod while sitting next to the head chair in a round marble table...Naturally, The Ruiner was taking the head chair as he was considered the pride of the fiends in the void race.

In other words, he was the only one capable of making other proud fiends accept having him above them a bit.

"We can now be aware of his movements as well learn everything about him." Meriam smiled charmingly, "Make sure to dig specially on his weaknesses."

"The humans are the key to this war...As long as we get rid of their headspear, they will be nothing but sheep to farm." Arthur added.

"I will try my best, but you should know that I might not be bringing you any updates for a while." Aegnor shared with a serious tone, "I always feel like that sl*t Candace is breathing down my neck. I must play this as safely as possible to not expose my identity."

"That's only natural."

"Be careful on every move you make...Your identity is everything."

"Agreed, we have no need for Intel about him this early on preparation. So just focus on cultivating your relationship with him."

Everyone in the war room showed Aegnor support on his mission, making him sigh in relief mentally.

'Aegnor knew that his position in the war room depended heavily on his relationship with Felix.

If it wasn't for him being in the right position at the right time, he wouldn't have been invited this early to join the war.

So, if he wanted to keep his high position and succeed in his goal, he must make his mission always relevant to the efforts of the war.

Alas...If only he knew what awaited him after Felix return to Forlond, he would have tucked his tail between his legs and fled as far as possible...

***

Seven Days Later...

'Felix, we are about to pass over the Dwarven capital planet, Dazadus. Should I make a short stop or move on?' Candace informed as she slowed down her speed.

'Hmmm, since we are already here, might as well do a little scouting.' Felix replied.

'Alright.'

Candace made a small turn and increased her speed again. In less than a few minutes, she was already near a dwarf brownish planet that seemed to have not a drop of water on its surface.

It was just surmounting brownish mountains chains and dried out fields across the entire planet...Even the clouds were orange and covered the majority of the planet, making it hard to see the surface.

Since they were illegally trespassing, Felix wasn't concerned with the custom services near the planet.

Even if he wanted to be legal about it and enter with his spaceship, he would end up getting hunted down since humans were banned completely from any area of the Dwarven galaxy.

In fact, if he wasn't offline from network at the moment, he would have already been warned by Queen Ai that she would be sharing his location with the Dwarven authorities until he leaves the galaxy.

'We have less than two hours, so let's make it count.' Felix said.

Candace nodded in understanding and swiftly entered the brown planet...After reaching the surface, she went to the nearest mountain to her and flew underneath it at a moderate speed.

In a few moments, a vast mesmerizing city emerged before her own eyes. 

This was the city of Meldoruhl or what everyone else call it, The Sunhold.

It was built underneath this rugged mountainous chain, following its exact curves and turns...This made it resemble a long dragon symbol from above.

For a city built underground, it was extremely bright as there were thousands of illuminating crystals on the ceiling and near the steel metallic buildings.

Its allure was matched by the backdrop of rich, luscious fields which have helped shape the city to what it was today.

The resources these fields brought were of great importance since nothing could be grown on the surface of the planet.

It looked like those fields were relied on for a long time as they had influenced the architectural designs of the city...The vast majority of buildings were built with an abundance of large windows to mimic the openness of fields.

It seemed like many cultures had left their mark not just on business, but also upon the city's identity as the skyline was riddled with similar metallic modern skyscrapers.

Each was more impressive than the next...They might seem modern-like, but they weren't generic in the slightest as they resembled giant metallic obelisks with pointy head.

At the very center, a building stood out of the rest as it occupied at least 5% of the entire city! It was built on a mound, making it seem to be supervising everything and everyone.

Unlike the metallic skyscrapers, it was a golden palace with a giant circular disk at the very top...The disk was held by nothing as it kept defying gravity while slowly turning around itself.

This disk wasn't for decoration purposes but acted like a sun as it was embedded with billions of illuminating crystals!

It was giving off a gentle light to every corner of the city, making it seem alive even underneath a barrel planet.

Fortunately for Felix, he was able to see this phenomenal architectural at least once in his lifetime through Candace's consciousness vision sharing.

'It's really more beautiful in real world...' Felix commentated with a tone filled with admiration.

'Should I head straight to the Sun Palace?' Candace asked.

'Yes, we need to gather as much information as possible.' Felix nodded.

Felix knew that the Nethersteel was going to be the hardest material to gather if proper ways were used.

Unlike the dragons, the dwarves wouldn't even entertain having him around...Don't even mention striking a trade deal or something similar.

Even if he used all of his wishes to create a false identity, it would barely last a a few years.

Disguising as different human was nothing like disguising as another race in the eyes of the alliance...Especially if the other race absolutely abhorred you.

After entering the palace, the first thing that Felix saw bearded dwarves walking back and forth with dirty clothes and big patches of skin covered in soot.

They were mixed in with other clean dwarves carrying giant jars of bears as they laughed thunderously on their way.

If one didn't know any better, he would have no way to guess that some of those dwarves were actually part of the royalty!

'Only dwarves has such a loose heirachy where even the emperor can hang around with the bottom ranked forger and still laugh together like old friends.' Felix commentated with an envious tone.

Dwarves had no such emotions as greed, envy or jealously...They all consider themselves to be on equal terms from the moment they were born.

This completely removed any sense of superiority they could have on each other. Because of their lack of such sinful desires, they also had no intentions of seeking such an empty sensation.

The only thing in their minds was creating the best of the best artifacts...Since the race needed some structure to operate properly, the ranks were based off the grade of artifact a dwarf had forged.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

The current Emperor Lokhil had obtained his position and authority through forging a legendary artifact!

Still, Felix knew that Emperor Lokhil didn't care too much about his authority...In fact, he disliked it as it gave him too many responsibilities, which ate most of his time.

For a dwarf to be able to forge a legendary artifact, it only implied that his talent and passion was over the roof.

'We are really dicks to even antagonize such a passionate and pure hearted race.' Felix sighed as he kept watching the dwarves enter and leave the Sun Palace like it was their home.

The Sun Palace was considered to be a public property for everyone...Even other races could pay a visit and tour inside for as long as they pleased.

'Where to now?' Candace asked.

'Let's search for the treasury.' Felix requested, 'I want to see how the Nethersteel looks like in real life.'

'Of course you do.' Asna giggled in amusement.

'You really think too lowly of me.' Felix coughed.

'We will see.'