Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Damn it, he is defintely going to sabotage me." Felix cursed with an irritated expression.

He knew that the game didn't assign them to have partners for no reason...The celestials would be damn strong for just one player to handle.

Since he was already assigned Marquise Sebastian, he couldn't ally with anyone else but him.

If he decided to ditch him and go solo, Marquise Sebastian would be getting 50k points free every time Felix managed to slay a celestial.

"I doubt he will go so far to sabotage you under the public eyes." Asna reasoned lazily, "He is the right hand of the duchess, so he has a responsibility to maintain and protect his royal reputation."

Asna did make plenty of sense in her assumption...This game included many authoritative figures with entire races on their shoulders.

Even if they were champions as well, they would be finding it difficult to accept an order that would affect their reputation negatively.

"If it is someone else, I would have agreed." Felix scoffed, "But, this is champion of that bastard, who didn't give two cent about his own face during the primogenitor's event. You think he will care about his champion's worries?"

True enough, Manananggal robbed Felix out of a win in the primogenitor's game under the eyes of his own peers, making him lose face immensely.

Ever since then, his reputation was on the decline as most primogenitors weren't treating him with the same respect as before.

For someone who already lost this much, it wouldn't matter to him to add a little more of shame.

"Well, I guess you can only pray and brace for the worst."

"This is really off-putting." Felix sighed in exasperation before focusing back on the players list.

//

Elder Forrester (Heavenly Turtle): Empyrean Rank 334/Winrate 90.51%

Jaygat (Royal Green Dragon): Empyrean Rank 321/Winrate 93.52%

Pagur(Shadowborn): Empyrean Rank 350/Winrate 90.2%ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Unpaid Landlord (Human) Empyrean Rank 476/Winrate 100%

Mipopo (Space Worm): Empyrean Rank 311/Winrate 94.33%

Knight Guard N8(Official Wasp N3): Empyrean Rank 387/Winrate 93.87%

Garr, The DarknessManifestor(Gremlin): Empyrean Rank 348/Winrate 83.69%

Aquamia (Noble Fishermen): Empyrean Rank 348/Winrate 85.88%

Marquise Sebastian (Vampire): Empyrean Rank 366/Winrate 89.45%

Daydreamer (Winged Elf)Empyrean Rank 305/Winrate 93.1%//

Those were the entire ten players participating in this game...All of them were from different races, which were all ranked in the top thirty in the alliance.

Unlike other games, where the champions had golden light shimmering on their names to distinguish them, each two players were colored the same.

In the case of Felix, he was colored in blue with Marquise Sebastian, making him recognize that he was his partner.

When Felix saw the rest of the partnerships, his eyelids couldn't but twitch. Almost all of them had perfect synergies with each other compared to his crappy situation.

For example, Mipopo was partnered with Daydreamer...One used space element and the other was a highly gifted spellcaster with a firm grasp of gravity and nature runes.

They could easily combine gravity with space to create absolute unescapable spatial traps!

There was no need to mention the rest.

"At least your win streak looks oppressing compared to them." Asna giggled in amusement.

One would expect that all the empyrean players would have Winrate close 100%...But, it couldn't be further from the truth.

After all, the empyrean ranked system was wholly different from the ranks below it. It was mandatory to participate in games to maintain the fire.

Since most of those players were playing these games for a very long time, it was normal to start picking up loses on the way...Especially, when they were contesting against powerful monsters just like them.

In other words, players with 99% Winrate would end up with merely 70% Winrate after a decade of playing in this league.

Felix knew that he could only try his best to keep this momentum going before finally hitting an unbreakable wall...

....

While Felix was analyzing how to get the most of his shitty situation, the Darkin faction members were holding a meeting with their two champions.

"We have been bestowed with a lifetime chance to finally make that brat has a taste of a humiliating defeat." Wendigo spoke with a tone filled with venom, "I swear to god if you wasted it, I will skin you both alive."

Garr and Marquise Sebastian felt goosebumps in their skin at his threat...They were certain that Wendigo wasn't talking crap to scare them off.

"Why can't you be more gentle?" Manananggal smiled faintly as he eased up their champions, "Don't get too stressed...No harm will befall you as long as you give it your best in taking down that punk."

"I will not disappoint you." Marquise Sebastian spoke for himself as he bowed respectfully towards his ancestor.

When he was summoned here, he had a slime hope that his ancestor wouldn't go far enough to ask him to sabotage his own chance to win the game for the sake of their personal gratification.

After all, the vampire royal family and the entire race was on the line.

He knew that the public had no idea about the champions' games, which would make them believe that Marquise Sebastian was doing all of this out of spite.

For the second hand of the duchess to be this petty wasn't a good representation at all.

Unfortunately, he could see that Manananggal didn't care about any of this.

If he dared not to make Felix lose the game as his priority, he would receive a much worse torture than just being skinned alive...

"I don't care which method you use, just make him lose this game." Saurous rubbed his tired eyelids, "You are empyreans, don't be as useless as the rest."

Garr and Marquise Sebastian could only put a resolved looks to satisfy their ancestors...But deep down?

None of them wanted any part of this shitty war between the Darkin faction and the Asgardian faction.

The older one gets, the more he cherished his life and the little things.

Sadly, they had no say in this...

***

Two weeks later...Five minutes before the start of the game...

Felix could be seen maintaining the tradition of playing poker with his tenants for some good luck. He knew that he would be needing plenty of it in this game.

In the past two weeks, he heard news that the rest of his opponents had gathered and trained with each other to further their chances of winning the game.

Meanwhile, he hadn't spoken to Marquise Sebastian even once.

As for the primogenitors? They already gathered a long while ago and placed their bets.

Since eight players were representing someone, there were quite plenty of primogenitors joining the fun.

Unfortunately for Lady Sphinx, no one betted a maniacal monolith this time since she already robbed them clean of them.

"Alright, I will be heading out." Felix smiled faintly as he threw his useless cards in the table, "Wish me luck."

"If your luck was as bad as in this poker game, you are really doomed." Asna joked.

"Can't you keep your mouth shut if you don't have anything nice to say." Felix's eyelids twitched as he looked at Asna, making faces at him.

Not wanting to waste time on amusing her, Felix returned to the real world and logged in...After a short while of meditation, he was summoned to the game hall.

The moment Felix opened his eyes, he saw that all the players were standing in pairs...It looked like they were comfortable with each other to speak freely.

Meanwhile, Marquise Sebastian and him were like the black sheep in a herd. One was isolated at the far-right corner and the other was in the left corner.

None of them spoke or bothered to walk to the other.

"Seems like the rising star is having a quarrel with his partner." Aquamia chuckled as she eyed the intense stare down between Felix and Marquise Sebastian.