Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Looks like Landlord and Marquise Sebastian have decided to target the Venomous Scorpion Celestial! Is it a great choice or a bad one?" Ulfang commentated as he focused the camera on the scorpion celestial.

The viewers were able to figure things out for themselves as the scorpion celestial's states and abilities were all in display in a separate screen.

"All of his venomous attacks are useless against Felix, but the marquise will struggle immensely." Aegnor said as he watched the game live next to his cousins.

"His greatest asset is still his unbreakable exoskeleton." Elnora added, "Unless they find his weakness and target it, they won't be able to slay it."

All the celestials had specific weaknesses to help the players deal with them appropriately.

In the case of the scorpion celestial, the viewers knew that it was underneath his torso.

Fortunately, the scorpion celestial was humongous, making it somewhat easy to access the bottom of his torso.

It didn't take long before Felix and Marquise Sebastian arrived near the scorpion celestial.

Instead of rushing him in a brain-dead fashion, they both hide themselves and started analyzing it.

'What do you have in mind, genius?' Marquise Sebastian asked sarcastically after his advice to switch targets was ignored. 

'Be quiet.' Felix shushed him calmly and kept zooming in and out of every inch of the scorpion celestial, hoping to find some sort of weakness.

He knew that the platform would never let the players go against such strong virtual creatures without offering them a way to succeed.

As he assumed, he soon found out about the lower torso weakness.

It was a small hole with thousands of dark soft spikes...Felix didn't know whether that was his poo hole or something else.

In his eyes, if there's a hole there's a way!

'Listen up, you can either choose to act as an distraction or be the slayer.' Felix said after sharing his findings with Marquise Sebastian.

'Ummm...' Marquise Sebastian thought about his answer deeply, knowing that both roles had their advantages and disadvantages.

In the case of being the distractor, he would be in less danger since all he needed to do was focus on evading the scorpion celestial's attacks.

If shit hit the fan, he could always retreat to safety. Though, he wouldn't be getting the last hit in this manner.

On the other hand, the slayer would have to go right below the scorpion celestial.

Just like any intelligent creature, there was no way they would leave their weaknesses unprotected.

So, if the scorpion celestial felt even an ounce of threat to his weakness, he could just as easily drop his attention on the other player and completely got batshit on the one targeting his weakness.

Nevertheless, if everything went right, he would be earning 100k points instead of 50k.

'But, why was I given the choice in the first place?' Marquise Sebastian frowned as he peeked at Felix from the corner of his eyes.

In his mind, he believed that Felix would take every chance to gain as many points as possible before he switched up on him...Even if it meant taking big risks.

'Does he know something, and he isn't sharing or is he just playing reverse psychology to force me to be the distractor?'

The more Marquise Sebastian thought about it the deeper he dug himself...Unfortunately for him, Felix didn't have unlimited patience.

'Make your mind quickly before I make it for you.' Felix said with an irritated tone.

'Don't rush me, kid.' Marquise Sebastian replied coldly.

They might be partners in the same game, but Marquise Sebastian still treated Felix as mere child...It was normal since he was alive for over half the period of the alliance's foundation!

He could be considered as the oldest in this game next to Elder Forrester, the heavenly turtle.

'As they say, the older you get, the fewer risks you take.' Felix scoffed before standing up, 'I will be attacking, you act as a distraction.'

'Like hell you will.' Marquise Sebastian denied his proposal immediately before standing up as well.

He stopped thinking too much about this and just picked the best option for him at the moment. Obviously, it was to keep Felix from getting too many points and win the game.

'Make sure to distract him properly.' 

Not leaving Felix the time to reject, Marquise Sebastian swiftly summoned his bat wings and flew around the scorpion celestial, planning to make a move from the back.

Felix showed a hidden cunning glint in his eyes before switching back to his serious expression. The ones, who picked up that sudden switch, knew that Felix was up to no good.

Whoosh!!

After Felix saw that Marquise Sebastian had taken his position, he cracked his knuckles and jumped in the open right in front of the scorpion celestial.

Although there were a couple of kilometers between them, Felix still appeared like a rice grain in front of the scorpion celestial.

Still, not an ounce of fear was seen in his indifferent eyes.

Because of the scorpion celestial had an eagle head, its eyes were extremely sharp...This made it spot Felix even through the size difference.

KRAAAAA!!!

It squawked noisily and charged towards Felix with murderous red eyes. It's towering thick eight black legs kept smashing on the ground, leaving deep craters with each step!

The viewers held their breaths tightly at the sight of Felix standing with a composed expression while being rushed by this godly entity.

Just the sight of it had already installed fear in their hearts, they didn't dare to imagine how it would have been like in Felix's position!

'Why isn't he moving?' Marquise Sebastian was left confused by Felix's inactivity.

He thought that he would be running away or at least using his defensive abilities to protect himself and buy him some time to sneak up.

But Felix held his ground even when the scorpion celestial was about to crush him with merely the weight of one of his giant pincers!

BOOOOM!!

The sharp pincer smashed the ground, raising a giant cloud dust in place of Felix. Before the viewers could react, Felix dashed out of the dust cloud akin to a spear!

He wasn't running in the opposite direction, but actually sprinting on top of the scorpion celestial's pincer!

KRAAAA!!

The scorpion celestial started waving his pincer left and right, trying to throw Felix away.

Too bad, Felix was utilizing his electromagnetic discharges to make his feet glued on the exoskeleton smooth surface.

In less than a second, Felix already made it on top of the eagle's head!

It posessed a glowing green beak and murderous red eyes, but no fur at all...It was also covered entirely with the exoskeleton, making it a protected body part.

KRAAAA!! BOOM BOOM!!

The scorpion used both of its pincers to smash its head, not caring about damaging itself in the process of kicking off Felix.

Too bad, Felix was just too nimble. When those attacks failed, the scorpion celestial used its deadliest weapon...The stinger!Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

It was extremely long as it possessed the same length of the body, making it able to reach everywhere around the scorpion.

Instead of using it to pierce Felix, the scorpion celestial brought it near its head and spew a gooey dark green liquid!

Felix glanced at the incoming shower of the venomous liquid and manifested an umbrella made out of white adamantine. 

The poison might not affect him, but he knew that it could be acidic and end up damaging his suit majorly!

'When are you planning to attack?' Felix asked calmly as he kept annoying the scorpion celestial, making it place its entire focus on him.

'Right now.' Marquise Sebastian replied as he flew as close as possible to the ground while covering himself in a veil made out of blood...Because of the environment, he ended up being camouflaged perfectly.

As expected, the scorpion celestial hadn't noticed him when he sneaked between his legs and travelled under his massive torso.

'I have arrived.' Marquise Sebastian updated as he eyed the spiky hole...It was quite creepy alright as it looked like the inside of a space worm's mouth.

'Kill it.'

'You don't have to say it.' Marquise Sebastian narrowed his eyes at the hole while manifesting a gigantic spear made out of blood. 

What's peculiar about it was its color as it was turning darker and darker.

"Marquise Sebastian is using his killer move from the get go! A smart decision!" Ulfang explained passionately, "He is the only blood elementalist, who is capable of turning his blood into a infestation hive of millions of deadly viruses!!"

It might sound easy to pull off, but every blood elementalist knew that they would never pull it off in their lifetimes as they didn't have the dedication for it!

That's because the blood elementalist was required to infect himself with the virus first and make his blood fight against it and win the war without any use of medication!

Only then could he keep the virus inhabited in his blood and utilize it in his own blood abilities.

While blood elementalists could do this for a virus, two viruses, or even ten. No one could reach Marquise Sebastian's number as this was his specialty.

Even Duchess Aline wasn't a match to him in this department!

'Kill it for me my little darlings.' Marquise Sebastian remarked with a faint cold smile as he shot the dark blood arrow inside the spiky hole.

KRAAAAA!!!

The moment the scorpion celestial sensed a cold sensation in its po po hole, it reacted violently by folding its legs, trying to squash anything below it!

'Crap!' Marquise Sebastian's elegant face was no more as he flew at the top of his speed, knowing that he wouldn't get out of this in one piece if the scorpion celestial's torso landed on him.

THUUD!!

Tremors spread throughout tens of kilometers on the moon after the scorpion fell on the ground.

The viewers tried their best to find Marquise Sebastian, but alas, the dust cloud blocked their visions.

Just as Ulfang was going to highlight Marquise Sebastian's body, he was seen bursting out of the dust cloud while being protected inside a white crystallized sphere.

Felix was controlling the crystallized sphere with his finger while sitting on top of the scorpion celestial's beak.

"Did Felix just save a vampire?!" Elnora exclaimed with a tone filled with disbelief.