Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Is that an actual god..."

One of the viewers mumured with a look filled with awe at the sight of a golden illuminating statue with thousands of arms and four heads facing each cardinal direction!

The statue was hovering slightly above ground, defying gravity with its ginormous size.

The size alone was enough to install fear in anyone's hearts as it made the scorpion celestial resemble an ant before an elephant!

As for its heads? Each one had a different visage and expression, making him seem quite bizarre and otherworldly.

"How in the hell anyone can take this down..." Elnora mumured while trying her best to stare directly into the god's eyes.

Even while she was away and safe, she was still feeling somewhat terrified of him.

Everyone removed any notion of having their idols slay this ethereal entity...In their eyes, they would be proud if they managed to remove one of his arms!

Abruptly, One of the god's heads moved slowly to the right and stared into the area where Felix was buried.

When the viewers looked into the head's three eyes, they saw a reflection of a white crystal cube!

No one knew how was that even possible when Felix was buried many kilometers away!

"Oh no..."

Just as Felix's fans were about to express their worry, their words ended up halting at their throat at the sight of the crystallized cube being forcefully dug out from the ground by mere telekinesis...

Then, the crystallized cube was brought next to the god's head, making the dumbfounded Felix come face to face with him...

The entire sequence happened in less than a split second, leaving Felix's mind still in shambles throughout the process!

'I am scre...'

BOOOOOM!!!

Before Felix could finish his sentence, one of the statue's golden palm slapped the Crystallized cube away like it was swatting an insect!

The cube was sent flying to the stars, disappearing out of sight almost instantly...

"..."

"..."

"..."

The viewers could only watch speechlessly as the virtual god's pull back his palm to its resting position.

He neither spoke nor had a change of expression like dealing with Felix was merely a child's play.

When Ulfang switched to Felix's camera, he saw the cube buried deep within a moon's natural crater, leaving only half of it exposed.

Crack!

Suddenly, the cube cracked apart and turned into many big fragments...This showed Felix bleeding from his nose while holding his temples with deep wrinkles on his forehead.

"F*cking hell...He slapped the wind out of me." Felix grimaced painfully as he felt like his entire body had its organs rearranged.

No one had a clue how truly monstrous the force was in that palm...Though, the white adamantine cube breaking apart should tell them enough!

"Well, this is quite bad for Felix." Asna frowned as she fixed her sitting posture to a more serious one. 

"I know...That virtual entity's mental strength is already enough to put him in place." Candace nodded.

The fact that the god was able to fish out Felix from such a far distance by merely sensing his brain waves was already scary enough.

Don't even mention his physical prowess that could break even white adamantine...Something that Felix couldn't even pull off with his monstrous strength!

After Felix recovered, he jumped outside the crater and looked in direction of the moon's dark side.

He couldn't even see it in the horizon, making him realize that he must have traveled at least half of the moon!

"This isn't right." Felix knitted his eyebrows, "I know that the virtual god should be strong, but not to this degree."

Felix knew that even if he was a god, he should have either a weakness to defeat him or balanced strength to deal with him if they worked together.

​ After what happened to him, he completely dropped the second assumption, knowing that even if a hundred of them fought, they would never defeat him!

"He must possess some sort of weakness." Felix said, "Unless I found it, I can forget about getting near him."

For now, Felix decided to return to the dark side and analyze the virtual god from a distance...When he arrived, he found out that Jaygat, Elder Forrester and the rest of the empyreans were already there.

Only Mipopo and Daydreamer were nowhere to be seen...The rest were staying in exposed areas while staring at the virtual golden statue from a distance.

All of them shared the same solemn expression at the behemoth size of the virtual god.

Felix ignored them for now and zoomed in, wanting to study everything about his target.

Unfortunately, he didn't find anything noteworthy since the virtual god was exactly like a statue.

Unmoving and unreactive.

"What do you think, Meriam?" Sage Arthur asked as he eyed holographic screen, that was displaying the current silent standoff.

"It's over for them." Meriam replied lazily while popping a chewing gum.

The Ruiner and the rest of the newly appointed upper echolone of the war room all nodded in agreement.

It was only natural that Arthur would call for everyone to an emergency meeting for the sake of watching this game and studying Felix's strength much better.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

After all, he was their most important target in their upcoming war.

"I think the same." Arthur smiled faintly, "The virtual god's stats are just too insane."

When Ulfang highlighted them, everyone couldn't help but believe the same.

"The virtual god has four heads for a reason. Each one is responsible over a type of power!" Ulfang disclosed as he took advantage of the players' inactivity to explain the virtual god's powers.

"The Northern Head with three eyes can only use mentalist abilities. The Southern Head with the salamander's looking mouth can use only magma abilities." Ulfang paused and highlighted the remaining two heads, "The goat-like western one can use light abilities while the last eastern one uses metal abilities."

The more information they heard, the harder their confidence in their idols crashed.

In their eyes, there was simply no way their idols could win against a triple elementalist virtual god with strength to break the moon and mental prowess to lock down kilometers of radius.

Sneaking up wasn't going to work and facing him head first would be a fatal mistake!

"I know what you are thinking, but the virtual god isn't an immortal being." Ulfang grinned, "He also posessed a weakness and quite an inconvenient one!"

This brought some hope to the viewers. Alas, his answer wasn't what they had expected.

"The virtual god can only use the abilities of two heads at once!"

"..."

"..."

"..."

It was a weakness alright, but even an idiot here knew that it still didn't change much! Using abilities of two heads was still more than enough to crash their idols.

The worst part? Felix and the others had no idea about this, and it wasn't easy to find out about it!

As expected, Felix and the others soon gave up on studying the virtual god after not finding anything useful.

'I guess I am left with only one option.' Felix rubbed his eyelids in irritation as he glanced at Jaygat...It looked like Jaygat had the same thought as he was caught staring back at Felix.

Both them seemed to dislike their mutual idea greatly!