Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Under the dumbfounded eyes of the viewers, Felix's size expanded at a rapid speed as he fell towards the ground.

1000m...2000m...3000m!!

THUUUUUD!!!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Even when he smashed the ground, leaving a gigantic crater filled with ravines, he still didn't stop growing!

4000m....7000m...10,000m!

"He has reached the same size as the virtual god..." 

"Hooooollyy shit!"

Everyone thought with their jaws on the ground that Felix would halt after reaching half the size of the virtual god.

Too bad, Felix wasn't even close to his limitation as his size kept getting bigger and bigger while charging towards the virtual god!

12000m...15000m...19000m!!!

Only after matching the size of the virtual god did he finally stop growing!

Felix had truly gone all out to finish this job!

Unbeknownst to anyone, his current size was powered by merely what remained of his energy tank as he had no infinite void energy.

As for using the conversion technique?

He knew that it would be too noticeable with his current size, which would expose him to the primogenitors that he owned three perfect manipulations!

'I have twenty seconds before I pass out.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly while enlarging his crystallized pole to match his size, shocking the viewers even more.

With the white poisonous cloud released around his crotch and buttocks to hide them, he truly resembled Hercules on a quest to slay a god!

Before the viewers could react to this inconceivable sight, Felix swung the giant crystallized pole with everything he got at three eyed head!

Without metal element to defend or light element to escape away, the three eyed head could only stare at the incoming cosmic pole and try his very best to block it with his telekinesis.

Unfortunately, his mental prowess had taken a big hit against Knight Guard N8, making him face the immeasurable crystallized pole's force in his weakened state.

The result?

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

It penetrated his telekinesis shield without much resistance and landed on the top of his scalp, causing his skull to immediately blow out akin to a watermelon!!

The force was still not completely negated as it traveled to the rest of his body, breaking most of his right shoulder's bones and arms!

Craaack!!

The rest of the force reached the ground and managed to leave humongous long chasms with Felix and the virtual god in the center!

It was like the force also reached the viewers as every one of them felt goosebumps travel through their skin at the sight of Felix standing a mere meter taller than the virtual god.

It was barely noticeable, and it shouldn't matter much, but in the hearts of the viewers it was everything!

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

The last surviving head cried painfully after being left all alone.

His stoic and cold expression was no longer seen as he was finally forced to participate in this fight!

As last countermeasures to protect himself, he unleashed a flood of hot red lava from what remained out of his skin, wanting to force Felix away.

Unfortunately, the only response he got was a wide cold smirk from Felix.

"Why do you think I left you last?" Felix said as he allowed himself to be completely covered in lava without an ounce of fear or worry.

Forget about the viewers even the virtual god seemed like he was too stunned to speak by the sight of his most offensive element being completely useless against Felix!

Felix always trusted in his fire immunity to protect him against lava since its base damage was still heat.

He was immune to all kinds of heat, regardless of what source it came from!

"DIEE!"

Without a single second wasted, Felix pulled back his crystallized pole and held it with both of his arms before swinging it at the salamander's head akin to a baseball batter!

However, the salamander's head didn't make it easy for him as he protected his head with helmet made out of hardened magma!

BOOOOM!!

The crystallized pole managed to break the hardened magma, but the rest of the force merely bruised the salamander's head.

To make matters worse, the virtual god seemed like he sensed that Felix couldn't maintain his godly form as he entered into a fortified defense.

He kept releasing hardened magma to create shields and walls around him while simultaneously manifesting hundreds of gigantic meteors in the sky above him!

Whoosh Whoosh...!

He made them fall down on both himself and Felix!

Felix knew that he couldn't use his elemental energy to protect himself against the meteor shower.

'Ten seconds...I can't retreat!'

Time wasn't in his favor, making him go absolutely wild in his attacks, smashing one barrier after another!

BOOM BOOM BOOM!!

At the same time, the gigantic meteors kept crashing on his head and the rest of his body before breaking apart into fragments.

Felix might be immune to fire, but the force still bruised him and made his head bleed! Still Felix toughened through the pain and dizziness to keep his neverending onslaughter.

'Five seconds...I can't make it, I actually won't make it...'

Sadly, no matter how many protective magma walls he broke apart, double that amount gets created!

This made Felix's confidence to win this get hit with each second ticking by.

"This is bad!! The virtual god might have only one head, but he still posessed an insane amount of elemental energy and if he focused purely on defense, he can survive for plenty of time!" Asna bite her nails nervously, knowing that Felix couldn't afford to maintain his size forever.

The viewers might not know the exact time, but they discerned that Felix's form had a short duration. If not, he would have used it from the very start of the fight!

This exact reasoning was what keeping Daydreamer and Mipopo from making their move at such a chaotic and dangerous environment.

They knew that if they got themselves involved in such a battle between two godly entities, they might regret it.

So, they kept waiting patiently for the perfect opportunity.

'Three seconds...Am I actually going to fail slaying him after everything I went through?'

The more Felix thought about all the struggles he went through in the entire game the angrier he became.

Felix rarely got pissed or lost his cool during a fight since he knew that cool-headedness was always the key to winning hard fights.

But no matter how much he squeezed his brain for a solution to end this battle in those three seconds, he failed to come up with anything.

Elemental abilities couldn't be used, and he knew that retreating now would merely present an opportunity to Mipopo and Daydreamer to steal his kill.

In other words, he was absolutely stumped!

'F*ck this! I refuse to let this game end in this manner!' Felix's eye suddenly turned bloodshot as he screamed with a crazed expression, "I REFUSE!"

Just like he had pressed on a long-lost button, Felix's dragon heart began pumping extremely hot blood through his entire body.

This made his body turn crimson from bottom to top, making him resemble a fiendish demonic creature from hell itself!

To add even more flavor, extremely hot smoke kept releasing Felix's skin with each movement he made.

DRAGON FURY INNATE ABILITY WAS FINALLY ACTIVATED!

This caused the viewers' eyes to pop out of their sockets, having absolutely no f*cking clue what the hell was going on!

Even the primogenitors were taken back, making them unable to take their eyes off Felix, whose speed, strength, and just raw prowess looked like it had doubled!

BOOOM BOOOOM BOOOOM!!...

The magma shields and walls, which were causing Felix a great deal of pain before, were now getting blown into countless fragments with one swing from him!

As for the meteors? They hit Felix's body and exploded on the spot, not managing to even stagger him for a little!

This caused Felix to arrive next to the virtual god before he could recreate his shields. Just like he had absolutely lost his mind, Felix didn't even aim at the head.

Instead, he kept thrashing the virtual god's body from every direction, not caring about anything but turning him into a pool of meshed up meat and blood!

Under the terrified and stunned eyes of the viewers, this exactly what happened as the virtual god lost completely every sensation he had about his body.

He fell into the ground broken akin to a doll with blood, flesh, bones, and limbs thrown everywhere. The only thing that was still somewhat intact was the head.

The head was so close to Felix, he didn't even bother to smash it with his crystallized pole...He merely lifted his bloodied giant foot and smashed it into pieces, adding a bit more blood to his already completely tainted body!

Only then did the peacefulness of the moon had been restored...Neither the viewers spoke neither did Felix.

He just kept his head lowered while having his freed long hair cover his face entirely. With his giant antlers being painted completely red, they resembled horns, which made Felix seem even more devilish than before.

The sight of him inhaling and exhaling as he stood above the slain virtual god struck absolutely crippling terror in the hearts of everyone...Even Daydreamer and Mipopo, who didn't dare take a single step outside the spatial pocket after seeing Felix's demonic transformation.

They opened a rift, hoping to kill steal, but their instincts completely froze their feet, making them feel like if they dared get close to Felix, only death awaited them!

Suddenly, this magnificent and haunting image was broken by the sight of Felix's body getting reduced in size at a rapid pace.

In less than a few seconds, he was seen floating on his back on a lake of blood with giant fleshy parts and bones around him.

He had his eyes slightly closed...

'Sigh...I slayed the god but at what cost?' Felix cracked a faint bitter smile, knowing that he was on the verge of losing consciousness.

He was completely burnt out in all departments, and he knew that regardless of what he did, he wasn't going to escape from Daydreamer and Mipopo.

Even if he recovered a bit of his gemstone energy and defended himself inside a crystal sphere, Mipopo would slice him from within with his space manipulation...

Whether he rejected it or not, at depth of his soul, Felix knew that his time had come.

'Ahh...I really bit more than I can chew this time...' Felix closed his eyes and said the words that no one ever imagined coming out of Felix's lips.

"Queen, I surrender." He mumured with a peaceful gentle smile as he finally allowed himself to lose consciousness...