Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Felix might have said it faintly, but it resounded loudly through the hearts of his fans akin to a thunderclap.

They weren't even given the time to properly cheer on Felix at his ludicrous achievement before being forced to watch him break into light particles.

Felix's fans and even his enemies had no clue how to react to this bizarre scene as no one thought it would come so soon.

"I must be tripping...My lord didn't just surrender..."

"My lifelong savings is lost...Haha, I must be dreaming."

"This isn't over yet...This isn't over yet..."

For Felix's fans? They were already under the impression that he was an undefeatable god, making it harder for them to believe what their eyes were feeding them.

As for the primogenitors?

"I have to say that your kid surely knows how to put a fine show." Erebus clapped with a satisfied expression.

Since most primogenitors join those games for entertainment, there was no one better at it than Felix, who always challenges his limitation.

"I am more surprised by his final transformation." Kumiho disclosed with a curious tone, "It resembled dragon's fury greatly."

"True."

"Is it just me or am I starting to believe that your boy has some relation with the dragon race?" Siren shared her findings, "Even the gemstones embedded on his body resembled the nine sacred attributed gemstones."

Siren might not have said everything but everyone was sharp enough to realize that Felix was using the same attributes on his elements.

"I have modified his body with an ancient dragon heart, allowing him to accept the sacred attribute gemstones and harness them." Lady Sphinx stated composedly, knowing that the truth was already in the open.

If so, she might as well control the narration.

"Is that even possible?" Saurous narrowed his eyes in suspicious, "I know that humans are extremely adaptive, but this is a whole different situation than just genetic modification."

"Plus, doesn't his elemental tank seems a bit too much?" Wendigo added with a solemn tone, "It shouldn't be possible for a human to have such a vast elemental tank that can support three elements and size manipulation of that magnitude."

Siren, Kumiho, and the rest supported Saurous' doubts, understanding that Lady Sphinx shouldn't be this omnipotent to turn a human into this monster merely with genetics modification.

They recognized that even if she was capable of pulling it off, Felix should have some sort of limitation that should make it impossible.

Unfortunately for them, Lady Sphinx wasn't easily pressured.

"I don't care what you think." Lady Sphinx eyed them calmly, "I'm not obliged to share the details of my experiments with anyone."

"We were just curious." Kumiho clicked her tongue in criticism.

Siren and the others were also left somewhat displeased since Lady Sphinx had been keeping almost every experiment on Felix a secret.

Even when they adopted their own humans and attempted to copy her achievements, the results ended up being quite lackluster.

-Congratulation to Daydreamer/Mipopo for being the team with the most points! You have won an X2 multiplier to your Empyrean Points!-

-Congratulation to Mipopo for being the player with most points! You have won another X2 multiplier to your Empyrean Points!-

-The game has been concluded, please wait for the final Performance Rating to determine if you are ranked in top 50% or the bottom 50% in this game!-

Fortunately, Queen Ai interrupted their discussion with three announcement that resounded three times in the stadium...It broke everyone from their spell.

A few of Felix's fans were taken aback by the announcements, having no clue what the hell they mean.

Not everyone studied the rules of the empyrean games or bothered to even learn their basic rules, coming here merely to cheer on Felix as always.

As for the majority? They felt like their souls were restored back to their bodies, finally remembering that empyrean games were decided by overall performance and the total amount of empyrean points earned!!

After all, there was no tier system that make the winner climb one tier and all the losers drop by one tier. 

Since there were only five hundred players in the empyrean rank, all the games were decided by performance to rank them from top to bottom, separating the top 50% and the bottom 50%!

The top 50% earn empyrean points based on their performance while the bottom 50% either lose empyrean points or break even.

Since this was an individual platform, the highest player with most empyrean points earned, would be proclaimed as the true and sole winner of the game!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"This isn't over yet!! Felix can still clutch rank 1 with his performance!" Leo shouted as he watched the game live with the rest of the main earthling team.

"You really must be dreaming...As much as I hate to admit it, but there is no way Felix is going to surpass Mipopo's total empyrean points with his X4 multiplier." Sylvia shook her head with a pessimistic expression.

"We can only wait for the performance rating and wish for the best." Olivia held her hands together with a hopeful look.

"..." Noah nodded silently as he eyed all the players getting summoned back to the stadium.

"Give a round of applause to your champions for this astounding performance!" Ulfang yelled passionately as he extended his hand towards Felix and the rest.

LANDLORD! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!!!...

The viewers thoroughly ignored his request and chanted Felix's name at the top of their lungs the moment their eyes landed on him!

No one blamed them as the final scene of Felix butchering the virtual god was still fresh in their minds.

He might have surrendered, but that didn't take away anything from his fight against the virtual god!

Felix waved his hand with a faint smile while he was dying inside. He wasn't given even a second to rest his mind before getting summoned back.

"Good job Landlord, I never knew you had that much in you." Elder Forrester praised with a head nod, not bothered by Felix's name taking over the entire stadium.

"You really managed to pull it off and slay that unkillable cockroach. I might break even on my score because of you." Aquamia finally cracked a friendly smile at Felix.

Knight Guard N8 and even Jaygat was low-key pleased that Felix had finished the job.

After all, the death of the virtual god and their assistance was going to give them a massive bump in their performance rating, making them have more chances to be part of the top 50% performers.

"I did what I had to." Felix replied with a friendly tone as well. 

Garr, Marquise Sebastian, and Fagur had an entirely different reaction as they kept staring daggers at Felix.

All three of them knew that it would take a miracle to escape being ranked in the bottom 50%.

'At least, we succeeded in our mission without damaging our reputation.' Marquise Sebastian shared telepathically.

'True, we can't ask for more.' Garr agreed with an irritated tone, 'I just hope to never land against this bastard ever again in my games.'

'You read my mind.'