'I really didn't think I will pull it off even after receiving surrender penalty.' Felix smiled with a relieved expression as he bathed under the animated cheers of his fans.

He was truly taken by surprise at the amount of empyrean points awarded to him after slaying the virtual god.

But, after hearing that its prowess was equalized to the top twenty players, it made sense.

After all, it wasn't an achievement that anyone could pull it off...If it wasn't for Felix receiving help from Knight Guard N8 and the others, it wouldn't have been possible.

"BIG CONGRATULATION TO LANDLORD!" Ulfang shouted excitedly, "I HAVE COMMENTATED PLENTY OF EMPYREAN GAMES AND THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE SEEN THIS HAPPENING!"

No one argued with that...Even the players had never seen a game's MVP lose the first rank with x4 multiplier.

They doubted this would happen anytime soon.

"Here I thought I would be saving my treasures...Your boy is really like a vacuum, he just has to suck everything out of my pockets every time." Aspidochelone smiled wryly.

"Tsk, he just got lucky that empyrean games follow performance system. If not, his surrender would have sealed his fate." Saurous scoffed.

He wouldn't feel at peace without leaving a bad remark after another brutal defeat at hands of Felix.

This time, he didn't wait for a response from Thor as he swiftly teleported away and was followed by his partners.

Fortunately, they were smart enough not to celebrate Felix's defeat after he surrendered...They were slapped far too many times, they became careful with their words and insults.

...

After four hours of napping, Felix finally woke up and went to take a quick shower...He was just too tired mentally from the game, he didn't even bother to remain for the final interview or check his current rank.

"With 390 EP I should have passed rank 400." Felix said as he opened the holographic empyrean ranking.

"You jumped straight to rank 388, not bad." Asna commentated as she eyed Felix's new rank.

"Not bad? It's quite a massive jump." Felix smiled with a pleased expression...He knew it would have taken him at least two or three MVPs to make such a drastic jump.

Since he had surpassed rank 400, this exempt him from the mandatory participation in the promotion games to empyrean rank.

"Are you going to participate in another game?" Asna wondered, knowing that Felix was allowed to join any empyrean game he desired without limitations.

"I am done for now." Felix shook his head.

The fact that he was forced to surrender had set up an alarm in Felix's mind.

Now that he was ranked in the three hundreds, he knew that couldn't participate in games lower than his rank.

The available games in the next year had average rank 100/200/400. Felix didn't dare participating in a much higher average rank after what happened in this game.

"I need to get much stronger, so I can stomp anyone in path even if I had sh*t teammates." Felix proclaimed coldly as he waved the holographic list away.

Soon, his expression turned back to easy-going after recalling the earning list. He requested Queen Ai to show it to him.

//> Empyrean Winning Wish.

> Unique Title: The GodSlayer!

> Streaming Revenue: 11.554 trillion SC

>Game Points collected solo: 0 GP //

"Damn...We are really getting paid big bucks." Felix sucked a cold breath at his earned revenue...It was higher than many races GDP!

"No wonder no one wants to lose his empyrean rank." Asna commentated.

For those authoritative figures, they could easily just stop playing empyrean games and let their rank decay with time.

Yet, they still make sure to play at least a game a year to keep their ranks steady.

If it wasn't for this type of insane money that could help their backgrounds and race in general, they wouldn't bother to let themselves play a game to entertain the common folk.

DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"I should really invest in a much better spaceship." Felix mumured, "I have tens of trillions in my bank account. If I pushed enough money around and used my connections, I can get my hands on the best materials and hire metal race engineers to custom build me one."

Felix's current spaceship was truly a great companion for a very long time...But, Felix knew that it was time to have an upgrade.

He might not have cared before, but after realizing that a universal war was on the way, he knew that he needed the best of the best in space travel.

It might seem like it would come cheaply, but Felix understood that he would be needing a couple of trillions at minimum to make such an upgrade.

After all, he intended to use alloys on Strucrase level and have tens of white plasma weapons in addition to be completely covered in symbiote dead skin.

Just one white plasma weapon cost at least 200 billion since it was the best destructive weapon available at the moment.

"By the way, why do you have zero game points?" Candace interrupted Felix's thought process.

"Oh yeah, that's because of my surrender." Felix smiled bitterly, "Besides performance rating, you lose everything earned from the games when you surrender."

"That's gotta sting."

Candace knew that Felix should have earned quite an impressive sum of game points after slaying the virtual god.

Fortunately, he didn't win other treasures or such in the game.

"Now that you reminded me, I need to get my hands on the revive coupon."

Without delay, Felix swiftly opened the Prize Pool and checked on all the purchasable treasures.

With an annoyed expression, he scrolled past the legendary artifacts and stopped at the coupon section.

Unlike his previous prize pool, the coupon section had almost all known coupons in the platform up for sell!

There was plenty in the stock for each coupon, making sure that the empyrean players wouldn't struggle to get what they wanted.

After all, they were the aces and lords of this universe...There was no way the alliance would be pulling away something such as coupons.

"Let's stock up on surrender coupons." Felix swiftly bought three surrender coupons, not daring to play a game without one.

He bought three at once, knowing that the expiration date for empyrean coupons was five years instead of one year.

Since tier coupons were useless in this rank and there were no coupons to protect the players' empyrean points, Felix scrolled past everything until he reached the revival coupon.

"500k points...Damn, I will be slaving myself for tens of games without using surrender coupon to collect this much." Felix's eyelids twitched after seeing the revival coupon's insane price.

The worst part? If he took a loan to buy it, he would be paying 5% interest each year.

He could smell humans' scummy monetization techniques emitting from it since every empyrean player must purchase this revival coupon to save himself in the worst-case scenario.

Since it was simply impossible to collect this many game points without playing tens of games, everyone would take a loan for it.

This would force them to keep competing at the best of their abilities to gain as many game points as possible to pay their debts.

Although Felix knew that this was a rabbit hole, he could only jump in it since his life was more important than anything.

"Wait, check your coupons from your win streak." Asna suggested.

"I doubt they will give me a revival coupon, but alright." Felix shrugged his shoulders and opened his profile.

Then, he pressed on his winstreak tab and was shown the five coupons he earned.

As he said, there was no revival coupon...Just a bunch of useless coupons in his current rank.

"You should forward a complaint." Asna frowned with a dissatisfied expression, "Those f*ckers are giving you crap when your winstreak is already past fourteen games."

Asna's displeasure was in place since the rewards really didn't match the difficulty of what Felix was pulling off.

"Well, my situation is quite unique." Felix scratched his cheek thoughtfully, "All the players with the longest winstreak never managed to reach empyrean rank."

Felix knew that even Noble Tibus, the current holder of the longest winstreak, had reached his limit when he made it to the empyrean promotional game.

That's because he started from bronze rank and never used tier advancement coupon to push himself higher in rank.

So, even though his MMR was high, it was somewhat offset by his low rank.

Meanwhile, Felix wasn't concerned with his winstreak and just pushed through the ranks as high as possible...He even skipped an entire rank due to the returnee system.

As for the old monsters such as elder dragon and the other nine supremes? They stopped fighting a long while ago before the winstreak system was ever implemented.

So, even though some of them had twenty wins in a row or even higher, it wasn't counted in the system.

They didn't give a shit about such a vain thing to correct it.

In other words, Felix's Winrate was actually the first proper one, where he didn't need to take advantage of the system.

This made him overrank his current rewards.

Felix might not care about the pride and honor of having such a long Winrate, but he did care about useful rewards.

"Queen, would it be possible to change my coupon rewards?" Felix offered a formal complaint, "I don't think I am getting properly compensated for keeping my winstreak."

"Please wait a moment." Queen Ai did her calculation for a few moments before returning to Felix with, "Your complaint has been deemed reasonable and been sent to the SG committee. They will reach out to you as soon as your complaint has been addressed."

"Thanks." Felix nodded in appreciation and dropped the subject for now.

As for the revival coupon? He decided to wait on the loan until the situation get settled with the SG committee.

'I might be able to rip them off out of one.' Felix smiled shamelessly, 'Hehe, they won't say no to me when I'm bringing them hundreds of trillions of revenue.'