Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

It didn't take a couple of hours before Felix received an email from the SG committee about his complaint. 

"Well, that was quick." Felix expressed as he opened the email, knowing that his reputation and importance to the alliance made it hard for the SG committee to ignore his complaint.

If it were him in his previous life, he wouldn't have received a reply until the day he dies in his bed.

//

Dear Mr. Landlord,

We have heard your complaint loud and clear. We apologize for not noticing the flaw in our the winstreak rewards' system beforehand.

After careful discussion and consideration, we have voted on replacing the five coupons reward to five prize chests following this rarity (Common/Rare/Epic/Legendary).

The prize chests would be filled with many treasures and other goodies from your current ingame prize pool.

For example: 

Legendary Scrolls would have 0.5% chance of dropping from common prize chest/0.7% chance from rare prize chest/1% chance from epic prize chest/5% chance from legendary chest.

Legendary Artifacts would also be included in those chests...However, the chances would be tremendously low. (0.0000000001%/0.00001%/0.0001%/0.01%)

Since empyrean prize pool have coupons as well, we have decided to remove them from the available prizes besides (Revival Coupon).

In their place, you will be finding game points pouches that provide from 10k GP up to 200k GP depending on your luck as well as the rarity of the prize chests.

Last but not least, the prize chests' rarity would depend on your current average game rank. The higher your rank, the rarer chest prizes you will get.

I hope this new system is up to your satisfaction.

Yours Sincerely, SG committee.

PS: Your rewarded coupons from this game will be replaced into random rarity prize chests after you close your complaint ticket.//

Felix swiftly read the email before closing it with a satisfied wide grin.

"Their idea is actually much better than mine...I may not need to rip them off after all."

Felix assumed that they would compensate him with game points, and it would be the end of it. He didn't expect that they would reform the entire rewards' system to accommodate him.

"I haven't felt this kind of pressure to keep my Winrate for a long time." Felix remarked as he closed the ticket, informing the SG Committee that he was extremely pleased and grateful for their effort.

When he started playing in this platform, he tried his very best to keep his winstreak for the sake of those coupons.

But the higher he climbed, the more available they become in prize pools, making him not too excited about the five coupons he earned for free.

With this new system, Felix was more motivated than ever to make sure to keep his winstreak ongoing.

In fact, he believed that even other empyrean players would start taking their winstreak with great importance.

After all, winstreak system activate when players win three games in a row...That's doable for some monsters if they had luck in their side.

Though, they would be winning only three prize chests unlike him since they require five wins in a row to get what he had.

"They haven't stated it in the email, but this new system is applied only in empyrean rank or in all ranks?" Asna wondered.

"I guess only in empyrean rank?" Felix scratched his chin, "Though, I think it will be great if it was applied across the entire board."

Felix didn't know whether the SG Committee had that in mind or not. Honestly, he didn't care too much.

He swiftly visited his winstreak tab and saw that the shitty coupons were all turned into brilliant prize chests.

"One legendary, three epics, and one rare...Not bad at all." Felix expressed with a pleased tone, knowing his average empyrean rank made it possible.

"Wait for me! I want to open a couple."

Asna swiftly paid a hefty fine to teleport straight to Felix's house, ignoring every single monetization system in place.

"You get the rare one." Felix pushed a holographic blue chest in her direction with an annoyed look, knowing that her luck was even shittier than him.

"Stop being stingy and give me the gold one." Asna gave him a lovely puppy look as she cuddled with him.

"Nope! Just quit it, you can't seduce freebies from me anymore." Felix pushed her pretty face away, not affected in the slightest by her pitiful look that would move nations to abide by her wishes.

"Even when I do this?" Asna grabbed Felix's hand and placed it inside her pajamas, making him feel the warmth of her perfect breast course through his entire body and soul.

"..." Felix went quiet as he was thrown into a sea of pleasure, making him unable to stop fondling Asna's breasts.

Just like every other man, it didn't take him long before his hand got greedy and started sliding down her smooth stomach until it reached the forbidden fruit.

"Where do you think you're going, mister?" Asna held that hand just as it was about to touch her most sacred treasure.

"Don't you want to open the legendary chest?" Felix replied with a solemn expression, not having an ounce of shame at going back at his own words.

"So much for self-control." Asna giggled and removed her hand, allowing him to touch her as he pleased.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

And so, with one hand deep in Asna's pants and the other opening the chests, Felix had the happiest grin in his face like all of his dreams were coming true.

As for Asna, her cheeks and ears were already hot enough for food to be cooked on them...Yet, she held her moans at his gentle but pleasing touch and kept watching him open the prize chests.

Felix might be shameless and not care about spectating tenants but Asna was still extremely shy when it came to being intimate with Felix.

-Congratulation for obtaining a rare game points pouch!-

-Congratulation for obtaining an epic game points pouch!-

-Congratulation for obtaining an epic game points pouch!-

-Congratulation for obtaining an epic scroll, Apocalyptic Snow Blizzard!-

Fortunately, Queen Ai kept announcing Felix's prizes loudly with fireworks each time he opened a chest.

"As predicted, I ain't getting legendaries stuff with my crappy luck and those disgustingly low chances." Felix mumured with an annoyed tone as he slipped a finger.

Haugh!!

"Felix!" Asna glared at Felix with an ashamed look while covering her mouth.

"Just let me have it, can't you see I am upset?" Felix made a crestfallen expression while still enjoying the warmth and wetness of her forbidden fruit.

Felix knew that Asna wasn't planning on letting him go all the way, but the fact that she allowed to go this far was already a massive upgrade.

He wasn't planning on stopping now.

"You...Fine!" Asna mumured with her head lowered in embarrassment, "Just be gentle..."

"I am always gentle." Felix got closer to her neck and started kissing it softly before moving up to her right ear, eating it like it was the most delicious popsicle in the universe.

This combo was enough to melt any girl...Don't even mention the shy Asna, who started breathing heavily, trying her best to alleviate the heat spreading throughout her entire system.

When Felix noticed that Asna had gotten in the mood, he got bolder and slipped a second finger, making Asna let out an involuntary moan.

Haugh!

Felix didn't stop there as he increased the pressure on his fingers and speed, until Asna's legs started giving in.

From the sight of her toenails curled up, she was feeling them deeply in her soul.

"Felix, I am feeling like something is coming...Please stop."

"It's natural, just give in." Felix whispered in her ears as he kept kissing her neck.

"Haugh...no, it's weird, I don't like it..."

Felix knew that she was close, so he ignored her bewitching cries and increased his speed just a bit more until Asna started twitching in his arms, not able to control her body any longer.

"It's coming...Oh no, I can feel it coming!"

Just as Asna's eyes were starting to roll at the back of her head from her most likely first ever real orgasm, she yelled out loud, "Queen Ai!"

In a split second, Asna broke into light particles in Felix's arms, leaving him kissing the back of the couch with a deadpan expression.

'...'

'...'

'...'

The tenants, who were just about to turn off the connection to give them some privacy, were left watching Felix with speechless looks.

'I told you I wasn't comfortable with that weird feeling.' Asna mumured in Felix's mind while having her head buried deep in her pillow.

Upon hearing her soft apologetic voice, Felix's irritation by her whole shyness washed away.

'It's alright, I was at fault for being too pushy.' Felix smiled wryly.

He didn't know Asna's real problem with going all the way, but he recognized that each girl has her time when she was ready.

Asna clearly wasn't ready to beyond second base, and he wanted to avoid pushing her.

Though, he started to fear that Asna might drag him along for millions of years without giving him some due to being a Unigin.

He knew that Unigin's perspective on time wasn't anywhere close to humans...

'I am really starting to fear for you my little general.' Felix said with a bitter smile as he looked at the tent in his pants.