Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"At least I still have you to comfort me." Felix chuckled as he looked at the golden chest...He knew that Asna wasn't going to return anytime soon.

But first, he opened the game points pouches.

-Congratulation on obtaining 5000GP!-

-Congratulation on obtaining 20,000GP!-

-Congratulation on obtaining 70,000GP!-

"Not bad." Felix smiled in satisfaction.

He could see that his shortage of game points would be solved if he kept getting those chests.

"Now to the main dish." Felix rubbed his palms and brought the golden chest in front of him. He took a deep breath and clicked on it while wishing that he gets revival coupon.

He could see at the side of the golden chest the chances of all the goodies in it. The revival coupon had a decent 6% from legendary chests!

Alas...

-Congratulation on obtaining a game points pouch!-

"Pffff..." Felix exhaled in disappointment as he eyed the golden shimmering game points pouch.

Without much care, he opened it as well.

-Congratulation on obtaining a 169k GP!-

"Well..." Felix's disappointment washed away the moment he saw the staggering amount of rewarded game points!

He had never won this much even if he combined all game points earned from both of his lives!

"You are now merely 250k short of revival coupon. Are you still going to take a loan?" Candace asked.

"Yes." Felix nodded, "If I won my next game and get the same amount, I will be paying it back almost instantly before the interest rate f*cks me up."

This was the smartest and safest way to go about this.

So, Felix contacted Queen Ai and requested to approve him for a 250k loan.

She approved of it instantly since it was to buy the revival coupon...Only revival coupon allowed to be purchased by loans.

"You have purchased Revival Coupon. It will be used automatically if you died in a game." Queen Ai disclosed.

"There goes half a million game points." Felix smiled wryly, knowing that if players below empyrean rank heard of this, they would shit themselves.

Vrr Vrrr!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Suddenly, Felix's AP bracelet vibrated, making him glance at the screen. When he saw that it was a call from his Malak, he picked it up.

"What's up?" Felix asked.

Malak gave him a warm congratulation for his victory before going straight to business, "I have gathered all bloodliners with water mythical bloodlines. Do you want me to start our journey to the ninth elvish realm Amonserin, right now?"

"Yes, the sooner, the better." Felix nodded.

"Alright, we will be departing today."

Just as Felix was about to hang up, he remembered Olivia's situation. "By the way, pick up little Oli with you."

"Okay."

"Thanks." Felix hung up the call and swiftly contacted Olivia.

For the past months, Felix was waiting for Lady Yggdrasil to call him to discuss when she would be free to accept Olivia.

Instead of passively waiting, he believed that it was better to bring Olivia to her now and see what she would do with her.

Naturally, he had to tell Olivia about it first.

After a couple of rings, Olivia picked up the video call and greeted with her angelic cute voice, "Felix! Are you feeling better?"

"I had my fair share of rest." Felix nodded with a faint smile before saying, "I called you to tell you about an opportunity that will be beneficial for your future if everything worked out."

"Umm, what sort of opportunity?" Olivia titled her head in confusion.

"It's at the same level as Noah's opportunity." Felix informed, "If you are interested, call Malak, she will update you with the rest."

"Of course I am interested! I will look for Malak right away!" Olivia remarked with a delighted expression.

"Good, see you soon." Felix said his goodbyes and hang up. He knew that there was no need to say much in a video call.

Olivia was still too ignorant about primogenitors' matters, and he felt that it would be best to tell her everything face to face.

Whatever happen with Lady Yggdrasil, that up to Olivia to win her approval...He already did his job by presenting her with a lifetime opportunity.

***

A couple of months later...

Vrr Vrrr!

"Sorry, I have to pick this." Felix apologized while pausing his runic training with Selphie.

It was a call from Malak and Felix knew she would be informing him about her arrival in the ninth elvish realm.

As he expected, Malak, Olivia, and the rest of bloodliners have finally made it to the elvish realms after a grueling long journey.

"I have to depart, my friends have arrived." Felix informed.

"Want me to go with you?" Selphie asked with sparkles in her eyes.

"You know your mother isn't going to agree to that." Felix chuckled as he logged out, not wanting to get scolded by Lady Yggdrasil for wasting more of Selphie's precious time.

She was already doing him a great favor by teaching him about runes.

Felix swiftly jumped inside Candace's aircraft and traveled towards the ninth elvish realm.

If it was up to him, he would have preferred them coming all the way to the first elvish realm. Unfortunately, that wasn't happening even with his connection.

The best he could do was allow them access to the ninth elvish realm since it required basic temporarily visa.

In a couple of minutes, Felix arrived at the capital planet of Amonserin. Unlike the peaceful and mostly empty Forlond, there were thousands of cities inside every single forest.

They were all bustling and lively with people from all kinds of races and backgrounds. Still, the most dominated race were the half-elves as they could be seen everywhere.

Since there were already plenty of unique pure-blooded elves, the mixture created from interracial sex with other races was truly an eye-opener for anyone.

When Felix arrived at the capital city, he didn't even need to use an elaborated disguise as this messy pot of different races made it almost impossible for anyone to pay attention to him.

"Damn, they are even more racist to half-elves than humans." Felix commentated as he roamed the streets without seeing a single pure-blooded elf.

"What do you expect?" Asna replied, "Pure-blooded elves sees half-elves as abominations born from pure-blooded elves, who betrayed their own race to settle for lower lifeforms. That is immensely demeaning in their eyes."

"That's just sad to be honest." Felix shook his head in disapproval. 

He knew that all pure-blooded elves follow their hearts even if it meant falling in love with the least respected race in the entire universe.

Because of their obsession and extreme loyalty to their lovers, they weren't concerned about their racial rules. They just accept the fact that their children would be mixed and banished to the ninth realm.

Naturally, they would be banished with them without any way to visit the higher realms.

If even Queen Alfreda ended up falling in love with a half-elf and was willing to let go of her statue and everything to be with him, there was no need to mention the others.

This was one of the reasons why Alfreda refused Selphie's relationship with Felix.

It was mostly racially empowered, but she also knew that Selphie wouldn't be approved as a legitimate Queen by the rest of the pure-blooded races if she married a human.

Although Selphie had the backing of Lady Yggdrasil and no one would take away her Queen position regardless of what she did, Queen Alfreda didn't want her little sister to be hated across all eight realms.

Fortunately for her, Felix had no intentions of joining this racial mess in the first place...