Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Sometime later, Felix went to a fancy restaurant that was built inside a breathtaking giant orange tree.

He gave his name to the receptionist and was walked towards a private closed off room.

Without needing to knock, Malak opened the door for him and greeted with a beautiful smile, "Nice to see you face to face, Sir Felix. I was close to forgetting your face."

"It's really been a while." Felix chuckled and gave her quick hug.

She wasn't the only one who hadn't seen Felix in the real world for a very long time.

"Felix!" 

The moment Felix broke off his hug with Malak, Olivia jumped in his embrace like a little chipmunk, barely reaching his waist with their height difference.

While Olivia's height remained stagnant, Felix kept getting taller each time he replaced his bloodline, pushing him to two meters.

"I missed you too." Felix patted Olivia's head with a happy smile. 

While she was hugging him, Felix looked around the room and saw Hina and a couple of nervous and excited lads.

"Thank you all for coming on a short notice even without knowing why." Felix nodded in appreciation.

A handsome young man with a long green hair answered with stars in his eyes, "Anything for my Lor...Cough, Sir Felix."

The rest might not have answered in the same enthusiasm, but it was clear that all of them were fans of Felix.

"They agreed to come for free the moment they heard that they will get to meet with you." Malak chuckled.

"I appreciate that greatly." Felix replied with a pleased tone.

Felix's presence within the milk way galaxy had already transcended godhood...Even many origin bloodliners took him as their role model without caring about the age difference.

"I would rather not waste your time, so let's make this quick." Felix swiftly walked towards them and requested them to extend their hands.

Albeit confused, they trusted that Felix wouldn't harm them. 

Felix held Hina's hand first and requested in his mind, 'Asna, you may start.'

'Gimme a sec.' Asna closed her eyes shut and started navigating Hina's Kraken's bloodline, searching for soul threads.

Each time she found one, she pulls it inside Felix's body...In a few seconds at best, she was already done with Hina.

'Is he up yet?' Felix inquired.

'No, keep going.' Lady Sphinx answered.

Felix dropped Hina's hand and went to the second one, doing the same thing...Sadly, the soul threads were still not enough to create Kraken's wisp of consciousness.

Felix wished for the best and continued with the remaining bloodliners.

Although everyone was confused, no one dared to speak and ask about Felix's motives.

'You can stop, I can feel his wisp of consciousness awakening.' Lady Sphinx informed after Felix reached the last bloodliner.

'At last.' Felix sighed in relief.

He knew that if all soul threads of those Kraken's bloodliners weren't enough, he would be forced to cultivate a new bloodliner from the get go...That would take forever.

"Thank you guys for coming. Malak will take care of you whether you decided to stay here until your visa expire or depart immediately." Felix gave them a head nod of approval and exited the room.

'Oli, I have some important matters to handle right now. I will be visiting your hotel room soon.' Felix informed Olivia before entering the void realm.

'Okay...' Olivia could only agree, still confused about this abnormal meeting...The rest of the bloodliners shared her feelings, having no clue what Felix just did to them.

Ting! Ting!

Before they could discuss it, they heard their bank notification, making them glance at their screens. When they saw the amount wired to them, they completely forgot about Felix!

'200 million SC!' They all sucked a cold breath in agitation.

They might be possessing a mythical bloodline worth tens of billions SC, but it didn't mean that they were rich enough to look at such a massive figure with disdain!

"Have fun." Malak held Olivia and Hina's arms and took them away.

The rest could manage themselves as that amount was enough to buy them the most exclusive ride back home.

As for Felix? He didn't go far after entering the void realm as he straightaway jumped inside his consciousness space to meet the Great Kraken.

If he wasn't this rushed, he wouldn't have minded hanging for an hour or so with this fans.

The moment Felix opened his eyes, he saw his tenants gathering around giant blue skinned man, wearing a long robe that hid his arms and legs.

His face was quite scary as he had many tentacles for a chin and only two nostrils instead of a nose, making him resemble Davy Jones from Pirates of the Caribbean movie.

He was wearing a wide black and blue hat that was covering his scalp completely...Honestly, Felix didn't want to see underneath it as he spotted many smaller tentacles peeking once in a while.

Although he looked like a hideous scary monster that would fright kids to death, he had a gentle expression as he spoke with Thor and the others.

"Felix, come greet Kraken." Jörmungandr said.

Without delay, Felix swiftly joined the group and bowed his head respectfully, "Junior Felix greet the Great elder Kraken."

"So, you were the one going through all this trouble to awake me in the matter universe." Elder Kraken sized up Felix with a carefree expression.

"Yes..." Felix nodded while his heart skipped a beat.

He always gets slightly nervous when asked this question since he never knows how the primogenitors would react.

"I have to thank you, then." Elder Kraken cracked a spooky but kind smile as he patted Felix in the head with a long tentacle, extending from his sleeve.

"Huh? Thank me?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise as he had never gotten this reaction before.

"He has just told us that his biggest regret wasn't being able to leave a wisp of consciousness in the matter universe before visiting the spirit realm." Asna cleared Felix's confusion.

"I see..."

"All of you did me a great favor." Elder Kraken sighed, "Regardless of what I did, I just couldn't find a way to keep one wisp of consciousness alive."

"How about we sit first?" Lady Sphinx suggested before anyone could ask him.

Everyone walked to the round table and took their already marked seats...Even Candace sat with them since Aegnor became the new maid after he was forced to leave his main consciousness inside Felix's mind.

He was happy to serve these bunch of overreaching lords.

"My masters told me that you were the greatest soul researcher in the universe." Felix wondered, "Even you haven't found a way to separate death from main consciousness to wisps?"

Felix already knew that when main consciousness truly dies, the rest of wisps follows it shortly even if they were at edges of the universe or in another dimension.

"Believe me, I have tried every single method." Elder Kraken shook his head, "It was just impossible."

"Not anymore." Fenrir said expressionlessly, implying Felix's/Asna's method of reviving primogenitors' wisps of consciousness.

"Indeed, if only I found this method, my experience would have been different in the spirit realm." Elder Kraken nodded.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Mind me asking how is it?"

Suddenly, Lord Khaos's voice resounded in everyone's ears as he materialized above the table, startling everyone.

Crash!

'He also has Lord Khaos within him!'

Aegnor was the most shocked as he dropped a bottle of wine, having his soul freeze immediately. Everyone ignored the mess he made and eyed Lord Khaos with surprised looks.

"Lord Khaos, we are honored to have you finally join us." Carbuncle dropped his joint as he greeted in a respectful manner.

Even when Carbuncle was awakened, Lord Khaos didn't bother to wake up his wisp of consciousness to greet him...It might be asleep, but everything was sent to his main consciousness, making him aware of what's going on at all time.

Lord Khaos nodded expressionlessly at Carbuncle before requesting politely to take a seat with them.

"Please, we always leave your seat open." Lady Sphinx extended her hand at an empty seat with Lord Khaos' name engraved on it.

"Thank you." Lord Khaos sat in it and eyed elder Kraken with a face void of any features, making it almost impossible to read him through his dry tone.

Knowing that Lord Khaos didn't like wasting time over greetings and such, elder Kraken answered him, "I apologize, but I can't disclose verbally anything related to my stay in the spirit realm."

"Even you?" Thor sighed in disappointment.

Felix and Asna were also disappointed as they were longingly expecting to hear about their destined destination.

Any kind of information would help them prepare for that mysterious but scary journey.

"Well, I'm forbidden from telling you about it, but there isn't any law that stops me from linking both of my consciousnesses to show you some of my memories there." Elder Kraken replied with a faint smile.