"You reached such a high level in your soul control?" Lady Sphinx raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"Is it hard?" Felix wondered.

"Hard? Linking your wisps with your main consciousness through dimensions isn't the same as doing it in the spirit realm." Lady Sphinx disclosed, "Spirit realm might be in a different dimension, but it's considered as a completely separated plane from the matter universe even if it was mirroring it."

Seeing that Felix, Candace, and Aegnor were having difficulty understanding what she meant, elder Kraken simplified it patiently, "It's like linking your consciousness with another that's in a different universe."

"I can't even imagine it." Felix expressed with a stunned expression.

He always knew that spirit realm could never compare to void realm, shadow realm, and such, but he had no idea that it was this isolated from the matter universe.

This indicated that only elder Kraken was capable of doing this!

Without delay, elder Kraken manifested a circular mirror in the center of the table.

The moment it was turned on, Felix titled his head in confusion after seeing a greenish landscape that stretched to the horizon.

There were many agricultural farms of different planted grains already grown tall enough to be harvested.

Gentle breeze was passing by on those fields, making the plants flatter peacefully.

The fields weren't deserted as there were many farm animals feasting on those plants in groups. Felix recognized some of them and was confused by others.

Yet, what weirded him the most was the color of those animals as they had a unified white color from head to toe.

"Are we watching elder's memories while he is still in the matter universe?" Felix mumured.

Elder Kraken heard him, making him emit a unusual sounding chuckle that resembled slimy objects rubbing against each other.

"I had the same reaction when I first opened my eyes inside the spirit realm." Elder Kraken said.

"...You're telling me this is part of the spirit realm?" Felix was too shocked by the revelation, he didn't even bother to blink.

His reaction was shared by everyone except of Lady Sphinx.

"Isn't this a physical plane? How is that possible?" Thor remarked with an astounded expression.

Even Lord Khaos was slightly taken back as he had assumed that the spirit realm would be just a reflective plane of our universe while having the spirits roam inside of it!

In fact, this was Lady Sphinx's own findings when she first unlocked her spiritual vision. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

She was the one sharing the information to her peers, making them have their first understanding of spirit realm.

Unfortunately, ever since then, Lady Sphinx refused to share anything about it.

"I can't say anything, so don't ask me and just keep watching." Elder Kraken mentioned, "My memories will explain it all."

Just as he said, elder Kraken in the screen started speaking with an intrigued tone, "Marvelous, is this really a physical plane or just an illusion? The spirits guardian's mental prowess is on par to that trickster without requiring mastery over illusion laws."

Elder Kraken paused the screen and extended his hand, clearly allowing them to discuss and analyze his commentary.

"It really makes sense if it's an illusion." Jörmungandr nodded.

"But if the spirit realm is turned into a physical plane through illusion, why did Lady Sphinx see a mere reflection with spirits roaming around?" Carbuncle frowned.

He wore his serious pants the moment the mirror appeared since his precious wife was staying in the spirit realm.

"Both versions can be right." Lord Khaos reasoned expressionlessly, "Lady Sphinx saw a reflection since that's the true spirit realm. This physical plane should be occupying just a small part of the spirit realm."

"As expected of Lord Khaos." Elder Kraken confirmed his theory without saying much.

Felix and the others also felt that his theory was the most plausible.

Elder Kraken unpaused the memories mirror, showing that elder Kraken was now scanning his body.

When they saw that he posessed a shimmering humaniod golden body, they were left at loss for words.

There was nothing related to his previous octopus body even slightly!

"Interesting, am I given a new random body or this is what everyone's looks like?" Elder Kraken wondered in the screen.

This time elder Kraken didn't pause the memories...Instead, he skipped to a new memory.

He was shown to be flying in the sky akin to feather while looking below him at the infinite peaceful fields of greenery.

Just as Felix wanted to comment on the free flight part, his words were stuck in his throat at the sight of marvelous city hiding behind countless green clouds.

When the elder Kraken burst through them, the city was displayed in its glorious and spine-tingling state!

It was built atop gentle hills and was truly an architectural wonder. Its appearance was matched by the backdrop of ever clear skies which have helped the city seem like it was part of heaven.

The skyline was overwhelmed with crystal towers, which were tall enough they pierced the clouds and remained hidden there.

Felix wasn't even focusing on them but on the countless humaniod spirits flying around the skyline and walking down the streets just like a normal city.

Some were entering malls, some were seen sitting in cafés and restaurants, and some were even walking their pets!

All of them shared the same humaniod height and shape as elder Kraken...However, their skins had different colors and contrasting levels of brilliance.

Some had green skin and were shimmering brilliantly while some had dark skin and were as dim as moonless night.

"What is this..." Felix mumbled with widened eyes, seeming like someone suffering from a cultural shock.

He wasn't the only one with such reaction as the tenants all appeared quite startled by the magnificence of the city and its population.

What stunned them even more was the fact that those spirits looked to be alive and with emotions.

They might share the same shape and height, but all of them had different facial features, which were expressing varied emotions!

All of them thought that they would be seeing spirits with blank faces since everyone supposedly lost his memories upon death.

"This is really getting more fascinating by the second." Elder Kraken commentated with an elevated tone as he examined the spirits from the sky.

"For everyone to be invigorated with life, the spirits guardian must have given them new memories and made them forget about their pre-death life." Lord Khaos commentated.

"Why would he do such a thing?" Felix asked as he eyed Asna.

  Everyone turned to stare at Asna, knowing that she was the only one capable of understanding the spirits guardian.

"How should I know?" Asna shrugged her shoulders.

"..." Felix eyed her speechlessly before reminding her, "You told me that he is your friend."

"Oh...About that." Asna coughed, "I kinda used friend term a bit too loosely."

"How loose?" Felix's heart skipped a beat at this new information, knowing that Asna was a shrewd witch when he first met her.

"I never met him before." Asna said while avoiding eye contact with Felix.

"Are you being for real?!" Felix almost threw his wine glass in her direction at the sound of that.

The only reason he wasn't scared shitless about visiting the spirit realm was because of believing that spirit guardian was friends with Asna!

"You don't have to worry." Asna mumured while fiddling with her fingers, "He does know about my existence...So, if he doesn't help us, at least he wouldn't mistreat us."

"That's I can vouch for." Elder Kraken interjected with a faint smile, "Souls Guardian doesn't kill anyone."

"How can you be so certain?" Thor asked.

"Well, I can't say much, but I can ensure you that if you ever visited the spirit realm somehow, I will take great care of you." Elder Kraken stated confidently, "My social status there is quite high."

Before Felix could push on this note, elder Kraken silenced him, "I can't share any further. Keep watching and you will understand."

So, Felix and the others watched elder Kraken enter the city and start roaming around the streets while being avoided by other spirits.

Anytime he got near one of them, they lower their heads and fly away from him.

All of them did so with respectful expressions...However, Felix and the tenants were able to pick up hints of dread and worry as they flew away from him.

"Interesting...The only thing that explains their reaction is my golden colored skin." Elder Kraken reasoned as he kept attempting to make contact with those pedestrians.

As he mentioned, there wasn't anyone near him with a golden skin...Majority had dark, brown, purple, and blue skins.

"Do you think spirits guardian created a social system that is based on skin color to keep everything in order?" Jörmungandr wondered.

"Must be something in that sense."

"You don't need to guess here." Elder Kraken informed as he pointed at the screen, "Everything will be explained soon."

The moment he finished, two silver humaniod spirits landed next to his main consciousness and made a weird sign with their hands, appearing like they were greeting him.

"Excellence, please follow us."

One of the silver spirits uttered a weirdly sounding sentence that failed to register in Felix's mind.

When he looked around him, he realized that everyone was in the same boat.

"Don't mind if I do."

It looked elder Kraken in the screen understood him as he flew behind him towards one of the tallest crystal towers.

"He asked me to follow him." Elder Kraken translated before adding, "I will be translating everything since they are speaking the language of the dead...A language that can't be taught or understood unless one was a spirit."