Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone nodded in understanding and focused on the silver spirits, who were being avoided by everyone.

In a few moments, they reached the crystal tower and went through the glass window akin to ghosts.

'Oh, we can switch between physical and spiritual state?' Elder Kraken did the same with a curious expression.

After going through the glass window, he saw that the floor was somewhat packed with spirits, who were sitting on chairs with blank expressions.

They had some sort of helmet-like device on top of their heads and spiritual screens at the sides, showing millions of pictures being skipped rapidly.

The silver spirits didn't state anything and led elder Kraken to an empty chair.

"Excellence, please sit." One of them requested.

"Can I ask why?" Elder Kraken inquired as eyed the helmet with a hint of concern.

"We will be providing you with information that explain the spirit realm and also a new personality that fit your soul's status." The silver spirit answered composedly.

'A new personality?' Elder Kraken frowned, 'No wonder they weren't freaked with me talking normally...Spirits must come here with just basic intelligence.'

"What if I don't agree?" Elder Kraken asked.

The silver spirits looked at each other with a hint of confusion, seeming like they weren't used to having new spirits ask too many questions.

It made sense that other spirits wouldn't create trouble since they would have no clue about themselves and would be forced to adhere to the spirit realm rules unlike elder Kraken.

Their reaction had alerted elder Kraken, making him add with a faint smile, "I was just joking."

Without hesitation, he sat on the chair and placed the helmet on his head.

He didn't want to risk alarming the higher ups, knowing that if they found out about his memories being intact, they wouldn't hesitate to banish him outside this heavenly plane.

As expected, the silver spirits' expressions returned to normal after they saw that elder Kraken was adhering by the rules.

"We will be feeding you all the information first about the spirit realm." The silver spirit said as he pressed on a button on the white helmet.

In a few moments, the helmet was removed from elder Kraken's head.

'So, that's how it works...'

After the information was transferred, he was left with a look filled with disbelief and amazement.

This was the look of someone who dedicated his entire life to study souls and spirits finally see the entire truth.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

'So, I was a mere wanderer spirit in this infinite realm before I got fetched by souls guardian's Charons. How long was I wandering before I was found? Why don't I have memory of it?' 

Upon hearing his thoughts, Felix felt goosebumps in his skin.

Just like the rest, he assumed that elder Kraken was transporated straight towards the heavenly plane since that was the first memory he posessed after unlocking his eyes.

But only now did he truly understand that elder Kraken's spirit remained wandering in the infinite empty spirit realm without a single thought or idea about himself!

Even his stored memories in his soul didn't help him realize his situation...It was like his consciousness was shut down.

'Because of my golden soul and its shimmering light, I was easily located by the souls guardian's Charons and boarded their ferries to the heavenly plane.' Elder Kraken felt chills course on his spine, 'If it wasn't for this, I would have been wandering for eternity as a lost spirit without a single clue.'

This scared elder Kraken more than his suicide since it meant that he would have died for absolutely no reason!

Honestly, even if he knew this before, he would have still done it, taking the risk for knowledge.

'No wonder everyone respects and avoid me...My soul is of the highest grade in the entire spirit realm for an outsider, giving me power over any soul below me.' Elder Kraken thought.

Based on the spirit realm system, the spirits colors and brightness were defined by three major pillars.

Soul's strength and achievements in the living plane defined the color.

Achievements implied the beneficial deeds done in one's life from birth to death.

In the case of elder Kraken, an unfathomable number of intelligent and non-intelligent marine races were born because of him.

He was like the Genghis Khan of the marine universe as his bloodline and DNA was in high percentage of water races.

Populating the universe was a unmeasurable good deed, which he was heavily rewarded for in his afterlife.

The best part? A portion of all the beneficial good deeds to the universe done by his descendants were rewarded to him even in the afterlife.

This was huge since the skin colors weren't fixed forever but could be improved even within the spirit realm based on one's actions here and his descendants in the living plane.

Elder Kraken also had a considerable role in the development of the souls with his obsessive research...This counted as a bonus point to him.

The spirits' colors were separated into this order:

Dark/Indigo/Blue/Green/Yellow/Orange/Red/Silver/Gold...As for white? It was used only on non-intelligent lifeforms.

As for the souls' brightness? In the eyes of elder Kraken, it was just as important as colors.

That's because the Charon ferries always travel towards the spirit, who shimmer the most brilliantly, and pick him up ahead of everyone.

Even if a Charon ferry passed by millions of other spirits in its path, it would ignore them all and prioritize that brilliant spirit.

Naturally, that's only if the color of the soul was lower in status compared to it.

The source of soul brilliance was none other than morality!

It didn't matter if one was commoner at the bottom of the pyramid or an emperor at the very top.

His morality defies whether he would be picked faster and live in the heavenly plane or be left to wander for eternity until the day his turn arrives!

Morality simply implied to live upright and dignified life, where you harm no one without a valid reason.

This ensured that true criminals and the scum of the universe wouldn't be picked beforehand others, who were honest and good people.

When those three pillars were together, it gave birth to system that allow to prioritize only the best of the best from the living plane.

In other words, if one lived his life without harming anyone including himself but had absolutely no merits, achievements, or legacy behind, he would be shimmering brilliantly but in dark color.

If one had insane achievements but was an absolute menace, he would possess a high-quality color but be as dim as the night.

"I was fortunate that I had too many good-natured descendants, which helped balance my brightness." Elder Kraken stated while sighing in relief, "With all the heinous experiments I did to push my souls research, I would have never been found."

"I never thought that spirits guardian would have such a concept to filter the spirits." Felix expressed.

"It's more detailed than this, but I can't show everything." Elder Kraken said with a solemn tone, "The spirits guardian might be able to find out about my transgression if I went too far."