Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The moment elder Kraken unpaused the memories mirror, the silver spirit disclosed calmly, "As an esteem golden spirit, you are allowed to pick memories that would define your personality."

"We can refine a new custom personality based on your preference."

The spiritual screen next to elder Kraken started showing thousands upon thousands of personalities.

Some personalities were more ambitious and driven to succeed...While some merely desired to chill and avoid worldly matters.

Some were more tuned to music and some were more tuned to sports...Whatever it was, there wasn't a single personality that was evil or just negative in general.

Since no one remembered his time in the living plane, it wouldn't matter much what personality one gets...It was like everyone in the heavenly plane get a fresh start with a wholly different life.

However, being given the choice to choose or even customize a personality was a great bonus.

Elder Kraken took advantage of it to shape up his personality to resemble his greatly and then handed his final version to the silver spirits.

He didn't want a different personality since it would conflict with his own.

"Are you sure?" Silver spirit asked for a confirmation after reading his weird customized personality. Because he had no clue about elder Kraken's life in the living plane, it did not alarm him.

"Positive." Elder Kraken nodded.

Upon receiving his confirmation, the silver spirits shrugged his shoulders and pressed on the button again.

This time, elder Kraken's face went blank as his brain started accepting new memories that gave him a name, a gender, a purpose, specific emotions, world views, and the list goes on and on.

After ten minutes, the process finally ended.

Elder Kraken's blank expression was replaced by an throbbing pain in his head, forcing him to press his temples tightly.

"Hmmm?" His reaction baffled the silver spirits as it was a first.

'Sh*t, all the old and new memories are jumbled together.' This was causing elder Kraken's headache.

Although he chose a persona almost identical to his own, he still struggled with the insane amount of new memories mixing with his old ones.

Based on the happy expressions of other spirits near him after being given new personalities, it was clear his situation was unique.

To avoid drawing any suspicion on him, elder Kraken cracked a smile as well and stopped holding his head.

"Are you fine?"

"Never better."  Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

The silver spirits kept scanning him for a few seconds before dropping their suspicion, knowing that they had plenty of other spirits to guide.

"With your soul's status, you are allowed to own a mansion in the city or build one anywhere in the heavenly plane...You are also allowed to possess a maximum of thirty spirits as servants." Silver Spirit added, "The rest of the rules and society etiquette are within the Intel package."

"You are free to leave."

Without delay, the silver spirits took off outside the crystal tower, not caring anymore about elder Kraken.

'At least I got everything I need to know about the spirit realm.' Elder Kraken thought to himself while struggling through the irritating headache.

The memory was skipped entirely and was now showing elder Kraken sitting on a bed with silk cover sheets and three humaniod red women sleeping around him.

Their skins might be different, but they still had every other organ...Including genitals.

"Even spirits are getting laid before me." Felix mumured, making Asna give him a scolding look.

"We might be spirits, but our society doesn't differ much from the living plane." Elder Kraken said.

Just like he was proving his points, elder Kraken in the screen went to clean his teeth and then exited his penthouse through a glass window while carrying a briefcase.

He flew through the clouds, climbing higher and higher until he reached the top of a crystal tower. Then, he went inside and sat on a desk inside an office.

"Don't tell me you have a salary man job?" Thor remarked with a speechless tone.

"That's the job I choose to have in my personality." Elder Kraken confirmed, "It's the best job for me since it provides me with a path towards joining the government."

"Why didn't you choose to be part of the government from the start?"

"The real question is what government are you talking about."

Elder Kraken pointed at the screen, making them understand that he couldn't answer such sensitive questions.

It might seem like elder Kraken was sharing bits here and there, but he always made sure that the Intel he provided wasn't directly related to the Spirit realm.

Elder Kraken helped them understand by speeding the memories, showing them years and years of effort before finally being able to apply to join the government.

From the following memories, they realized that the government was an entity under the direct rulership of the spirits guardian.

It allowed only gold and silver spirits to apply to join it.

"What are those?" Felix was startled to see new unique entities that didn't share the same mold as the spirits.

They resembled Japanese demons with peculiar features and bodies...Unlike the spirits, their skins didn't have one color.

Elder Kraken might not have answered, but Felix soon realized that their status was immensely higher than even elder Kraken and other gold spirits.

"We will be accepting only three golden spirits and one silver spirit in this hiring round." A hideous monster with giant teeth protruding from his lips remarked indifferently.

He was wearing a formal suit while standing on a high platform.

He was addressing elder Kraken and hundreds of other applicants, who were standing in different lines.

None of them seemed to dare lift their heads and look at him directly.

"How are there so many golden spirits?" Candace titled her head in confusion.

Felix was also taken aback by their numbers since he thought that it would be extremely rare for anyone to match elder Kraken's achievements.

"The Spirit realm has been existing even before primogenitors' birth." Lord Khaos spoke, "No one dies there since it's the last resting place of the dead."

Lord Khaos didn't need to say more for Candace to understand his point.

When it was possible for spirits to upgrade their ranking color with their hard work inside the spirit realm as well as their descendants on the living plane, it was possible for many silver spirits or even red spirits to reach gold color with enough time passing.

In addition, the golden color was the highest grade rewarded for achievements and soul strength.

So, even if elder Kraken's achievements exceeded the requirement of golden color, he wouldn't be getting anything higher than it.

"Let's begin your first test." The hideous supervisor disclosed as he extended his palm towards a spiritual gate.

It resembled a teleportation portal...From elder Kraken's and everyone's excited expression, something was of great important must be lying behind that portal.

Unfortunately, just as elder Kraken was about to enter it, the memories screen was closed shut.

"Sorry everyone, but it's too risky to show you more than this." Elder Kraken stated, "Spirits guardian is like an omnipotent god when it's related to spirit matters."

"He might be spying on us at this very moment through my own consciousness link without my knowledge."

Felix couldn't help but gulp a mouthful at the sound of that...Every time he heard about unigins, they always scare the sh*t out of him.

Yet, when he turned to stare at Asna's lazy expression, his fear, reverence, and respect washed away.

"Are you really from the same breed as them?" Felix couldn't help but ask as he looked at Asna.

"If you weren't holding me back, I would have ruled the universe!" Asna retorted with an annoyed tone.

Felix rolled his eyes at her overbearing statement and exited this argument before it turn heated.

"I wonder how does Lord Quetzalcoatl manage to reach the heavenly plane." Lady Sphinx knitted her eyebrows, "Did he even find it?"

"Wait, are you telling me that Lord Quetzalcoatl might have never accessed the heavenly plane and just hangs out in the dreadful empty spirit realm?" Felix's eyes were suddenly widened at the bad implication of this being true!