Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Lord Quetzalcoatl had never mentioned anything about the heavenly plane. He merely told them that he hijack a spirit of a newly dead person to enter the spirit realm. Then, he stole spirits from it and revive them!

This could be happening to spirits in the heavenly plane or just the lost spirits!

"If he has never found the heavenly plane, doesn't that mean your ticket is quite useless?" Candace mentioned.

"Not completely useless." Lady Sphinx said, "He still can reach the heavenly plane if the Charon ferries picked up the spirit they hijacked."

"Based on what we heard, that could take forever." Felix sighed, "I doubt Lord Quetzalcoatl will approve of that."

Felix knew that lost spirits had their consciousness turned off, saving them from the torture of wandering through nothingness for eternity.

But in their case? They would be there to feel everything!

Lord Quetzalcoatl merely promised them a visit, not a jail sentence.

"Now that we know on our own, we have to ask him." Felix said with a serious tone.

Lord Quetzalcoatl might have kept the information to himself to not piss off spirits guardian even more, but there was nothing wrong in having a discussion with two knowing parties.

"Looks like I am missing a lot." Elder Kraken smiled with an intrigue expression as he listened to their discussion.

"Please pardon us. We have yet to update you."

Without delay, Lady Sphinx showed him a summarized version of all important events that happened to Felix, from his rebirth with Asna to the reason they awakened him in the first place.

With elder Kraken's mental fortitude, he absorbed all the information in a few seconds at best like a sponge.

"You have been living a very, very interesting life." Elder Kraken remarked with a fascinated tone as he eyed Felix.

"Clearly not as interesting as yours." Felix chuckled.

The fact that elder Kraken was mingling in the spirit realm, knowing full well that it was the afterlife, nothing would beat his experience...Especially, when other spirits had not a single clue that they were dead and living in the spirit realm.

After all, there couldn't be a concept of afterlife if they had no idea about their previous life in the first place.

"If you reached such a conclusion from what you have seen, then you will really be blown away by the real life there." Elder Kraken stated.

"At this points, you are just teasing us." Thor remarked with a bitter smile.

"Haha, excuse me." 

When Lord Khaos realized that elder Kraken was done sharing about the spirit realm, he looked at everyone expressionlessly and said, "Thank you for your hospitality and information."Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Without waiting for them to reply, Lord Khaos broke into a gray fog and fell back into the consciousness ocean.

After he left, the conversation pivoted back to Lord Quetzalcoatl's situation.

"Who will ask him?" Thor asked.

"I will handle it." Lady Sphinx stated calmly.

It was of great importance to see Lord Quetzalcoatl's true destination as soon as possible.

So, if what they feared became a reality, they would search for other methods to visit the heavenly plane.

...

A couple of hours later...

Felix could be seen standing in front of a mirror without cloths on.  He was checking the newly added blue inscriptions on his body with a wide happy smile.

After elder Kraken knew that he desired his water manipulation, he didn't hesitate to bestow it to him. He told him that it was his repayment for waking up his wisp of consciousness.

Since his life was centered in the spirit realm now, his water manipulation was useless.

The only reason he didn't bestow it beforehand wasn't because of the primogenitors' pact, but simply because he believed that there was a tiny chance he might take it with him upon death.

"Now, I can go all out in my water abilities instead of being confined to those abilities." Felix remarked as he manifested a sphere of water on top of his palm.

Water's entire advantage was its flexibility...Yet, those abilities were rigid, making him unable to use them in most scenarios. Since he already mastered third stage of manipulation of his previous three elements, he didn't need to seal any element and start right away with his training.

"One of my priorities now is master the best of internal and external abilities."

Felix knew that this shouldn't take much of his time as his experience with three elements made him somewhat of a master.

Though, increasing his external manipulation was going to be a pain in the ass.

So, he intended to ignore it for now until the dragons' sacred grounds open again and grind it with the rest of his manipulations and other advanced abilities.

"Master, did you manage to reach Lord Quetzalcoatl?" Felix inquired as he wore his clothes.

"No." Lady Sphinx shook her head, "He went off the grid again."

"I see." Felix sighed.

This issue was really eating him, but he could only be patient and wish for the best.

Vrr Vrr!

Felix picked up the call after seeing that it was from Olivia.

"We have arrived at the hotel. Are you still in my room?" Olivia inquired.

Felix came here to pick up Olivia and take her to Lady Yggdrasil, but he found out that she went out with Hina and Malak to tour the city.

"Yes, stay there, I am coming to you."

Felix entered the void realm through Candace and emerged next to the girls, not caring about scaring the shit out of nearby pedestrians.

"Sorry girls, I can't take you to the first realm with Oli." Felix said.

"It's alright, we are having fun here." Hina smiled.

"If you need anything, call me." Felix patted Hina on the head since she was just as small as Olivia.

Then, he picked Olivia and placed her within Candace's aircraft before jumping next to her.

Felix took advantage of the ride to inform Olivia about Lady Yggdrasil's status, so she wouldn't do anything disrespectful of her.

He also told her about primogenitors and the origin of her bloodline to give her a bit more context.

Naturally, everything she heard had overwhelmed her since it changed her entire view of the universe.

"I was using the world tree's bloodline, and I am now going to meet her..." Olivia spoke under her breath with a dazed look.

"Just be yourself and if everything went well, she might allow you to push to 99% in your integration and get her ultimate ability." Felix said with a serious tone, "Hopefully, give you a runic seed as well."

Olivia was still confused about plenty of things, but Felix didn't want to lay everything on her in mere couple of minutes.

He would rather not toast her brain before she meet Lady Yggdrasil.

Sometime later, Candace put Felix next to the royal garden and closed the void realm, leaving Olivia inside.

He didn't have approval of either Queen Alfreda or Lady Yggdrasil, so the moment Olivia step foot in the royal palace, Queen Ai would report her.

Felix didn't want to overstep his boundaries and start bringing his friends to someone's else home without permission.

After knocking twice, the glass door was opened and Felix went towards the center of the garden. As he expected, Lady Yggdrasil was sitting under that breathtaking tree as always.

"Elder, I have brought you the girl I told you about." Felix disclosed as he bowed respectfully.

"You can leave her here." Lady Yggdrasil permitted without lifting her head.

"Alright." Felix requested Candace to drop off Olivia next to him.

The moment Olivia noticed Lady Yggdrasil, her heart started beating faster and faster in agitation and nervousness.

After sensing her emotional instability, Lady Yggdrasil lifted her head and smiled kindly, "You don't need to be nervous my child, I just want to talk."

Immediately after hearing her soft-spoken kind words, Olivia's heartbeats started returning to normal.

Lady Yggdrasil could be considered as a goddess entity, but she really gave out a kind elderly vibe, which made anyone next to her feel at ease.

"I will leave you to it. And thank you elder for the opportunity." Felix bowed one last time and left the royal garden.

"Felix..."

After he left, Olivia felt like she was out of her comfort zone. However, when she recalled the importance of this opportunity for her future, she hardened her heart and mind.

Then, she lifted her head and finally greeted Lady Yggdrasil with a respectful tone, "Olivia Maxwell, greets the World Tree Goddess."

"Haha, how cute...Come, sit next to me." Lady Yggdrasil patted the grass near her with an easy-going expression.

Olivia did as she was told even though she was still a bit nervous.

Who could blame her?

A few minutes ago, she didn't even know of the existence of godly beings as the primogenitors...Now, she was sitting next to one.

"Tea?" 

"Thank you..." Olivia accepted the tea cup and remained quiet, having no clue what to say.

"So, tell me about yourself." Lady Yggdrasil smiled.

'Why does this look like an interview?' Felix thought speechlessly as he watched them from Candace's consciousness link with the others.

Although he was asked to leave them alone, he was still somewhat worried about Olivia, making him unable to sit still.

Thankfully, he had other partners in crime, who were just as interested as him in their discussion.

"Do you think she will pick her?" Asna inquired.

"Based on Olivia's pushover personality, doubtful." Candace shook her head.

"Have some faith." Felix retorted, "Olivia have really changed."