Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Olivia had truly gone through too many experiences in the past years that forced her to mature and become less of a pushover.

If it were the old Olivia, she wouldn't have even dared to come here and seek a way to improve herself.

"I am Felix's cousin and a member of the earthling tea..."

​ "That's not what I meant." Lady Yggdrasil interrupted before asking again with a faint smile, "Tell me about yourself."

"I...I..."

Clearly, this question had stumped Olivia as she had no idea what Lady Yggdrasil wanted to know from her.

Olivia knew that she couldn't be wasting Lady Yggdrasil's precious time. So, she started getting antsy with each second going by without managing to say a single word.

'She already fumbled the bag.' Candace said.

'Come on Oli, just be honest about yourself.' Felix mumured.

Just like Olivia had heard him, she tightened her fists and confessed, "I have been always a pushover, who can't say no to no one. I disliked that about myself greatly and Felix helped me find my inner resolve to stand for myself."

"I thought that when I become as hardened as him, I will finally be able to walk in the same lane without making him worry about me." Olivia bit her lower lip with a wistful look, "But, it was already too late as Felix had flown too high for me."

"Each time I see him on the screen, he would have reached a new height while I am still stuck at the same place." Olivia smiled bitterly, "I just want to catch up to his shadow, so we can hang out again."

"That's why I didn't hesitate to accept this opportunity even though I have no idea what it is..."

"My child, I am sorry to break it out to you, but even if you receive ten opportunities like this, you will still not be able to catch up to that little brat." Lady Yggdrasil shook her head as she patted Olivia.

"Really?" Olivia looked quite heartbroken to hear so.

"Your cousin is treading on a singular path fraught with unspeakable dangers, forcing him to always seek methods to get himself stronger." Lady Yggdrasil shared, "I doubt even my daughter will be able to keep up with his progress in the upcoming centuries."

"So, my advice for you to focus on bettering yourself and stop obsessing over catching up to him. You will merely end up burning yourself in the process without any results."

"..." Olivia lowered her head, hiding her reddened eyes.

If she had heard this from anyone else, she would have brushed it over. But when it came from Lady Yggdrasil? It was hard to look the other side.

When Felix saw Olivia like this, his heart grew heavy.

He could see that his insane progress was killing Olivia as she considered him as her real brother.

Instead of saying anything about it, she kept it to herself and tried her best to seek ways to catch up to him.

Unfortunately, there weren't plenty of opportunities for humans without proper guidance from beings such as primogenitors.

Although Felix felt bad for Olivia, he had no intentions of slowing down his speed of progress.

As Lady Yggdrasil said, his path was fraught of dangers and the moment he let himself go, it would be over for him.

"Lift your head up, my child." Lady Yggdrasil smiled, "You might not be able to catch up to him, but with my help, you can leave your own mark in the universe and be proud of it."

"Really?" Olivia's face lit up a bit after hearing so.

It would be hard for her to completely give up on following Felix's tail, but if she could at least earn his respect, she would be immensely happy about it.

"We will see if you have what it takes." Lady Yggdrasil lifted her book and opened it again. Then, she called calmly, "Little brat, come out and take your cousin away."

'Busted!' Asna laughed as she saw Felix's face suddenly turn green.

'He really thought that Lady Yggdrasil can't sense Candace through dimensions.' Thor chuckled with the others as they returned to their poker game, having no intentions to save Felix.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

'You guys are the worst...' Felix cursed under his breath and swiftly exited the void realm with Candace.

"I was away el...Argh!"

Before Felix could give out an excuse, he got whipped three times in the ass by a thick vine that came out of nowhere!

Candace held her laughter as she eyed Felix wincing in pain while rubbing his reddened rear.

"I am sorry." Felix apologized immediately this time instead of playing tricks.

"Your apology is accepted." Lady Yggdrasil smiled kindly, "Don't let me catch you spying on me again."

"It will never happen." Felix promised, knowing that his next punishment wouldn't be three whips.

"Give your cousin the rest of my bloodline and bring her back when she awakens my wisp."

"Will do."

"Take care child." Lady Yggdrasil patted Olivia one last time before pushing her towards Felix gently.

"Thank you goddess, I won't disappoint you." Olivia bowed frantically with a grateful expression.

Just the fact that she was able to reach 99% in her bloodline was already an incredible opportunity since it opened her path to breakthrough Origin Realm.

Seeing that Lady Yggdrasil had returned to reading her book, Felix swiftly took Olivia outside the royal garden.

"How much did you hear?" Olivia asked softly after they exited the royal garden.

"Cough, all of it." 

"You insensitive prick!" Olivia's cheeks reddened in embarrassment. Felix was the last one she wanted him to hear that.

"Oli, I respect your grit and desire to get stronger." Felix said with a solemn tone, "But as Lady Yggdrasil said, don't put me as your goal."

"It's best that you put Noah as your goal as this will help you both motivate each other to become the best versions of yourselves."

"As for worrying about being left behind?" Felix chuckled as he rubbed her hair, "You will always be my little Oli."

"I understand, just stop messing my hair!" Olivia barred her fangs at him as she fixed her ruined hair.

Felix laughed at her cute threatening glare while jumping inside Candace's aircraft...Olivia followed him in and they both returned to her hotel's room in the ninth realm.

Felix handed her the remaining 24% of Lady Yggdrasil's bloodline in a bottle and said, "I can't keep you in the first realm since the Queen is quite b*tchy when it came to humans in her palace. I can't protect you against other racist high elves. So, stay here and push your bloodline percentage intelligently...When Lady Yggdrasil completely approve of you, no one will dare say anything."

"If you need anything, just call me." Felix affirmed, "Alright?"

Olivia nodded in understanding.

She didn't ask him to stay around, knowing that Felix was too busy and had already invested too much of his precious time on her.

"Take care." Olivia gave Felix a quick hug and watched him depart through the void realm.

After she was left all alone, Olivia opened the bloodline bottle with a resolved expression, starting the integration process right away!

Olivia knew that a second better opportunity awaited her after she reached 99% in her integration.

So, she refused to waste time, which might cause her to lose Lady Yggdrasil's interest in her.

'Good luck Oli...Let's go, Candace.'

When Felix saw that Olivia was starting to get undress, he stopped watching her and returned to the first realm, fully confident that Olivia would be a force to be feared in the future.

His guts told him that reaching Origin Realm through a primogenitor's bloodline was going to break the universe...

He couldn't wait for Noah and Olivia to give it a go.

As for himself? Felix knew that he still had a long way to go...