A couple of months later...

Felix had taken Olivia back to Lady Yggdrasil after she reached 99% in her integration and unlocked her ultimate ability, The Seed of Life.

Since Lady Yggdrasil was a great researcher like Lady Sphinx, she was going to handle the runic seed surgery on her own.

Fortunately, the practice runs in the UVR had all come out with positive results. In fact, the experiments went even smoother than Felix's!

It was quite understandable since Olivia already posessed the seed of life ultimate as well as Lady Yggdrasil's bloodline, making her extremely compatible with it.

After dropping her off with Lady Yggdrasil, Felix returned to his room and called Malak.

"Any updates on the spaceship?" 

"I have secured a well established warships engineer from the metal race to lead the building process." Malak informed, "He has already started working with his staff to create a couple of blueprints. When he finishes, I will send them to you to pick one."

"Good work." Felix asked again, "How about the materials? Any issues?"

"I am struggling to procure some rare materials from the Dwarven empire. They refuse to sell them to humans, and it's quite hard to go around it without going completely illegal."

"I thought so." Felix frowned.

The moment he got paid from the empyrean game, Felix sent eight trillion coins to Malak to start working on his new upgraded spaceship.

It had been more than half a year now and Malak was still in the infancy stage since getting the best of the best wasn't easy...Especially for the alloys created in the Dwarven Empire as they were banned to all humans.

"Give me a second." Felix inquired from the Queen, "Can I use a radiant wish or a racial wish to get myself a temporarily trade permit in the Dwarven Empire?"

"It will cost two radiant wishes or five racial wishes based on your current wishes limitations." Queen Ai answered, "In addition, the permit will have only one month access to Dwarven markets system."

"Is one month permit enough to get what you need?" Felix asked.

"Depends on the availability of the materials in the markets." Malak replied.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

In other words, if the permit was used, but there was no supply, it would be wasted...Plus, even if she had a permit it didn't mean that dwarves were going to sell to her.

The alliance might force them to bend their rules a little, but not force them to smile before humans and serve them.

"Alright, study the market and make good preparations." Felix said, "Call me when you are ready to buy them."

"Will do."

Felix hung up the phone and exited his room, going to the royal training hall for his daily class with Selphie.

******

Time went by mercilessly, not caring about the woes of mortals...Before anyone could come to their senses, five years had gone by.

Felix had spent those five years in a rigid daily routine. He always woke up at dawn and started his day with two hours of potion concoction practice.

It might not be a lot, but his consistent efforts stacked up each day and this helped him master three more rank 5 potions. He was only two potions away from fulfilling his promise with Lady Sphinx.

She told him that she would teach him how to create his own recipes, which transcend rank 5 potions if he mastered ten of them.

Felix knew that those potions were even beneficial to primogenitors and such superior beings...So, he refused to get lazy on his potion making craft.

After he finished with the concoction, he ate breakfast with the royal family to keep his bond with them as tight as possible.

In fact, he had already succeeded in that as even Queen Alfreda wasn't giving him as much sh*t as before.

It was quite normal as five years of having him hang around her was bound to change her opinion of him if not slightly.

As for the rest of the royal family? Felix had already won them all as they started to consider him as one of the family.

When Felix was done with his breakfast, he spent almost half of his day on his runic studies.

He was going this hard on himself because he understood that he wasn't going to stay always in the elvish realms. So, he needed to get as much knowledge as possible from Selphie before he departs.

Plus, he was eager to start learning either space or time spells.

He was getting closer than ever as with his extreme hard work, his amazing teacher, and great talent in sensing elemental particles, Felix had already mastered a few omnipotent sand spells!

To reach such a height in merely five years was extraordinary and would make even Selphie's cousins drop their jaws in disbelief.

Unfortunately, no one knew yet that Felix could harness runes as well besides Queen Alfreda.

Even when Felix took part in a couple empyrean and racial games, he still refused to use his sand spells.

That's because Felix was able to win those games with just his other strengths...He would rather not expose more than he should.

Right now, Felix was ranked in the top 270 in the empyrean rank as he had played one game each year...He always chose a game closest to his rank and strength.

After five continuous victories, he was rewarded with twenty-five prize chests...The insane amount of game points he found inside of them had helped him pay his debt.

He was saving the rest of the game points to secure one of the legendaries artifacts as they weren't looking too impossible to obtain with this new winstreak system.

On the other hand, he played racial games on monthly basis with his team, helping him earn an mouthwatering amount of SGPoints for his race!

Naturally, Felix's team didn't go undefeated since the games designs sometime screw him over when it required more than one person to finish the job.

Since Felix's teammates were mere spectators, he could only take the 'L' in those games against his will.

Still, his team had a Winrate of 98% in almost eighty games more or less, which was a remarkable achievement when considering that Felix was soloing those teams!

With this kind of Winrate, the earthling team had already made it to the top fifteen strongest teams in the universe!

Felix would have climbed even higher if he didn't need to babysit his teammates since most empyrean players in those teams were in the top 200/300.

Only the best ten teams had top 100 empyrean players amidst them.

Regardless, Felix's efforts were celebrated throughout the milky-way galaxy since he helped push the human race to rank 25!

He did this while there was still three years to spare before the great reset, which made everyone hopeful that he could push the race rank a couple more.

But Felix didn't see it this way. His team ranked in top 15 from 100...This meant that his next opponents would be from the top ten.

He refused to deal with them alone when he still hadn't even reached top 100 in empyrean rank.

So, he decided to retire from racial games' platform in this cycle, planning to come back only if their race rank fell below top 25.

At the moment, Felix could be seen sitting next to Olivia while listening to another lesson about runic techniques.

"Are you getting any of this?" Felix inquired as he glanced at Olivia.

"Not all of it, but it's better than the magic academy's professors explanations." Olivia answered happily.

For the past five years, Olivia had also started to shine just as brilliantly as Noah...It was for none other than the fact that she was considered as the first human to start using spells!

While Felix could fight without runes perfectly, Olivia would be stupid to not use what she learned in the racial games.

This had made her rock the entire universe and create an insane amount of buzz in the network about another human monster being born.

Felix was quite pleased with this since all the interested parties approach her to get her method of learning runes, instead of annoying him.

Olivia ignored them all as per Felix's advice.

Since she was given approval by Lady Yggdrasil to stay in the royal palace and even study in the elvish magic academy, she was unreachable by them.

With time going by, the noise and interest died down, leaving Olivia to focus on her studies in the magic academy.

"How are you being treated there?" Felix asked.

"It's alright." Olivia smiled.

Felix sighed and dropped the subject, knowing that Olivia was merely saying so to not make him worry.

He had experienced racism first hand in the Witch Academy as the sole human student there...So, he knew that Olivia must be bullied senseless by those elves students.

But, he would rather not get himself involved, leaving Olivia to handle it on her own.

"I am not repeating this, so you better focus." Selphie warned after seeing that Felix wasn't going to speak again.

"Sorry, you may con..."

'Sir Felix...It's time.' Aegnor suddenly spoke in Felix's mind, 'I have just exited the war room meeting. They are finally planning to start hunting down Gelatinous Cubes and World Eaters!'

'It's about damn time.' Felix smiled coldly in his mind at the news.