Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 112 - Warning Molly

"Is she planning to hang with that man and ditch us as punishment?" Natalia wondered while tilting her head slightly.

Molly coiled a strand in her finger again and answered with an uncertain tone, "Probably not? She won't take it that far."

A few minutes later, her eyes suddenly brightened up after seeing Stella returning to them with a smile.

"See told you so." Molly said.

Still confused, Natalia nodded her head.

"Beauties follow me." Stella took their hands and pulled them with her towards the bar.

"What are you doing Stella?" Molly asked nervously.

"Heh, I set us all a date with that handsome." She grinned at their dismayed expressions and said, "We will sit all in one room during the auction house."

"But the auction rooms only have 3 chairs!" Natalia said.

"Exactly!" Stella eyed them playfully and added, "One of you girls will have to either share a chair between you two or with him." She teased them, "Maybe, I will even sit on his thigh and let you beauties sit on each chair."

"What the hell Stella! that's too far!" Molly complained while trying to break away from Stella's grip. Sadly, she had to stop her attempts after reaching the man's side.

'Sigh, whatever, being with a stranger might even keep that horny dog away from me.' She sighed, accepting her fate.

She lifted her head to see who did Stella set them up with, and suddenly felt that it was not so bad after seeing Felix's easy-going smile.

"Ladies, nice to meet you." Felix nodded his head politely and introduced himself, "I am Felix, please have a seat. Drinks are on their way."

Natalia and Molly introduced themselves politely as they seated next to him. Honestly, they didn't even need to introduce themselves, as Felix already knew about their identity.

"I am a big fan of both of your works." Felix complimented them sincerely, "To actually drink with Miss Molly the current queen of dramas, and Miss Natalia lead singer of Tigers of Love Idol band, is truly a lucky day for me."

"Hey! Not fair." Stella jumped in front of him and pointed at herself, "What about me? Don't you love watching my movies?"

Felix shook his head gently and said, "Miss Stella, how can you say that? I have repeatedly watched your movies." He approached her ear and whispered, "Especially, Sinful Purity movie."

"You're bad, how can you say that to my face." She laughed and pushed him away.

Felix didn't feel ashamed at all, bragging about watching repeatedly the only movie she had a nude scene in.

Molly and Natalia tilted their heads in confusion at their flirting.

'What the hell, isn't this too quick? They just met.' Molly thought.

'Did sister Stella brought us to watch them flirt with each other?' Natalia thought.

They shared eye contact for a quick second and nodded in understanding. 'Game on! Let's see who will watch who!'

Natalia abruptly hugged Felix's left arm and asked shyly with sparkling sapphire azure eyes, "Brother Felix, which one of my songs do you love the most?"

A bit baffled, Felix gave a side glance at her weird behavior. But still, he answered her after contemplating for a while.

"It's quite hard to choose. However, my favorites are >On your KneesImaginary Road<" He smiled and complimented her, "Especially Imaginary Road video clip, your beauty truly shone in it."

Natalia didn't answer him back, as she lowered her head, avoiding eye contact with him. Her attempt to flirt backfired at her immediately. Molly laughed softly at her friend's reaction. She knew that Natalia gets awkward instantly after being praised by males.

"Hehe, Sister Natalia, I always told you the same, but you never believed me." Stella smiled teasingly and said. "Now that you hear it from Felix, you didn't refuse. Tell why so?"

Natalia's ears turned red in embarrassment, she didn't think Stella would go that far and twist facts like this, trying to make it sound like she had a thing for Felix.

'Since you are playing dirty, let's see how you react when I do the same.'

Natalia ignored Stella's playful smile, and courageously whispered in Felix's ear while covering it with her small hands.

Stella nervously watched Felix's expression turn weird while looking at her body.

'F*ck! Don't tell me she told him about that!!'

Stella flinched at his invasive sight. She felt that every inch of her body was n.a.k.e.d in his eyes, especially when she wore nothing underneath her dress!

"Cough, be right back, I need to head to the bathroom." She stood up hurriedly and walked faster away from them.

Yet she felt her cheeks burn after feeling three piercing gazes at her rear. She gritted her teeth and increased her speed even faster until she disappeared in the corner.

"Pffffff!! that what you get after dressing that way." Natalia and Molly laughed besides Felix, who was honestly quite uncomfortable about knowing such private information.

He might have accepted having them in his auction room to not feel bored during the long duration of the bidding, but still, he didn't expect he would be hearing secrets from his stars that he loved to watch and listen to in his previous life.

'Oh well, Might as well enjoy it.' He thought to himself. His thick skin quickly helped him accept this situation.

'Felix warn her about her next garbage series!' Asna's voice suddenly interjected in Felix's mind.

'No! Uhm? Hehe, with pleasure.' Felix's slits thinned dangerously for a split second unnoticed by the ladies before returning to their normal size.

'You are such a bastard.' Asna cursed him after reading what he had in mind.

"Is it possible to know if your next drama is already in production?" Felix turned his head to Molly, as he casually asked.

Molly stopped laughing after hearing him talk business. If he asked about the release date of her drama, it meant he wanted to watch it. But if he asked about production, it signified that he planned on investing.

"Sir Felix, the production won't begin until next month." She answered seriously.

'Is he going to ask about investing in the series? Or he is just curious?'

"hmm, I see." He nodded lightly and asked an unexpected question to Molly, "How did you find the plot? You can answer honestly about your real feeling." He smiled, "No one is going to judge you."

Even though Natalia didn't understand what he was implying, she still nodded her head in agreement.

Molly stared at his genuine eyes and didn't know what to say. She wanted to express her real views about the script, but she was not a fool to do so in front of a man she just met.

So she kept hesitating to speak, not knowing what to do. Felix sighed at this sight and waved his hand dismissively "Forget it; I apologize for putting you in such a difficult position." He paused, "However, just from your hesitation the answer is pretty clear."

He lifted his glass of bluish wine and advised her with a solemn expression, "Trust in your gut feeling towards the script. It's still not too late."

After that, he ignored her completely and kept flirting with Natalia playfully, teasing her here and there making her blush constantly.

He didn't bother explaining what he meant to Molly. He already gave her a free future brownie, due to Asna telling him to warn her of that shit hole she was about to fall in.

If it was not for Asna, he wouldn't have bothered to say anything. He wanted to keep the timeline exactly the same as the last one for as long as possible. This action would cause quite an impact on the film industry if Molly listened to his advice.

As the upcoming series she was about to cast in, failed horribly due to another series grabbing the attention of every spectator. If it was not for it, the series would have performed as expected, average results, but stable income.

However, because of this variable, Molly's series got bashed to the ground after it was being compared constantly between the two. Especially when the episodes release was close to each other. The difference got even more apparent to the audience.

This constant bashing resulted in the series being dropped by the producers.

No one got hit harder than the actors, specifically Molly who was a famous celebrity within the Empire.

Felix planned to invest in that series!

That's why, Asna wanted him to enlighten Molly, as she didn't want the series he was about to invest in to crush Molly, who acted in five of her favorite drama series.

However, Felix had something different in mind.

....

"Why are you spacing out?" Stella immediately asked Molly after returning from the bathroom. She sat next to her and waited for her response.

"Felix told me to follow my gut feeling when dealing with my upcoming series."?Absent-minded, Molly coiled a curly strand on her finger as she replied.

"Uhm? Did he now?" Surprised, Stella glanced at Felix, who was drinking with Natalia. She then patted her friend's shoulder and asked, "Well, what was your first thought after reading the script?"

Molly looked at her tearfully and responded, "Trash!"

"..." Stella didn't know whether to laugh or cry at her truthful response.

'Her company will skin her alive if they caught wind of what she said in public.'

"Well, then just don't do it, baby." Stella hugged her with a smile and advised, "You are Miss Molly; do you think you will struggle to find another series to act in? I doubt it. So if you feel that you are not fit for this series." She poked Molly's nose with her finger and said, "Just ask your company to terminate your contract with it." Findd new ð’”tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"But, they will refuse to pay the termination fees." Molly slapped Stella's finger away and added, "Even more so based on a hunch of mine."

"If I paid the fees, would you sign a contract with me to act in an upcoming series I am planning to invest in?" Felix put his head between their hug while tempting Molly with a soft devilish voice.