Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

For the past five years, Felix was being updated on everything on going in the war room.

Although he received a few locations of some high profiled war room members, he didn't make a move on them.

He was waiting patiently for them to kick off their capturing mission.

It finally started!

"Girls, I will be taking off to handle some important matters." Felix informed with a serious tone, "I might not be around for a couple of months."

"Ah...Okay."

Both Olivia and Selphie didn't ask him about those matters, knowing that if Felix was comfortable sharing it, he would have done so.

So, they could only wish him good luck and watch him disappear inside a void rift.

The first thing Felix did was meet with Aegnor inside his consciousness space.

"Tell me everything." Felix ordered.

"Arthur have created two capturing teams under the leadership of Meriam and The Ruiner." Aegnor shared, "Meriam will start first as she will lead eight hundred unique void creatures to capture a newly discovered Gelatinous Cube in the Goura Galaxy."

"A new one? How big is it?" Felix asked.

"At least three times the size of an average star." Aegnor informed.

"That's a big one." Felix frowned, knowing that the average stars had almost the same size as the sun in the solar system.

To put it into perspective, just the sun was 109 times wider than Earth...Felix couldn't imagine a Gelatinous Cube three times that.

"This is nothing." Aegnor shared with a spooked tone, "I have once witnessed a Gelatinous Cube a hundred times the size of that...He had millions of planets inside his jelly-like body."

"They are really cosmic nightmares." Felix remarked with a solemn expression.

The fact that the void race members were planning to capture them and use them as biological weapons in this war made his blood run cold.

"Fortunately, they can't capture those  super stupendous unique void creatures." Candace said.

They knew that even if all unique void creatures worked together to create the biggest void rift in existence, it still wouldn't cover even 1% of the size of that Gelatinous Cube.

So, they could only stick with the rest, which weren't as gigantic but still possess immense threat to anyone in this universe.

"What about The Ruiner's squad?"

"He will be targeting a World Eater." Aegnor disclosed with a serious tone, "You might know it. It's the infamous one in Skarria Galaxy."

"That one? Aren't they too daring?" Felix was startled.

He knew that Symbiote as it was one of the most popular ones in the universe.

That's because it was caught in a gravitational field of a small stellar black hole and was struggling to escape from it ever since.

No one knew exactly how long was that Symbiote stuck there, but its situation had been turned into a tourism opportunity!

It allowed tourists to see one of the scariest apocalyptic creatures in the universe in a hopeless situation, which wasn't a common occurrence.

So, Felix understood that there would be plenty of eyes on that symbiote, making it extremely risky for the void race to attempt and capture it in front of them.

"Unless..." Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise as he shared, "Arthur uses his authority to close off the tourism site!"

"Exactly." Aegnor confirmed it.

Felix knew that Skarria Galaxy was being inhabited exclusively by Sage Race.

As the king, Arthur clearly had authority to shut down the tourism site around the Symbiote until they finish with their mission.

"Wouldn't that raise some suspicion on him, though?" Asna inquired.

No one was dumb enough to believe that it was just a coincidence.

"Arthur already planned a way to avoid that." Aegnor mentioned, "He is going to raid the tourists with pirates and slaughter them all. Then, he will declare the area as closed off for tourism for a few months until those pirates are caught."

"If the symbiote disappeared then, no one will link him with the incident."

"Smart." Felix agreed.

Not even the most intelligent person would believe that Arthur had a hand in this since his void identity was well-kept. 

Sages didn't possess any scroll or technology to get them rid of that symbiote. If not, they would have done so immediately since the symbiote was considered as an active danger in their galaxy.

"For now, we have decided to start with the Gelatinous Cube." Aegnor informed, "The journey will start in seven days. Meriam and her team will group up near their target."

"Good, this gives me a head start to arrive there faster than them and prepare for my move." Felix smiled coldly.

"Can I come too?" Aegnor requested with a hopeful tone.

"Sure, but tell them that you are traveling with me towards the witch empire or something." Felix said, "This will help raise your value in the war room as everyone will believe that you have finally earned a place in my inner circle. Most importantly, it will give you a reason to leave Forlond."

It had been five years now and Felix was helping Aegnor with bits of fake knowledge about himself, so he wouldn't lose his statue in the war room...Especially, when it had expanded immensely with other authoritative unique void creatures.

"Are we departing now?"

"Yes." Felix narrowed his eyes, "It's time to take control."

...

After one long month of nonstop traveling, Felix, Aegnor, and Candace had finally arrived at coordinates of the Gelatinous Cube.

Although they were staying at a far distance from it, Felix couldn't help but feel awed and rattled by the appearence of such magnificent monstrosity.

It was a perfectly symmetrical cosmic cube made out of pinkish jelly substance. It didn't have any facial features or anything that could suggest that it was a life form.

Although its appearence resembled a cute cubic marshmallow, Felix couldn't help but feel chills running down his spine at the sight of countless planets, moons, and even some unique non-intelligent cosmic creatures being stuck inside its body.

"How many people do you think are there?" Asna wondered.

"Who knows? But it has to be an unfathomable number..." Felix replied with a solemn tone.

He knew that Gelatinous Cubes were considered even more dangerous than Gluttonous World Eaters.

That's because symbiotes at least end up exploding after absorbing more energy than their bodies could handle.

On other hand, Gelatinous Cubes ate only things that were emitting a source of life.

Instead of slowly digesting the planets and anything inside of it, the gelatinous cube put all lifeforms within it into an eternal slumber.

Then, it feed on their dreams...Hence, the name, The Dreamer.

Unlike symbiotes, it never let go of its prey as its jelly-like substance provided its food with immortality!

It was like deep-freezing someone but at the same time keeping their hearts and brains active!

Naturally, such a miraculous substance was sought for by almost everyone...Unfortunately, nothing could harm Gelatinous Cubes besides similar monsters.

As for nukes and other mass destructive weapons?

They always fail to make contact as it was believed to be covered by a permanent invisible telekinesis shield.

It was tough enough to block anything hundreds of kilometers away from its body!

They even tested harming it from the inside by putting a sh*load of mass destruction bombs in planets and moons targeted by them.

Too bad, their attempt failed as the instant those cosmic bodies get devoured, they lose out signal with the outside...It was like entering another dimension.

"Do you think that Nimo can control it?" Asna wondered.

"I don't know..." Felix frowned, "It's far too big, and it's risky to get close to it."

Felix knew that Nimo had to be in the same dimension as the void creatures to control them.

He honestly was too scared to get close to this Gelatinous Cubes that was three times the size of the sun.

"It's best to wait until the others put it in void realm." Felix said, "We can then make a move on all of them simultaneously."

Without further ado, Felix brought out his Dark Deviant spaceship and entered it with his companions.

Then, he put a reasonable distance from the Gelatinous Cube and activated the spaceship's amazing anti-surveillance system.

This way, it would be extremely diffuclt for him to get found out.

For the next couple of days, Felix kept his eyes glued to the window that was facing the Gelatinous Cube.

It might be impossible to see anyone near it, but he was being updated by Aegnor on the situation. He was doing so through one of Meriam's teammates stream in the war room.

'Don't you think that the stream will expose you?' Asna frowned.

'Not if we made our move in the void realm.' Felix narrowed his eyes, 'We will have a small window to enslave everyone before they emerge back to the matter universe.'

'That will be hard.'𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

'I never said it's going to be easy.'

Felix understood that enslaving hundreds of unique void creatures in a small period was the easy part...Making them not expose anything after, was the difficult part!

After all, he would be required to convince everyone to turn to his side while at the same time making sure that Arthur and the rest of the war room stay ignorant about such a mass betrayal!

If his situation was picked up by Arthur, his whole plan would fall apart instantly!

'Meriam has arrived.' Aegnor disclosed calmly.

'It's time.' Felix dropped those thoughts and prepared to make his move with Nimo...