Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Meriam, are you ready?"

Arthur inquired as he watched Meriam hovering in front of an army of unique void creatures...Some took their monstrous void appearances while others retained their disguises, ranging from Pandions, Dragons, Vampires, Werewolves, and the list goes on...

If someone looked at them, he would be left at loss for words at how uncanny this scene appeared.

"We are still missing some." Meriam shared with a charming smile, "But, we can begin manifesting the void rift."

"Good, start as quick as possible." Arthur stressed, "We might need your team's help in taking down the World Eater."

"Alright." Meriam sent a telepathic message to her teammates, 'Act as we practiced.'

Everyone nodded in understanding and jumped inside the void realm after her...Only one vampire was left behind as he was the one responsible over the stream.

It might not be noticeable, but he wasn't the AP bracelet to record what's going on...He was using another recording device that resembled a video camera.

He was forced to go with this device since he couldn't have Queen Ai connect him directly with this mission.

The same applied to everyone involved in this mission as they were using their main bodies and consciousness, which were freed from Queen Ai.

Just like primogenitors, the unique void creatures mostly link their wisps of consciousness with Queen Ai, so when sh*t hit the fan, she wouldn't have control over them.

'They started.' Felix narrowed his eyes in concentration after spotting a vast void rift emerge in front of the Gelatinous Cube.

It was expanding at an insane speed, making it resemble a black hole emerging out of nothingness!

Still, compared to the Gelatinous Cube's size, it barely covered 5%!

Candace opened a void rift in front of Felix, allowing him to zoom in on this expanse of darkness until he managed to spot hundreds of purplish figures.

All of them seemed to have twisted expression with their hands extended towards the vast void rift.

'It doesn't look like they will pull it off?' Asna commentated.

'I don't think they need to create a void rift with the same size as the Gelatinous Cube.' Felix remarked, 'If they managed to pull off just half of the size, their plan would work.'

Felix knew that the Gelatinous Cube and World Eaters had a flexible body structure, enabling them to squeeze through tighter surface areas.

As he mentioned, the moment the void rift seemed to cover half the size of the Gelatinous Cube, Meriam and the others stopped pushing to make it bigger and just focused on sustaining it.

Slowly but surely, the Gelatinous Cube was edging closer and closer to the void rift.

When there were merely a few kilometers away from it, the unexpected have happened, stupefying everyone!

The Gelatinous Cube started to change its shape to a long cylinder to match the exact size of the void rift!

Then, it started going inside the void realm without needing to squeeze or damage its body in the process!

"They can do that?" Arthur remarked speechlessly.

If even Arthur, The Ruiner, and other knowledgeable ancient unique void creatures were dumbfounded by the sight, there was no need to mention the others.

Who could blame them for their lack of knowledge?

No one had ever seen a Gelatinous Cube enter a void rift or exit from it at such a drastic size.

'Don't lose focus!' Meriam cursed everyone telepathically after seeing the void rift starting to deform.

Her shout forced everyone to regain their concentration and stabilize the void rift...They knew that if the void rift failed at this crucial moment, the Gelatinous Cube would be sliced up!

Fortunately, no other problems arose for the next five days.

'Just a bit more!' Meriam encouraged as she eyed the last 1% of the Gelatinous Cube pass over through the void rift.

It might be just 1%, but it gave everyone a run for their money since their concentration was on the brick of evaporation.

Five continuous days of pumping their maximum energy to sustain a cosmic void rift had taken an immense toll on all of them.

If they weren't in the void realm with infinite energy, it wouldn't have been possible.

The moment everyone saw that the Gelatinous Cube had passed over thoroughly, they relaxed their control, which caused the void rift to start shrinking at a rapid pace before it was completely closed shut.

Clap Clap Clap!...

When Arthur and the rest in the war room saw this, they applauded in celebration with wide grins on their faces.

"This marks a historical day for the void race." Arthur proclaimed passionately, "It marks the beginning of the void race coming together as a single entity to fulfill our god's wish!"

"Now, we just need to gain control over the world eater and our army would have all seven sins working for a single goal." The Ruiner remarked with a faint smirk.

The war room had already gained control over many Wrathful Creators within the void realm.

They were much easier to control since their sizes weren't as humongous as the other two non-intelligent unique void creatures.

While they were celebrating in the UVR, Meriam and her teammates were taking a break as they watched the Gelatinous Cube's shape become a cube again.

'Good job everyone.' Meriam wiped her sweaty forehead as she ordered, 'Lighthouse Squad, you guys are up.'

'Allow us a few minutes to catch our breath...'

'I can't move...'

'I am starting to regret signing for this...'

'Stop whining and do your job before it targets the nearest planet.' Meriam scolded with an annoyed tone.

Knowing that the situation was serious, the Lighthouse squad grouped up and started emitting a powerful radiation of life near the Gelatinous Cube.

They were a bunch of Djins, who were tasked to use their wishes from the greed laws to turn themselves into a beacon of life force!

Since non-intelligent void creatures were guided by life force, it made the lighthouse squads able guide them wherever they desired!

As expected, just like a dog smelling food, the Gelatinous Cube began moving towards them, ignoring the other lifeforms signals from a distance.

'Now, your job for the next five years is to guide it towards the humans' galaxy.' Meriam ordered.

'We know.'

'Tsk, I just had to lose that damn coin flip.'

No one in the lighthouse squad was pleased by their mission...Too bad, they couldn't complain since their luck screwed them over.

Unfortunately, just as they tried to guide the Gelatinous Cube away, their bodies froze completely as a wave of crippling terror washed over them from nowhere.

When they glanced near them, they were left even more terrified by the sight of Meriam and the rest of their teammates sharing the same look as them.

'This familiar feeling....It can't be...' Meriam mumbled while her heart was beating like a drum.

When she realized that the sensation was emitting from on top, she glanced above her with great difficulty.

What appeared before her scared her to the core with the rest of her teammates.

No one could blame them as Nimo surfaced nearby with a behemoth size, making his bloodish red eyes illuminate above them akin to two blood moons!

In this realm, where even light was absorbed, those dreadful eyes illuminated as bright as the sun.

'Nimo, order them to send their main consciousness inside your mind and leaves wisps in their bodies.' Felix requested as he stood on top of Nimo's head with a stoic expression.

Eee Eee!

Nimo did as he was told without needing Felix to elaborate further...That's because Felix had trained him for this specific moment for the past five years!

It wasn't hard when he could recreate the same scenario in the UVR.

Meriam and the others listened to his order against their will.

When they opened their eyes inside Nimo's consciousness space, all of them were forced to gulp a mouthful in fear and awe at the sight of an infinite pitch-black ocean.

"Welcome my friends to your new home." Felix emerged from underneath the ocean while having Nimo sit on top of his shoulder. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

With the Kraken's passive and teachings over the past five years, Felix was able to split his wisp and place it inside other living beings' consciousness space.

Honestly, if it wasn't for Nimo allowing it, he wouldn't have been able to invade his consciousness space regardless of what he did.

Soon, Candace and Aegnor were seen standing behind him with faint cold smirks as they stared at their own kin without an ounce of mercy.

When Meriam and the others saw them, they felt chills course on their spine.

"I know that you have countless questions. Unfortunately, I don't have time to enlighten you." Felix eyed them coldly and said, "You have two choices. Either get tortured for eternity for daring to scheme against your god or switch your allegiance to me."

"You have two minutes."

Felix proclaimed one last time before sitting on a pitch-black throne before them while rubbing Nimo's belly on his lap.

'What the hell is going on?!' Meriam's playful persona was nowhere to be seen as this uncanny situation completely broke her mind.

Her teammates' reaction wasn't any better.

The poor things were just celebrating their successful mission of catching a Gelatinous Cube before they got caught by another predator.

A predator capable of deciding their fate with a single word!