Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

'Is that really our god?'

'Are you dumb? Is there anyone capable of removing our main consciousness and place them in his mind against our will?' Meriam cursed at such a retarded telepathic message.

Just the unique evil aura was definitive evidence of Nimo's identity...The fact that he could order them around as he wished was merely a bonus.

Without a single second wasted, Meriam swiftly kowtowed and begged for forgiveness, "Meriam greets the Great Paragon and wish to be punished for having ill intentions."

When others saw her behave like this, they finally broke their petrification and copied her actions...It didn't matter whether one was an authoritative imitator inside the war room or a newly added member to the army.

All of them kowtowed twice and remained in the same position while shaking slightly, waiting for their god to pardon them.

As for the two choices given to them by Felix? They didn't even bother to consider them...The moment their god had resurfaced, their lives stopped belonging to them.

In other words, the party was over.

"You may rise." Felix ordered indifferently.

Although they knew that Felix wasn't the paragon, they didn't dare to disobey him since nothing made sense at the moment.

"Listen up, the paragon of sins is still slumbering." Felix confessed calmly as he picked the cute Nimo up, "This is his future replacement."

Eee Eee!

This news shocked everyone to the core, but it made even more sense than their original creator hanging around with a human in a shape of a raccoon.

This made some unique void creatures to feel somewhat conflicted since Nimo wasn't their creator...But the majority had one similar reaction.

'A chance!'

Meriam's eyes lit up at the thought of being subordinate to the new Paragon of Sins while he was still in growth process.

'Damn it, that sl*t Candace has been around him for a long time.'

Meriam got irked at the sight of Candace smirking at her, realizing that her chance to be number one subordinate was already taken.

Just like her fears were proven right, Felix announced nonchalantly, "Candace will be responsible over all of you. Her words must be treated if they were said by me."

"All of you f*ckers are still in probation...I don't mind thinning the herd by removing some fools, who refuse to understand their place." 

Felix had no intentions of being nice to them from the very start. He knew that the only reason they were behaving was due to Nimo.

If he wanted them to truly respect and treat him as their king, he must show them that he wasn't to be taken lightly...Otherwise, they wouldn't try their best to adhere to his orders.

"Candace, they are all yours." Felix said as he retreated to the back, allowing Candace to establish her dominance over them.

"Firstly, the Paragon has already freed you from the oath taken to keep the war confidential." Candace shared composedly, "So, you don't need to worry about banishment in case you spoke to us about the war."

Everyone believed her as Aegnor was the perfect evidence...They always saw him hanging around them and feeding them garbage while he was, in fact, a double agent.

"Secondly, you can't keep your bodies inside the void realm for long as this will draw suspicion from the others in the war room." Candace narrowed her eyes dangerously, "So, I want you to behave as normal and keep this development to yourselves."

"To motivate you to make your best effort, I want you to swear on oath on the Paragon right this instant."

The moment they heard so, everyone's expressions changed drastically for the worst.

In the case of Aegnor, Felix didn't force him to make such an oath since he was much easier to handle and manage than hundreds of unique void creatures.

He knew that everyone would never consider betraying Nimo, but with the oath involved, they would go an extra mile to avoid exposing him.

In addition, this oath would help him free their main consciousness from Nimo's mind without worrying too much about their betrayal.

"I swear upon the great Paragon of Sins to remain as his loyal and trustworthy subordinate until death do us apart."

Meriam was the first take the oath, knowing that she needed to make herself stand out from the rest to gain Felix's trust.

"Good." Candace eyed everyone coldly, "What are you waiting for?"

Without delay, Meriam's teammates shouted out the same oath simultaneously, fearing that if they hesitated for another second, they would be picked up and made an example of.

'Tsk.'

They were completely right as Candace was slightly annoyed that no one tried to act too smart, making it hard for her to install even more terror in them.

"Now, leave wisps of your consciousness here and return your mains in your bodies." Candace ordered, "We will carry this on after we deal with the war room."

Meriam and the rest did as they were told without any complaint.

When they opened their eyes back in the void realm, Meriam stated coldly, "You heard her, act normal. If you can't, you can f*ck off right now, and I will cover for you."

Since unique void creatures were known to be individualist, the war room wouldn't be too weirded out by some heading out first after succeeding in their mission.

However, no one moved a step...There was no way they could show themselves lacking while Felix and their god were still watching.

"Lighthouse squad, keep up your work. The rest, let's return." Meriam commanded as she exited the void realm.

"They are out." Arthur smiled widely as he looked at Meriam and the others regrouping near the vampire, who was still streaming.

One of them beamed a humongous spaceship nearby, and they all went inside to facilitate communication with the war room.

"The Gelatinous Cube is in its journey towards the humans' galaxy." Meriam spoke towards the camera with her usual playful smile, "How is the Ruiner's mission going?"

"Great effort everyone." Arthur praised them first before mentioning, "The pirates have just began their slaughter. It will take some time before we can make a move."

"I see." Meriam proposed, "How about we come to help him out?"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I don't need your help." The Ruiner remarked with a cold expression.

"Hold on a second." Arthur interjected, "You have seen how hard it was for them to capture The Dreamer. With more numbers, we can deal with the World Eater in less time."

"I said I don't need it." The Ruiner glared at Arthur, "Don't make me repeat myself."

"It's alright, Arthur." Meriam smiled charmingly, "I guess we should make a move on another target."

"Since you are already in Goura Galaxy as a team, how about you capture a dozen more Wrathful Creators?" Arthur suggested.

"What do you say?" Meriam looked at her teammates.

"I am out, I need to return to my post before my absence raise suspicion in my pack." A golden furred werewolf shook his head.

"Likewise."

"I am down, I don't have much to do at the moment."

Some Imitators and Djins rejected the invitation while most void succubus and annihilation Fiends had no problem with the new mission.

Since no one here could be forced to do anything, Arthur and Meriam allowed them to leave.

"Call me if you have any updates."

Arthur wished them good luck and closed off the stream to switch focus on The Ruiner's mission.

After he was gone, everyone sighed in relief.

Abruptly, Felix and his clique appeared amidst them through a void rift.

"Good job everyone." Felix smiled with a satisfied expression.

He watched the entire interaction while analyzing Arthur's face....It didn't change at all, making him understand that no one had behaved in any way to raise suspicious.

"Especially you." Felix praised as he eyed the breathtaking Meriam, "An excellent control over the conversation flow."

"I don't deserve such a high praise, I am only doing what I can." Meriam blushed, making Candace and the other void succubus to roll their eyes at her attempt to charm Felix.

Felix smiled faintly as he requested, "Please follow me."

'It worked?'

'Damn it! I should have given it a go!'

'He still a human and can be easily won over through his sexual desires!'

The other void succubus all started having weird thoughts of making moves on Felix after seeing him take Meriam away.

After they reached a private room in the spaceship, Meriam thought to herself as she glanced at Candace, 'Heh, he must have grown bored with Candace already. If I took advantage of my...'

Before she could finish her sentence, Felix asked with a serious tone, "I have heard that you have a big portion of the Dwarven Empire under your control...Mind telling me more?"

'B*tch, you thought.' Candace snickered as she eyed Meriam's dazed expression.