Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Meriam snapped out of her daze swiftly and spoke with an enticing tone, "What do you wanna know about it?" 

"How much control are we talking about?" Felix inquired.

"Besides the emperor and his officials, I have control over most of the upper echolone." Meriam shared.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Hmm? Why haven't you targeted them?" Felix frowned, "I believe you can easily turn them into your sex slaves as well."

"I can't." Meriam shook her head, "All of them are wearing legendary artifacts that protect their mind against my mental attacks."

"I see." Felix nodded in understanding.

It was normal for the emperor and his officials to be protected heavily from any kind of danger.

He believed that most of them should be donned from top to bottom with ancient and new legendary artifacts since they didn't desire money from selling them.

"Plus, I would rather not push it too far lest I irk elder Cyclope." Meriam added.

'Hmm? Doesn't she know that elder Cyclope has already forsaken the dwarves?' Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

'Must be.' Candace agreed, 'I also didn't know about it until we met him in person.'

For normal people, they had no clue about Cyclope and his involvement with the Dwarf Race. In the case of the void race, most of them saw it with their own eyes or at least heard about it.

After all, they existed before even the dwarves or other new races were born.

The only reason they never seem to grow or change was due to their limitations imposed on them from birth.

"Is there a problem?" Meriam hardened her expression, "If you want I can give up on a few slaves and attempt to enslave them."

"No need." Felix waved his hand and asked with a serious tone, "Can you get me large quantities of elemental minerals?"

"Hmm? Yes, but is that all?" Meriam titled her head in confusion.

"What else can you get?"

"I can get you epic and even some legendary artifacts." Meriam smiled, "My slaves have some as heritage from their ancient families."

"Oho, mind showing me a list?" Felix grinned faintly.

He wasn't concerned with stealing them from their owners since they were already enslaved by Meriam.

Just like the Great Commander of the Guardian Empire, they would do anything to please her even if it meant giving up their most precious treasures.

"Damn, all of them are weapons?" Felix remarked after seeing three holographic artifacts...One was a sword, the other was a spear, and the last one was a bow.

Soon, he shook his head as he closed the list. He wasn't interested in all of them since he already had his crescent battleaxe.

'How about you give one to Noah or Olivia?' Candace suggested.

'Olivia is using her mutation as her wand while Noah utilize his claws as his weapons.'

Felix knew that both of them had their own fighting style, and he would be merely ruining it by forcing them to use a legendary artifact that didn't match it.

Plus, it would bring them trouble if they ever got recognized carrying it...After all, Meriam had control over a few authoritative dwarves, not the entire race.

For those legendary artifacts used as family heritage, everyone would realize that something wasn't right when they see them in the hands of Olivia and Noah.

"You can leave them their legendary artifacts." Felix requested, "How about epic graded ones?"

Without hesitation, Meriam displayed a new list with tens of epic artifacts!

This time, Felix was extremely pleased by a dozen of names...Just like he was window shopping, he kept swiping anything he liked to a holographic cart.

There were epic artifacts in the shape of jewelry capable of boosting his mental defenses and attacks.

Some jewelry provided with extreme elemental resistances and some were even capable of having the owner stay permanently invisible!

There were even multiple armors each with different strengths and weaknesses.

Felix picked what he felt would be beneficial for him and his friends...Then, he sent the shopping cart to Meriam, "Get me those, please."

"I will keep it in mind when I return to the empire." Meriam nodded with a delighted smile.

In her eyes, nothing mattered at the moment besides gaining a solid place next to Felix like Candace and Aegnor.

"How about the elemental minerals?"

"Get me as much as you can." Felix stressed, "The rarer, the better."

Having Meriam by his side really relieved him from dealing with dwarves personally.

For the past five years, he kept using his wishes from the racial platform to buy temporarily trade tickets for Malak. She used them to buy whatever materials were requested from the spaceship engineer.

To completely take advantage of the temporarily trade tickets, he also requested her to buy him rare elemental minerals for his dragon cultivation system.

Unfortunately, she wasn't able to procure a satisfactory quantity or quality since she was always forced to use the black market.

The dwarves refused to sell her in the public markets due to her race.

She couldn't even hire someone from another race for the task because they required to sign contract for each large trade...Obviously, one of the contract's terms was to not sell or give them to a human.

Hence, Felix had been struggling for a while now with the resources for his dragon cultivation system, leaving him stuck in the second dragon mark.

"If that's all you need, consider them done." Meriam smiled charmingly as she boasted, "One of my slaves controls the largest minerals market in the empire."

"You are really a lifesaver." Felix's eyes lit up.

"It's nothing." Meriam winked at him seductively, "I live to serve my master in any way he desires."

'Candace, please slap this b*tch for me.' Asna requested with an irked expression.

Slap!!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Candace appeared in front of Meriam and slapped the light out of her, leaving her utterly stunned!

"This is from Madam Asna." Candace sneered as she eyed Meriam, "Behave yourself when you are before her husband."

Meriam licked a drop of blood from her wounded lip before lowering her head in front of Felix, "I apologize for overstepping my bounds."

She was familiar with Asna as she saw her hang around Felix in a couple of viral videos in the network.

But, she never thought that she would have this kind of authority in Felix's affairs, believing that a girl with such an obvious fake artificial goddess-like beauty must be just a booty call.

Alas...She couldn't be more wrong.

"You are excused." Candace sent Meriam away and turned to Felix with a solemn expression, "You must be careful with this vixen. She will try everything to get what she wants, even if it means slaughtering an entire race."

"I am a fair person." Felix stated nonchalantly, "If she proves to be useful to my plans and end goals, then she can be a vital subordinate besides me."

"As for her ambition? I don't give a shit as long as she doesn't betray me." Felix chuckled as he glanced at Candace, "You are the one, who should be feeling threatened by her, not me."

It was clear that Meriam was gunning after Candace's position since she was the spokesperson for him in matters related to the void race.

So, he didn't really need to worry about her but Candace.

"She can try." Candace scoffed.

She wasn't even upset by what Felix said. In her eyes, it was only normal for Aegnor or another void race member to replace her if he/she outshone her too much.

So, to avoid losing Felix's favor, she wasn't planning on lazing around and make sure to get the best out of her duties.

"I will start by sorting their identities by their importance." Candace informed, "I will call you if I found something interesting in their identities."

"Alright, good luck." Felix nodded, knowing that a lot of work awaited her.

Even though the others didn't have the same authority and reach as Meriam and Arthur, but they had diversity on their sides.

Felix understood that each imitator and void succubus must have their hands in some sort of racial political scene.

By adding them to his side, he would have moles spread out through the entire universe!

"We need to get moving towards the Worlds Eater before the Ruiner's team start their mission." Felix glanced at Aegnor and said, "You are up."

Aegnor's eyelids twitched as he jumped inside the void realm and turned himself into an aircraft...He had seen this day coming ever since Candace was promoted.

As for Candace? She preferred staying with Meriam's team to keep an eye on them up close even though she could just as easily meet them all inside Nimo's consciousness space.

'Only The Ruiner and Arthur are left.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, 'The moment I enslave them, I will own the entire void army!'