One month later...

Felix could be seen sitting next to his spaceship's window while staring at an astronomical pitch-black blob. It was deformed in the shape of a long pencil suspended in nothingness.

The cause of the deformation was nothing but a horrific and mystifying dark hole in a distance. Its surrounding gravity was so terrifying, even light was unable to escape from its gasp, managing to create a a halo around it.

'How will they displace it in the void realm?' Asna wondered, 'It can't move an inch even if it wanted.'

'I don't know.' Felix guessed, 'Maybe split it into smaller portions and join them in the void realm?'

Unlike Gelatinous Cube, Symbiotes were known for being extremely flexible due to their ability to separate big portions of their bodies and still live like nothing happened.

If those portions were near each other, they would join together to become whole again.

If they didn't? They would go on separate ways and keep absorbing energy until they grow back to their original size.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"You are right, they have made up their minds to try this strategy." Aegnor confirmed after hearing the war room's discussion.

"When are they starting?"

"In a few days after the news die down about the pirates' attack." Aegnor said.

"I see..." Felix smiled bitterly after being reminded of that slaughter.

He had seen the abhorring damages done by the pirates to those poor innocent tourists.

It stung him even worse to know that it was happening but still not able to stop it.

After all, he couldn't risk having Arthur be skeptical about a spy amidst his army before he enslaves everyone.

Felix understood that if he screwed this up to save a few lives, the war might end up happening much faster and even more innocent civilians would be caught in it.

'It's all because of those Darkin Faction bastards...'

Felix didn't even blame Arthur for all of this since he knew that if it was up to him, he wouldn't have even taken part in this war and just kept living his life as normal.

Though, the same applied to the rest of the unique void creatures as only a few of them took part in this for the sake of entertainment and creating chaos like Meriam and The Ruiner.

The rest were all either threatened by having their identities exposed or completely isolated from the void race and hunted down if they ignored the war calling.

If unique void creatures were really so evil and didn't care about anything, they would have already set the entire universe in flames before going down with it.

"Let's see how they will react when we turn this against them." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he waited patiently for The Ruiner's team to make their move.

....

Five days later...

Felix was sitting on a throne on top of a platform while having Nimo nesting on his lap. He was inside Nimo's consciousness space, where he grouped all of his enslaved void race members.

Right now, he gathered them all underneath him. At the front of this army, The Ruiner and Meriam stood side by side.

Both of them had a look filled with reverence as they eyed Nimo.

Yesterday, Felix made a move on The Ruiner's team after they successfully transporated the World Eater to the void realm.

Just like what happened with Meriam, no one dared to oppose Felix after Nimo showed them his true colors.

Even The Ruiner was forced to lower his head without feeling his pride wounded. After all, how could he flaunt his pride before his own creator?

As for Arthur? He didn't catch anything peculiar again when the Ruiner's team resurfaced.

Since he was honestly terrified of him, he didn't dare to ask him too much about the mission and just sent him off.

'With all of you here, I believe I have gained control over 98% of the void army." Felix remarked calmly.

"97.5% to be precise, master." Meriam interjected, "I have the entire list of everyone in the army as I am responsible over the recruitment. Right now, we are still missing members, who were too busy to join the missions or those responsible over controlling the Wrathful Creators."

"I see." Felix said, "My main priority at the moment is to capture Arthur...The others can easily be handled."

"Does anyone here knows his real location?" Candace asked.

Everyone started looking at each other with ignorant expressions, clearly having no clue about such key Intel.

Even Meriam and The Ruiner seemed irritated by their inability to answer.

"I wish I knew where that coward is hiding." The Ruiner shook his head, "The only Intel I have is that he has a clone with a wisp of his consciousness in his palace."

"Likewise." Meriam nodded.

Felix frowned in displeasure at everyone's inability to help.

He thought that at least one of those hundreds of army members would have a small piece of information on Arthur.

Unfortunately, even the imitators and void succubus in the Akkadian Empire were clueless about Arthur's movements.

"He doesn't trust anyone...So, it will be difficult to get him to confess about his location even if we spent millions of years with him." Aegnor said.

"It wouldn't have been possible for him to reach such a height without being this vigilant." Felix sighed in frustration.

He had a strong feeling that Arthur's main consciousness must be hiding in the void realm or in some unknown place that was simply impossible to guess.

"Can our Paragon command him through his wisp of consciousness?" An imitator in the form of a spirit fox inquired with a curious tone.

"What a blasphemous question!" The Ruiner glared at the spirit fox murderously, "You dare suggest that our god has such limitation?!"

"I...I didn't mean it that way..." The Spirit Fox started shaking in her boots after seeing everyone giving her a nasty stare.

"Settle down, everyone." Felix calmed the angry mob while massaging his temples.

The spirit fox's suggestion was already in his mind as he had a strong feeling that Nimo could take control over Arthur through his clone.

However, at the same time, it wasn't tested since all the unique void creatures he took control of had their main consciousness involved.

He knew that wisps weren't the same as the main since they could easily have their link separated in a split second.

'It's too risky to try it without testing it.' Felix glanced at Candace, 'Let's give it a go later.'

'Are you sure?' Candace's eyes lit up.

'Positive.' Felix smiled.

If it wasn't for fearing that Asna would discipline her, Candace would have jumped in Felix's embrace and give him a big kiss.

Who could blame her? Choosing her for the test implied that Felix finally trusted her enough to let her main consciousness exit his mind!

Though, Felix was still smart enough to have her swear an oath on the name of the Paragon to never betray him.

After all, Felix also didn't like giving out his complete trust to anyone.

Still, Candace was pleased about it as she could finally regain control over her main consciousness.

"I will be right back." Felix said before switching to his main consciousness.

He was sitting in his spaceship while flying at a moderate speed towards the capital planet of Akkadian Empire.

Candace jumped from the void realm and sat next to him.

"How are we going to do this?"

Felix knew for the test to produce the right results, Candace needed to have a clone as well.

"I can make my own clone as long as it is temporarily." Candace shared as she stood in front of Felix and separated her body into half. Then, both halves transformed into twins.

"This is great, why is it temporarily though?" Felix wondered.

"I am not made of the exact substance as symbiotes. So, my body can't support itself for long unless it was complete." Candace clarified.

"I see, I guess Arthur isn't using this method of cloning then."

"Most definitely." Candace nodded.

"Alright, it's best that you send your main consciousness away." Felix requested, "Try your very best to destroy your link when Nimo makes his move."

Candace did as she was told and sent her twine inside the void realm. This created a similar scenario when Felix make his move against Arthur.

"Nimo, I want you to order her to not break her link with the main consciousness." Felix spoke as he brought Nimo in front of his face.

Eee Eee?

Since this command was quite complicated, Nimo was confused at first...Fortunately, the training in the past five years made him even more receptive to complex orders.

So, it took Felix merely a couple of minutes before Nimo understood his request.

Eee Eee!

Nimo faced Candace immediately with his diabolical shimmering red eyes and gave her the command telepathically.

After he was done, Candace realized that she couldn't kill off the wisp, which would seperate the link!

"It worked!" Candace exclaimed in delight.

"Good, good, good." Felix grinned widely, "With this, even if Arthur was hiding at the depth of the universe, he will still get enslaved by me."