Without delay, Felix beamed his spaceship in his spatial card and continued his travel with Aegnor and Candace through the void realm.

'By the way, how many Wrathful Creators did Meriam's team catch when you were with them?' Felix asked Candace.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

'I separated from them after they caught the second one.' Candace shared, 'I hate to admit it, but Meriam had everyone under her control without needing me.'

'Isn't that better for you?' Felix chuckled, 'You were able to catch up to us instead of babysitting them.'

'Well...' Candace agreed with him inwardly.

The only reason she stayed with Meriam's team was to keep an eye on them in case things went chaotic due to losing their main purpose.

However, Meriam still retained her authority over most of them, making her handle them without needing anyone.

'How about the Ruiner's team?' Aegnor wondered.

'Yea, I doubt anyone will dare flinch when he is in charge.' Felix smiled.

Felix was quite pleased with the Ruiner and Meriam for the simple reason of leaving him unbothered by having such a massive army made out of disordered proud individuals.

He really thought that he would be forced to keep using Nimo constantly to keep them under control.

...

Sometime later...

Felix could be seen sitting next to Asna in his consciousness space while having Candace's vision mirror in front of them.

What was shown on it was a mesmerizing futuristic metallic city that was built on a massive sky platform...The platform was being lifted by gigantic towering metallic pillars.

Although the sages used scrolls to get rich and secure their position in the top ten most authoritative races in the alliance, they didn't utilize scrolls to shape up their culture.

After all, scrolls could be used only once regardless of their rank.

Since those scrolls were refined out of the World Tree sacred wood, it was seen as a massive waste of finite resources to use them wantonly.

"If Queen Alfreda knew that the King Arthur was a void creature, I doubt she will continue her historical trade with them." Felix chuckled.

It was known knowledge that the Talism race and Sage race were in a lifelong partnership with the elves for the sake of obtaining some of the world tree's sacred wood.

They need the wood to make brushes, scrolls, and talismans.

Fortunately, the talismans and scrolls were easily made by abundance from the wood since they were just paper.

In return, the elves receive scrolls and other noteworthy benefits.

"I doubt she has such authority." Aegnor said, "Mother tree was the one enforcing that those two races will always receive portions of her fallen dead sacred wood."

"Oh, I didn't know that." Felix expressed, "But, I can see it happening. Lady Yggdrasil is extremely generous and wish that her runic teachings spread far and wide."

"I still have no idea how those three races can have different utilization of the runes." Asna asked with an intrigued tone.

She was always weirded out by the notion that such a universal system could have limitations on each race.

For example, elves could only use wands to write runes in the air. The other two were allowed to write runes on paper.

Even then, there was still limitation imposed on the Talism race as they were the only ones capable of using their talismans.

"Lady Yggdrasil believes that the divine codex written on their DNA is responsible over this." Lady Sphinx answered, "It must not be as complete as hers."

"Doesn't that mean Felix and little Oli can create scrolls and talismans as well?" Candace raised an eyebrow in surprise, knowing that those two owned the complete version of the divine codex on them.

"Obviously." Lady Sphinx confirmed.

Felix wasn't really too surprised by this piece of information...He already had a strong feeling that he could do that, but he never bothered to think deeply about it.

After all, he already had too much on his plate and he knew that if he added learning even scrolls and talismans, he wouldn't master anything.

So, he intended to dive in this subject when he at least mastered a couple of time/spell.

"When we catch Arthur, you will have the best scrolls inscriptor as your subordinate." Candace giggled, "He will easily teach you about their system when you are interested."

"I know." Felix grinned faintly.

...

Unbeknownst to the fate awaited him, Arthur was reading invisible holographic documents in his office while drinking a cup of red coffee with one hand and a eating a croissant with the other.

He was pressing on the documents with his remaining two hands while thinking, 'Should we focus more on voidlings or The Dreamers and Symbiotes?'

'Voidlings makes the most mess while the other two causes the most destruction.'

'Only five years left before the deadline. I can't have everyone running from a galaxy to another to capture them in groups of hundreds.' Arthur frowned, 'Most of them will start throwing a fit.'

'It's best to propose a limit on the Dreamers and Symbiotes, so there won't be much push back.' Arthur massaged his eyelids, 'This is too tiresome when I still need to deal with my own empire.'

Too bad, Arthur knew that he couldn't turn back even if this got out of hand...His identity was on the line after all.

Fortunately for him, he had a clone to handle the empire business and while his main consciousness was dealing with the war effort.

Knock Knock!

"Come in."

"King Arthur, your attendance is requested in the Great Sages Council." A beautiful blue skinned woman informed.

"What now?" Arthur knitted his eyebrows.

"I was told that the greatmaster Pantheon have managed to create a new legendary defensive scroll." 

"He did? That geezer really never knows when to quit!" Arthur replied with a delighted tone, "You can go, I will be there in half an hour."

After the door was closed, Arthur's delighted expression was replaced with an irritated one. 'Just great, we will be spending days celebrating this with annoying rituals and promoting it all over the universe.'

He might have copied everything about being a sage, but he still was an imitator at heart, who didn't give too much of a crap about scrolls.

At least, ones unrelated to him.

"Let's get this over with already." Arthur fixed his attire and walked to his office's door.

However, just as he wanted to reach to the door's handle, he felt chills envelope his entire soul as he stared at two brilliant red eyes emerging out of small void rift!

He didn't know what were those eyes, but his soul quivering in fear, made him realize that he was dealing with an unordinarily intruder!

'What is this! I can't control my body!' Arthur shouted with a fearful tone in his mind as he watched his body moving towards the expanding void rift against his will.

Without any noise or mess arising, Arthur stepped inside the void realm and the rift closed behind him.

To be exact, he stepped inside Candace's aircraft body since his clone wasn't immune to void energy.

"Hello there." Felix greeted with a faint smile as he looked at the frozen horrific expression of Arthur.

 