Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

'Impossible!'

The instant Arthur saw Felix's face, he felt like his plans were crumbling before him...Especially, when he saw Aegnor next to Felix, making him come to the conclusion that Aegnor had betrayed them.

'He is under an oath! How! How?!' The cogs in Arthur's brain kept turning rapidly, hoping to find a logical explanation to any of this.

"Nimo, order him to get his main consciousness here." Felix requested, not caring about the mental meltdown of Arthur.

Eee Eee!

Nimo merely looked at Arthur again, making him order his real body to log out of the UVR and come here.

This scared Arthur sht*less since his hidden real body was always his safety net against any harm that befell his clone!

'The paragon...Impossible...'

Albeit late, he finally placed his entire focus on Nimo, allowing him to sense his unique aura.

'I am done for...'

Unlike what Felix thought, Arthur didn't even bother to seperate his link with his main consciousness.

Just like the others, he knew that his life stopped belonging to him the moment he met the paragon.

He recognized that if he attempted to seperate the link, his identity as the king of sage race could be considered as over.

"How about we go meet your friends?" Felix smiled.

Before Arthur could react, his wisp of consciousness was transported forcefully inside Nimo's mind.

The moment it materialized into Arthur, he opened his eyes to the sight of his entire army chilling in a small-sized town made out of black buildings.

Everyone turned to look at Arthur with mocking expressions, seeming like they were enjoying his dumbfounded expression.

"Welcome leader to your new home." Meriam giggled after teleporting next to Arthur.

"Meriam, please tell me I am dreaming..." Arthur mumbled as he kept looking around him with a disbelieving expression.

"Dreaming? Shouldn't you be excited? You are inside the mind of the future Paragon of Sin!" The Ruiner snorted in disdain, "I knew that a phony like you cares only about his identity and cozying with the alliance instead of fulfiling your real duty."

"Easy on him, Ruiner." Felix appeared next to Arthur and patted him in the shoulder, "He is just a bit overwhelmed."

"He better be." The Ruiner threatened with a murderous look before retreating.

"I want everyone to group up in the throne chamber in two minutes." Felix requested from Meriam, "Update him on the situation before the meeting."

"With pleasure." Meriam smiled charmingly and dragged Arthur away.

Although the meeting was going to be held in two minutes, everyone had already teleported to the throne chamber and took their seats.

Just like Felix's consciousness space, Nimo's had been getting some modifications to help everyone live in order.

After all, they would be here for a very, very long time...It was best to build a small town to help them keep their sanity.

In a short while, Meriam, the Ruiner, and Arthur were seen standing next to Felix's throne. Arthur still had a bewildered look, but it wasn't as bad as before.

Meriam did an impressive job telling him everything that he needed to know about Felix, Nimo, Candace, and even what happened in the missions.

This allowed Arthur to be even more convinced that his fate was in the hands of Felix.

As much as he was disheartened by this, as an ambitious imitator, he was able to focus on the silver lining.

"Now that everyone is here, we can finally discuss some important matters." Felix said with a solemn tone.

Everyone's expression turned serious, knowing that Felix was finally going to address their future.

"Firstly, there will be a new societal structure that follows a strict hierarchy system. I can't allow you all to keep running freely while being attached by mere strings of authority above you."

Some reacted excitedly to the news while some felt their hearts fall to the bottom of their stomach.

They knew that a hierarchy system would limit their freedom immensely since they would be forced to respect those above them at all time.

This would be helpful to strong, intelligent, and authoritative individuals like the Ruiner, Arthur, and Meriam.

After all, they would finally have real authority in their hands to command those underneath them instead of making requests and hoping that they would agree.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"The structure will be split into Prisoners, Citizens, Officials, Councilmen, Spokesperson, King, and lastly, God." Felix explained, "Everyone will start above prisoners. However, if you broke the rules, you will be demoted into a prisoner."

"What rules?" Meriam inquired.

"I will be forwarding them to you after the meeting." Felix answered before continuing, "Prisoners will receive punishments appropriate to the level of rule they broke."

"Citizens will be considered as the working force and the soldiers...You will have jobs that befit your level of influence in the alliance."

"Officials are considered as the managers and captains...Each official will be responsible over a specific number of citizens."

"Officials also have grading system that starts from one to nine. The higher the official's grade, the more citizens and important responsibilities will be under him. At the same time, he will have the highest possible hierarchy achievable based on his performance."

"What does performance mean?" One of the imitators asked with a solemn tone, "Is it implying management performance or outside performance?"

"Management performance." Felix answered, "Outside performance will play a role in your ability to be promoted to a Councilmen or not."

Everyone nodded in understanding. They recognized that Felix implied the influence of each unique void creature in the alliance.

In other words, if an imitator worked really hard and got himself promoted to the upper echolone of a high-ranking race like dragons, it might help him secure a Councilmen position.

"Speaking about Councilmen, I have chosen four for now depending on their level of influence on their respective kind." Felix disclosed, "The Ruiner will be a councilman representing the Annihilation Fiends. Meriam will represent the Void Succubi. Arthur will represent the Imitators. Last but not least, Aegnor will represent the Djins."

No one had any complaint about the first three since they were considered at the top of their specific sin...However, Aegnor's announcement had made many Djins displeased.

"My King, I am extremely appreciative of helping our race finally get some integral structure...However, I don't think it's a good idea to play favorites right from the start." Arthur advised with a solemn tone.

'Will you look at this sleazy bag.' Asna rolled her eyes at Arthur's ability to roll with the flow whenever it benefited him.

He was just sobbing and wishing that all of this was a dream...The moment he realized that his position in the void race was established from the head start as a councilman, he swiftly began counseling!

It looked like majority had agreed with his take as almost everyone was giving Aegnor nasty stares, feeling like he didn't deserve any of this.

In their eyes, the f*cker was just lucky to have met Felix earlier than them and become his double agent...Any one of them would have done that as well.

"I know." Felix smiled, "Aegnor will be just acting as a temporarily Councilmen until we identify the most worthy Djin for representation."

"That's an impressive thinking." Arthur praised shamelessly, already starting with licking Felix's boots.

It looked like everyone was satisfied with Felix's decision since it was more fair this way.

Alas, before they could gloat at Aegnor, Felix mentioned, "When Aegnor get replaced, he will be considered as the Fifth Councilmen...He will be responsible over matters related to Wrathful Creators, Symbiotes, and The Dreamers."

"I will do my very best to live up to the expectations." Aegnor expressed with a faint smug in his face as he eyed everyone.

This time, even Arthur couldn't say anything negative about Felix's decision since no one was here to defend those three retarded unique void creatures.

Felix moved on before anyone open his mouth.

"For the Spokesperson, it will be Candace." Felix narrowed his eyes, "She has the highest authority after me. So, treat her orders like they came directly from me."

Just like Aegnor, Candace was also not fit for such a high position over everyone.

However, no one fought against it, knowing that Candace had spent more than a decade with Felix...He trusted her more than anyone for such a position.

"Obviously, I will be your king, but you can refer to me as Sir Felix." 

If it wasn't for keeping the integral structure of this new society intact, Felix would never call himself a king as that make him cringe really hard.

Alas, the Ruiner had a different opinion...

"I dare to catch anyone call you that." The Ruiner glared coldly, "You shall call him your Majesty, or My King only, understood?!"

"Yes!"

Everyone shouted back without an ounce of hesitation, not caring about Felix's deadpan expression. 

When he looked at the Ruiner, he gave him a thumb up with a faint proud grin like he was telling him that he got his back.

'Ahh, whatever.' Felix sighed in exasperation and dropped the subject, having a strong feeling that everyone was more scared of the Ruiner than him.

"In every race and society, there must be a god."

Felix picked Nimo from his arms while standing up...Then, he pushed him high above everyone and ordered with a stern tone, "Kneel before him!"

He didn't even need to order them as the moment everyone spotted Nimo, they all went a step further and kowtowed without an ounce of hesitation.

Even Arthur, Candace, and Aegnor joined them.

Eee Eee?

​ When Nimo saw everyone like this, the only reaction he showed, was tilting his head in confusion.

He had no clue that the void race had finally taken their first step to building their society because of him.

A society that could be considered part of the strongest top three races in the entire universe!

A society that was going to spread terrors through the entire universe!

"From henceforth, we are called the Void Nation!" Felix announced thunderously.