Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone felt shivers coursing in their spine at the thought of finally having a society and a nation, which they could always refer to it as their home!

Besides the Annihilation Fiends, who were too proud to admit that they were alone, the rest of the unique void creatures were living lives of solitude while mixing with other races.

They might be born out of evil intentions, but most of them merely wanted to live their lives in the best possible fashion.

If it wasn't for so, Arthur wouldn't have been trying his best to keep pushing the sage race forward even though he was merely an outsider.

But now? They finally had a true nation, which they could feel a sense of belonging to.

"Our first agenda as a nation is to teach the Darkin Faction a grave lesson." Felix stated coldly.

Everyone was startled as they knew what that implied.

"Are you sure about this?" Arthur gulped a mouthful, "Won't the three primogenitors retaliate against us if we attacked their races."

"I believe you have recordings of your first meeting with them." Felix remarked calmly, "As long as we have evidence that they were the ones starting this whole thing, then we will always be in the right."

"If they dared make a move on us when we are in the right, Lord Khaos will make them regret their choice."

"Lord Khaos is this active on our side?!" This news had taken Arthur and the rest by surprise.

Honestly, Felix wasn't that confident in Lord Khaos' standing up to him if the three primogenitors decided to attack him personally.

But as he said, as long as they were in the right, he wouldn't need to worry too much since the primogenitors' council would also be on his side.

"Leave primogenitors matters to me." Felix expressed composedly, "You just need to focus on creating a plan to bring ruins to their descendants."

Felix knew that starting this war was going to result in many lives being lost...Especially, the vampires, astrians, and gremlins.

But his heart wasn't moved at all to feel merciful or forgiving.

How could he feel this way when the Darkin Faction wanted his entire race to go extinct?

He was certain that those three races were going to join the void race in the war to facilitate their extinction.

In addition, they were already responsible over eradicating Jörmungandr and Thor's descendants!

In the case of Jörmungandr, the half-serpents still existed but in such a low numbers, his legacy could be proclaimed as gone.

As for Thor? His descendants had utterly disappeared out of the radar.

So, why would Felix be sympathetic when he knew that his race's fate could end at any given moment at their hands due to the Darkin Faction's enmity?

"We don't really need to change anything from our previous plan." Meriam shared, "We just need to increase our recruitment since we have three main targets now."

"We need to add many wrathful creators." Arthur frowned, "Those three races have many other allies, which will come to their rescue. So, we need attack them as well simultaneously to give them a reason to not help out."

"That's smart." Felix nodded.

Obviously, vampires, astrians, and gremlins had a solid alliance between them due to being in the same faction. This forced them to help each other out regardless of what.

However, they also had contractual allies that were more focused on business side. Still, those allies would be forced to help them out due to the contract.

However, Arthur knew that their contracts had clauses that allowed them to ignore their allies' pleas...One of them was if they were also under attack.

He was certain that those shrewd politics would take advantage of it.

"We also need more Symbiotes and The Dreamers." Arthur coughed as he eyed Felix, "Without offense, but I was preparing to catch only two of each sin, and it will be enough to deal with your three superpowers in your galaxy."

"I understand." Felix's eyelids twitched, knowing that even that number was more than necessary.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

After all, it only took one symbiote to completely erase planet Earth or any other capital planet in the milky-way galaxy.

To make matters worse, there was nothing to do about it but initiate a wide immigration to a different planet.

"How many do we need against them?" Felix asked.

"I suppose six will be enough to at least destroy their capital planets and a couple more high ranked planets." Arthur answered.

"Make it ten." Felix said calmly.

"But..."

"I understand that you are worried about hearing complaint from the citizens." Felix spoke indifferently as he looked below him at his army, "It's different now...If anyone dares to ignore your orders, don't hesitate to demote him to a prisoner. After they read the punishments involved, I guarantee you that no one would like to be demoted."

"I will make it happen."

Upon hearing so, Arthur's smiled confidently again.

"As for the recruitment, I want you all to inform everyone about the Void Nation and the Paragon's return." Felix stressed, "Naturally, don't spill such information before making them swear an oath to keep the news to themselves."

"I doubt anyone will dare reject the invitation this time." Meriam smiled bewitchingly.

As the one responsible over the recruitment, she had gone through many rejections...It came from unique void creatures, who were already living in solitude without any relation to the alliance.

As a result, she couldn't threaten them with exposing their identities or such.

"Let's say that someone was daring to reject our invitation." One of the Djins inquired from below, "How do we move on from there?"

"Simple, tell them that when the new Paragon's reclaim his rightful position and godly prowess, they can forget about existing anymore." Felix replied nonchalantly.

Everyone smiled coldly after hearing so, knowing that this would solve their recruitment problems instantly.

"By the way, what about our identities." Arthur asked with a hint of concern in his voice.

As the king of the Sage Race, he knew that the moment he launched his attack on Darkin Faction descendants, he would be exposed right away.

This would happen to quite many Imitators, Void Succubi, and Djins.

"The three primogenitors will defintely give away our identities to their descendants to expose us." Aegnor supported.

"So what?" Felix shrugged his shoulders carelessly.

Felix's nonchalant reaction made Arthur and the rest a bit peeved.

In their eyes, Felix had no idea how much effort they invested in their identities to reach their current heights and influence...Especially, Arthur.

Before they could feel too upset about it, Felix added, "It will be wonderful to keep your identities intact, but you should realize by now that even if you lost them, it wouldn't matter that much."

"You guys are now part of the Void Nation and this isn't just a nickname to be used in secret."  Felix smirked coldly, "When we are done with the war, we will join the alliance from the front door."

"What?!"

This news had truly caught everyone off guard as even Candace had her mouth slightly open in shock.

Joining The Alliance as a Race? Doing so after starting a freaking universal war? It was insane just to think about them, don't even mention actually proposing them!

"Why are you guys taken back?" The Ruiner expressed indifferently, "You think they will dare reject our application?"

When it was put into this perspective, everyone realized that the alliance would actually be the one inviting them to join!

Especially, if they managed to destroy three strong races in the top 30 without needing any help!

Other races' main priority would be to avoid antagonizing them lest they target another race...The best way to do so was to clearly include them in the alliance as a race and a superpower to be feared!

"So, stop getting fuzzy about your identities." Felix remarked, "It won't matter if you lose them, you will be still living just as better when we establish our dominance."

Arthur and the rest felt like a heavy burden get lifted from their backs at the sound of that...Still, most of them were planning to defend and protect their identities to the end.

After all, the societal structure in the Void Nation depended heavily on the influence they have on other races...At least for now.

"This will be all." Felix clapped twice, "We have discussed our general direction in the future. In the upcoming months, we will be starting with picking up the officials."

"I want each Councilman to recommend twenty officials from their own kind." Felix stated, "Candace will pick the ones she liked and forward them to me for one final review."

Everyone got agitated and eager to get picked up, knowing that it would get much harder to be promoted to an official after the foundation was created.

In other words, this was the best opportunity to secure a good social rank from the get go!

"We are tight on time, so we have only three months to pick officials and also the citizens under them." Felix suggested carelessly, "Make some challenges like who will recruit the most or something to decide."

"Candace, you take care of this."

Just as Felix was going to switch to his main consciousness, Arthur requested with an embarrassed tone, "May I return to my clone? I need to be in a Counci..."

"You may leave." Felix excused him, knowing that he was talking about the Sages Council. He wasn't worried about him running away since he had him make an oath just like everyone else.

"Thank you so much!" Arthur assured, "I will be leaving another wisp here after my main consciousnes..."

Before he finished his sentence, Felix was already gone with Nimo.

"Shall we discuss the rules now?" Candace smiled playfully as she sat on the throne in place of Felix, not caring about anyone's irritated looks.

As the spokesperson, she was the most authoritative individual in the Void Nation belong Felix and no one could take it away from her unless she messed up big time.