Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Half a year later...

Felix could be seen sitting on the floor of his room in the elvish royal palace...He was surrounded by a mountain of brilliant shimmering colorful minerals.

All of them were rare elemental minerals, which were given to him by Meriam.

She kept her word and delivered the epic artifacts as well as an unfathomable quantity of rare elemental minerals.

Because she had complete control over her sex slaves, she wasn't imposed with the problem of being forced to sign a contract that ban her from giving those items to Felix.

Honestly, she wouldn't even be put in that situation in the first place if she used her main consciousness, which wasn't involved with Queen Ai at all.

The only ones struggling were the others, as everyone was forced to wear an AP bracelet before trading with the Dwarves.

There was no way around this unless both the dwarf seller and the buyer weren't wearing AP bracelets.

This was a whole different situation since legitimate dwarf sellers were also forced to be wearing AP bracelets to have licenses and such.

That's why Malak was forced to keep visiting the black market since it was the only place where both the sellers and buyers prefer keeping Queen AI outside their trades. (Tax Evasion)

Unfortunately, the quantity and the quality weren't as good as getting them from a legitimate market.

If the black market didn't possess such a low threat, it wouldn't have been kept around for this long.

All in all, there was a entire complex system revolved around the trading system in the Dwarves Empires to make sure that humans wouldn't get their hands on their stuff by any means possible.

Their grudge was burning that hot to shut down any discovered loophole!

Fortunately, Meriam was above the system due to her unique situation, allowing her to get Felix what he desired and even more than he desired.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Naturally, Felix was buying those elemental minerals even though Meriam wanted to give them to him for free.

His reasoning was simple...He wanted a steady flow of elemental minerals for a very long time instead of abusing those poor sex slaves.

He wanted to avoid making Meriam pay for them as he refused to owe anything to anyone without any reason.

"I doubt you will be finishing your stock even if you spent years eating them like this." Asna chuckled as she watched him chew on those minerals like candy.

"I don't mind, they are delicious compared to the shitty taste of natural treasures." Felix replied as he gulped down a mouthful.

Felix was pleased for the past months with his new stock since it helped him finally start pushing his way through the dragon second mark.

Since he was getting 20k BF increase for each mark, he was hopeful that by the time he finishes with his stock, his strength would have reached at least 350k!

That's an astounding boost to his strength, which would help him a lot in the upcoming war.

Speaking about the war, Felix currently had many invisible holographic screens in front of him...They were reports on the development of the Void Nation as well as the war's effort.

"In a mere half a year, we have already doubled our nation's numbers and captured additional two Dreamers and three Symbiotes." Felix smiled, "When there is order and structure, everything turns smoother and more efficient."

Although Felix knew that the first couple of months were somewhat chaotic due to his void citizens' inability to listen to someone else's orders.

But, after many insubordinate individuals were demoted to prisoners and everyone saw the horror of the punishments involved, no one dared to misbehave anymore.

That's because the punishments were carried by non-other than Nimo!

Since he was their god and was capable of manipulating even their thought process, it was easier for him to make them feel the most agonizing pain in their lives for as long as he desired!

It didn't matter if they were at the edges of the universe or nearby!

So, instead of fighting against the system, everyone decided to strive harder to push their social rank higher than the others.

The only way to do so was by finishing their tasks given to them by the officials.

Vrrr Vrrr!

"What's up?" Felix inquired after he was video called by Arthur.

"Your presence is requested in the war room, My King." Arthur spoke with a solemn tone.

"On my way." Felix nodded and logged in swiftly, knowing that Arthur wouldn't request him personally unless an emergency was in place.

In a few moments, Felix appeared on the head chair of the war room's table...There was already everyone there.

Because of the the new structural system, most of the war room previous members were demoted to officials, leaving only the Councilmen and Spokesperson to have enough authority to attend war room meetings.

The only new addition to the war room was the Djin councilman, who replaced Aegnor of his duties.

He was called Mammon, the Greed Demon!

He enjoyed an infamous reputation that had died down in this new era because he went into solitude millions of years ago.

When Felix heard of the tales partaking to Mammon, he hesitated if it was a good idea to add him to the Void Nation.

Who could blame him? One of Mammon's most infamous tales was causing an extinction of two ancient civilizations!

He played with the greed of the top upper echolone of both nations, fulfilling all of their wishes simultaneously.

To make matters worse, Mammon's used his wishes not on himself but to help fan the flames of hatred between those two nations until the day it consumed everyone, leaving only Mammon to enjoy the fruits of his elaborate manipulation...

For such a real evil unique void creature, Felix felt that it was best to keep him at his side and under his control than remain in his solitude.

So, he accepted him in the Void Nation and gave him a councilman position...After all, most of the Djins feared and respected him.

"My little ones have reported that they have noticed an abnormal movement in our targets' armies." Mammon shared with an expressionless face.

Unlike most Djins, he still retained his ghost form, making it extremely difficult to read his featureless face.

"Same as my sisters." Meriam supported.

"Even you?" Felix said as he looked at Arthur.

Arthur nodded and said, "My spies have brought me news that the armed forces of our enemies have increased their war drills as well as recruit more soldiers. In addition, the armies started to receive more investments to bolster their space fleets and weaponry."

"I see." Felix frowned, "Is it safe to assume that they are doing so in preparation for the universal war?"

"There is no other reason." Candace approved.

"I didn't think that the primogenitors will inform their descendants this early about the war." Aegnor noted, "Aren't they worried about alarming other races, making them subjected to suspicion when the war kicks off?"

"It's doubtful that other races will realize what's going on." Arthur expressed, "Their preparation are on the down low and extremely secretive. If it wasn't for our people being the best at spying, we wouldn't have caught on."

It was quite understanding as the void race were capable of spying through the void realm...There was no need to mention the already established void succubi, imitators, and Djins in the inner circle of those races.

"Well, their preparation is going to make it needlessly difficult to take them down if we give them more time." Felix commentated, "I believe that the three primogenitors have told them that the war won't start until another four years or so."

"Are you saying that we should strike preemptively?" Mammon asked calmly.

"Yes."

"Aren't we going to catch them preemptively anyway due to their ignorance about our switch of allegiance?" Meriam wondered.

"I know, but it won't be the same." Felix clarified, "They might not expect our strike on them, but they will be certainly prepared for the war to arise at any given moment at that point."

"He is right." Arthur approved, "If we struck just one year earlier, we will catch them still amidst their preparation. I believe most of their planetery fleets and space fleets will be still doing drills."

It was just one year in advancement, but it would result in an utterly new result....A better result.

"If we are going to strike earlier than planned, then how about we do it right after the great reset?" Candace proposed with a faint smirk.

Everyone raised an eyebrow in surprise at her suggestion. They were pleasantly surprised since they knew that the SGAlliance was always its weakest after each great reset!

That's due to the reshuffling of ranks of each race, causing their benefits to either improve or reduce!

"Though, we will have only two years at best of preparation before the great reset." Felix eyed them with a serious look, "Do you think you will be prepared enough to pull it off?"

"If we managed to triple our numbers in one year, hitting two thousand citizen, I firmly believe we will be ready by the great reset." Arthur confirmed confidently.

When he was first given the order to start a universal war in less than a decade from the three primogenitors, he thought it would be close to impossible.

After all, he knew that unique void creatures were individualistic, and it would diffuclt to bring many of them aboard.

But now? He was feeling more confident than ever after order and structure was built for him!

"How about you guys?" Felix looked at the others.

"If even the pessimistic Arthur is like this, you don't have to ask us." The Ruiner replied with a noisy gruff.

As he mentioned, everyone else seemed quite comfortable by the notion of starting a war in merely two years.

"Good luck then, and call me if you need anything." Felix cracked his neck with a solemn expression, "I need to prepare myself as well."

Felix wasn't delusional enough to believe that the war was going to end without casualties from his side.

After all, those three races had other monsters leading them without mentioning the primogenitors!