"Alright, but first you need to understand the basics of space." Selphie defined composedly, "Space is the boundless three-dimensional extent in which objects and events have relative position and direction, within an area of one's choosing, including an area and whatever is inside that area."

"In other sense, mastering space means mastering the plane of which everyone exists on...We are lucky that the space worm race aren't evil and uses their space manipulation for the benefit of the alliance."

"More likely we are lucky that most of them worships money." Felix's eyelids twitched after recalling Bodidi and his other interactions with space worm race's businesses.

All of them wanted money and had no qualms with ripping people off with their services for it...They weren't nicknamed as wormpires for no reason.

Speaking about that fatty, Felix had long since freed his exclusivity with Bodidi, allowing him to start working as a deliveryworm for his subordinates and his friends.

After all, he couldn't leave him to starve to death when he started using Candace for his deliveries.

Though, Felix was still waiting for Bodidi to pass the promotional exams and become a universal deliveryworm.

Too bad, that fatty was failing his yearly promotional exams even with all the help provided by Felix.

"In the case of Teleportation, you will be able to teleport by depleting the space from point A to point B, simply choosing to occupy a different space." Selphie clarified, "In other sense, your body will remain the same, but the space in those two points will change. This allows you to teleport other objects and even other people if you desired."

"For a lesser spell, it really is on another level compared to omnipotent sand spells." Felix remarked with astounded expression.

"Let's see if you can learn it then." Selphie said as she beamed a pencil, "I want you to memorize all the runes and attempt to cast the spell on this pencil."

"You should know that you can modify the distance of the teleportation as well as other details."

"I understand."

Without delay, Felix memorized four pages of the runes as well as their structure...Then, he closed his eyes and began reading each page, sentence by sentence, to thoroughly understand them.

'It's really like computer programming.' Felix thought with an awed look, 'Each sentence is responsible over a role in manipulating the spatial particles.'

'This sentence should be the one I need to modify for the teleportation distance.'CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Soon, Felix found a runic sentence that was missing a word...Felix thought about it for a second and then wrote three meters while using the runic letters corespondent to the distance.

Naturally, he also modified the direction of the teleportation and marked the two spots where it should occur to be exact.

He understood that when it came to space spells or even manipulation, precise coordinates were required if he didn't want to lose the pen in a different dimension or such.

Only after setting the parameters of the teleportation did Felix began attempting to connect with the spatial runic particles around him.

'Hmm? Well, that was quicker than I thought.'  He commentated with a surprised expression as he looked at the dense gray spatial runic particles stacked all over the place!

'He already got connected? Barely half a second passed!' 

Even Selphie was taken back when she saw Felix's change of expression. She was already told by her mother that Felix's runic familiarity to space/time rivaled her.

Still, she always had doubts about it, finding it hard to believe that a human would possess such a high familiarity to both rare elements!

'I was called a freak by everyone due to my high Time runic familiarity.' Selphie thought to herself as she observed Felix, 'What does that make him?'

At the moment, Felix wasn't thinking about his extraordinary runic familiarity as he was struggling to copy and paste the four runic pages and activate the teleportation spell.

'God damn it, how is this so hard.' Felix cursed as he kept failing to form a single page of runes.

Every time he pulled it off and attempted to focus on the second page, the first one broke into chaotic letters again and mix with chaos.

The fact that his entire vision was covered with spatial particles runes made it extremely difficult for him to recover the broken page again.

'How the hell does Selphie do this in less than 0.01 second?!' 

The more Felix struggled to constitute a single page, the more awed and jealous he became of Selphie's talent.

He realized that his high runic familiarity had simply given him the key to the door...He still needed to push it open. Sadly, no matter how hard he tried, the door refused to badge!

...

Three hours later...

Huff Huff 

Felix could be seen lying on his back while breathing ruggedly and having sweat cover his entire forehead.

Selphie crouched next to him and smiled charmingly near his face, "How was it?"

"You really are a freak of nature." Felix expressed with an irritated look.

He wasn't annoyed at Selphie but at himself for failing to construct barely two pages in the past three hours.

It might not seem like that bad, but one shouldn't forget that the requirement to master a spell was less than 0.1 second to be viable in combat.

In the case of Felix, he had to do it in less than 0.01 second while amidst a battle, so his 'channeling' wouldn't be interrupted by his monstrous opponents.

"Come on, get up." Selphie giggled at his comment and helped him up...Then, she asked, "How far did you go?"

"Barely two runic pages." Felix sighed, "It's hard to keep my focus on two pages at once while constructing a third one."

"That's where practice comes." Selphie said, "If you are serious about mastering this spell, you need to spend at least six hours a day on repetitive construction of those runic pages until you start doing it in less than a second."

"I don't want you to even succeed in teleporting the pencil if it meant doing it after six hours or more." Selphie added.

"I understand." Felix nodded.

There was no point on focusing on teleporting the pencil if the time was enough to get himself killed a thousand times over.

"If this is the base difficulty of space spells, I can't imagine time spells." Felix asked as he looked at Selphie, "Mind enlightening me?"

"Nope! I am not a bad person to ruin your motivation like this."

"You should know me by now." Felix smirked, "The more challenging it is, the more motivated I get."

"I am still not telling." Selphie chuckled and walked away from him, "Keep practicing and call me when you are tired...You still need to learn many other techniques."

"Fine."

Seeing that she exited the practice hall, Felix was certain that the difficulty should be bone-chilling since time spells are one grade above space spells.

Yet, Selphie was already mastering greater spells and in merely a few years...

"Well, I might not be as talented as her, but I am the best at nonstop grinding." Felix cracked his neck and returned to his seated position.

Without hesitation, he restarted constructing those pages, not allowing it to dishearten him from pursuing the runic system.

That's because Felix was great at one thing, and it was responsible over making him excel all this time.

The moment he learned and mastered something, his experience and hard work cover up for his talent, allowing him to increase his speed in learning similar things!

In other words, Felix was confident that the moment he master the teleportation spell, the duration to master other lesser space spells would be halved!

The duration would keep reducing until he actually starts to learn space/time spells at the same rate as Selphie!

After all, he owned the most important key...Freakishly high runic familiarity!