Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After Felix finished with his practice, he exited the practice hall and returned to his room, not bothering to call Selphie to teach him other techniques.

At the moment, his mind was consumed with learning teleportation spell.

"If Selphie was generous by giving me four years to master teleportation, then I really need to come up with something to step up my game." Felix pondered as he sat on his bed, "I know that grinding as many hours as possible a day will probably help me master teleportation before the war starts, but I can't invest twenty-four hours on a single spell."

Felix might be focusing primarily on runic spells at the moment, but it didn't mean that he had forgotten about his elemental abilities.

He was still investing at least three hours a day to master the advanced ability lightning transmutation.

So far, his development had helped him be able to transmute an entire arm into electricity!

Thus, breaking his daily routine for the sake of one spell wasn't an ideal solution.

"I need a new way to facilitate the process." Felix thought out loud, "Should I concoct potions to increase my concentration?"

"That will help, but only temporarily." Lady Sphinx disclosed, "You should be careful using such potions as your brain gets easily hooked on them and when it builds an immunity to their effect, you won't be able to function as good as before."

"That's true." Felix sighed, knowing that potions were like drugs in this aspect.

So, he decided to stay natural and keep thinking of other methods to assist him.

After spending a few minutes suggesting ideas and shooting them down, Felix finally came up with one that made his expression lit up.

"How about I split my consciousness into a dozen and connect them with Queen Ai with their own AP bracelets? Won't that allow me to at least grind the teleportation spell and reduce the time I construct the four pages?" 

"Well, it might work since you are doing it in the UVR, and it's mostly a mental training instead of practicing to connect with the runic particles." Lady Sphinx nodded in agreement.

Felix hadn't thought about this before since training in the UVR was useless compared to doing in the real world when it comes to matters related to elemental particles.

However, Felix's current practice was mostly focused on enhancing his concentration to construct four runic pages as quickly as possible.

It required non-other than repetitiveness until it was burned into his subconsciousness...This process would work just as better in the UVR since Felix didn't suffer from the main issue of most elves!

Increasing bad runic familiarity!

The UVR was unable to help anyone with this since it required elves or Felix to connect with the runic particles in the real world to get more familiar with them.

But, Felix's runic familiarity to space/time was already extremely freakish, helping him skip straight to the grind!

"There is only one way to find out."

Eager, Felix swiftly beamed a box filled with end-generation AP bracelets capable of morphing into anything.

Then, he turned most of them into jewelry, such as a neckless, earrings, and mostly rings...Since he wasn't fan of jewelry, he made them basic and mature.

Then, he used his passive to split his consciousness into a dozen wisps and placed them inside his mind with his tenants.

Next, he connected each one with an AP Bracelet and made them log in to the UVR.

After grouping them in his UVR's private room, all of them knew their purpose and started practicing right away while sitting in a long line in front of Felix.

When Felix joined them, he couldn't help but grin from ear to ear at the sight of spatial runic sentences being formed line by line in front of each copy of his!

Felix was excited because he knew that the moment he absorbed those wisps back to his main consciousness, all of their experiences would become his!

This translated to the success of the experiment!

"It's really like an industrial factory." Asna commentated with a soft chuckle, "You might master teleportation spell in less than six months if you only did this."

"The best part is that I can use my time efficiently on other matters as well." Felix laughed in excitement, feeling like he had discovered the greatest hack to runic mastery!

He knew that this method wouldn't have worked on his elemental manipulations or abilities creation since they require him to truly be connected with the real elemental particles instead of virtual ones.

On the other hand, the runic system required that only in the initial connection establishment, which he had no problem with!

"You should have done this years ago." Candace remarked in his mind, "I believe you would have learned many more sand spells."

"Not really." Felix shook his head, "My sand runic familiarity is miles away from my space/time familiarity. So, I was going to be forced to keep practicing in the real world to enhance it for each spell I master."

"So, it would have helped just a little for each spell." Felix still berated himself, "What you should have said is that this method would have helped me with potion concoction at the fair least."

This was the only regret that Felix had as he could have spent those past years having a copy of himself concocting potions in the UVR since Queen Ai could imitate even the dark reaction.

The best part? He could leave Lady Sphinx to teach his copy everything in the UVR...When he absorbed his wisp back on, all the experience would transform to him again.

So, Felix was quite dissatisfied with himself for not figuring this out much sooner.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"I believe you can even learn scrolls inscriptions and talisman inscriptions using this method." Asna suggested.

Felix stopped moping about himself instantly after hearing her proposal.

"You're right...Scrolls inscriptions and talismans inscriptions are more or less the same as the elves magic system." Felix's eyes widened the more he spoke, "As long as I can learn how to inscribe Living Runes on scrolls or talismans, the grindy repetition process can be outsourced to my factory in the UVR!"

Felix understood that scrolls and talismans inscriptions relied on another different system that require understanding of something called Living Runes.

However, he was never scared of learning about it.

The only reason he refused to learn scrolls and talismans was because he knew that his time would be stretched far too much when he started practicing inscriptions.

He asked Arthur about them a long time ago, and he was told that each engraved spell on a scroll required a painful process of repetition to succeed in making just one!

So, he gave up on them at that moment...But, if the repetition issue could be solved with his copies in the UVR, then he could become a great inscriptor! 

Moreover, he posessed freakish familiarity to space/time elements, so he could create scrolls with their spells and give/sell them to anyone he wanted for utilization!

"The universe will really go mad if a Space/Time Inscriptor have emerged." Asna remarked, "Even the primogenitors will desire to buy scrolls capable of casting such a high leveled spells."

"That's true." Fenrir nodded, "Even I will want to get my hands on scrolls with greater time spells...A scroll to turn time back will be godly for anyone."

"Hahaha! I can't wait to start ripping them off." Felix laughed loudly, feeling immensely excited by the future prospects.

Just a single idea had opened tens of gates before him!

Unfortunately, before he could get too hippy about this, Lady Sphinx had to bring him back to reality, "You still need to learn how to conjure Living Runes, inscribe, and seal them in scrolls in the real world."

"I suggest that you leave this until you at least mastered a couple of space spells first. This will help you greatly when you attempt to inscribe them into scrolls." Lady Sphinx advised.

"You're right."

When Felix thought about it, he realized that Lady Sphinx was talking sense as always.

If he decided to learn runic inscription right now, he would be required to invest an extensive amount of time in the real world.

When he learned it and begin to inscribe spells, he would be able to work with only the mastered spells in his possession.

That's because it would be immensely much easier than doing it with a new unfamiliar spell. Even the time required for practice would be reduced drastically.

If so, it was best to bolster his arsenal with space/time spells first before becoming an inscriber. This would be the most efficient use of his time and resources.

After all, those copies weren't permanent and infinite since they require mental energy, and it was a finite resource that was hard to recover.

He was still not at the same level as Lady Sphinx, who could have hundreds of wisps of her consciousness placed permanently in perfect copies of herself.

"So, the plan forward is this." Felix noted down, "Use one wisp for my potion concoction. The others will focus on helping me master at least four space spells in the upcoming years."

"After the war, I will be free to invest my time in scrolls inscription." Felix grinned widely, "And then start ripping primogenitors of their ancient treasures."