Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Time went by in a jiffy for everyone involved in the war preparation...Felix blinked his eyes and found himself half a day away from the great reset.

"Is everything ready?" Felix inquired as he eyed his councilmen in the war room.

"We are waiting just for lighthouse squad N9 to guide Symbiote N5 to its position." Arthur informed.

"How much will they take?" 

"Half a day at best." 

"Good." Felix smiled coldly, "Let's give them one last festival to participate in."

The day of the great reset was always celebrated by every race as it was considered a national day for the alliance and everyone in it.

"Tell everyone to stay in their locations." Felix ordered before exiting the meeting room.

After he logged off, he walked towards a window in his spaceship and gazed at a tiny scarlet shimmering planet from a distance.

This was Liniliv, the capital planet of The Bloodstone Monarchy...Duchess Alina, Marquise Sebastian, and every other important vampire reside here.

Felix decided to come here personally and contribute to the war instead of hiding in the elvish royal palace.

"You don't need to make a move with us." Candace sighed, "You will just put yourself in unnecessary danger."

"We already talked about this." Felix frowned, "We might have enough foot soldiers to drown them, but we are lacking strong monsters capable of dealing with the kings/Queens and their guardians."

Felix knew that the top 1% of those three races were the real problem as the voidlings [1]wouldn't be enough to threaten them.

If he wanted to completely win this war, it wouldn't matter how many soldiers he killed...It would be over when the heads of the snakes were taken care off.

It would be impossible to slay them when their numbers were stretched too wide.

After all, there were barely three thousand in the void nation at the moment.

For each Symbiote and Dreamer to become vital in the war, hundreds void citizens were required to open a void rift big enough for them and keep it open for many days until they exit the void realm.

Since they have ten of those two monstrous bioweapons, even if all of them helped, it would still not be enough to open void rifts for each one of them at the same time.

This forced them to use just three at the moment of their strike, focusing on just the capitals.

As for letting those bioweapons out in the matter universe for days or weeks before the attack, this was going to alert their targets.

It would thoroughly ruin their advantageous position.

In addition, each of those bioweapons required lighthouses squads to keep them under control, which was an additional lose of many capable Djins.

The same applied to the tens of Wrathful Creators.

All in all, the logistics to take care of those three bioweapons were too much and had reduced many of the army's forces.

"The Ruiner will handle the Astrians Empress Urris, and her guardians. Mammon and Meriam will work together to deal with the Gremlins King Tyrdag." Felix mentioned calmly, "It's only proper for me to deal with Duchess Alina."

Although Duchess Alina was ranked twelve on the empyrean rank, Felix wasn't as scared of her as before.

He might not be confident in dominating her, but he had a firm belief that he could assassinate her successfully. 

With his hack to the runic system, he had learned much more than anyone could anticipate in the past two years.

...

At Midnight...

The atmosphere throughout most cities in the UVR was lively and bustling with festivities. Fireworks exploded in the sky continuously with different congratulation wishes.

The greatest festivities were held in the Milky Way as everyone was celebrating their new rank in the alliance!

It was finally secured that their rank would be twenty-five for the next decade and receive the appropriate benefits of such high rank.

It was quite understandable for everyone to be happy since taxes would be reduced on the commoners while the big shots would earn even more money from the alliance.

So, no one was bitter at all.

Since Felix was single-handedly responsible over this, his name was being chanted and cheered throughout every city.

Toasts were done on his name and many kids born from this celebration would defintely be named after him.

Yet, Felix wasn't participating in any party...Even the one held by his own earthling team.

How could he celebrate when he was just about to launch the biggest war in the alliance's history?

"I'm glad they are having fun." Felix smiled as he watched a live stream of his team's party in Earth.

'Felix...'

Asna couldn't help but feel a bit saddened at the sight of her lover...She knew that he might seem cool about it, but deep down, he must feel exhausted.

Everyone was celebrating his hard work to level up his race's rank. Yet, instead of joining them, he was still working hard to protect them...Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Sure, the primogenitors only eyed his race and wanted its extinction because of him, but he still took it upon him to do everything possible to protect them.

"Felix, lighthouse squad N9 have reached its position." Candace suddenly informed, "Do you want us to group up with them?"

Felix kept eyeing the live stream for a few more seconds before he waved the hologram away with a stoic indifferent expression, "Let's go."

Candace opened a void rift and they both jumped inside with Nimo...The moment Felix faced the direction of Liniliv, he saw only an astronomical blob of gooey substance.

It was at least one hundred bigger than Liniliv!

Although they had much bigger bioweapons to be used, Felix settled for this one since it was the closest to the Liniliv.

After all, those bioweapons didn't travel at the same speed as Candace and the others in the void realm.

Felix and Candace quickly appeared right next to it, joining the hundreds of void citizen.

'You guys know what to do.' Felix spoke to them telepathically through his wisp residing in Nimo's consciousness space.

'Leave it to us.' Aegnor assured with a solemn tone...He was responsible over leading this group.

'Good luck.' Felix nodded before departing with Candace towards Liniliv's capital city.

Since he didn't have void eye like them, he was forced to watch through Candace's eyes in his consciousness space.

Though, he didn't need to put his main consciousness there as he had a wisp doing that for him.

As expected of Vampires' taste in night-life, the city was lit up dimly with old-fashioned light poles.

The sun was nowhere to be seen as the sky was covered with thick gloomy crimson clouds.

They weren't covering just the city but almost the entire planet, making it perfect habitable place for those night dwellers.

As for the city structure, it was just as old-fashioned as its light poles...Most of the buildings were small gray castles built near each other in an orderly manner.

The streets were paved with flat blocks of stones arranged beautifully. There was a vast plaza in the center of the city with an artistic fountain that was spilling blood in the sky.

After Felix reached this plaza, he noticed that it was packed to the brim with vampires.

All of them seemed to be happy as they celebrated their race managing to rank above the werewolves in this cycle...For them, this was the biggest joy ever.

When Felix saw families walking with their children in the plaza and buying them candy and stuff, he felt like someone had gripped his heart tightly.

'Don't falter Felix, don't falter...' He mumured to himself as those families overlapped with the image of human families being murdered and chased out of their homes.

He knew that there was no other solution to this but war.

The only thing he could do was either be active and start it here or remain passive and see the war explode in his own galaxy.

When Felix's anger had been pacified after learning about the war for the first time, he also started to have doubts if this was the way forward.

He even started to think that it was best to just take control over the void nation and not retaliate against the primogenitors.

But, when his rationality took over, he understood that he was dealing with three merciless monsters, who wouldn't hesitate to continue what they started even if the void nation turned against them.

They might not do it right away, but they could just as easily make their move on his race if he suddenly died.

If he died, they wouldn't have any reason to fear Lord Khaos anymore.

He was certain that they would vent their anger on his race and cause its extinction just like they did to Half-serpents and Avions.

If they had no shame to do it for his masters, why would they think twice against him?

So, Felix hardened his humanely emotions and continued on his plan to get rid of their descendants...Still, he wasn't as demonic as them and knew when to draw the line.

[1] Voidlings will be used to group up low-born void creatures and elite void creatures.