'Looks like everyone have their targets locked.' Felix commentated after spotting many annihilation fiends, void succubi, and imitators situated throughout key positions in the city while staying in the void realm.

Most annihilation fiends were clustered near the plaza. To be exact, on a castle's porch, which was facing the plaza and everyone in it.

There were ten royal chairs arranged in a single line on this porch. At the center of the line, a single throne stood out with its magnificent kingly design.

All the chairs were empty, yet Felix's soldiers were floating behind each one of them with stoic expression, making them resemble executioners.

Only the throne had no one behind it.

It didn't stay like that for long as Felix and Candace situated themselves near it.

Just like they were waiting for them, the moment they took their positions, the high-profiled vampire nobility began to enter the porch while wearing formal attires.

The crowd cheered and applauded each time a noble appeared on the porch. 

Soon, the handsome Marquise Sebastian appeared while waving his hand with a faint smile. As the right hand of Duchess Alina, he sat on the right chair next to the throne.

If only he knew that Felix was breathing down his neck from a different dimension, he would have wiped that smile off his face and escaped as far as possible!

ClAP CLAP CLAP!!...

Suddenly, the applause intensity had jumped over the roof the moment the crown spotted a breathtaking fair skinned woman step inside the porch.

She had a ginger long hair that flew down her shoulders and slightly her bewitching face.

When she pushed a stalk away, it revealed narrow hazel eyes, set sunken within their sockets and watch loyally over the folk they've enchanted for so long.

A single scar reaching from the bottom of the right cheekbone, running towards the right side of her lips, leaving a beautiful memory of heroic liberation.

For a female, a vampire, and a duchess to leave a scar, it only implied that it had a significant importance to her.

This was the face of Aline Gedney, a true idealist among vampires.

She gained respect and complete devotion from her subjects during their last war against the werewolves, where she led her race to a hard fought victory after an epoch of humiliation under them.

All of them couldn't wait for the day when she leads them to kick out the werewolves from their galaxy and finally own all of it instead of just half...

Duchess Alina stood elegantly among the Marquis with her mesmerizing royal red dress and golden crown.

With a charming soft smile, she placed a finger near her mouth and everyone quietened down like a goddess had given them an order.

Under this sense of tranquility, she sat on her throne and spoke with a soft angelic voice, "I am delighted to see everyo..."

BOOM BOOM BOOM...

Before she could finish her sentence, the crowd had their eyes widened and smiles stiffened at the horrific sight of Duchess Alina's head exploding into shower of blood...

In her head's place, a fist was seen dripping with blood after emerging out of nowhere.

When some vampires managed to move their pupil away from her, they were met with the same image happening to the marquis.

All of their heads were turned into blood clouds...The only difference were the arms resembling demonic ones with veins covering them entirely.

They belonged to non-other than the annihilation fiends responsible over this high-profiled assassinations!

In a split second, all the arms withdrew back inside a small void rift before it was closed shut, leaving behind the vampire's upper nobility completely dismasted and a crowd unable to believe their eyes.

Thud! Thud!..

When everyone saw Duchess Alina and the marquis headless corpses slip with their own blood and disappear from their vision, their hearts were finally started to beat again.

They beat like there was no tomorrow as terror, disbelief, shock, agitation, and every single negative emotion took completely over their minds!

"KYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"...."WAAAA...WAAAAA..."

"This can't be real."

"Someone wakes me from this nightmare, please!"

When the crowd's negative emotions synched together, the plaza was turned into a chaotic battlefield!

Female vampires screamed at the top of their lungs while children cried their eyes out at such a traumatic sight.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Meanwhile, most of the male vampires had a utter mental breakdown unable to believe what their eyes were feeding them.

Who could blame them?

Every respected noblemen with great honor in the vampire race was murdered in a split second under their own eyes!

"Control the crowd! Control the crowd!" A bearded giant green orc wearing an armor kept shouting thunderously the guards in the plaza.

He was also scared shitless by what just happened, but as an orc, his heart wasn't hit as hard as the vampires, allowing him to regain control over his emotions quickly.

Since most of the guards were outsourced from other races, they also managed to control themselves and start doing their jobs.

'Haha, no one can defend against our assassinations.' An Annihilation Fiend laughed evilly while watching the city fall under complete chaos with Felix and the rest.

The imitators and void succubi might not have participated in the main assassination, but they had also killed off many other important figures around the city simultaneously.

All of this to ensure that no leadership would emerge after the chaos and help the vampires control the situation.

While Candace and the others were speaking with each other excitedly at their success, Felix was showing a skeptical expression.

'Wasn't it a bit too easy?' He wondered, 'Even Duchess Alina didn't react in time to my strike.'

'Well, you can't force out complications.' Asna said, 'You have boosted your strength to almost 320K BF in the past two years. In addition, Duchess Alina had no reason to be on alert. Last but not least, they were still just vampires, not dragons. So, it's not too peculiar that the assassination went smoother than you expected.'

'You make sense, but I k...I don't know.' Felix rubbed his eyelids, 'I guess I was making this too difficult than it should be.'

'Should we move on with the plan?' Candace asked.

'Yes, tell Aegnor to make his move.' Felix smiled coldly, 'It's time to make this planet disappear.'

Without hesitation, Candace gave Aegnor the go signal.

The moment he received it, Aegnor created a void rift thousands of kilometers away from the planet's exosphere and commanded his army to expand it!

"What in the hell is that..."

"Oh god!! Is that a void rift?!!"

"Quick..Quickly informs the Duchess!!"

Before long, the void rift was big enough it was spotted by soldiers on the security fleets and even the people on the space stations!

Everyone felt like their legs turned into jelly when the void rift surpassed the size of the planet and still kept growing bigger and bigger!

When fear started to settle in at the sight of this dreadful cosmic void rift, none of them dared to continue their journey to Liniliv.

They scrambled with terrified expressions towards their spaceships and speed away from Liniliv, not daring to look behind them.

"Commander Robinkett! We just received news that Upper Nobility has been assassinated!" A soldier gulped a mouthful as he relayed the news, "Even Duchess Alina!"

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN EVERYONE IS DEAD!" Commander Robinkett shouted furiously.

Instead of repeating it again, the soldier displayed a holographic screen, showing the horrible death Duchess Alina and the marquis.

"It's real..."

Commander Robinkett went as quiet as mum, feeling like his soul was sucked out of his mouth at the notion that the vampire race had lost all of their authoritative figures simultaneously.

Yet, what scared him the most was the sight of the ever expanding void rift, that was now big enough to cover the sun completely from Liniliv, putting it under a veil of pure darkness.

This had caused almost everyone to halt and look above them after the sky turned black from red...They were fortunate enough that the clouds had hindered their vision from the void rift.

If they ever saw it, almost everyone would have most likely passed out in fright at such apocalyptic scene.

"Sh*t! What the hell am I supposed to do!" Commander Robinkett felt completely lost as not even his extensive experience was enough to help him face this kind of situation.

Before he could make any idiotic decisions, a void rift suddenly opened near him...Candace walked out of it with an alluring smile on her face as usual.

"Little guy, you have five days to evacuate the planet before it gets devoured by my friend...You better act fast." Candace winked at him and the soldiers before retreating to the void realm.

"Five days, Devoured? Who is she and why the f*ck are we being attacked!"

Just like Candace responded to his inquires, countless long humongous pitch-black tentacles emerged from the void rift and kept stretching towards the planet.

When the commander and the soldiers saw them, they all spoke under their breath while their faces got contorted from pure bone-chilling fear.

"The World Eater..."