Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

While the war was in the process of picking up its speed, the Darkin Faction primogenitors didn't have an ounce of happiness in their expressions as they watched live streams of the chaos on going in their descendants galaxies.

Obviously, Felix hadn't attacked just the capital planets alone, but most of the important territories for his enemies.

The only difference was that he sent his voidlings armies to those planets, causing them to focus all of their fleets on destroying the voidlings to keep them as separated as possible.

"I don't understand how did this f*cker convince the void race to turn against us when we have forced them to swear an oath on their paragon to never betray our side." Saurous gritted his teeth in anger as he watched his descendants fighting for their lives against the voidlings.

In addition to maintaining secrecy on the war, the oath naturally involved a non betrayal clause...If it wasn't for it, those three wouldn't have been so laid back when dealing with the void race.

Felix might have not shown himself, but the three of them knew that he was the mastermind behind this since no one in the void race had such big balls to attack their descendants blatantly like this.

"It can't be Lord Khaos, he would never bother to put himself in such fights unless he was forced." Wendigo frowned, "Even if he did, he shouldn't have enough authority to free them from the paragon's oath penalties...Only the paragon can do that."

When he said so, Saurous and Manananggal eyed each other with a hint of dread in their expression, both reaching the same conclusion.

"Don't tell me he woke up from his slumber and regained leadership over his toys?"

"Well, the void race does seem too organized in their attack like they have a legit kingly figure." Wendigo shared.

They knew that those proud unique void creatures would never actually respect Arthur and listen to all of his orders...In their minds, they were fine with with them making as much mayhem while killing Felix in the process.

"This can't be right, something else must be the answer." Saurous shook his head vehemently, "The Paragon of Sins is one of the most mysterious figures in the universe...He can't just wake up and start interfering in this war."

Manananggal and Wendigo nodded in agreement, knowing that the paragon desired chaos throughout the universe, and he wasn't concerned about its origin.

So, there was no need for him to change their original plan and switch the void race's enmity to them.

"No need to waste time discussing this. The truth will come clear when we interrogate that little shit."

"He must be crazy if he thought that he can launch a universal war affecting the entire alliance and get away with it unscathed." Saurous smiled coldly, "The death of my favorite descendants is a small fee to pay for his execution."

"Fortunately, only your descendants drew the short end of the stick from this trade." Wendigo turned to look at Manananggal before asking, "How is the revival going?"

"Let me check." Manananggal replied while having a bit of his focus transfer to one of his wisps.

When his vision became clear, it reflected ten black medical pods in the shape of coffins arranged in a single line.

The windows nearby showed the darkness of the cosmos as well as Liniliv, appearing as small as a grain of rice near a black hole with devilish tentacles protruding from it.

Manananggal ignored this sight and eyed the ten coffins with an expressionless look.

The coffins might not show a single thing, but his eyes reflected ten pools of blood inside of them. Small humaniod embryos were seen shaping up at a noticeable speed in those blood pools.

"They have entered embryos stage." Manananggal informed his companions.

"That's good, in less than a day, they will grow into adults again." Saurous commentated.

If Felix heard so, he would honestly be too dumbfounded to react.

It turned out, Asna's assumption was right and that Felix had succeeded in assassinating the real Duchess Alina with the rest of the nobility.

However, he had no clue that Manananggal was capable of reviving them back to their peak forms as long as he owned a large quantity of their fresh blood!

Even Felix's masters didn't know that Manananggal had upgraded his ultimate ability to allow him to revive even his descendants if proper conditions were met!

The only thing they knew was that his ultimate ability True Immortality allowed him to revive from a single drop of blood automatically.

Though, Manananggal could only use his ultimate ability on his descendants, who shared a heavy percentage of his bloodline, since it helped him control it like it was his own.

That's why only the top ten nobility were involved in this revival countermeasure.

As the Blood Primogenitor, anything related to blood was within his manipulation!

"When will they be at their peak after rebirth?" Saurous inquired, "We will need them to return to their duties as quickly as possible before that bastard causes more damages."

"Three days at best." Manananggal answered, "It's a bit irritating to extract memories from their bloodline and merge it with their newborn consciousness."

In the case of the physical body and its properties, Manananggal had no issues with it since everything he needed was in that pool of fresh blood.

However, the spirit side was the tricky part even for Manananggal.

That's because Duchess Alina and others' souls were truly destroyed and had their spirits sent to the Spirit realm!

There was no mistake in their death.

The only way for Manananggal to 'revive' them was by creating an exact perfect living copy from their cells, just like cloning.

Fortunately, bloodlines were capable of saving memories and soul threads, allowing Manananggal to be one of the few special beings capable of extracting them and using them to build similar souls with identical memories in those clones.

If Lady Sphinx wasn't at odds with Manananggal, she would have reached out to pick his brains on such a remarkable ability, that allowed him to help even his descendants to ignore death!

"There is nothing to worry about, we can force him to stop the war easily with the council's backing. If he doesn't..." Wendigo smiled coldly, "It's been a while since I stomped on someone."

"But, what if he used those four traitors as key witnesses?" Manananggal frowned, "They must have recorded our first conversation with them."

"We can just threaten them beforehand." Saurous suggested with a frigid tone, "They already betrayed us, but if we promised them that all will be forgiven if they kept their mouths shut, they will take the bite."

"Otherwise, they will truly become mortal enemies with us for the rest of their lives."

There was a huge difference between making a threat and actually making a move themselves.

Arthur, Meriam, Aegnor, and The Ruiner would never be at peace if they knew that those three primogenitors were actually coming for them!

Neither Felix nor his masters could protect them since they really asked for it by publishing a private conversation with them and even betraying them.

So, Saurous didn't hesitate to reach out to them to give them one final chance of redeeming themselves.

Vrrr Vrrr...

After a couple of rings, the call was picked up, which pleased Saurous and the other two. However, before they could speak, a familiar voice and face forced them to wipe out their smiles.

"I am afraid to tell you that all of your calls are forwarded to me." Felix spoke while staring at them with an unfazed expression, "You have no place to contact my subordinates ever again."

"You little sh*t!" Saurous immediately snapped at Felix, "You have no idea who you are f*cking with! If you think that your dogsh*t masters and Lord Khaos are keeping us away from touching you, then you are hugely mistaken!"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Felix knew that he wasn't making empty threats. The only reason they weren't making a move personally was more out of respect to Lord Khaos than fear.

If they were pushed too much, they wouldn't hesitate to delete Felix and deal with Lord Khaos' and his masters after the deed.

"I am only showing you what happens when you push me to a corner." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, "You think I will remain standing as you scheme to erase my race and kill me in the process?"

"Yes, you should have done that." Saurous remarked with a glacial expression, "You have been poking the hornet nest for a long while now, and it's time for you to feel the sting."

"Trust me boy, it's going to hurt you more than you can imagine."

"Bring it on." Felix scoffed at his threat and hung up on his face, not caring anymore about maintaining any respectful front.

Before the Darkin Faction decided to attempt killing him and his race, Felix was always dealing with them with some respect since their primary targets were his masters.

But now? He would never show a weak or submissive side before them even if that was going to piss them off!

"This little!!" Saurous gritted his teeth furiously, "I am going to f*cking skin him alive!!"