"Are you confident this is the smartest decision to make?" Asna asked as she eyed Felix.

She was a bit worried that if he kept acting this recklessly, he would end up suffering from the horns of the Darkin Faction for real.

Before Felix could reply, Fenrir spoke indifferently, "Kid, you don't have to bow your head to them in fear. If they dared get involved in this personally, they will have to go through me first."

"Thank you elder." Felix replied with an appreciative smile.

He also knew that his latest actions were basically forcing the Darkin Faction to attack him.

Still, he really didn't want to buckle up against their pressure even when they kept making schemes to kill him left and right.

"I dislike fighting greatly, but if they want to mess with my favorite student, I will be left with no choice but to show them what sand is capable off." Lady Sphinx added with a stony look.

Lady Sphinx's remark had taken off everyone by surprise as they never expected such a fierce statement would come out of the most intellectual primogenitor in the universe.

"Master..." Even Felix felt his unsettled his heart start to pacify again after directly challenging three primogenitors.

Lord Khaos might be silent, but Felix understood that he also had his back.

With three alive primogenitors in his side, he had no reason to feel afraid anymore, allowing to hold his head high when dealing with those bastards.

"I may not be useful in battles at the moment, but I got your back when it comes to fronting." Thor smirked, "Let's see if their heat will remain the same after I talk to them in the Council."

"With your trash talking, I think you will just worsen it." Jörmungandr chided, "Let me do the talking."

Just as Thor wanted to retort back, Lady Sphinx interjected, "Aspidochelone has invited us to the council to discuss this war. It's expected most primogenitors will be there."

It was only normal for Aspidochelone and the other primogenitors to group up and talk about this war.

They had no clue about anything related to it and since the Void Nation was attacking most races simultaneously, it affected them as well.

"Are you prepared? They will be grueling you on plenty of things related to the Void Nation." Lady Sphinx addressed Felix with a serious tone.

"I am ready." Felix nodded.

...

Sometime later, in the Primogenitors Council Hall...

"Thank you everyone for attending on a short notice." Aspidochelone smiled kindly as he looked at his peers sitting throughout the circular hall in a disorderly fashion.

The attendance was off the charts as more than fifteen primogenitors were here...Even Elemental Lord Khaos and Lord Dune have accepted the invitation.

'Damn it, he really came.' Saurous cursed as he glanced at Lord Khaos.

'Is he here to keep us in check?' 

'Must be.' Wendigo knitted his eyebrows, 'He rarely bothers to participate in those meetings.'

"Well, it's hard to ignore your invitation when our little children are being invaded by the void forces." Jorōgumo replied.

Everyone nodded in agreement.

"Does anyone know why is this happening?" Erebus frowned, "I am starting to think that the Paragon of Sins has awakened and launched this invasion."

Before the others could discuss his statement, Saurous interjected with an irritated tone, "There is no such a thing."

"Seeing that the void race have targeted your descendants fervently, I had a feeling that the three of you are involved in this." Kumiho giggled as she pointed at the Darkin faction members.

Everyone eyed at them with intrigued expressions, feeling like they were always in the center of trouble and drama in the past years.

"Don't look at us like that." Wendigo said, "We are the victims here."

"The student of those bastards was responsible over this chaotic war!" Saurous supported by pointing his finger at Thor and the rest of Felix's masters with a livid expression.

"Is this true?" Cyclope asked.

He attended this meeting only because he had a feeling that Felix must have a role in it.

Kumiho and the rest refrained from speaking, but their curious eyes clearly stated that they were just as eager to hear the truth.

"Yes." Lady Sphinx confirmed it bluntly, leaving everyone in a state of astonishment at such a revelation.

"You're telling me this massive void invasion is that little punk's doing?"

"How did he make the void race submit to him? Those leeches refuse to submit to each other."

"Lord Khaos do you have any hand in this?" 

Everyone gazed at Lord Khaos, believing that he must have forced them to submit to Felix since he also had control over them.

After all, they were made out of void energy in essence and as the void primogenitor, he could easily enslave them.

That's why he was the most feared by the void race in the entire primogenitors circle.

"I have nothing to do with this." Lord Khaos replied expressionlessly.

"This is getting interesting." Siren remarked.

Everyone believed that Lord Khaos was telling the truth as he never bothered himself to lie. If he wanted to avoid answering, he just remained quiet.

Since he was useless in this discussion, everyone turned to Felix's masters.

"Mind telling us what's going on?" Erebus stated, "I believe we are owed an explanation."

"Bring out the kid here." Saurous said coldly, "Our favorite descendants have been assassinated in a cowardly manner and I won't be quiet about this until I get justice."

Manananggal and Wendigo knew that there was a high chance of this backfiring against them since Felix had witnesses...But, they could only roll the dice and hope that those witnesses would still have a bit of fear to betray them in public and shame them.

"As you wish."

Without delay, Lady Sphinx sent an invitation link to Felix, who accepted it in the blink of an eye.

After a sudden flash of light, Felix was seen standing in the center floor of the Council.

He was wearing a formal blue marine suit without a tie and a slightly unbuttoned white shirt on the top...His expression showed nothing but utmost respect as he looked at all those great figures around him.

"Junior Felix is honored to be amidst the elders." Felix greeted politely while scanning the primogenitors' faces.

Most had pleased expressions as they stared at him even though he was responsible over a universal war. 

This sight irritated the Darkin faction members, knowing that if it was anyone else, most primogenitors would have neutral bored expressions.

"Go take a seat next to your masters." Aspidochelone permitted kindly.

"Thanks."

Felix swiftly sat down next to Lady Sphinx and spoke calmly, "I would rather not waste your precious time, so I will confess everything to the best of my ability."

His confidence had caught everyone by surprise...Especially, the Darkin faction members as they realized instantly that Felix had the witnesses on board!

'F*ck! They did it!'

With ugly expressions, they watched Felix showcase a holographic recording of them and the four original masterminds of the war room!

The more the primogenitors heard of their discussion, the clearer the situation had become.

When the recording was finished, Felix added, "If you have any doubts that the recording is fabricated, I permitted Queen Ai to analyze it for you."

"It's 100% real." Queen Ai stated monotonously, causing black lines to emerge on the Darkin faction's members' foreheads.

"If this isn't enough, I can even bring the real witnesses here." Felix concluded with a composed expression.

"There is no need for that." Aspidochelone stated as he looked at Manananggal with a displeased expression, "We have understood the big picture clearly."

"As I expected, you guys are really something special." Siren berated, "I can't believe you will be mad enough to outsource a war to have such a pity revenge on a little boy."

"How low are you going to stoop down before you remember your identity?" Erebus supported with a disgruntled tone, "You make us all look bad with your sh*tty childish shenanigans."

"This is really inexcusable." Jorōgumo said with a deep frown.

"We know that you have deep enmity with the Asgardian Faction, but if you hate them that much, why aren't you making a move on them instead of targeting their student?" Cherufe reproached with a heated tone, "How shameful!"𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Even Lord Dune shook his head in disappointment without saying much.

No one backed or supported the Darkin faction members when they finally understood that they were the ones starting this.

To make matters worse, they hated the notion that three esteem primogenitors were doing this much for the sake of killing a little human.

In their eyes, there was nothing more embarrassing than this.

It reflected poorly on them as a whole since they literally showed that some primogenitors have no issues with bullying a mortal by abusing their status.

"For shame."..."For shame indeed."..."They are really losing it each year."...

Manananggal, Wendigo, and Saurous were left with stunned looks as they kept hearing one scold after another, leaving them no space to even defend themselves.

They knew that they were going to be treated bad if Felix brought out his evidence, but they had no idea that it was going to be by this much.

They were somewhat right...If it was another mortal, most of them wouldn't even bother with the whole situation.

But this was Felix!

How could they not love him when he was constantly bringing them the best entertainment in the games?