Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"You should really start reflecting on your poor decisions lately." Aspidochelone advised the Darkin faction members.

Before the others could start another round of speaking lowly about them, the short fused Saurous snapped furiously, "Cut the bullsh*t already! Do you honestly think I will buckle down as I watch a mortal continue to step on me?!"

"If this was happening to you, your reaction wouldn't be any better than ours!"

"You are really delusional if you think that you can talk yourself out of this with such a distasteful excuse." Erebus scoffed, "The kid has won against three of my champions and lost me many ancient treasures. You don't see me throwing me a tantrum about it."

"Likewise, I might feel alienated because of Sphinxy, but the thought of making a move on him never crossed my mind." Kumiho winked at Felix seductively and added, "Unless, he wants me to do it."

Felix immediately lowered his head with goosebumps spreading through his skin at the thought of falling in the hands of this vixen.

"Face it, you guys are invested in his life now more than ever since you know that your strongest champions won't be able to defeat him in the future." Cherufe huffed smoke through his burning nose in mockery.

For the other primogenitors, this really didn't affect them that much as they merely desired entertainment from any source possible.

However, the Darkin faction would take it as a heavy lose against the Asgardian faction, which they couldn't allow to happen.

Everyone here was able to reach this conclusion.

So, nothing they said was going to change their opinion on this matter and paint them as the victims.

'Stop talking, you are worsening this than it is.'

Manananggal understood this very well, making him stop Saurous from trying to stand their grounds.

'Let's just watch for now.' Wendigo also went silent while having the most unfriendly look on his face.

When everyone saw that they had gone silent, they also stopped with their shaming and berating.

"Since both parties are here, how about we put a closure to this situation before it goes out of hand?" Aspidochelone suggested as he looked at both factions.

"I have no issues with solving this diplomatically." Felix agreed.

"That's good to hear." Aspidochelone smiled.

Manananggal and the other two might not have responded, but everyone knew that they were interested in doing this as well.

After all, they might not care too much about their races, but it wouldn't feel good if they ended up getting weakened to the point they became an embarrassment in the alliance.

Unfortunately, Felix wasn't so merciful...

"I simply wants a sincere apology from them and a promise that they will never target my race." Felix requested with a solemn tone.

"An apology? Hahaha! How bold, I love it!" Kumiho was the first to laugh in amusement.

"I guess this will not be solved diplomatically." Erebus chuckled.

Those two reactions were more or less shared by the rest of the primogenitors as they stared at Felix's indifferent expression.

Felix knew that a public apology in front of their peers was the greatest humiliation possible for the Darkin faction!

If they agreed to it, there was no need to massacre their descendants since their pride meant a hundred times more than their extinction!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Before the primogenitors could voice their input on the matter, Saurous released a haunting crackle from the depth of his soul and said, "You must be really over your mind to assume that you are worthy to receive an apology from us."

"Gods don't apologize to mortals." Mannanganl added with a faint kind smile like he was teaching Felix a basic lesson.

"Is that so?" Felix smiled kindly back and suggested, "I am fine with an apology to my masters then."

"..."

This stiffened Manananggal's smile as he didn't expect Felix to swiftly give up on his rights like this!

Felix didn't give a sh*t about the apology itself but just humiliating those bastards as a punishment. So, he had no problems if even they apologized to a wall.

"Isn't he a good lad?" Thor grinned widely as he eyed his nemesis, "Please make it as sincere as possible. Otherwise, I will make you repeat it until I am satisfied."

"Don't forget about me." Jörmungandr jumped in with a mocking smile.

"I like one too." Fenrir raised two fingers in the air like he was calling for a waitress. 

'Those motherf*ckers!' 

This pissed off the Darkin faction members more than ever as they knew that Felix's masters were merely taking advantage of the situation to ridicule them.

Everyone here knew that the universe would end first before those factions apologized to each other for anything!

"Sigh, I tried my best." Aspidochelone shrugged his shoulders and returned to his seat, not bothering himself with meditating between them anymore.

He knew that diplomacy wasn't going to work.

As he expected, Mannangal soon stood up while fixing his attires. He narrowed his eyes at Felix and his masters with a sadistic smile and said, "If you want a war, then you will get one."

Just as Saurous wanted to double down on his threat, Lord Khaos finally opened his mouth, "I expect it to be mortals between mortals...Correct?"

When the Darkin faction heard so, their expression got a bit twisted, but they still answered, "Of course. We will not break our pact by interfering in mortally matters."

The moment the primogenitors woke up in this era and realized that their existence was forgotten, they all made a pact to keep it this way from the public at least.

Just like he had heard what he wanted, Lord Khaos bid everyone farewell and left the council immediately.

This made the Darkin faction more irritated and worried than ever since they had never seen Lord Khaos put so much focus on anything!

It just had to be on the annoying splinter in their finger.

"Just know this...If you dare to go too far, nothing will stop us from protecting our descendants." Manananggal left one last warning before exiting the council with his partners.

"He is right, boy." Erebus advised with good intentions, "Don't seek extinction of their descendants as your goal if you want them to keep their hands off you."

"I understand." Felix nodded.

"Honestly, I doubt you can even pull it off." Siren shook her head, "You guys are underestimating the alliance's forces a bit too much."

"Well, I never bothered myself with their toys." Erebus scratched his chin, "Are they that good?"

"Good?" Siren giggled, "Check the network and see what's going on."

Upon hearing so, Erebus manifested a visible holographic screen and checked on the current streams of the void invasions throughout the alliance's territory.

There were more than a hundred screen, each showing an ongoing space battle between cosmic blobs and ten thousand warships firing plasma beams continuously on them!

Even though the explosions were neverending, everyone was still able to see that the voidlings blob was getting reduced in size in a noticeable manner!

Unlike the Symbiotes, voidlings had a limit to the amount of energy absorbed, and if it goes past it, they end up imploding!

With that amount of neverending shower of plasma beams and nuclear bombs, a hundred thousand voidlings were dying each second!

Yet, this wasn't even close to what's happening in the metal race capital planet!

"Oh dear, they actually created such weapons?"

Erebus raised an eyebrow in surprise as he watched the voidlings cosmic blob getting erased out of existence by a frightening blinding sun much bigger than them!

It all happened in second!

"That's their planet destroyer weapon, and it can easily harm even us if we took a direct hit from it." Siren clarified with a serious tone, "Those metal heads are developing much stronger weapons as we speak."

"They are really one of a kind." Erebus chuckled, still not taking them seriously.

"I apologize elders, but it looks like the situation is getting grimmer than I anticipated. I have to return to the frontline." Felix swiftly bowed down and excused himself before anyone could say anything.

"He really took off...We have yet to ask him anything about his void forces."

"That weasel did so in purpose to avoid our questions!" Kumiho pouted in annoyance.

She was absolutely right!

"If you have anything to ask, I am here." Lady Sphinx said calmly.

Everyone looked at each other and begrudgingly started to teleport away, knowing that Lady Sphinx was screwing with them and would never tell them anything important.

They knew that she wouldn't allow Felix to return for an interrogation...So, there was no need to remain here anymore.

As for the war affecting their races as well? No one bothered to stop Felix as they were happy with the entertainment it would provide them...Especially, when they knew that Felix's main targets were the Darkin faction's races.

"I guess that went well." Felix sighed in relief after returning to his room.

"I say it went great." Asna smiled widely, "You taught those bastards a lesson and made sure that they get pressured by the council to keep their hands to themselves. All of this without exposing anything about Nimo."

"It's an absolute win."

"It's not a win yet until the war ends in our favor." Felix frowned as he watched his void forces getting handed the stick by the alliance, "I didn't expect I will be forced to start the second phase of our plan so soon...The SGAlliance really have some deep pockets."