Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Felix had sent his voidlings armies to hold down all the top ten races even the witches, elves, and sages...After all, it would bring needless suspicious for them from other parties.

From those streams, he realized that ten million voidlings were still not enough to threaten their capital planets when all of them owned ten thousand warships worth trillions of coins each!

"Damn, it's been years and my new warship is still not finished. Yet, they have ten thousand of them just to protect their capital planets." Felix smiled wryly.

He never thought that he would feel poor when compared to others again, but reality proved him wrong.

He was earning trillions of coins for each game, while most of the revenue from all the games hosted in the alliance went to the pockets of the top ten rulers.

After all, the alliance ranks decide the revenue split in most of the alliance's free projects.

"Well, I wanted to avoid restoring to this, but they are asking for it." Felix swiftly switched his focus to the wisp of consciousness inside Nimo's mind.

The moment he opened his eyes, he found everyone was split into squads with their officials sitting on seperate tables from each other.

They were clearly communicating about the war, keeping themselves instantly updated on anything arising.

This was hugely beneficial in such a large scaled war and only the void race was capable of doing it due to being alive when the Great Kraken shared the secrets to his ability, *One soul, many Lives*.

With their extraordinary mental fortitude, they learned it with time just like the rest of primogenitors!

"Candace, I want you to go public and speak on my behalf." Felix said while sitting on his throne with Nimo on his lap.

"Is it to make the threat?" Candace frowned, "It's really sooner than we anticipated."

"Well, we can't be exhausting our voidlings armies on needless confrontations." Felix stated calmly.

Although the void nation had gathered over tens of billions of voidlings in the past seven years from many galaxies, Felix wasn't comfortable with the thought of wasting them wantonly.

Even when his Wrathful Creators were constantly birthing them.

"It's time to show the alliance how merciful we have been acting and what will happen if they pushed our patience too far." Felix said coldly.

...

At the top of the stairway to the heavens in the UVR, the ten rulers of the alliance were seen sitting on their thrones above tall platforms, making them resemble overreaching gods.

At the bottom of this eternal staircase, hopeless and desperate people from all kinds of races were seen trying their very best to climb it and reach those leaders for the sake of having their fate turned around.

Sadly for them, the ten rulers neither had any idea about their existence nor cared about their problems.

They had hot issues on their plate to discuss, and the current alliance invasion was at the top.

"This is the first universal invasion we are facing from an outsider race...They are coming at us strong." High Chieftain Lokaka spoke with a sonorous voice while coiling around his chair akin to a serpent capturing a prey.

"I always knew that there were a many intelligent void creatures among us, but I had no idea they were this many." Emperor Lokhil frowned, "This is really concerning."

If it wasn't for the primogenitors speaking about them, they wouldn't have even known about their existence in the first place.

Unfortunately, primogenitors didn't genuinely care too much about such mortally matters, making them keep a good deal of key information about the void race to themselves.

If it wasn't for so, Arthur's identity would have been exposed years ago.

"What I am wondering about is why did they target the vampires, gremlins, and astrians that heavily?" King Arthur inquired with a solemn tone, "Do you think that maybe they have enmity with them alone, and they aren't interested in having a war with us as well?"

"It must be." Queen Allura backed him, "Otherwise, they would have taken their assassination opportunity to kill any one of us."

"That's true."

"I thought so as well."

In the eyes of other rulers, He was bringing legit points without any hidden motives.

But in reality? King Arthur was shamelessly taking advantage of his identity to steer the conversation to his nation's favor! 

"So, are you saying that we should sit and watch as three members of our inner circle get chased out of their homes?" Queen Alfreda knitted her eyebrows in displeasure.

"I am just stating the obvious." King Arthur held his ground composedly, "What we do next is up to all of us."

Just as Queen Alfreda was about to reply, her expression turned grim like she heard that an uncurable plague had hit her family.

Without delay, Queen Alfreda displayed a humongous hologram in front of everyone.

It was showing the mesmerizing and bewitching Candace in a bit of a slutty dress streaming live in the most popular streaming site in the network!

She had just started streaming for merely a minute, yet there were a hundred billion viewers watching live and the numbers were increasing by the billions each second!

Yet, those rulers didn't care at all about alluring beauty, which clearly had enchanted most of the thirsty viewers in the chat room.

They focused on the words coming out of her cherry lips.

"The Void Nation has no affair with the rest of the alliance. If you still attempt to interfere in our business with the Darkin faction, you will be leaving us with no other option but to get heavy-handed." Candace stated calmly.

"Who is this?" Elder Dragon asked indifferently as he rested his head on his hand.

"I have been told that she is the spokesperson of the Void Nation." Queen Alfreda shared.

"I see..." Elder Dragon waved his hand nonchalantly for them to carry on their discussion.

"Does she really thinks we will be faltering because of a single threat?" King Arthur mocked, "No matter how many voidlings they have, they can't stop all of our forces."

"They can't, but they can still paralyze our forces if they decided to flood their voidlings armies from within our planets." Empress Emily reasoned monotonously.

As the empress of the metal race, she probably already analyzed all possible scenarios before she even opened her mouth.

"You might consider us to be monsters, but we are extremely merciful. If we were as diabolical as most of you believe, we would have started the war like this."CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Before anyone could react to Empress Emily's chilling conclusion, Candace proved her point with a simple virtual demonstration.

It showed peaceful lively cities with tons of citizens populating them.

Then, out of nowhere, hundreds of gigantic void rifts opened in the streets, in buildings, in the sky, and even under the streets!

Next, millions of nightmarish void creatures flooded those cities from every single direction, spreading terror throughout every single corner! 

Every single viewer went completely silent as they watched those nightmarish void creatures devouring men, women, children, buildings, and anything with a hint of substance to it...

The scariest part? The soldiers and other defensive countermeasures couldn't be used against them since those void creatures were mixed in with the people!

It was simply a free for all feast for those voidlings and no one could do anything about it without endangering the lives of the citizens!! 

This traumatizing sight made even the backs of some of those leaders to feel damp and cold, finally receiving a wake up call at the true danger of the Void Nation!!!

"See? Aren't we good people?" Candace smiled kindly, "We gave you a warning when we sent our armies outside your planets when we can easily bypass all of your defenses anytime we desire."

"So, are you going to test our patience and kindness, or are you going to sit this one out and let us handle our business with our enemies?" Candace tapped her AP bracelet and displayed her contact information, "You have twenty-four hours to make a decision, call me if you have any questions."

"Bye bye."

Candace stayed true to her nature and blew a bewitching kiss at the camera before signing off.

Only this time, even the thirsty viewers merely felt their blood turn cold at her playfulness after realizing that their lives were at the hands of this woman!

[If our leaders ignored her threat, doesn't this mean a void creature can emerge right next to my bed at any second?]

[F*ck this, I am leaving with my family to hide in less populated planet!]

[Oh god, oh god, oh god, this is so scary! How did we even make such enemies?]

[I ain't putting my life in the hands of those greedy bastards! I'm getting as far as possible from my home!]

Even though the stream was shut down, the chat rooms were exploding with negative comments!

Everyone was scared sh*tless when they were finally reminded that the Void Nation could easily kill them whenever they desired!

When this stream went even more viral and started popping off on everyone's feed for the next couple of minutes, a new level of hysteria and chaos was created in even untargeted planets!!

Almost everyone dropped whatever they were doing and started packing their stuff to completely ditch their planets or just their cities!

When it came to life and death decisions, it was only natural to feel more safe with your own decision than allowing a government handle it...Especially, when you never trusted them with anything in the first place!