Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"God damn it! How can we salvage this situation and turn it to our favor?" King Arthur cursed furiously as he displayed many holographic streams of the ongoing chaos in his empire's cities.

'Good, good, good, feel even more hopeless and falter to our pressure!'

He grinned widely with his own main consciousness as he watched his peers' faces turn a bit ugly at the chaotic sight in his cities.

He was really a master when it comes to emotions as he was feeling completely two opposite emotions with two different consciousnesses, making it impossible for Queen Ai to find out about his truth!

"We have to call her for negotiation." Queen Alfreda stated with a solemn tone, "They have given us an entire day to come up with a decision because they knew that the longer we prolong this, the more chaos will arise in our cities."

"In the end, they won't even need to do anything and let our citizens fight each other over escaping the planet."

Her reasoning was spot on!

Felix understood that in war, it was much easier to turn the people on their governments if the right conditions were met.

By giving them an entire day, everyone would be pressuring their own governments and monarchies to give up on participating in this war for the sake of saving themselves.

After all, the safety of those three races meant absolutely nothing to them when their own safety was put in the crossfire.

"I refuse to bow down to anyone." Elder Dragon declared coldly, "I dare them to release those voidlings in my cities."

"Easier for you to say when most of your cities are populated by slaves and workers." Queen Allura narrowed her eyes, "Clearly, you have no issues with sacrificing them for your pride."

It was quite true since all dragons were capable of taking care of themselves in case of a internal void invasion.

Since all of them couldn't care less about the lives of their workers and slaves, the Void Nation's threat fell on deaf ears.

"I am in favor of accepting their deal..."

Empress Scarlet shared with a peaceful hypnotic voice that echoed in everyone's ears three times, reaching the depth of their souls.

As the mother of the Hive Race and possessor of the second-strongest army in the universe, her say in the meeting carried a lot of weight.

"Really Scar? Really?" Elder Dragon eyed Empress Scarlet with a displeased expression.

"I apologize, but I would rather not be an enemy of a race capable of opening void rifts in my babies chamber and slaughter them anytime they desired." Empress Scarlet remarked softly, "I can accept anything from this alliance but endangering my babies..."

With Empress Scarlet current appearence that resembled a beautiful humaniod honeybee Queen, it didn't seem like she could be giving birth to many babies.

But in reality? Empress Scarlet's true appearence in the real world would make anyone scared shitless as her size toppled hundreds of kilometers!

She was laying millions of eggs with all types of intelligent hive insects each minute! Her main priority and duty was nursing those eggs until they hatch.

So, her motherly instincts forbid her from doing anything that would endanger her eggs, which would in turn endanger the longevity of her race.

After all, the hive race had the shortest lifespan compared to most races.

Just as Elder Dragon was going to add another input, King Arthur swiftly interjected, "How about we reach out to them first before making any rash decisions? Since they haven't started killing anyone wantonly, it implies that they might have interest to join the alliance as their end goal."

When they heard so, everyone had a slight change of expression...It was a positive change.

"You might be right." Queen Allura asserted, "If we get them to join us, it will be a massive boost to our strength as an alliance."

"Don't forget their abilities to travel through the void realm." Emperor Lokhil rubbed his beard, "They will be a great addition in the transportation system."

"It's not really the worst idea." Even Queen Alfreda thought about it carefully, "We can hire their services to clear up the voidlings attacking our galaxies and other cosmic dangerous entities by expelling them in the void realm."

"You guys really have gone mad!" High Chieftain Lokaka reproached with a disgruntled tone, "They clearly wants to destroy three important members of our alliance! What will other members think of us if we allow this to happen?"

"Heh, like you care about their opinions." King Arthur sneered, "You are just opposing this because you're afraid that your race will lose monopoly on the transportation system if they joined us."

"How dare you accuse me of such thing!" High Chieftain Lokaka fumed.

Unfortunately, the other rulers were smart enough to reach the same conclusion as King Arthur...So, they didn't take his morally stance seriously.

"You can argue all you wants, I'm calling her right now." Queen Alfreda swiftly dialed the contact information of Candace.

After a couple of rings, the call was picked up and Candace's bewitching face was in front of everyone.

"Greetings leaders of the free universe...Looks like those old fogies aren't interested in taking part in this?" Candace smiled charmingly as she scanned the faces of all nine rulers.

"There is no need for them to get involved in such a small matter." Minister Aquiris replied with a gruff stern tone.

Unlike most heavenly turtles that Felix had met, Minister Aquiris had real signs of aging on his face, making him resemble an aged turtle, who experienced myriad of events in his life.

"Small matter or big matter will be decided after twenty-four hours." Candace stressed casually.

"Is that so?" High Chieftain Lokaka growled from the depth of his throat while giving Candace a death stare.

Before things could get sidetracked for the worst, Queen Allura mentioned with a faint polite smile, "You said that you are the spokesperson of the Void Nation. Doesn't that mean you have a leader? Why isn't he the one talking to us?"

"He is on a sick leave." Candace brushed off her question and asked, "Do you have any other questions?"

Since she didn't seem interested in talking about the leader, the rulers could only move on even though this didn't please them one bit.

Especially Elder Dragon as he felt his pride pinched by the thought of being forced to address the spokesperson instead of the leader.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

But, he kept his displeasure within and listened to their discussion with a cold stare.

"I want to know why are you targeting the vampires, astrians, and gremlins." Queen Alfreda inquired.

"Let's say they have wronged us." Candace answered without giving any explicit details.

This irritated the rulers since they couldn't reach out to those races leaders and get the real truth.

After all, the three races had all of their upper authority figures wiped out, leaving only the gremlin's king alive.

But, they were unable to contact him any time soon as he was amidst an active invasion and had no time to talk to anyone.

"Are you seeking to slaughter them all or what?" King Arthur asked.

"We're not such monsters." Candace smiled, "As long as they surrender and hand off their territories to us, we will end this war without any other fatalities."

This news pleased some rulers and irritated others.

'What do you guys think?'

'If we can convince our members to surrender peacefully and give them refuge in our territories, everyone will get out of this victorious.' King Arthur suggested telepathically, 'No one will die needlessly, and we can use this opportunity to force them to join the alliance.'

In terms of rationality, this was the smartest and most beneficial decision to make for the alliance as a whole.

They literally had nothing to lose and everything to gain.

The only ones losing would be Darkin faction races, but no one really cared that much about them when the situation had already developed to this point.

'You forgot that all of those three races have primogenitors behind them.' Minister Aquiris stated calmly, 'I doubt they will allow their races to go extinct or surrender to anyone even if we wanted this to work out this way.'

'That's true.' King Arthur acted like he was in a deep thought process before adding, 'Well, if they would rather not surrender, it's not really our fault, is it now? We also have our people we need to protect at all cost. I don't know about you guys, but I refuse to sacrifice probably billions of civilians for the sake of another race even if they were a member of the alliance.'

'I believe so as well.' Queen Allura shook her head, 'My sisters can't protect themselves and I know that if my cities got invaded in that manner, we will be losing millions of witches.'

'Neither can I afford such a loss nor the alliance, and you know it.'