Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Emperor Lokhil felt the same, knowing that as a pure utilitarian race, they would end up emerging from this war with the most fatalities compared to the dragons, space worms, heavenly turtles, and such.

So, it was in his biggest interest to make this deal happen at all costs.

'As much as I hate to admit it, I have to say that this enemy really makes all of our defensive measures obsolete.' Queen Alfreda sighed, 'I am not too scared of them since we live on mother's tree body, and she can easily kill anyone she desired if they threatened her body. But, we can't afford to put our witches, dwarves, sages, and other utility races in such a grave danger.'

'The entire economic system of the alliance would collapse and everything else would fall after it shortly, making us get hit with the worst recession period in history.'

'That's true.' 

Those three races might not be able to fight, but they were the backbone of the alliance's economy. After all, potions, artifacts, and even scrolls were being utilized on daily basis by almost everyone.

Since each field touches upon hundreds of other areas, if it fell it would bring with it everything like a domino effect.

For example: without potion making, beast hunters occupation and its market would take a massive hit as well as the cultivation plants for common and rare materials...Even explorers seeking those materials in the wilderness would be reduced immensely since the demand for them would hit rock bottom.

'Let's ask her first if they are genuinely interested in joining the alliance.' King Arthur said, still taking the lead of the conversation to always keep it in the Void Nation's favor.

"You want us to stay outside this war, but you have to give us more than just a threat." Queen Alfreda said with a solemn tone, "What will guarantee us that you won't target other members when you deal with your current targets?"

"Fair point." Candace smiled, "What do you suggest then?"

Queen Alfreda looked at the others before proposing, "We want your nation to join the alliance and be operated at the same rules as all of us."

"Hmmm, we don't like being tied with your rules." Candace frowned, "So, unless you are offering more than that, I am afraid I will have to decline in the name of the Void Nation."

Felix might have told Candace to prioritize joining the alliance, but she wasn't dumb to accept the first offer they propose...In her eyes, they weren't the ones desperate to join the alliance, the alliance should be desperate to include them for their own long-term safety.

After all, even if this war didn't go well for the Void Nation, the rest of the alliance would still feel at edge for the rest of their lives after being shown what they were capable off.

Queen Alfreda, Queen Allura, and the rest knew this damn well. The only ones uncaring about this were Elder Dragon and High Chieftain Lokaka.

Even Empress Emily believed that the most rational and beneficial decision for her race was having the Void Nation join them.

After all, she wanted her race to focus on seeking the truth of the universe instead of worrying about void creatures creeping up on them at any given moment.

"What you do guys want from the alliance then?" Queen Allura tested the waters.

"First, we feel like with our strength, capablities, and even utilities provided, we deserve to have a spot in the top ten rulers." Candace smiled, "Don't you think so as well?"

"Absolutely preposterous!" High Chieftain Lokaka snapped furiously, "You think we are giving out ranks like some sort of candy? The only way to earn a spot is by possessing enough SGPoints! There are no shortcuts!"

In other words, the Void Nation would need to climb the alliance ranks just like everyone else by providing contributions or fighting in the racial games to earn more SGPoints.

Candace knew that if they took this path, it would take them decades if not more of effort to finally replace the lowest ranked race in top ten.

"No shortcuts?" Candace giggled in amusement, "I may not be too familiar with the alliance rules, but it doesn't mean that I am uneducated."

"What are you talking about?"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I am talking about rule number thirty-three, section Race Ranks, in the book of SGAlliance rules." Candace shared with a casual tone, "It states that in case of an approved war breaking out between two or more races in the alliance, the winner will be promoted to the highest rank between the parties involved."

"Since the vampires are ranked in top nineteen, gremlins in top twenty-three, and lastly astrians in top thirteen, my nation would replace the astrians." Candace blinked, "Isn't that a shortcut?"

High Chieftain Lokaka might have a worm face with just antennas and a mouth, but it still got twisted in resentment after his bluff got called out.

Still, he swiftly got control over his emotions and fired back, "Unless you are blind, the rule clearly state that parties involved needs to be in the alliance for it to be applied."

"I know, that's why you will be having a motion to reform that rule to include also parties not in the alliance." Candace smiled, "I believe such rules can be changed if the majority of the races in the inner circle of the alliance voted in favor."

"You!" High Chieftain Lokaka was left tongue-tied at the realization that Candace wasn't here to fuck around, no matter how slutty she looked.

Felix didn't choose her as the spokesperson just due to his trust, he knew that she was a serious person, who absolutely disliked being taken advantage off.

So, she had already read and gone through everything to ensure that the Void Nation would come out of this meeting without being ripped off!

"Convincing the inner circle to make such amends for the race attacking three of their peers isn't going to easy." Queen Alfreda mentioned.

"Oh, just tell them that whoever didn't approve will be paid a visit by us." Candace smiled kindly, "I believe that none of them will rebel against the decision anymore."

'Well, she has a point...If they truly took down those three races simultaneously, no one in the inner circle will be brave enough to offer themselves next even if they were disgruntled.' King Arthur supported.

'That's true.'

'Plus, giving them thirteen rank isn't so bad.' 

'How isn't it bad?' High Chieftain Lokaka reproached, 'It's three ranks away from replacing the sage race! I am certain that with their strength and utilities, they will replace them eventually with a bit of effort.'

'That's true as well.' Queen Allura asked as she eyed King Arthur, 'Are you really okay with this?'

Everyone turned to stare at King Arthur, knowing that none of them would be fine with losing their ruling position to anyone...Even if it meant going into war with the void nation.

Seeing everyone's eyes on him, King Arthur smiled bitterly and said, 'I am obviously not okay with this. But, is there any other solution besides going into war with them?'

No one said anything.

'If it was any other enemy, I wouldn't have batted an eye to suggest we fight to the death, but...' King Arthur sighed helplessly, 'Their ability to bypass all of our defensive measures and kill anyone they desire is already scary enough for me. Don't even mention their ability to flood our cities with their monsters.'

'So, if the only way to protect my race and everyone else from those abominations is by risking my ruling position, I am fine with it...I really am' King Arthur reassured with a soft smile, appearing like a soldier about to sacrifice himself for his squad...

'This snake is really on another level.' Asna couldn't help but roll her eyes as she watched this meeting with Felix through Candace's consciousness link.

'That's why he is the councilman of the imitators.' Felix chuckled, 'Not even Elder Dragon can find a single ounce of deceit in his face or tone...He is that good.'