The rulers glanced at each other for a few moments at the end of the video, seeming like they all shared the same thought.

'Did he record this video just now or before the start of the war?' 

If the answer was the latter, it entailed the terrifying truth that the Void Nation had planned almost everything and accounted even to their reaction and proposed conditions!

'If he has such an extraordinary foresight, he really must be someone special.' Queen Alfreda remarked with a solemn tone.

'It doesn't surprise me.' Empress Emily interjected expressionlessly, 'If the leader wasn't a great and fearful figure, the void race would have never united under his rulership.'

'That's true.'

Before they could dive deeper into this discussion, Candace stated calmly, "We are waiting."

Candace wasn't worried that the alliance would pull back and leave Felix to be bound by the oath. She knew that it only worked if both parities made it.

Though, she was worried about something occurring at this moment that could ruin their deal if they delayed it any further.

"I will start." King Arthur swiftly took the same oath as Felix before his partners could say anything.

When he was done, the others were left with no choice but to stay to their word and do the same...Even High Chieftain Lokaka took the oath while he was still displeased by this cooperation.

"Good, how about the remaining two?" Candace asked with a satisfied smile.

"You don't have to worry about neither of them." Queen Alfreda clarified, "The Watchers aren't interested in such matters while Elder Dragon had stated that he wouldn't be bothering himself anymore with this war...He always stays to his word."

"That's good enough for us." Candace added, "You will be responsible over updating the rest of the inner circle races."

"You should retract your threat publicly as quickly as possible." Queen Allura stressed.

"Will do." Candace winked at everyone and wished, "Let's work hard for a better future."

"I really wish you weren't saying this while amidst a war with our members." King Arthur smiled wryly.

"Well, there can never be a perfect situation...Bye bye!" Candace blew a kiss to King Arthur and hung up the call.

After she left, High Chieftain Lokaka remarked with an annoyed tone, "I am still against this and I have a firm belief that you will regret this decision in the future."

Without waiting for their response, he exited the council.

The others didn't mind his words much, knowing that what's done was done.

There was no point in thinking too much about what this decision would lead to in the future when their hands were pretty much tied to accept it either ways.

"They are at least somewhat sincere in their actions." Queen Allura mumured as she displayed a new stream of Candace.

This time, the moment she went live, almost ten trillion viewers received notification and joined the stream instantly!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Candace stated with her usual charming smile, "After noticing that many innocent civilians are suffering from the chaos arising in their cities, we realized that we couldn't do this anymore."

"We are going to find other ways to pressure the alliance to stay out of our war without endangering and affecting the civilians lives, who had nothing to do with this."𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"What I am trying to say..." Candace shared with the most sincere and softest tone she could muster, "You guys don't need to leave your homes anymore. We give you our words that not a single void creature is going to touch you, not now, not ever."

Immediately after hearing so, the chat rooms exploded with cheers and grateful messages flying all over the place directed at none other than the Candace and the Void Nation as a whole!

Some were even glorifying the Void Nation and calling them as the good guys while talking sh*t at the alliance for not having the same morality as them!

Who could blame them for feeling this way?

Just a short while ago, they were feeling like there was a judgement sword placed right besides their neck at every moment.

They were just immensely grateful that it was lifted off, not caring in the slightest that it was from the ones putting it in the first place.

When most rulers saw this, their eyebrows couldn't help but twitch in irritation.

"Those bastards really made themselves looks like saints while painting us as the villains." King Arthur cursed.

"It doesn't matter to me as long as my babies are safe." Empress Scarlet expressed softly.

"Me neither, come on, we have work to do." Queen Alfreda swiftly contacted all the leaders in the inner circle, wanting to update them on the situation.

Since Felix was the current approved representative of the human race as a whole, he was called as well instead of the Bardot or The Mariana Federation Councilmen.

"I guess it's my turn." Felix said with a serious tone as he eyed the invitation link while sitting next to Asna.

"You might get caught there, are you sure about going?" Asna asked.

"I am bound to get exposed eventually and get sued by them." Felix shrugged his shoulders, "Might as well be there to handle the situation on my own."

Felix knew that the only reason he wasn't finding a problem with the alliance in general was because Queen Ai had no right to report his transgressions when his actions represented the Void Nation instead of The Mariana Federation.

Since the Void Nation was an outsider force without any contractual duties to the alliance, his actions against the Darkin faction could be dealt with only if his enemies made a strong case with evidence to back it up.

Only then would the Queen Ai be allowed to punish Felix based on the rules. In this case, it would be with jail time instead of straightforward execution.

After all, Queen AI's executions could happen only if contracts were involved that enforced it.

All in all, everyone was free to behave as they desired without worrying about Queen Ai ratting on them, giving them complete freedom to do crime.

However, if they got caught and the evidence supported their crimes, Queen Ai would turn against them instantly based on the rules.

If the rules weren't like this, no one would dare to touch an AP bracelet in their lives since Queen Ai would turn into the police within everyone's heads.

Obviously, the upper echolone didn't want this since it affected them more than the commoners.

How could they do their corrupted work when they knew that Queen Ai could jail them immediately?

....

In a short while, the ten rulers council at the top of the heavenly staircase was turned into a assembly hall with tens of platforms arranged based on the current racial ranks.

Each platform had a giant emblem of the race painted on the front while their rank at the back. 

All of this was done to keep everyone on a united understanding that heirachy mattered the most in the alliance and everyone should strive to improve their rank.

If everyone worked hard, the alliance as a whole would benefit the most even if the ranks remained the same!

Soon, flashes of light kept occurring all over the assembly hall until most seats were filled...Even Felix had teleported in time to scout the situation beforehand.

'This is quite surreal to be honest...' Felix thought to himself as he eyed the kings and Queens of the top thirty races in the alliance.

There was The Werewolves King, The Pandion's High Honor, The Fishermen Queen and representative of the entire Marine Race, The Vulkans Lord, The Shadowborns Ruler, The Spider Kin's Princess, The Fog Crawlers' Emperor, The Fairies Matriarch, and more!

With the addition of the remaining eight rulers, this assembly was exhibiting such a massive authoritative pressure, commoners wouldn't dare to lift their heads in their presence!

Here he was Felix sitting at the twenty-fifth chair and representing the Human Race among the most respectful leaders of The Free Universe!

How could it not be surreal?

'If only the old me could see me now, he will honestly pass out in shock.' Felix chuckled to himself while sizing up those kings and Queens.