Almost everyone were also either sizing him up or keeping their eyes on the empty seats of the Darkin faction.

"How are you doing, Felix?" Fairy Matriarch asked with a friendly smile as she sat on top of Felix's shoulder.

"Never better. And you?" Felix smiled as he offered his finger for a handshake with the Fairy Matriarch.

'With the tear of the goddess you gave me, I have been feeling like a young fairy again.' Fairy Matriarch giggled happily while shaking Felix's finger with both of her small hands.

Her cute reaction caused Felix to feel warm inside since he never saw her at this size before.

The last time Felix met her in the fairies dimensional pocket, he had to drink their weird solution that reduced his size to match them.

'I have also been finding a lot more success only because of your amazing fairy ritual.' Felix likewise showed appreciation.

'I know, I have been watching you create trouble left and right.' Fairy Matriarch chuckled as she returned to sitting on his shoulder.

'Trouble? You have to see me at my final form.' Felix's eyelids twitched after imagining Fairy Matriarch's expression when she realized that he was the mastermind behind this universal war.

Before Fairy Matriarch could ask for more details, Queen Allura sent a telepathic message to both of them.

'Sorry about interruption, but I have to ask my little junior something.'

'Let's talk later.' 

Fairy Matriarch understood that she wanted a private discussion with Felix...So, she flew near his cheek and give him a friendly kiss before returning to her massive seat.

'Little brat, are you related to this war?' Queen Allura jumped right into the main subject.

'I have no idea what you are talking about.' Felix chuckled.

'Are you avoiding making me an accomplice by not telling me anything? Or you really have nothing to do with this?' Queen Allura narrowed her eyes at him.

'I really have nothing to do with this.'

Felix trusted that Queen Allura was on his side as she was his senior sister and knew that she had his back regardless of what.

However, he still refused talking about this subject to her since she was one of the ten rulers...Unlike him, her contract was much stricter than the one he signed with the Federation.

Felix was extremely intelligent back in the days to sign a contract that made him more or less just a councilor for the Mariana Federation instead of making himself the leader or even Emperor.

At that point, no one would have argued against him when he had tens of millions of voidlings behind him.

But Felix always knew that if he signed such a strict contract, it would confine him to the alliance forever since he would be a king and be subjected to new stricter rules for the services of the alliance.

Queen Allura, King Arthur, and the rest of the leaders were all under this strict contract, which made it impossible for them to even start small fights without having Queen Ai involved!

That's why King Arthur needed to tread on ice with being a double agent, forcing him to have complete control over thoughts and emotions at all the time.

Felix knew that if he told Queen Allura about the war, she would not have the same masterful control as King Arthur...Something that only psychopaths owned.

So, he might as well keep her in the dark as much as possible.

'You know that I can ask master about this.' Queen Allura said.

'Then do it.' Felix chuckled, knowing that Lady Sphinx had no intentions of playing a messenger between her students.

As he expected, Queen Allura didn't dare to ask Lady Sphinx about this, leaving her to read in peace within her consciousness space.

'You little punk, just wait until you visit the palace.' Queen Allura got annoyed, 'I will make sure to discipline you as your senior sister.'

'I can't wait.'

Just as Queen Allura was about to scold Felix for his continuing to speak back, King Arthur announced loudly, "We have waited enough...It's unfortunate, but it looks like even King Jaygat will not be joining us."

"So, what decision have you made with the Void Nation for them to back off on their initial threat?" Fishermen Queen Everley asked what was on everyone's mind.

Most of the public might have been fooled by Candace's b*llshit in the second livestream, but not them.

Queen Alfreda took it upon herself to update them on the entire deal with the Void Nation from A to Z.

Most were pleased with their decision while the rest felt that more could have been done...Still, no one completely spoke against it since they were also rational and ruthless enough to understand that their safety always comes first.

"So, as per with the conditions, we will reform the rule to add non-alliance members, so the void nation will be able to get the spoils of the war legally as well the astrian's rank?" The Werewolves King Treznor said while grinning from ear to ear, "I am completely fine with that."

As the mortal enemy of the vampires, he was at nine clouds with this whole war on going.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I don't understand why you are so happy." Shadowborns Ruler Hogan eyed him weirdly, "Aren't you worried about the Void Nation taking over the vampires' territory after the war?"

"Not so much." Werewolves King Treznor replied, "They will be getting two other galaxies as well from astrians and gremlins. With their low numbers, I firmly believe that they will be interested in making a deal with us to trade off the vampire's territory."

'He is right.' Felix smirked.

He had planned to hand off the vampires' territory to the werewolves for nothing but their eternal loyalty.

After all, werewolves and winterwolves were Fenrir's descendants...Felix would rather have them in his side just like their ancestor without ripping them off.

"I have a feeling that they might want to trade off other territories since two galaxies is just too big for them." Spider Kin's Princess Valerie added with a high-pitched voice.

When everyone heard so, greed almost manifested in a solid form from their eyes!

In this universe, deserted galaxies were everywhere, but no one cared about them as much as already civilized galaxies.

After all, they were mapped out and their foundation was already built in terms of transportation systems and such.

This implied that civilized territories were a hundred times more desirable...Don't even mention territories of such high ranked races!

Just as everyone was about to start a heated discussion on ripping off territories from the Void Nation, a sudden flash of light forced them to quieten down.

Everyone's first reaction was to glance at gremlins' seat, believing that it was King Jaygat...However, their eyes were forced to move just slightly to the right after realizing that the source of the light came from the Vampires' seat!

When the flash of light disappeared, everyone was left with stunned and aghast expressions!

'Impossible!!' Even Felix exclaimed loudly in disbelief while almost jumping from his seat.

Who could blame him for such reaction?

The newly arrived leader was none other than the breathtaking Duchess Alina!!!

She manifested before everyone while wearing the same dress when she died...It was completely stained with blood, making her resemble a true undead with her pale skin!

After Felix's eyes made contact with Duchess Alina's sunken eyes, she smiled creepily and said, "I am back..."

Felix rarely got scared, but this freakish unbelievable sight had truly sent chills down to his last spinal cord!