Ten minutes ago...Inside the invisible spaceship away from Liniliv.

The ten black medical pods cracked open slightly and emitted a burst of bloodish smoke...Then, it slid to the side and exposed ten naked pale beautiful vampires lying on unfilled pools of blood.

"Wake up." Manananggal ordered coldly.

Just like they received a verdict from god himself, all of them snapped their eyes wide open. Yet, there was a clear hint of disorientation and confusion in the way their eyes moved around.

Argh!! Argh!!...

In less than a second, all of them started howling in agony as they held their heads tightly after being assaulted by one of the nastiest headaches they ever experienced.

Some of them even started to flail around in the coffin-like medical pod, resembling fish on water.

Only Duchess Alina managed to stifle her scream a second later and go through the process with a stone-cold expression.

After a minute or so, the pain gradually eased up, and their beating brains had finally calmed down.

When it was over, Duchess Alina forced herself to sit up in the medical pod even though she felt like her entire body was made out of gummy bears.

"The process of revival hasn't finished yet." Manananggal ordered her, "Go back in the pool."

Duchess Alina did as she was told without making a peep.

After most of her memories were restored, she knew that her ancestor was extremely pissed off at her.

She guessed right!

"For you to die in such a disgraceful manner, I would have preferred to keep you dead." Manananggal stated frigidly while sitting in front of them.

Neither Duchess Alina nor the rest of the upper nobility dared to reply, knowing that their ancestor hated nothing more than excuses!

They knew that they would be courting death if they blamed some assassination on their ancestor. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

After all, it worked perfectly against them only because they were never worried about the Void Race making a move on them!

Their ancestors were the ones telling them that the void race were on their side and would never betray them due to the oath taken!

"So, just because I revived you, it doesn't mean that you are safe from death." Manananggal remarked, "If you dare disappoint me in this war, I will be the one finishing you off to avoid bringing me any more disgrace."

"Understood?"

"Yes!" 

Duchess Alina and the rest replied in unison even though they were still clueless about many matters related to their death.

The only reason they knew that the void race was responsible over their death was because the last thing they sensed was spatial disorder behind their backs.

Since space worms couldn't have attacked them, nothing much was left for imagination.

"I intended to wake you up after the complete revival process, but time can't be wasted anymore." Manananggal mentioned with a cold stare, "The Asgardian punk is taking advantage of our inability to interfere to manipulate the alliance. I need you to set the record straight before he gets his clutches on them."

Before Duchess Alina could ask for more information since everything sounded somewhat confusing, Manananggal transformed his fingers into tiny blood needles and instantly stabbed them in the foreheads.

Argh! Argh!!...

This set another wave of painful screams as everyone had their eyes rolled at the back of their heads while having a new set of foreign memories forcefully get placed in their brains!

This was an advanced blood ability called *Memory Bloodline Transferal* as it allowed Manananggal to pick whatever memories he wanted from his brain and store them into his bloodline before injecting it to the subjects.

After the process was over, Duchess Alina, Marquise Sebastian, and the rest of the upper nobility had no more confusion on their faces.

Only pure rage and fury after seeing their capital planet being on the verge of being devoured and the rest of the planets getting assaulted by many armies of void creatures.

What's worse, no one was there to lead against the whole invasion, forcing the vampires' commanders and governors on other planets to focus purely on their planets' survival!

"Landlord!!!"

Absolutely Livid, Marquise Sebastian bit his lips so hard they started bleeding as he envisioned the face of the main culprit.

Meanwhile, Duchess Alina buried all of her emotions deeply in her heart and requested with an expressionless tone, "May I receive an AP Bracelet?"

Manananggal threw ten AP Bracelets inside the coffins and returned to his seat, not bothering to say anything else.

Duchess Alina and the rest swiftly wore their AP Bracelets and got connected again with Queen Ai.

However, because they died, and they were now working with a new main consciousness, they were forced to go through identification process again.

Obviously, this meant that all of their upstanding contracts were voided automatically!

In other words, Duchess Alina wasn't the leader of the vampire race anymore or had any relation to the alliance!

Fortunately, they had placed countermeasures for such scenario.

"Ancestor, I need your help with restating me on the leading position." Duchess Alina requested.

Manananggal commanded Queen Ai to recover everyone's positions at once!

The countermeasure was simply giving Manananggal authority to place anyone in leadership without caring about democracy or the opinion of anyone!

Since Duchess Alina wrote those terms in the contracts, the alliance had no right to interfere in her race's matters.

'Are you certain?' Queen Ai asked for confirmation.

'Yes.'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Queen Ai manifested the same contracts, which Duchess Alina and the others had signed before their deaths.

They signed it instantly.

The moment they returned to their posts, all the reports of what's happening in their territories started popping in front of them akin to mushroom in the wild!

In less than a second, thousands of holograms floated in the area!

Duchess Alina ignored them all and focused on an invitation link to attend the inner circle assembly.

'This is held only when major decisions have been taken by the ten rulers.' Duchess Alina knitted her eyebrows as she eyed the link, having a very, very bad feeling.

Without letting emotions affect her, Duchess Alina started lying down orders.

"Sebastian, I want you to oversee the evacuation of the capital and see if there is any way to save it."

"Alfred, I need you to oversee damage control over Constellation Galicia."

"Donald, you will handle the Constellation Morra."

"The rest focus on leading our forces to save the remaining Constellations."

"Make sure to keep your revival on the low in the process."

Duchess Alina took a deep breath and stated, "I will be joining the inner circle assembly to get us as much help as possible from the alliance."

"On it!"

Everyone nodded with serious expressions and began their work from within the UVR.

After they departed, Duchess Alina was left alone with Manananggal.

"Solve this and know that surrender isn't an option."

Manananggal left only one statement before putting his wisp into a dormant state to reduce the mental energy required to feed it.

When he left, Duchess Alina kept eyeing the invitation link for more than five seconds before pressing it with a glacial expression as she envisioned Felix's face.

'I can also play dirty.'

...

Back To The Present...

"Duchess! You're still alive! How?!" Fishermen Queen Everley exclaimed, sharing her reaction out loud with everyone.

Even the two Empresses were somewhat taken aback by her appearence.

Unlike Felix, the ten rulers instantly received news from Queen Ai that confirmed Duchess Alina's death the moment her consciousness markings were severed permanently from the database!

So, her appearence was nothing short of a miracle for everyone's involved here!

Duchess Alina had no plans to go into details, but she still feed them with a juicy statement.

"How can I die when I am the descendant of The True Immortal?"

Everyone was left somewhat baffled by her proclamation as they had no clue if Duchess Alina managed to survive death on her own or her ancestor was involved.

'I knew everything was going too f*cking smoothly.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly at Duchess Alina.

If he had to guess, he had a strong feeling that Manananggal was responsible over Duchess Alina's return.

'It's him.' Lady Sphinx said, 'That little girl will never be able to revive on her own.'

'Doesn't it mean that bastard have advanced on his ultimate ability?' Thor cursed hatefully.

'It shouldn't be surprising.' Jörmungandr said, 'They had way more time to work on their ultimate abilities.'

"Before anyone could ask me anything, I only want to know one thing..."

Duchess Alina silenced everyone and suddenly pointed her finger at Arthur and at Felix. Then, she asked coldly, "Why have you invited an Imitator and the leader of the Void Nation?" 

"Imitator? Leader of the Void Nation?"

"What is she talking about?"

"Is she really pointing at Arthur? Did she suffer from brain damage?"

"Looks that way..."

From the eight rulers to the rest of the leaders, every one of them was left bewildered by her insane accusation!

They could understand her feeling that Felix must have something to do with this due to his past history with the void creatures, but Arthur?

No one could even process Arthur being part of the void race when he was a vital member in the alliance for eons!

'F*ck, deny everything!'

'You read my mind.'

Just as Arthur and Felix were about to deny her accusations and paint her as a lunatic, Duchess Alina made their attempts obsolete with a single statement!

"I am ready to swear an oath on all primogenitors that I am speaking the truth." Duchess Alina smiled coldly, "Are you daring enough to do the same?"