Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"This can't be..."

"Are those two really involved this deeply with the void race?! Dear goodness!"

Her statement made everyone take a deep breath to calm their turmoil emotions.

They understood one ironclad truth.

That was if someone dared to make an oath on all primogenitors, it meant that he was 1000% certain that it wouldn't backfire on him.

After all, he was involving the names of every single primogenitor, which entailed that if he got caught in his lie, only death awaited him!

'F*ck, she got us by the balls.' Arthur's expression turned a bit ugly as he observed his allies' looks change from trust to absolute wariness!

Even Felix could see that the situation was flipped on them as he was also receiving nasty glares.

Still, he had no plans to go down without a fight.

"Are you guys for real?" Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, "This is the first time I attend inner circle assembly and you guys show me this? Is this how you conduct your discussions and meetings? Instead of relying on evidence and hardcore facts, you use your ancestors names in vain for any issue arising? Absolutely distasteful!" 

"I apologize Sir Felix for this unsightly parade by my peers." Arthur backed Felix the moment he hardened his emotions. "I can attest that this never occurred before, and we always leave our ancestors out of such mortally matters."

Although they were getting reproached, the leaders understood that they were at fault here and shouldn't have been swayed so hard by Duchess Alina's proclamation.

Still, this didn't remove a single ounce of suspicion from Felix and Arthur.

"They are right." Queen Allura stated with a serious tone, "We require evidence to support your accusations. We only lean on oaths when all solutions had been restored without solving anything."

Most leaders nodded their heads in agreement and eyed Duchess Alina, hoping for at least one evidence to support her accusation.

"I won't lie, I don't have any evidence at the moment but the backing of my ancestor." Duchess Alina defended herself with a composed expression, "After all, how could I get any evidence in such a short period of time? The war have just started, and it's too aggressive for us, forcing me to take such a dire countermeasure to avoid having the alliance fall to the manipulation of the Void Nation."

Everyone was smart enough to understand that if they were put in the same scenario, they would have also done the same as Duchess Alina.

How could they focus on seeking evidence when their people were being killed left and right at a such an insane rapid rate?

"Whether you believe me or not, I can only swear on it, and you are welcome to take it as you like."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Duchess Alina took the oath while giving Felix a death stare.

When everyone heard it and realized that wisps of consciousness of some their ancestors didn't react in their minds, there was nothing else to be discussed!

They didn't even need Felix or Arthur to swear as well, knowing that they wouldn't dare go for it if they appreciated their lives.

"Arthur! You traitorous f*cker! I can't believe we had a disgusting member of the void race in the leadership!"

"How did the ten rulers allow this to happen?! Are all of you guys imitators as well?!"

"This is really an upsetting matter that needs to be investigated thoroughly."

The inner circle leaders completely bashed on Arthur with the worst known curses available, feeling revolted just by the thought that a disgusting void creature being chummy with them for countless years!

The fact that he led an entire race didn't make their reaction any better!

"Arthur...How could you?" Emperor Lokhil sounded more hurt by Arthur's identity reveal than everyone else.

Although they were almost always at each other's throats due to their rivalry, Emperor Lokhil saw Arthur as one of his few equal friends.

Even the remaining rulers felt like they had been betrayed...It wasn't that unusual when they spent numerous years working together.

Only the two Empresses stayed unreactive, unbothered by the whole situation.

When Arthur noticed everyone's reaction to his exposure, he couldn't help but feel slightly hurt inside.

He always knew that his exposure wasn't going to be pretty, but no matter how he prepared himself, it still stung him deeply...

"All of you feel betrayed, but what did I do?" Arthur smiled bitterly, "Have I ever done anything that would harm the alliance's benefits? Even this deal with the Void Nation is going to benefit us in the long run."

"Everything I did is for the sake of the alliance's progress just like any one of you."

"So, just because I am an imitator, you forget all of my accomplishments and paint me as the big bad wolf?"

Arthur had absolutely no issues with being seen as a traitor due to his latest actions.

He could understand that.

However, he really felt his heart get punched by the thought of being seen as evil just because he was an imitator and part of the void race...

Who could blame him? Before this war even occurred and messed up his life, Arthur was responsible over the rise of his race to the top ten positions in the alliance and maintaining it for thousands of years!

God knows it was extremely difficult to achieve that when the only thing his race could provide was scrolls.

Never in his life did he consider harming the interest of his race or the alliance as he wished to live his life at the top like everyone else.

Yet, just because he was an imitator, they turned a blind eye to all of those accomplishments and hard work over the years in a split second...

"No matter how perfect an imitation is, I guess it will always stay just an imitation..." Arthur smiled softly as he leaned against his chair while still being showered by insults and curses.

No one cared about what he said to defend himself...In their eyes, nothing would ever remove the stigma of being born as a void creature.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Felix had absolutely no idea how to react when he saw that almost all the hate was directed at Arthur even though he was exposed as the leader of the Void Nation.

He always knew that void creatures were alienated, but he never thought that it would be by this much.

'Even when he busted his ass off for a race that doesn't belong to him, an alliance that doesn't welcome him, he still didn't receive a single comment on his side.' Felix shook his head with a disappointed look as he listened to everyone's barrage on Arthur.

Arthur did nothing but keep his head lowered and take it in silence.

'I guess there is no point in keeping up a front anymore.' Felix suddenly switched to an apathetic and icy expression while crossing his arms on his chest.

Without an ounce of hesitation, he called out loud with a frigid tone, "If you have something to say to my councilman, address me."