Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Upon hearing so, everyone switched their focus back to Felix.

"Your councilman? I guess you really are the Void Nation's leader." Minister Aquiris frowned, "No wonder you were able to control void creatures at that time...You aren't a human in the first place!"

"I always knew that something was weird about him." The Pandions' High Honor stated while fiddling with bracelet of beads in his hand.

"Stop with such nonsense." Queen Allura defended Felix with a stern voice, "I don't know much about him being the Void Nation's leader, but no one can be serious to argue about his race!"

"If he wasn't a human, the primogenitors would have been the first to know and stop addressing him as such!"

When the primogenitors were brought up, no one was able to retort against her.

They knew that primogenitors might not care about their matters, but they wouldn't lie about Felix's identity just to help him out.

"Human or not, this isn't the focal point." Duchess Alina steered the conversation to what matters, "He is the Void Nation's leader and the culprit behind this war and my assassination. The last place he should be is here."

Duchess Alina was implying that Felix should be kicked out right away and have elite squads hunt him down.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

After all, Felix had already somewhat confessed to his identity.

"It's not that easy anymore." Empress Emily replied expressionlessly, "Void Nation's leader or not, we have an oath between us that needs to be delivered first."

"Oath? What have you done?" Duchess Alina's heart skipped a beat.

"Too bad, you were a bit late." Felix answered her while having one leg above the other, "My nation has already tied the knot with the alliance and as long as the ten rulers want to avoid suffering from the primogenitors' wrath, they are forced to abide by those conditions."

Felix displayed the conditions with a massive hologram right in front of Duchess Alina to rub it in her face.

When she read the conditions and realized that the ten rulers had already given up on them and signed a deal to replace them with the Void Nation, she felt like the world was collapsing on her!

"It can't be...Not even two hours passed by and you already gave up on us?"

Even when Candace made the second stream and Duchess Alina saw it through Manananggal's memories, she was still under the impression that the Void Nation were in negotiation phase.

That's why she rushed to this inner circle assembly, believing that the final verdict would be held after a thorough discussion with everyone.

Alas...She thoroughly forgot that the ten rulers almost never included anyone outside their elite group on such major decisions.

When Felix noticed that everyone was displaying hints of guilt as they eyed Duchess Alina's devastated expression, he couldn't help but break out in mocking laughter!

"What are you laughing at brat?" The Vulkans' Lord Azzen gave Felix a murderous stare...The bubbling hot lava visible in his protruding veins was clear indication of his fury.

He wasn't the only one pissed off as everyone felt like they had been played and yet still getting mocked for it.

"You know that we haven't taken that oath." Fishermen Queen Everley remarked frigidly, "The ten rulers are obliged to respect the deal because of it, but we are free to do as we please."

When Duchess Alina heard so, she felt like her heart was pulled back from the abyss!

She knew that the Darkin faction had lost the support of the ten rulers since the oath applied for each race...That's why all the rulers had to take it.

However, they couldn't use the oath to control the alliance inner circle since there wasn't any contract between them!

In other words, the remaining inner circle members could be merely convinced and persuaded whether to join or stay out of this war!

Until this point, nothing was signed or swore upon in this assembly!

"So, unless you tell us what did you find so funny, you can be assured that my race will be involved in this war." Fishermen Queen Everley threatened, "It better be convincing."

"I am so sorry, but I wasn't laughing at you." Felix said as he chuckled, "I was laughing at the fact that Duchess Alina dares to paint herself as the victim here when she knows damn well why this war started in the first place."

"What do you mean?" Queen Alfreda asked with a serious tone after seeing Duchess Alina flinched for a split second.

"I think that everyone here believes that I have targeted the Darkin faction because I am a member of the Asgardian faction." Felix disclosed.

Majority nodded their heads in agreement...The moment Felix was associated with this war, everyone here was sharp enough to assume that it was faction related war.

It made the most sense.

'Is that bastard going to show the recordings of our conversation with those traitors?'

Wendigo predicted as he watched the ongoing drama with his partners through a consciousness link from Manananggal's wisp.

'This is bad.' Saurous frowned, 'If he exposed it to everyone, he will be giving them a strong reason to stay away from this war without an ounce of guilt.'

'Bad for our descendants but good for us.' Manananggal smiled cunningly, 'If he dares show such private conversation with the public without our permission, we will have the right to make a move on him.'

'You're right!' Saurous now wished for Felix to pull the trigger and expose them!

He didn't give a shit about his descendants getting massacred as long as he was provided an opportunity to get rid of Felix once and for all! 

"You see, I have a recording that shows my faction wasn't the main instigator of this war." Felix spoke confidently, "A recording showing that I am the actual victim and all of this was just a defensive retaliation."

"Then, stop beating around the bush and display it." Duchess Alina provoked coldly...She was clearly ordered by her ancestor to do this.

"Wouldn't you like that?" Felix sneered, "Unfortunately, the recordings show primogenitors, and I am a respectful figure who would never dare humiliate such great figures in the open."

"If only there is a medal to bullshit, you will be a golden medalist champion." Duchess Alina ridiculed.

It looked like even the leaders didn't believe in Felix. How could they when their trust level with him was on bare bottom?

"I may not showcase it, but since this assembly clearly doesn't require evidence and only honest oaths are needed, I don't see why I can't do the same." Felix smiled widely as he eyed Duchess Alina, whose expression turned green at his instant payback!

Just as Felix was about to take the oath, King Arthur interrupted with a faint smile, "My King, there is no need to stoop as low as her and take such sacred oath...We the Void Nation believes in imperial evidence."

'Hmm, what are you doing?' Felix frowned, having no clue that King Arthur would have interfered like this.

'An oath isn't enough to make the alliance completely cut ties with Darkin faction races.' Arthur smiled.

'Don't tell me?'

'I have already done it once and made them my mortal enemies...It won't matter much to do it again.'

Before Felix could reply, Arthur displayed the damning recordings of his first meeting with the three Darkin faction primogenitors before everyone!

The first sentence that Saurous made in the recording made those Kings and Queens have a drastic change of expression.

It was none other than, "We have grown a bit bored with the balanced status of the universe...We want you to start wars and break this balance."

Just this sentence alone was enough to make the alliance even consider of switching sides completely!!!