Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The recording kept playing, showing to everyone that the Darkin faction's primogenitors had absolutely no issues with throwing the entire alliance in chaos for the sake of killing a single person!

However, because it was said by the primogenitors, no one dared to voice their displeasure out loud.

Nevertheless, they all displayed looks filled with resentment and disapproval as they eyed Duchess Alina.

The guilt they felt over betraying the Darkin faction was rubbed off clean of their hearts and what replaced it was non-other than a burning grudge.

When the recording was over, black lines were seen covering Duchess Alina's forehead as she gave both Felix and Arthur a murderous glare.

"You have done it...You really have done it!" Duchess Alina stressed coldly as she eyed Felix, "My ancestor will not forgive you for this."

"Why are you ogling my King?" Arthur sneered, "I went against his orders and displayed the recording on my volition."

"So, if they want to punish someone, I am waiting for them in the void realm."

'He dares to challenge us publicly now?!' Saurous cursed hatefully, 'I am going to kill this f*cker!'

'Calm down.' Manananggal sighed, 'It's meaningless to waste our time on him when he is bound to have his main consciousness hiding in the void realm.'CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

'With his identity already exposed, he has nothing holding him back anymore.' Wendigo added.

Arthur indeed stopped worrying about the Darkin faction's primogenitors when he joined the Void Nation.

Now that his identity was compromised? There was nothing else to protect as he could create a new identity and keep his main consciousness protected in the void realm.

"You wouldn't dare do this on your own." Duchess Alina still hadn't given up on connecting Felix with the recording's exposure to buy an opportunity for her ancestor.

Alas...

"I can swear on it if you would like." Arthur ridiculed with a faint smirk.

"You!!" Duchess Alina gritted her teeth at his response, knowing that she couldn't fight back against it.

The moment she used an oath instead of providing evidence to make up her case, she opened a dam and those two didn't hesitate to take advantage of it!

'Arthur...You didn't have to go this far and keep provoking those three bastards.' Felix smiled bitterly, 'There are other ways to make our case without the recording.'

Felix's original plan was to mention his meeting with the primogenitors after taking the oath, so those leaders would be able to get confirmation and hopefully more details from their own ancestors.

All of this without exposing the recordings.

'I know.' Arthur admitted calmly, 'But, none of them would have been as affecting as the real recording.'

The rulers and other leaders' resentful reaction on Duchess Alina was enough proof.

Felix could only sigh and drop the subject.

"I still have no clue why am I being villainized." Duchess Alina fired her last shot in the barrel, "My race has nothing to do with this. My ancestor wanted to kill the humans, not me or the other innocent vampires."

Naturally, she wouldn't dare throw the blame on her ancestor without receiving his permission first.

Her excuse did make some sense since the recordings didn't show anything related to the Darkin faction's races.

So, the logical reaction was Felix taking this fight with the primogenitors not to their descendants.

Unfortunately, Felix had no intentions of letting her feign ignorance.

Without saying much, he displayed hundreds of holograms, showing classified recordings, documents, conversations, and the list goes on and on.

When the leaders dug their eyes on them, their expression couldn't help but return to icy again.

"You..." Duchess Alina felt utter despair when she realized that those holograms were evidence that the Darkin faction's races knew about the war years ago and were preparing for it!

If Arthur hadn't shown the recording beforehand, Duchess Alina could have easily defended herself that those classified fleet drills and such were to prepare for emergencies or such.

Alas...Even when the holograms never brought out the universal war or the void race, everyone here was intelligent enough to connect the dots.

"Do you have anything else to defend for yourself?" Queen Alfreda remarked nonchalantly as she eyed the silent Duchess Alina.

"I am done talking."

Finally, Duchess Alina gave up on trying to win back the alliance to her side.

"I believe we have seen enough." Queen Allura interjected with a stern tone, "I will file a motion to change the rule number thirty-three, section Race Ranks." 

"If you agree to allow a non-alliance member to enjoy the war spoils legally, raise your hand in favor."

Felix, Arthur, Queen Allura, Fairy Matriarch, and Werewolves King were the first to raise their hands...Following them, the remaining seven rulers raised them as well, knowing that they had no choice in this.

"I concur." Fishermen Queen Everley voted in favor too.

Just like viewing a live avalanche, Duchess Alina watched without a single blink as her own partners and allies raise their hands one by one.

None of them had an ounce of sympathy or guilt in their expression as they voted to doom her race. 

"The voting process is over." Queen Ai announced monotonously, "With twenty-three parties in favor, one party against, and six parties abstaining, I hereby declare that the rule has been approved for an immediate change."

Vrr Vrr! Vrr Vrr!...

Everyone's AP Bracelets started vibrating after receiving an immediate emergency notification by Queen Ai, which highlighted this rule change.

This notification was sent to only the leaders of nations in the alliance...When they read it, their immediate conclusion was that the alliance had struck a deal with the Void Nation.

"This isn't over! We are never going to surrender or falter!" Duchess Alina stared daggers in direction of Felix after accepting her fate.

"Good, it would have been boring if you just rolled over." Felix replied coldly.

Felix might have said so, but he really hoped that those bastards would surrender as he would rather not have too many civilians deaths on his hands...But, he knew that if she showed this, they would take advantage of his mercy.

"We will see who will be rolling over at the end."

With this final omnibus statement, Duchess Alina resigned from the assembly.

"Hey brat, if you need fleets, troops, or anything to help you out, just ask." Werewolves King Treznor requested while hitting his chest hairy chest, clearly in favor of how things had developed.

"Much appreciated, but my armies doesn't seperate friends from foes." Felix clarified his rejection.

"I see...Well, the offer still stands if you found yourself in a pickle." Werewolves King Treznor stressed frigidly, "I wouldn't mind dealing with voidlings if it meant the death of the vampire race."

From everyone here, the werewolves were the only race capable of participating in this war without any legal repercussion.

That's because they had an open warfare with the vampires, enabling them to fight each other at any given moment outside the alliance's system.

"I will keep it in mind." Felix stood up and then said with a grateful tone while looking at everyone, "Thank you all for your support and I hope we can have a great partnership when this war is over. Contact me if you have an inquiry."

"Boy, you better sit down." Queen Alfreda's eyelids twitched after realizing that Felix planned to escape.

"We have yet to discuss what we will do with your councilman as well as your true relation with the void race."

"Arthur can handle himself." Felix smiled faintly, "As for my relation to the void race...Well, It's none of your business."

Felix waved his hand politely at Fairy Matriarch and Queen Allura before resigning from the assembly, not caring about Queen Alfreda's displeased look.

He got what he came for, and he had no plans of remaining there and get interrogated...He didn't even let primogenitors do that in their council.

"Now that my King has left, how do you want to solve my situation?" Arthur smirked coldly, "Just to let you know, your previous insults have hurt me deeply, and it has affected my judgement by a considerable degree."

Upon hearing so, most leaders realized that Arthur might be an imitator, but he was still the Sages' King and had complete control over the scrolls market!!

Even with his identity being exposed, he still could cause major damages to the scrolls market and the alliance's economy as a whole before the alliance's squads get to him!

After all, there was no explicit clause in his contract that removed his duties as the king if he was found to be an imitator!

The methods to replace him was by either him giving up on his own volition or convincing the Sages Council to replace him.

"Arthur, don't do anything foolish that you might regret." Minister Aquairis said sternly, "Handover your post to the second in line peacefully and walk away."

"Your actions reflect the Void Nation now more than ever." Queen Alfreda stated calmly, "As you can see, no one really welcomes the Void Nation to join us...Don't make it any worse."

Well, besides Felix's allies and the werewolves King, the rest really had their hands tied on the matter and were forced to choose the lesser evil.

If it was really up to them, they would have kept things how it was before the war started.

"That's what I was planning to do before. As I have said, I always had the alliance's best interest in heart and would never do anything to harm it."

"But after seeing your reaction to my identity." Arthur narrowed his eyes coldly, "I have changed my mind."