Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"If we exit the alliance and attacked the human race, we will be considered as invaders." Duchess Alina shook her head, "Since the alliance already gave up on us, they wouldn't hesitate to take advantage of the opportunity to hasten our elimination."

The inner circle were forced to provide reinforcement if one of their allies was being attacked by outsiders.

The Void Nation used their insane pressure with their undefendable invasions to force the alliance to sit out of the war.

But, the Darkin faction had no such thing, which meant they would side with the human race.

"Still, this doesn't mean that we can't use the human race to our advantage." Duchess Alina smiled coldly after thinking of a diabolical plan.

However, since she couldn't say it or order her subordinates to pull it off without having Queen Ai snitch on her, she requested, "Ancestor, would you kindly help me with this?"

Understanding what she wanted, Manananggal read her thoughts and nodded with a faint smile, "Interesting plan, I will take care of it."

Duchess Alina and her subordinates were forced to not act upon the human race since they were considered as allies...However, Manananggal was outside the system!

As for breaking the council rules and intervening in the war? He naturally didn't give a sh*t about adhering to them genuinely.

As long as he didn't make a move personally on Felix or got caught intervening in the war, he had no issues with working in the shadows.

Vrr Vrr!

Abruptly, Duchess Alina received a call from Jaygat, the king of the Gremlins!

He appeared on the screen with a drained appearence like he was laboring for thirty days straight.

Without delay, she accepted it and asked with a tensed tone, "You finally got online. What took you so long?"

"What do you think?" Jaygat bellowed hatefully, "I was fighting for my life against those two void monsters, who kept assaulting my mind each time I dared to exit my darkness field."

He clearly was speaking about Meriam and Mammon, whose main weapons were mental attacks.

"How did you escape then?"

"I slowly stretched my darkness field to reach the atmosphere while I was keeping them occupied in the surface." King Jaygat narrated coldly, "In an instant, I teleported through my darkness field outside the planet's atmosphere and beamed my spaceship. Then, I escaped on it."

"So, you ditched your own planet and people?" Marquise Sebastian asked with a judging tone.

"Yes, do you have any problem with that?" King Jaygat gave him an icy gaze.

"He doesn't." Duchess Alina answered for Sebastian, knowing that it wasn't time for infighting.

"Tsk." Marquise clicked his tongue in criticism and remained silent.

He always knew that Gremlins didn't have much honor and patriotism for their race and had no issues with taking selfish measures if it benefited themselves more than their race...But, he didn't think that even their king wouldn't hesitate to ditch his people and planet when things got too rough for him.

As an upper noble vampire, it was too graceless.

Duchess Alina changed the subject by updating King Jaygat about everything that happened in his absence.

"So, we are on our own in this." King Jaygat frowned, "I don't like this, I think we should seek help from outer circle races by giving out incentives."

"That's a good idea." Duchess Alina raised an eyebrow in surprise.

She realized that only the inner circle alliance members had taken the Void Nation's deal since they were the ones forced to join this war.

The rest were free to act as they pleased and send as many troops as they desired!

Though, because they were part of the outer circle, naturally their war resources weren't as great as the inner circle.

Still, quantify could beat quality if used right!

"Though, if we want to make them go against the Void Nation, our incentives must push them to ignore their fear and reason." King Jaygat proposed calmly, "I believe only territories can move them."

"Putting parts of our territories for trade doesn't feel good, but if it meant getting rid of the Void Nation, I don't mind as much." Marquise Sebastian approved.

In his eyes, their territories would go to the Void Nation if they lost, so they might as well hand them out for military trades.

"Alright, Marquise Alfred send down orders to our foreign ambassadors and tell them to get as much help as possible while giving out as little as possible." Duchess Alina ordered.

"On it." Marquise Alfred exited the meeting immediately.

"How about the astrians?" King Jaygat inquired, "They lost all of their authoritative leaders and have no one to take command."

"I can only wish them good luck." Duchess Alina narrowed her eyes coldly, "I have no time to handle their problems when my race was still not in the clear."

"I thought the same." King Jaygat approved.

In their eyes, only when their war was settled could they provide help to the astrians. So, it all depended on if they could survive until then...

***

Five Days later....

Throughout the entire universe, almost everyone was watching the same three live streams while holding their breaths.

Those streams were showing the three capital planets of the Darkin faction's races from a distance. To be exact, they were showing only the visible tiny parts of those planets.

What was dominate in the screen were non-other than the three apocalyptic void abominations completely cover up those planets, resembling slimes devouring a piece of spherical candy.

"I am watching this with my own eyes, but I still can't believe that those historical planets will be erased from existence this easily..." One of the reporters on the live streams spoke with great emotions in his voice, "I don't dare imagine how vampires, gremlins, and astrians around the universe must be feeling right now..."

It wasn't hard to guess.

Capital planets were considered as the heart of every nation in this universe.

To see them being devoured live like they were mere food must make them feel nothing but absolute anguish like their hearts were the ones being devoured...

"The only silver lining from this is that the last batch of citizens have been evacuated successfully yesterday." The reporter added with a bitter smile, "Though, I have received news that some seniors refused to leave their homes and wanted to die in them."

Everyone in the chat streams wrote 'F' to pay respect for those stubborn geezers, who would rather die with their planet than ditch it.

"Don't you feel bad for them?" Asna asked while chewing popcorn as she watched the same streams next to Felix on the couch.

She saw that he had an indifferent expression after he heard the news.

"Feelings have no place in war." Felix remarked with a flat tone, "They took their own choice to die with their planet and I respect that. But, it doesn't mean that I am feeling guilty of it."

"You are turning colder and colder." Asna smiled sadistically while giving Felix a loving look, "I am proud of you."

Although only five days have passed, Felix had indeed turned colder...

It ought to happen when he kept hearing reports of the death toll each day from his councilmen.

In mere five days, The Void Nation had taken control over more than 35% territories of the Darkin faction's races.

In the process, they had destroyed well over hundred thousand fleets and killed off a significant number of soldiers, reaching up to ten millions at minimum...

They might be soldiers, but Felix knew that they had partners, children, friends, and families...With each death, he changed the lives of tens of people for the worst.

The cherry at the top was forcing those families to escape from their planets after their armies fell under the voidlings to avoid being eaten as well...

As much as Felix wanted to not admit it, he knew that many of those families ended up getting caught by the voidlings...

After all, no one but Nimo could control them, which meant they do not discriminate between soldiers and civilians.

So, how could Felix's heart not die slowly and turn icy?

He understood that he could either kill off those emotions or let them control him and end the war.

Unfortunately, ending the war without the Void Nation's victory wasn't an option anymore...𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"It's happening!" Asna exclaimed with an excited tone as she pointed at Liniliv.

When Felix switched his focus to it, he observed the planet getting completely hidden inside the World Eater's pitch-black body.

Just like Felix's stone-cold expression, there was no explosion, no noise, not even a reaction from the World Eater.

Just absolute dreadful silence as the pitch-black Symbiote slowly sent its tentacles towards the three nearby blood moons.

Such a sight made everyone feel uncomfortable as it resembled a monster wanting to eat the children after finishing their mother.

Duchess Alina, Marquise Sebastian, and every single vampire throughout the entire universe shared the same reaction.

Tears mixed with blood sliding down their cheeks as they watched this ongoing brutal scene with bloodshot eyes...

All of them knew that this image was going to be burnt down in their memories until the day they die...