"I will make you feel the same pain...I swear on my soul I will make you feel the same pain..." Duchess Alina kept repeating under her breath like some sort of mantra as she envisioned Felix's face next to the stream.

She knew that the planet's death was going to affect her badly, but she never thought it would be by this much...

This made her channel all of her grief and torment, then turn it into hatred pointed at no one but Felix!

It had created enough hatred that would last for eternity.

In less than thirty seconds, the other two planets had suffered from the same fate as Liniliv, causing the gremlins and astrians to accompany the vampire's in the anguish train.

Though, it was much worse for the astrians since they their planet was devoured by a Dreamer!

This made them watch their planet join thousands of other cosmic entities inside the pinkish translucent Dreamer's skin, and then get taken inside the void realm.

It was like a daylight kidnapping happening right in front of their eyes, and they could do nothing but weep and scream...

"Our wishes and prayers goes to our brothers and sisters." The reporter sighed, "No one deserves to go through this situation in his life. I really hope that the Void Nation won't do the same with the other planets."

"Turn it off, we have watched enough." Duchess Alina ordered frigidly, "Tell me the updates."

Marquise Alfred stood up and disclosed, "I have convinced Dragonlings, Goblins, Gnomes, Cat folk, Sylphs, and Kobolds to join our cause. The rest have either completely rejected me or told me they will think about it."

"That's it?" Duchess Alina frowned in displeasure, "Were our ambassadors stingy with their trades or are they just too scared of the Void Nation."

"It's the latter." Marquise Alfred added with a peculiar voice, "But, I was told by the ambassadors that those leaders were open to the idea of trading military support with territories at the start. However, they all changed their minds after they discussed things with their advisers."

"It wouldn't have been weird if not all of them reacted in the same manner." 

When she heard this, Duchess Alina's expression turned for the worst instantly after guessing what truly happened!

"Those advisers were either controlled by the Void Nation in the shadows or they were taking their identities like that bastard Arthur!" 

She was absolutely right in his guess!

The moment Duchess Alina sent Ambassadors to discuss with the leaders of those races, Felix had received the news from his spies planted there!

Since many of his Void Succubi, Djins, and Imitators had already established high leveled identities and authority within most alliance's races, it wasn't hard to use their influence in their favor!

"God damn it, they have reach everywhere!" Marquise Sebastian slammed the table angrily, knowing that they couldn't even expose those moles without upsetting those backgrounds.

After all, they had no evidence to support their claims.

"Let's not allow this get into us." Duchess Alina asked, "How many fleets did we get from the others?"Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"In total, well over twenty thousand warships with a modest model and almost twenty mother battalions."

"It should be enough to reinforce our troops for a while." Duchess Alina sighed, not too pleased with the numbers.

If they had backup from the alliance, this war would have gone in a drastically different direction since just the metal race alone could provide them with fleets a hundred times more dangerous than even those voidlings.

Alas, she could only suck it up and find another way to win this war...

"I know that you are placing your hopes on that plan, but have you considered my suggestion?" Jaygat interjected.

"I still don't think it's going to work." Duchess Alina shook her head, "If I was in place of that bastard, I will never give up on such massive advantage just to end the war a bit early."

"That's where you are mistaken." King Jaygat stated calmly, "You compare yourself with him, but you keep forgetting that he is still a kid, who barely experienced forty years in life."

"For his first ever racial war to be leading it and be responsible over the death of everyone in it must be an extremely heavily toll on his mind and heart." King Jaygat reasoned, "So, if we were to give him a way out of this war without making him kill more people, I am fairly certain he will take it even if it meant giving up on such a massive advantage."

When she heard so, Duchess Alina's opinion on the matter couldn't help but start to align with Jaygat's reasoning.

'He's right...That bastard also showed many merciful acts in this war to avoid unnecessary slaughter.' Duchess Alina narrowed her eyes, 'It's clear that he is doing this against his own will. So, he will grasp into anything that we offer him to end this war with his victory without more deaths.'

'His mercy is his weakness. I will be a fool not to take advantage of it!'

"So, what do you think? Should we make the public statement now?" King Jaygat inquired after seeing her change of expression.

"Not yet." Duchess Alina smiled coldly, "Let's drag the war for a month at least...With more deaths in our side, the harder he will bite."

Marquise Sebastian and Alfred couldn't help but feel chills course on their spine at Duchess Alina's diabolical suggestion!

She had no issues with sacrificing millions more of vampires, astrians, and gremlins for the sake of making this plan work!

King Jaygat couldn't be more right about Felix's assessment!

He might be extremely intelligent and cunning, but when it came to making such merciless decisions, he could never amount to Duchess Alina!

...

Speaking about Felix, he could be seen sitting in the throne hall inside Nimo's consciousness with the rest of the councilmen and Candace.

"How is our preparation to intercept their reinforcement?" Felix inquired.

"Six combat squads are waiting patiently near their interception point." Candace answered.

"Have you asked our moles about the duration of the journey for the reinforcement?"

"Yes, they told me it will take ten to fifteen days max for each fleet."

"Good, tell our squads to gain control over their fleets without much destruction." Felix ordered with a flat tone, "Our voidlings are destroying every single spaceship of our enemies. It's reducing our spoils of war by a lot."

If there was one thing that Felix disliked about the void armies, it would defintely be their inability to listen to orders and just eat anything in their paths.

​ In the past five days, all the battles they went through, his voidlings emerged either victorious or sent eradicated.

Whatever it was, the space and even surface battlefields were filled with nothing but metal debris.

When each warship and mother battalion cost tens of billions to even trillions, it didn't feel good in the slightest.

"On it."

After finishing with the meeting, Felix switched his focus to the copy in his house that was sitting with Asna on the couch.

"How did it go?" She asked casually.

"We are still winning and by a landslide." Felix replied without an ounce of happiness in his tone. Asna honestly started to feel slightly worried about Felix after seeing his reaction.

"I see..."

She had no issues with him getting colder, but if the weight of deaths started affecting his mind, it would be really too distressing for his future!