Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

To make matters worse, Felix's identity as the Void Nation's king was leaked from many creditable sources in the past five days.

If the leaders weren't enforced to keep everything discussed in the assembly a secret, the news would have taken off much faster.

Still, just those leaks were enough to paint Felix as a villain in the network by many keyboard warriors.

As much as Felix couldn't care less about other people's opinions, the fact that most victims affected by this war kept trying to slam his good conscience couldn't be ignored, no matter how much he tried...

'The more he buries his emotions and seals them with an icy cage, the harder he will get affected when the seal breaks.' Thor frowned, 'I don't like this at all.'

'Me neither.' Jörmungandr sighed, 'He wasn't ready to have this many innocent lives put on his conscience at once.'

Unlike Felix, every tenant in his mind were completely accustomed to random deaths happening because of them.

In fact, even taking innocent lives had no effect on them as long as they believed that their deaths didn't go to waste.

For example, Lady Sphinx had no problems with doing experiments on innocent subjects for the sake of knowledge and truth.

It was wrong in the eyes of others, but not in hers.

In the same breath, she wouldn't kill anyone without any good reason.

This made it quite straightforward to not feel any sort of guilt when she finished with those experiments.

In the case of Felix, even though the war was a necessity, and he knew deep down that if he backed out, the lives of his own people would be endangered, it still didn't relieve the guilt of innocent lives taken because of him.

'No matter how much he hangs around with you, he is still a human.' Elder Kraken shared a bit of his wisdom, 'Humans' emotions are the hardest to control...This what makes them unique from each other.'

Almost every other race were born with specific emotions that define their personalities and lives.

Dragons were known for being proud, overbearing, vengeful, selfish, and wrathful.

Although they also posessed other emotions and desires, the mentioned above remains dominate in almost all of them.

In the same breath, elves were known for being extremely loyal, obsessive, kind, gentle, and attuned with nature.

They might act in different ways depending on the situation, but all of them behaved from birth under those mentioned prerogative.

Meanwhile, humans were born like a slate sheet without a single emotion being dominate over the other.

The environment and growth phase shape each human differently, making them able to have insane pride similar to dragons, greed similar to goblins, and ruthlessness similar to beasts.

Right now, Felix was losing control over his emotions because of his guilty conscience beginning to dominate everything about him due to this new environment.

The only solution he found was ignoring it and burying it deep in his heart, having no clue how to move forward otherwise...

'Let's just hope this doesn't scar him for life and overcome it to become a better version of himself.' Carbuncle smiled wryly as he blew smoke rings, knowing exactly how it felt to have guilt control his entire life.

'Can't we do anything to help him?' Asna asked with a worried tone, fearing that Felix might change forever because of this.

'Unfortunately, he has to find his own way to handle it, so he can truly move forward.' Elder Kraken shared, 'Otherwise, he will be depended on whoever helped him forever.'

Upon hearing so, Asna could only hold Felix's hand tightly and watch him analyze the holographic reports in front of him without an ounce of emotion on his face.

Those reports really didn't help when some of them were live recordings of voidlings armies razing down cities packed with soldiers and some unfortunate citizens too slow to escape in time...

'Send extra void creatures to Dystopia planet, the resistance is too tough in there.'

'Give up on Ezuna planet, the nearest reinforcement will take a week to arrive.'

'Prioritize taking down astrians' territories. We must take advantage of their leaderless situation to force out as many surrenders as possible from their isolated planets.'

Felix kept giving out orders continuously while his deadpan eyes danced from one hologram to another.

Although there were hundreds of holograms, each showing a seperate invasion, he was still able to give out the best possible order.

'We have successfully conquered the third most important planet in the astrians' territory...Do I give the order to move out and assist the nearest squad?' Candace inquired.

Felix expanded the live stream for the mentioned planet and noticed that two Void Succubi were standing in front of a kneeling astrian male, whose body was covered in bloody wounds...Yet, he didn't seem to mind as his face had a wide pervy delighted grin on it.

It seemed like he was out of it. His eyes were out of focus and cloudy.

'Good job, tell them to go provide backup.' Felix ordered.

'Alright.' Candace delivered his orders instantly, causing those two bewitching succubi to command their squads to gather the voidlings army and retreat.

Felix had no worries about this planet falling again in the hands of the astrians when its governor had fallen under those void succubi and became their sex slave.

With both of them attacking his mind, it took merely a few days to break him apart instead of years of effort if they were alone.

Now that he was on their side, and he became the sole responsible over his planet's, he was given the right to surrender by Queen Ai and relieve those poor soldiers from the war.

Unfortunately, this could happen only with the astrians since they had lost all of their authoritative figures.

Planets governors of the other two races could only fight until death even if it was a losing battle...Unless Duchess Alina and King Jaygat gave them the order to surrender.

Obviously, this wasn't happening anytime soon.

***

Days went by and then weeks...Before long, an entire month was concluded since the moment the war had started.

So much was packed in this month alone as the entire network was left buzzing each day with new information about the war's development.

Starting with the Void Nation intercepting the reinforcement fleets sent by outer circle races to help the Dark faction's races blight!

The news had taken everyone by storm since well over twenty thousand warships were stolen by mere sixty void citizens!

This wasn't all as the Void Nation had come out with a statement that threatened any background from interfering in the war anymore, promising that they would switch their target into them next.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

This was enough to cause those outer circle races to completely give up on the thought of stepping foot in this war even when the Darkin faction kept increasing the size of territories' up for trade.

As for the alliance inner circle? They respected the terms of the deal and stayed out of this war regardless of how many pleading letters sent to them by the Darkin faction's citizens.

With both the inner and outer circles washing their hands from this war, it kept progressing in a linear path without a single twist.

That path was nothing but absolute destruction of the Darkin faction without an ounce of resistance!

The sides were so unevenly matched, the astrian race territories ended up getting 99% conquered in less than two weeks!

This forced the astrians to either seek refuge in nearby galaxies or deserted planets inside their territories.

Whatever they did, the astrians empire was considered as erased from existence and only those spread out citizens throughout the universe were what remained of it.

All of this happened in mere two weeks which was a record on its own!

Every racial war happening either in the Dark Ages Era or this Era always took decades if not centuries to conclude!

With the astrians empire fall, everyone predicted that the vampires and gremlins' would voice their surrender to avoid any unnecessary slaughter.

After all, the Void Nation showed to everyone that they never carried on a single invasion after a surrender was voiced.

Alas, day after day went by, and millions upon millions of deaths occurred on each of them. Yet, not a single governor of the invaded planets announced their surrender.

It was so bad, some planets ended up having everyone slaughtered to the last man because the leaders refused to stop the war!!!

This backfired on no one but the vampires and gremlins' leaders as everyone on the network blamed them for any additional unnecessary death.

After all, as leaders, they were responsible over the safety of their people and if they couldn't protect them, they must admit defeat to save the rest at least.

That was just common sense in any war.

Sadly, Duchess Alina and King Jaygat turned deaf ears to the pleas of their own people and others in the network.

"I think it's time to voice our challenge." King Jaygat proposed calmly as he sat with Duchess Alina.

"You read my mind." Duchess Alina smiled coldly, "We have already shown our conviction to die than surrender, so unless he has no issues with committing complete genocides on each planet, he has to accept it."

"You handle it."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Duchess Alina started a live stream and used her connection to spread it far and wide throughout the entire universe.

In less than two minutes, hundreds trillions of viewers jammed up the stream services!

"Is she finally going to announce her surrender?" Asna expressed with a relieved tone as she watched the stream with Felix.

The majority of the viewers tuned in with hopeful thoughts, wanting nothing more than to hear those magic words from Duchess Alina's lips to end this nightmare for everyone.

It might have lasted for a mere month, but the videos and clips of the war in the network were too nightmarish due to the voidlings's involvement.

"Who knows?" Felix replied with a faint rough voice like he was trying to talk through a bad case of flu...His pale complexion and overall deathly zombie-like appearence didn't make it look any better.

'Felix...' Asna smiled bitterly as she glanced at her man.

Gone was Felix who used to laugh and joke around.

Gone was Felix who used to smirk confidently, regardless of what situation he was put into.

Gone was Felix who was always emitting an air of shameless and cunningless around him.

If his grandfather and his friends saw him right now, they would honestly mistake him for a walking corpse...

This month might have been heavy on everyone, but no one could even come close to what it was doing to Felix's mental health and seven hearts...