Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Foremost, I would like to apologize to my own people for entrusting me with your protection and failing to deliver."

The moment Duchess Alina saw that enough viewers joined the stream, she immediately bowed her head with a sorrowful expression.

Everyone in the chat took a moment to process her sudden apology and then rained on her with all types of curses and insults.

It came mostly from her own people as none of them trusted in her leadership capablities anymore.

When she was proclaimed to be dead, all of them felt at loss and wished for her presence to return, so she could lead them out of this mess.

She did return and restored hope in their hearts.

Alas, nothing changed with her revival and actually just made things much worse for those innocent civilians.

When the vampires saw that the majority of the astrians had survived the war and sought refuge in other nations, every one of them wished that she would have remained dead, so their governors wouldn't continue fighting losing battles and surrender like the astrians.

Naturally, this didn't mean that Felix or the Void Nation weren't hated anymore.

All of them were still treated like the devils and prayed for their death by every vampire and gremlin...Their hate wasn't going to subdue even when centuries go by.

When Duchess Alina read some of those nasty comments, she showed a bitter smile and said, "I deserve everything you throw at me...I have failed you, I have failed my ancestor, and I have failed my own race."

"If she is fishing for sympathy, it ain't working out." Asna giggled in amusement after seeing that the comment section was still as negative as ever.

"Hmm." Felix gave a slight nonchalant head nod and continued watching the stream.

Asna could only sigh in defeat and stop trying to lighten Felix's mood for now...God knows how much she tried on daily basis to be supportive of Felix and uplift whenever something horrible happened in the war.

Yet, nothing worked. Still, Asna had no plans of leaving Felix on his own or stopping her attempts to cheer him up.

"I am firm believer that surrendering won't accomplish anything and merely cause our race to end up homeless in the universe and targeted by everyone until we end up going extinct." Duchess Alina took a deep breath and said, "However, I realized that we will end up going extinct either ways if the war continued on this progression. Since we already lost most of our fleets and no one in the alliance is helping us, I have decided to take matters on my own hands and end this once and for all."

Before anyone could interpret her statement, Duchess Alina narrowed her eyes in focus and announced out loud, "As the Vampires' 10th Duchess, I hereby declare that I am open to a fair death match with the Void Nation's King and whoever won will be forced to raise the white flag for their nation!"

This news caught all the viewers by surprise, making them spam exclamation marks on the chat rooms!

"She dares?!" Asna gave a murderous glare at Duchess Alina, feeling her killing urges return!𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Who could blame her? She noticed Felix's corpse-like expression drastically change for the first time in the past month, finally moving some of his numbed facial muscles!

From his expression alone, it was easy to recognize that he was more than open for the challenge!

"I can end this war with my own hands...I just need to win the challenge and all of this will be over." Felix mumured with a bit of light restored into darkened pupils, "It will be finally over."

"Felix...It's danger..."

'Asna, just don't.' Thor shook his head after seeing that Asna was attempting to change his mind.

'But, it's too dangerous and unnecessary!' Asna bit her lips, 'That b*tch isn't easy to handle and if they fought in an arena, Felix will struggle to defeat her even with his upgrades.'

Asna was always confident in Felix's capablities, but in this case? She knew that this fight wasn't a joking matter.

Duchess Alina was ranked as twelve in the empyrean rank only below Fishermen Queen and the top Ten Supremes!

This meant that she was considered stronger than the Werewolves King, the Pandion's High Honor, The Spider Kin's princess, and the rest of the inner circle leaders!

She hadn't climbed to such rank by mere luck.

Asna understood that Felix wasn't going to kill her as easily as the last time when he would be facing her at her peak form and in a battle ready stance!

'It doesn't matter if it's going to be dangerous or irrational to take the challenge.' Elder Kraken spoke gently, 'Your boyfriend has to accept it regardless of what. Otherwise, his conscious will finally break apart.'

'Kraken is right.' Lady Sphinx supported with a solemn tone, 'The only reason Felix is still hanging on to his sanity is because he firmly believes that he can't do anything to stop this on his own while still making sure his nation wins.'

'But now, an opportunity has presented itself to make all wrongs right and if he rejected it because it's irrational or stupid, he will have no excuse to tell his guilty conscious anymore.' Lady Sphinx sighed, 'If that happens, Felix won't be himself any more ever again...'

In other words, Felix's personality would be forced to drastically change to this cold, calculative, and rational robot forever.

After all, only detached robots would ignore this challenge and prefer to conclude the war after slaughtering everyone...

'But, this isn't fair, it's not fair!' Asna's eyes turned a bit red as she stared at Felix's hopeful eyes.

She knew that he went through too much in the past month until he reached his breaking point.

Now, she was told that everything could have been avoided with a mere challenge? She couldn't accept it!

In her opinion, Felix should finish what he started instead of risking his life and wasting his nation's effort on a single challenge.

Alas, Felix wasn't born with a god's complexity like her, making him able to detach himself from the death of those mere mortals.

Felix refused to throw away his humanity to become one.

"I have made my case and I wish that the Void Nation's King will join the stream and give me his answer." Duchess Alina requested calmly, "I will be waiting for ten minutes."

"She is quite delusional to think that our king will accept her challenge."

"Who's dumb enough to throw away a certain victory for nothing?"

"I know right?"

The void citizens conversed with each other on this situation within Nimo's consciousness. They were laughing and joking around, knowing deep down that Felix wouldn't do this to them.

Unfortunately, they saw through this situation with the eyes of void creatures born out of evil, having absolutely no issues with even causing the entire alliance to go extinct.

Felix might be their king, but he wasn't a void creature like them...

So, in less than ten seconds, Felix joined the stream with Duchess Alina, stunning all the viewers, who were still prepared to enter a heated debate whether Felix would join the stream or not.

Without a greeting or waiting for anyone to react, Felix asked one question with a piercing cold eyes directed at Duchess Alina, "Why now?"