Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

While Felix was recovering his mental health by being intimate with Asna, the Darkin faction's primogenitors had grouped up with King Jaygat and Duchess Alina to discuss the upcoming two battles.

"This is your last opportunity to redeem yourselves." Wendigo stated with an icy tone as he gazed at Duchess Alina and King Jaygat.

"We are up to the task my lord." Duchess Alina smiled coldly, "I have chosen death match in the UVR to make sure that nothing will save that punk when I get my hands on him."

Although Felix had killed her before, Duchess Alina wasn't afraid of him in the slightest...In her eyes, that ambush only succeeded because of many boxes being ticked off simultaneously.

In this battle, not a single box was going to be ticked off!

"You still need to be careful and don't underestimate him." Saurous warned, "We underestimated him in every game, and he always came on top somehow. So, you better take this as seriously as possible like you will be facing Elder Dragon."

"I understand."

Duchess Alina could see that the ancestors really placed all of their hopes on this upcoming death match to kill Felix.

After all, she was the strongest of their descendants alive, which meant if Felix defeated her, it was over for them in the games forever!

As for their races losing the war and being forced off to never start an empire, they couldn't care less.

"Jaygat, you also need to be careful." Wendigo frowned, "I actually fear for your battle more than Alina's."

"I know that upper figures of void race are immensely powerful...I have tested it beforehand." King Jaygat nodded with a solemn expression while recalling his battle with Mammon and Meriam.

"You are mistaken." Manananggal shook his head, "You should wish to fight those two than deal with that monster."

"Monster?" King Jaygat was taken back at the notion that even primogenitors could name someone below them as a monster!

"I am certain that punk will choose him to fight you." Saurous narrowed his eyes, "We never bothered to learn much about him in the old days, but his actions were too rampant it was hard to ignore his existence."

"Are you referring to The Ruiner?" King Jaygat asked rhetorically, already knowing that it was him.

"All I can advise you is to prepare nothing but uplifting your pride." Wendigo said, "Your battle will be decided in the first second because of it."𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

'Don't say much, you will just put doubts in his mind and end up making him dread his opponent before meeting him. This will affect his pride much worse.' Manananggal said.

'True.'

'Let's hope at least he puts a decent fight.'

The primogenitors switched the subject forcefully, not caring about King Jaygat's questions.

In their minds, they already proclaimed that King Jaygat as a walking man.

It would take him a miracle to win his boot, and they would rather not take away even that slight chance of victory by telling him stories about The Ruiner.

This was how desperate the Darkin faction were to kill off Felix!

They knew that they would be sending King Jaygat to a certain death and make gremlins around the universe homeless...Yet, they considered it worth it if it would result in Felix's death!

King Jaygat had no idea about this and had a strong belief that he would win his battle...After all, he was also ranked in the top twenty strongest players in the platform.

"What about your first plan? You even moved your own old bones to handle it personally." Saurous asked as he eyed Manananggal.

"Because of those circumstances, I decided to change it a little." Manananggal smiled faintly.

"Hmmm? What do you have in mind?"

"You will see when the time comes."

Duchess Alina showed a glacial smile after hearing so, knowing exactly what her ancestor intended to do.

She was all for it.

'Whether I win or lose, you will feel the same pain as I.' Duchess Alina laughed sadistically in her mind as she envisioned Felix's face.

....

On the other side of the coin, Felix could be seen holding a closed off meeting with only his councilmen and spokesperson.

As for the rest of the Void Nation citizens? Felix neither apologized nor explained his reason to accept the challenge.

In his heart, he had taken the best decision and if they wanted to judge him for it, then they could do it...But, as their leader, he would not apologize for it.

"The Ruiner, if you need anything to handle your opponent, just name it." Felix stressed.

Felix was forwarded the fights rules after he accepted the challenge...Based on the rules, everything was allowed except for divine equipment and technological weaponry.

This meant there was no limit to number of legendary scrolls, potions, or artifacts used in this death match!

"Me need anything?" The Ruiner sneered, "Maybe a stretcher to pick up that weaklings' corpse after I'm done with him."

"As long as you are confident." Felix didn't pester him anymore, knowing that The Ruiner hated anything that doubted his strength.

So, he exited the meeting after spending a few more minutes explaining how things would go in the battles.

The moment he switched his focus to his copy in his UVR's house, he noticed that he had missed some calls from his grandfather and his friends.

"Are you going to ignore them again?" Asna asked as she glanced at his bracelet's screen.

"I...I..." Felix exhaled a deep breath and closed his calls inbox, not planning to return anyone's calls...Especially, for his grandfather.

He felt too ashamed to face his grandfather since the moment his identity was exposed as the Void Nation's leader.

"Maybe give him a chance?" Asna advised, "I know that your grandpa always wants best for you and will never judge you for this war even if he knew nothing about it."

"That's why I am ashamed to talk to him." Felix smiled wryly, "I know that my grandpa must disapprove of my actions, yet still, he will have my back and support me."

"Who knows, he might be calling you just to check on you before your fight." Asna reasoned, "In his eyes, this might be the last chance he will see you."

Felix knew that she was speaking the truth, but Felix still felt too disgusted and uncomfortable by the thought of speaking to his grandfather after being responsible over taking tens of millions of lives...

"I will talk to him after the war and explain to him everything...He deserves to know the entire truth."

In the end, Felix had taken decision to contact his grandfather only when he was ready to bring him to his own world.

After all, nothing could explain this war except for the truth...Felix refused to keep lying and hiding things from his grandfather.

Right now, he had only one thing to focus on...Preparing to defeat Duchess Alina in twenty-four hours!

...

Back on Earth...A tiny beautiful greenish island could be seen in the middle of nowhere on the Pacific Ocean.

This was Sky Pearl Island.

It might be small and peaceful, but it was considered as the most dangerous place in the entire Milky Way!

That's because it was the home of the Maxwell Family and where Felix's Grandfather reside most of the time.

Although everyone knew this information, no one dared to use Felix's grandfather or his family as ways to threaten him.

Who would dare do so when the Federation turned this island into an indestructible fortress with the most expensive defensive measures.

Unbeknownst to everyone, there were a few void citizens living here and keep a watch from the void realm.

Felix planted them there to help his grandfather escape through the void realm if something were to happen.

Inside Felix's hotel, Grandpa Robert was seen sighing in disappointment after realizing that his calls weren't getting through to his grandson.

"Failed again?" Eric inquired while playing a shooting game on a hologram.

"That brat is hell-bent on snubbing me." Grandfather Robert's eyelids twitched in annoyance.

​ "Boss must be really busy with his upcoming battle." Eric showed an optimistic foolish smile and assured, "I am certain he will talk to you after the war is finished."

Grandfather Robert knew that was merely part of the truth and that Felix was avoiding him out of shame...After all, he was the one raising him and knew everything about his character.

He hoped to reach out to him and be there for him, knowing that whatever he was going through must be extremely difficult.

"I just hope that he has a shoulder to lean on." Grandfather Robert sighed, knowing that his grandson's had changed drastically after seeing his appearence in the latest stream.

He truly feared that he would end losing himself even if he won his war.

"I might as well leave him an email."

Since he wasn't going to talk to him, Grandfather Robert believed that it was best to leave what he wanted to tell him in a letter.

Maybe if Felix read it, he wouldn't be too ashamed and reach out on his own.

After he spent a short while drafting the email, Grandfather Robert sent it and closed his inbox, knowing that Felix wasn't going to respond to him anytime soon.

Then, he glanced at the sunset on the window and mumured softly, "Good luck son, I am always rooting for you, no matter what you do..."