Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

While Felix, Duchess Alina, and King Jaygat were doing everything they could to prepare for the battles, the network was buzzing nonstop with news about them.

Those two battles had attracted so much attention, the SG committee had decided to postpone important games which were conflicting with the battles date.

They knew that hundreds trillions of viewers would be stolen from them.

Since those two battles were streamed free of charge, no one was going to miss them even if it meant skipping on their idols' games!

Naturally, gambling dens couldn't waste such a fine opportunity to finesse money out of the public as they had set up many unique bets for everyone to take part in.

Because Felix had proved himself to be a force to reckon with, even though he was going against the twelve ranked empyrean player while he was merely at two hundred rank average, the odds were close to even in his fight.

On other hand, The Ruiner didn't receive much love and had 1 to 5 odds against him.

After all, no one knew anything about him while King Jaygat's achievements and prowess was spread far and wide.

In this heated atmosphere in the network with bets flying all over the place and excited tweets of celebrities going viral, the time of the battles had finally arrived!

'Are you ready to be teleported to the arena?' Queen Ai asked Felix monotonously.

'Yes.' Felix nodded with a serious expression.

The moment she received his confirmation, Queen Ai teleported Felix towards a randomized virtual planet.

King Jaygat and Duchess Alina were already there waiting for him next to a simple café table with three chairs.

Nothing wrong would have been with the scene if the table wasn't in the center of a greenfield, stretching for as far as the eye could perceive.

If one could zoom out a bit further from above, he would spot humongous mountainous chains with breathtaking waterfalls and forests on their majestic bodies.

Those mountainous chains were circling the greenfield and locking it down, making the entire scenery resemble an arena born out of nature.

Landlord! Landlord!! Landlord!! Landlord!!...

Felix was forced to ignore the view and lift his head after his name began chanting thunderously in the sky!

The sight he saw was enough to overwhelm anyone as the entire sky was filled with stacked up holographic chairs reaching to the exosphere!

Without needing to count, Felix discerned that hundreds of trillions of spectators decided to watch the battles live!

There would have been actually much more if the space wasn't filled up, forcing the rest of viewers to switch to watch the stream in the comfort of their homes or social areas.

Still, all of Felix's friends and closed ones managed to attend due to being prioritized by Queen Ai. 

Although Felix's name was echoing through the arena, causing even the grass blades to flutter chaotically like a helicopter was hovering above them, Felix's glacial expression didn't change even a bit.

"Where is your councilman?" Duchess Alina asked calmly.

Felix lowered his head slowly and stared directly into her eyes for a few moments before answering with a flat tone, "He will be here when his fight is due...I am not here for chitchat, let's sign the contracts."

Without waiting for their response, Felix sat on his chair and picked up a holographic contract that was placed on the table.

Seeing that Felix wasn't planning on engaging with them, Duchess Alina decided to be direct as well.

"Queen Ai, please read the important terms of our joined contract to the public." She requested while enlarging the holographic contract for everyone to see.

Queen Ai took a goddess-like giant holographic form and began reading with a stoic expression, "There is no surrender in the battles. They will end only when one party was proclaimed dead. If a party lost a battle, the nation represented will be forced to surrender in the war and will never target the winner party for the perpetuity of this contract."

Naturally, Felix, Duchess Alina, and King Jaygat had already met in private before the battles to make sure that the terms were approved of.

Duchess Alina had placed her foot on the second term, so she would never need to worry about the Void Nation taking revenge on Felix when she killed him.

Felix agreed to it, not caring too much about what the Void Nation would do if he died.

"Everything below legendary rank is allowed in those battles regardless of the quantity as long the parties owned those items in their spatial card in the real universe...Only technological weapons and products are banned."

Since divine equipments were considered as secret knowledge, this condition was coined in this manner to avoid bringing them.

Since quantity was specified to be infinite, both parties made sure to prepare as much as they could in their spatial cards in the real world before joining the games.

"There is no time limit to the battles...However, the combatants are banned from going beyond the mountainous chain."

Everyone knew that if such measure wasn't implanted the battles would last forever if the players were allowed freedom of moving through the entire planet.

After all, they were allowed to carry with them as much energy stones and healing products as possible.

"This is all." Queen Ai requested, "Please sign the contracts if you are satisfied with the terms."

Duchess Alina and Felix stared at each other for a few moments without a single blink taking place.

Just as the atmosphere was about to get too intense, they signed the contract simultaneously and stood up.

"I hope you have prepared enough." Duchess Alina smiled coldly, "I am not planning on simply killing you...I will make sure that you will go through the same torment you imposed on my people before I finish you off."

Felix's fans and loved ones all felt chills course on their spines at her threat, knowing that she could do this without anyone being able to stop her.

After all, there was no surrender on the table and the battle would end only when one of the combatant die!

When the viewers saw Felix open his mouth slightly, they all perked their ears in anticipation at his retort, knowing that he was the best at them.

However, Felix ended up merely murmuring expressionlessly, "Good luck."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Felix's fans were left at loss for words, having no clue how to back up such a lousy response.

Felix didn't care about anyone's reaction and teleported to his own seat in the arena.

King Jaygat and Duchess Alina also did the same with irritated looks, feeling like all of their plans to rattle Felix resulted in nothing.

"The first battle will start in two minute." Queen Ai announced, "It will be between the Gremlins King, Jaygat, and Void Nation's Councilman, The Ruiner."

Queen Ai might not be as great as MCs on hyping up the viewers, but she was still a good host.

So, she didn't spend two minutes in silence but actually used them to introduce both fighters, starting with King Jaygat.

"King Jaygat is believed to be the strongest and most talented darkness elementalist to be born in this era. His current seventeen empyrean rank reflects his overwhelming strength as not a single gremlin in the history of the alliance had broken past the top fifty ranks."

"With his overwhelming strength and charismatic personality, he was gifted the leadership of an important state in the Ogresaivalon Empire by the royal Nubia family."

"After the royal Nubia prince rose to power and replaced the emperor, he began exerting his authority on all states with tyrannical demands."

"Only King Jaygat rejected those demands for the sake of his people. This caused him to get stripped off his governing position and receive a heavy punishment for the sake of allowing the prince to establish his dominance on all other governors."

"King Jaygat refused to accept such an unfair treatment and made himself into a fugitive."

"During his fugitive years in the empire, King Jaygat founded a resistance with like-minded people, who were sick of the prince's tyranny."

"Under his leadership, the resistance had grown to an unstoppable power and ended up dethroning the prince and annihilating the entire royal Nubia family."

"As the leader of the resistance, King Jaygat had become the new emperor of the Ogresaivalon Empire."

"However, to remind himself and everyone about his true humble origin, he refused to call himself as an emperor, retaining his Kingship."

"This has occurred three hundred thousand years ago."

Queen Ai paused for a moment and teleported King Jaygat back to the arena. Then, she concluded her speech with the same emotionless tone, "Now, King Jaygat is here yet again to fight for his own people's freedom."

King Jaygat! King Jaygat!! King Jaygat!!...

Without needing to ask them to chant, the gremlins and many other viewers exploded in emotional cheering as they looked at King Jaygat's stoic expression.

Besides the viewers who cared about history, the rest had absolutely no clue that King Jaygat's story was this interesting.

The majority expected him to be born into royalty like the majority of leaders!

Queen Ai didn't care about the viewers cheers and continued her introduction through the noise, "On the opposite side, we have the Void Nation's councilman, The Ruiner."

"No further data is available...The battle will begin shortly."

Queen Ai concluded her introduction, dumbfounding most of the viewers, who expected the all-knowing Queen Ai would throw them a bone about The Ruiner's identity or at least his appearence.

Fortunately, they didn't have to wait for long to see The Ruiner as the moment Queen Ai ended the introduction, she teleported him in front of King Jaygat against his will.

He resembled a giant demonic creature born from the depth of hell itself with his two dark red horns on his forehead and long dark fangs protruding from his nightmarish mouth.

His ungodly appearence scared most of the viewers into silence, feeling like The Ruiner's would come get them if they cheered his opponent right in front of him!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Under this unexpected silence, The Ruiner opened his mouth and spoke...

"How dare you not ask for my permission!" The Ruiner narrowed his eyes murderously at Queen Ai's holographic form, "Do you wanna die, c*nt?!"