Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"..."

"..."

"..."

No one knew how to react to The Ruiner's sudden snap at Queen Ai as they merely kept staring at him with dumbfounded looks.

"What the f*ck are you looking at? Have you never seen a god walking on mortally plane?" The Ruiner switched his aggression to the spectators after seeing everyone's looks.

'This f*cker is crazy.'

'How is Landlord even able to control him?'

'Why do I have the feeling that he really means what he says?'

Everyone was forced to gulp a mouthful in fear and lower their gazes after they made contact with The Ruiner, seeming like they were trying to avoid getting targeted by this crazy demon.

While some believed that he was merely putting a front, Felix and the rest of the Void Nation knew that he was as serious as he could get!

Even when he threatened Queen Ai, he would most defintely search for her servers and destroy them to prove his point!

"This meathead really needs a beating..." Candace facepalmed as she sat with the rest of the councilmen, feeling slightly embarrassed by having her race represented by him.

They were already having a bad image in the public due to their voidlings, now even the councilman was acting like a madman.

"Well, keep wishing." Arthur chuckled, "As long as the primogenitors doesn't make a move personally on him, he can act as wild as he wants."

"Eyes down here, you vulgar imbecile." King Jaygat said with an indifferent look, not affected in the slightest by The Ruiner's appearence or his persona.

"Vulgar imbecile?" The Ruiner slowly lowered his head and turned to face King Jaygat with a creepy wide smile.

He sized him up and down for a few moments and then said while licking his lips, "I was planning on just killing you to end this farce as quickly as possible, but I guess breaking your pride and devouring it isn't so bad either...It's been a while since I have added someone to my collection."

Besides a few knowing viewers, the rest had absolutely no idea what The Ruiner was talking about...Even King Jaygat was in the dark and thought that he was merely trying to get in his head.

"Stop spouting nonsense and get ready to fight." King Jaygat narrowed his eyes coldly as he took his battle stance.

Unexpectedly, The Ruiner remained silent and just kept that creepy wide smile on his lips.

The moment two minutes ended, Queen Ai ignored their trash talking and announced out loud, "You have twenty seconds to teleport anywhere on your side of the arena and prepare yourself...When the times end, you are free to battle each other."

The moment she finished speaking, King Jaygat teleported hundreds of kilometers away from The Ruiner!

Then, he closed his eyes shut and mumbled under his breath, "Darkness Realm..."

Under the stunned eyes of the viewers, a sphere of darkness emerged on top of his palm...It was so dark, it resembled a tiny black hole!

"What is he going to do with tha..."

Just as Olivia was about to ask her teammates about it, the rest of the question was halted in her throat at sudden unbelieving sight emerging before her!

The small darkness sphere expanded in the blink of an eye and covered more than a hundred kilometers radius!!!

The shocking part? It was still expanding at an insane pace under the stupefied looks of the viewers, who had never witnessed such thing before!

"Dear lord...Is this the true strength of the alliance's inner circle leaders?" Grandfather Robert mumured with a dazed expression while his pupil's reflected nothing but absolute darkness!

After the darkness realm reached the center of the arena, it stopped expanding forcefully like it had hit an invisible wall.

If it wasn't for the preparation duration still ticking, it would have gone over to the other side and devoured even The Ruiner!

"Tsk, this is the irritating ability that he used to escape from our grasp." Meriam clicked her tongue in irritation after recalling her fight with King Jaygat.

"It might seem as if it's just a darkness field, but it's more than that." Mammon added with a serious tone, "Jaygat can move freely within his darkness field faster than even space elementalists with teleportation abilities. He can also turn his body into darkness energy and merge it with his field, making it impossible to hit him."

"We realized that unless we completely erase his darkness field, it's impossible to defeat him within it."

When Felix heard so, he glanced at the darkness realm, that stretched for hundreds of kilometers, and he instantly knew that only mass destruction weapons or abilities could get rid of it.

"I was told that you are a void creature born out of the sin of pride."

Suddenly, King Jaygat spoke from within the darkness realm. His deep voice was somewhat soft, yet it was still heard distinctly in everyone's ears.

What surprised most viewers was the fact that voice's source was impossible to pinpoint as it came from everywhere and kept echoing repeatedly.

"If you are so proud of your strength, I dare you to step inside my darkness realm." King Jaygat provoked.

"Sounds like a drag." 

The Ruiner lifted his pinky and cleared his right ear with an lazy expression.

Then, without an ounce of hesitation, he walked towards the darkness realm, leaving behind him deep foot imprints with each step.

After he reached the edge of the darkness realm, he was forcefully stopped by the invisible wall.

"Seven...Six...Five..."

While Queen Ai counted down the end of the preparation phase, The Ruiner merely lifted his finger above him and announced for all to hear, "I summon the Sin of Pride for a clash of prides."

Before anyone could react to hearing such nonsense, a gigantic violet symbol manifested out of nowhere above The Ruiner!

It resembled a mesmerizing violet peacock created out of many peculiar letters, which were never seen before!

Just as the viewers wanted to react at this unique phenomena, their eyes were forced to look anywhere but the symbol! 

No matter how much they tried to look at it, their eyes refused to listen to their commands, scaring the living sh*t out of everyone!

'What's going on?! Why can't I look at that symbol?!' Am I under a mental attack?!'

Even King Jaygat realized that after a mere two seconds of direct contact with the peacock symbol, his eyes refused to look at it again!

When he focused on The Ruiner instead, he was shocked to see him staring directly in his direction with the same creepy wide smile!

'Impossible!' King Jaygat refused to believe that The Ruiner was able to see him from within his own darkness realm.

That's because not a single vision ability was capable of seeing through his darkness realm when light particles were unable to enter it!

Without light, all visions were deemed useless besides spatial ones.

King Jaygat was certain that even spatial vision wouldn't be able to help The Ruiner since he had already merged his body with the darkness realm!

"Three...Two...One." Queen Ai ignored everything on going and announced monotonously, "Fight."

The instant the invisible wall was removed, King Jaygat dropped all of his doubts at once and pushed the darkness realm to engulf The Ruiner!

The Ruiner had no chance of escaping the darkness realm when he was so close to it before.

"You're dead." King Jaygat smiled coldly while eyeing The Ruiner standing nonchalantly inside his own world.

Even the inner circle leaders believed that The Ruiner was in a pinch, knowing the entering King Jaygat's darkness realm was a death sentence!

"Unless he escapes through the void realm, It will be over for that idiot." Fishermen Queen Everley remarked.

"He is too proud to escape." Queen Alfreda stated calmly.

"Let's see then what he does to free hims..."

Just as Minister Aquairis was about to join the conversation, The Ruiner lifted his arm above his head while having his palm a straight as an arrow.

Then, he brought it down swiftly until it reached the ground in a single motion...It might have been fast, but it was nothing extraordinary as even commoners managed to see his movement.

The Ruiner retracted his demonic arm back into a crossing position while still having that nonchalant look on his face even when nothing resulted from his action.

"Haha...That's it? HAHAHAHAAH...."

Just as the viewers' were about to break into mocking laughter, The Ruiner uttered a single word.

"Split."

Then, there was no then...The arena, the mountainous chain, the darkness realm, and even the clouds were split apart like mosses splitting the sea for his people to pass through...Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Whether they were inner circle leaders or commoners, everyone was left with widened horrified eyes at this unimaginable scene, making them feel like they were in the presence of a true god!