Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Bastard!"

Duchess Alina immediately knew that she had been trolled, and she wasn't pleased in the slightest by it.

She swiftly returned to the window and noticed that her blood sea had been affected significantly in that area.

The explosions had left multiple wide craters and what remained of her blood in that area filled them.

'If he keeps throwing those bombs, my blood sea will evaporate with time.' Duchess Alina frowned, 'It took me too much energy and time to create it. I can't let him destroy my effo...'

Booom Boom Boom!...

Before she could finish her sentence, various explosions occurred around the entire maze nonstop!

Duchess Alina's expression turned ugly after sensing her blood sea getting screwed badly!

'How is he doing this? Golems?' Duchess Alina figured it out the moment she spotted tens of red gemstones thrown from multiple windows.

'Is this his plan? Did he open those windows to keep pressuring me from the inside instead of wanting to enter?' Duchess Alina soon shook her head, 'Whether he wants me in or not, I need to retaliate quickly.'

Without delay, Duchess Alina attempted to save what remained of her blood sea by using her external manipulation to manifest humongous blood palms and send them toward the windows.

Boom Boom Boom!...L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Some of them were assaulted heavily by explosions, causing them to get disfigured, while the rest made it there safely after devouring the Argadite bombs before going off.

Thud! Thud! Thud!...

Whether they were disfigured or not, all the giant blood palms covered the windows at the same time.

'Harden!'  She ordered.

They turned into crystallized blood arms, making it impossible for those Argadite bombs to go past them.

'Think fast! He can easily create new windows and restart his destruction again.' Duchess Alina narrowed her eyes in focus at the maze, and began considering all of her available options to win this without stepping foot in the maze.

'I can use the same strategy as him and throw crumbled explosive scrolls inside!'

This was the only tactic she came up with that could somewhat work.

Though, she knew that it wasn't going to harm Felix at all since she could see that he was sitting in the center of the bowl, five kilometers away from her.

'I wanted to save those only for emergencies, but screw it.'

So, Duchess Alina decided to go all out from the start to avoid Felix countering her tactic.

She beamed three epic explosive scrolls, three epic Inferno Ignition scrolls, and to top it off, she even brought out three legendary explosive scrolls!

Without an ounce of hesitation, she crumbled and threw them in her blood sea. Then, she used it to transport them to those crystallized blood arms in a sneaky manner.

Some viewers held their breaths in anticipation while some did so in worry.

"If those scrolls went off inside the maze, Felix will be turned into toast whether his maze survived or not!" Baron commentated.

Before Selphie and the others could add anything, Duchess Alina swiftly softened those blood arms and pushed the crumbled scrolls to the ending of the palms, launching them inside the maze!

'They are here...'

While his fans and loved ones were worried sick, Felix's expression didn't change in the slightest after spotting those flying brilliant scrolls through the eyes of his golems.

He merely released a single order, 'Do it.'

The nearest commanders to those scrolls aimed their sniper rifles at them and fired normal pointy bullets!

Even the troops on the paths rained on them with their assault rifles!

Under this rain of bullets, those crumbled scrolls got ripped apart or exploded into tiny pieces one by one!

When that happened, not a single one of them ended up activating!!!

"Haha! No wonder all the opened windows were near the largest numbers of troops and their commanders." Erebus laughed.

The rest of the primogenitors instantly figured out Felix's tactic as well and couldn't help but shower him with a couple of praises.

Everyone knew that scrolls' only weakness was their inability to activate if the entire runic structure wasn't illuminated properly!

It could be considered as each scroll had a specific timer of activation due to those runic sentences written on them.

If even a single letter wasn't illuminated, the scrolls were considered nothing but mere pieces of paper!

"He must have baited Alina to use them by giving her the inspiration to use crumbled explosive scrolls as he did." Siren mentioned.

When Duchess Alina noticed that her scrolls hadn't gone off even after a couple of seconds, she knew that she had been had!

'F*cking bastard! I wasted three legendaries at once!'

Duchess Alina was extremely aggravated by this loss since she didn't possess many legendaries scrolls in her arsenal.

When Felix assassinated her and the upper nobles, Queen Ai destroyed everything in their spatial cards, so their enemies wouldn't loot them.

This meant that she had lost almost all the strongest scrolls and best potions her race had collected!

In the past month, she tried her best to renew her arsenal, but it didn't go smoothly due to King Arthur banning any dealings with the Darkin faction's races.

Fortunately, Mannanganl had some legendary scrolls and gave them to her...Now, she was down by three without causing any harm to Felix!

Thud! Thud! Thud!...

To add salt to injury, Felix ordered his clones to close those windows and open new ones near other commanders!

Then, he restarted his bombing strategy on the blood sea to apply as much pressure as possible on Duchess Alina.

Duchess Alina moved faster this time to seal those windows...Too bad, the moment she succeeded, Felix merely close them and open new ones!

They kept going back and forth like this for more than three minutes until Duchess Alina started to lose her cool.

'If I pulled back, I will lose my blood sea, and he will switch to long-ranged attacks with nukes.' Duchess Alina thought with a resentful look, 'If I stayed in my place, this would keep going until the entire area surrounding the maze will be turned into a ditch.'

Duchess Alina knew if that happened, her blood sea would be affected the most!

'I can only enter the maze and handle this up close.' Duchess Alina decided, 'As long as I have a pool of blood on the outside, I can spawn back on it when things get too difficult inside.'

Although Duchess Alina intended to step foot inside the enemy's territory, she wasn't dumb to go for it without having an exit strategy!

As the strongest vampire in this era, her blood manipulation and mastered abilities couldn't be compared to any vampire that Felix had fought against.

Even Marquise Sebastian was a mere child before her!

"You want me in, then you better be prepared to take me in." Duchess Alina uttered coldly as she retreated far away from the maze.

Then, she began creating multiple blood pools deep underground, so nothing would impact them.

When she was done, she returned to her sea of blood that was on the brick of being completely evaporated by the heat.

She gathered what remained of it and pushed it through those windows forcefully! She transmuted herself and snuck inside the maze with one of those blood floods.

'It's a maze?!' Duchess Alina was taken back slightly after she spotted giant walls connected with the ceiling and multiple paths leading in different directions.

She had an assumption before that there were walls inside the bowl since the crystallized exterior walls didn't completely hide everything.

However, not in her wildest dreams did she think they were maze walls!

Thud Thud Thud!!

Her thought process was forcefully broken after she noticed that her blood floods were cut short.

'He closed the windows.' Duchess Alina knitted her eyebrows, 'Did he guess that I have entered the maze or he knows for sure?'

The answer came sooner than she anticipated as every single nearby golem aimed their weapons at the blood rivers contained within the adamantine walls and began firing electrical bullets, and poisonous bombs to avoid harming themselves!

'Not in my watch.'

Duchess Alina controlled all of her blood rivers inside the maze to create a thick crystallized blood shield!

Szzzlzlzlz!! Poof Poof!

All the bullets and bombs were blocked successfully by the shield, suffering mere cracks here and there...They were constantly being repaired due to being connected with the blood rivers!

'Capture them.' Duchess Alina ordered coldly as she eyed those golems.

The blood river spawned extremely sticky dark red tentacles and dispatched them swiftly toward the golems!

The golems tried their best to defend against them but their poisonous and electrical ammo was useless!

So, they were met with the same fate, getting captured forcefully by those sticky tentacles, not allowing them to even lift their weapons without suffering from tough resistance!

"They are done for." Queen Alfreda commentated calmly, "Those golems might be extremely difficult to break, but they are useless against viscous powers."

As she stated, all of those golem squads ended up getting disarmed and cocooned against the walls by that gluey blood substance!

'She controlled multiple blood rivers in different areas simultaneously and managed to protect them all without even canceling her transmutation ability.' Felix narrowed his eyes, 'She really is a monster in blood manipulation.'

'This will be much tougher than anticipated.'