Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Felix wanted to force out Duchess Alina from hiding in her blood river to know exactly which one he needed to focus on.

But it ended up failing...Still, he had other plans to make this happen.

'He hasn't moved from his place at all.' Duchess Alina frowned as she observed Felix with her blood vision, 'Is that even him? Or did he use the same tactic in the arena's game to throw me off while he is hiding somewhere else?'

Duchess Alina recalled that Felix had managed to fool everyone in the king of the arena game by using a gemstone clone that countered all types of visions.

'It can't be fake. Unless he brought an actual living clone with him, there is no way he can fake his bloodstream flowing in that unique manner.' Duchess Alina thought to herself as she analyzed Felix's peculiar bloodstream.

With seven hearts and runic codex veins, Felix's bloodstream was just too unique to be copied.

So, she continued targeting the center of the maze...However, the journey didn't go as smoothly as she had hoped.

BOOOM BOOM! BOOOM!!...

Her expression turned for the worst after she sensed that the rest of her blood rivers were barraged by explosions from the ground!

'The hell? Are those landmines?'

She instantly recognized the source after her own blood river was met with multiple camouflaged landmines on the ground, forcing her to halt the advancement of all blood rivers.

They resembled anti-tank landmines as they were circular and had a big button on top...Underneath the buttons, there were multiple Agardine bombs!

They were created out of the purplish Chalfinite gemstone and hidden on top of the big purplish patches on the adamantine floor!

After all, Felix had crystalized energy draining water into adamantine...This created a mixture of colors, which he definitely took advantage of!

'What a crafty punk.' Duchess Alina cursed.

She knew that her blood rivers would apply pressure on those buttons, pushing them down and crashing the Agarditine small bombs inside, making them go off!

This wouldn't be considered an issue if those landmines weren't situated on each path in this maze, making her understand that she could not control all of her blood rivers to deal with them at the same time without taking an extremely long time!

If she decided to focus only on clearing her path and ignore the rest of the blood rivers for the sake of speed, she would expose herself!

Every move that Felix made was for a specific prediction of Duchess Alina's thought process.

'What's your move?' Felix thought as he watched the blood rivers going completely stale through the eyes of tiny golems in the shape of rats.

"This is really a close battle of wits." Erebus uttered in intrigue.

"The smartest decision to make is to stay hidden as far as possible to bridge the distance." Mannanngal smiled, "But on the other hand...She doesn't need to go so far."

The moment he said so, Duchess Alina emerged from the blood river as a humanoid blob of blood and then uttered coldly, "Destroy anything in my path!"

Just like a beast was awakened, the Blood River transformed into a humongous monstrosity with multiple different limbs!

The bottom half was liquified while the top half had crystalized hardened arms and sticky ones as well!

Meanwhile, Duchess Alina was situated in its chest, showing only her head.

Whoosh!! Boom!! Boom!!

The blood monster began smashing those landmines away while charging forward without much resistance!

Even when some mines exploded on his arms, Duchess Alina restored them back to their form instantly.

As for the rest of the blood rivers? Duchess Alina merely ordered them to remain in their place, knowing that they could be used later on.

'Reinforcement is required in the northern region!'

'All nearby troops intercept the target!'

'Use everything!!'

Now that Duchess Alina had exposed her true location, The golem commanders ditched their positions and led their troops to create defensive barricades in front of her!

Since there were hundreds of them armed to the teeth, the maze was turned upside down with many colorful explosions.

Yet still, nothing deemed enough to take down the blood monster or harm Duchess Alina!

Electrical and poisonous bombs? They got negated with liquified blood projectiles!

Explosive bullets and bombs? They were caught by the sticky limbs, making them unable to go off and remain stuck there!

There were even suicidal golems with tasks of charging into the blood monster and getting manually exploded by their commanders!

Unfortunately, they merely got slapped back to the troops.

"You are really looking down on me by sending those toys to handle me!"

Duchess Alina yelled furiously as she charged with her blood monster through the troops' formations like they were nothing!

Even the viewers began to believe that Felix's maze tactic was useless and just a massive waste of energy when his trusted troops were being run through like prostitutes.

Although Felix's troops were falling left and right without slowing down Duchess Alina's march by even a little, he still didn't seem fazed.

He merely kept creating new ammo, new weapons, and new golems before sending them to reinforce his troops.

At the same time, he was watching Duchess Alina's pathing in his maze with such predatory eyes it made some spectators' blood turn cold.

"I know that cute look." Kumiho giggled, "He is preparing something evil again."

The Darkin faction's primogenitors' expression also turned solemn, knowing that Felix always had three to four schemes stacked one above the other!

So, they didn't feel the slightest amount of joy at the sight of Duchess Alina going rampant in the maze while approaching Felix bit by bit.

'Don't worry too much.' Saurous said, 'Nothing he does can threaten Alina. Even if it was something serious, she can always escape outside by spawning in one of those blood pools.'

'I know.' Mananngal nodded.

'I actually hope he makes a move on her personally.' Wendigo said coldly, 'With Alina's masterful blood flow control, she can easily screw him by using his own blood with a mere stare.'

Wendigo wasn't joking one bit!

Felix knew that fighting with Duchess Alina face-to-face was the last option possible because of her ability to control anyone's blood flow within their bodies!

Felix was capable of resisting easily other vampires when they tried to control his bloodstream since he was the master but in the case of Duchess Alina?

Even Elder Dragon would be placed in serious danger if he fought her face to face and allowed her free reign in his bloodstream!

That's what it meant to be the strongest blood Elementalist in the universe aside from Manananggal.

Felix created this maze in the first place with hundreds of thick walls for the sake of building an environment that would minimize face-to-face battles with Duchess Alina.

Though, it seemed to everyone that face-to-face was the only way forward as his troops were useless and he couldn't hide forever for her.

"Great, another dead-end." Duchess Alina expressed in irritation after she ended up reaching a dead-end in her path.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

When she turned around, she got even more annoyed at the sight of more troops locking her near the wall while pointing their guns at the blood monster.

She didn't seem too worried as this scenario had occurred at least three times and she got out of it forcefully every time.

"You never get tired, Don't y..."

Rumble Rumble!!...

However, just as she wanted to charge through the troops, her eyes widened in shock at the sight of the three walls around her getting deformed in shape like they were melting candy bars!

Then, they connected the melting parts with each other before getting hardened again, but this time, in the shape of a closed-shut cube!!

Rumble!!

With one last echo, the maze returned to its peaceful state...The only difference was that Duchess Alina had been successfully imprisoned inside a white adamantine cube with tens of troops!!

The viewers were left staring at each other with widened eyes in absolute shock.

Everything happened so fast, Duchess Alina barely managed to order her blood monster to move!

"How did I miss it..." Baron murmured in disbelief, "Felix's entire maze is under his control, and can shape it as he wished anytime!!!"