Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Don't tell me he is planning to use the same strategy he used on me." Marquise Sebastian raised an eyebrow in surprise after recalling how Felix managed to get rid of him in their empyrean game.

"He will be disappointed if he went for it." Marquise Alfred snickered, knowing that Duchess Alina was capable of spawning on any pool of blood in her external range.

In other words, if she realized that nothing could be done to free herself, she could easily spawn on one of the many blood rivers in the maze and restart her journey again!

Felix knew this as well as he had heavily researched Duchess Alina's abilities. 

'Keep her busy.' He ordered his troops calmly while beaming an epic explosive scroll.

Then, he faced Duchess Alina while still seated in a meditation position in the center of the maze.

He crumbled the scroll in his hand and made it hover above his palm with his mental energy.

"Activate." He uttered indifferently.

When the viewers noticed that the crumbled explosive scroll started to brighten up, all of them shared one reaction...Utter confusion!

"What the hell is doing?"

"Doesn't he know that it will blow off in two seconds?!"

While most of his fans were freaking out, Felix counted the time in milliseconds while narrowing his eyes in concentration at a black humanoid hollow golem.

It was staying at the corner of the cube while the rest of the troops were battling the blood monster with their lives.

'0.5...0.4...0.3...'

The instant a mere three milliseconds remained in the clock before the explosion of the scroll, Felix uttered under his breath, "Teleportation..."

Just like he said a magic word, His pupil turned gray, his skin was covered with illuminating green veins, and most noticeably, shimmering mysterious runic letters appeared on his antlers, making him resemble an ancient shaman!

Those capable of reacting fast enough to Felix's sudden change of appearance didn't even spend a millisecond looking at him, as their eyes were allured by a dazzling ashen-gray mystifying runic hex appearing above the crumbled scroll!!

"Impossible..."

"This can't be real..."

"How!!"

Before their eyes could even widen a bit in shock and disbelief, the crumbled scroll disappeared from Felix's palm!

No one was able to track it but Felix as his eyes never left that dark humanoid golem, whose stomach was blazing with a blinding light from within, but not a single light particle escaped outside!!

'Why are my danger senses tingling?!' Duchess Alina's suddenly felt goosebumps coursing on her skin, alarming her that something wasn't right.

Unfortunately, before she could take any action, that last runic letter of the scroll became bright.

Then...

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

Everyone was jolted out of their places after their ears were assaulted by an unexpected thunderous explosion, forcing them to switch their focus from Felix to the cube!

When they saw nothing but blinding flashing light, all the vampires across the universe felt their hearts fall to the bottom of their stomachs!

Everything happened so fast, even the alliance's inner leaders had yet to come to their senses after the noise quietened down and the cube turned into a streaming sauna, making it impossible to see within!

'Did I get her?' Felix tightened his fists as he scanned the cube for Duchess Alina's existence...When he didn't see any skeleton, he got a bit hopeful that his tactic had worked.

What a tactic it was!

WHOOOOOAH!!! LANDLORD!!!! WHAT THE F*CK WAS THAT!!! HOLY CRAP!!!

The instant Felix's fans got their sh*t together, they instinctively screamed and cheered a the top of their lungs with pure exhilaration in their eyes!

None of them had a single clue about what had just transpired, yet they still celebrated Felix after noticing that nothing was alive inside the cube!

Unfortunately, Felix wasn't planning on sharing the same happiness with them.

'Queen hasn't announced anything.' He frowned while scanning the rest of the peaceful blood rivers, 'She survived somehow. Did she manage to teleport to those pools in time? How? I had everything calculated. She can not pull off the teleportation in less than 0.2 seconds!'

Just like Felix was questioning Duchess Alina's means of survival, she was also losing her mind over his impossible-to-predict ambush!

'What did he do?! How can such a large explosion appear out of nowhere?! Did he put explosive scrolls inside one of those golems? But, it will be impossible to activate them from such a far distance! Maybe, he planted those condensed Agaditine gemstones instead? That can't be right too! Those gemstones are too sensitive and can explode with the first contact with air movement! I saw all of those golems sprinting all over the place!! WHAT THE HELL DID HE DO!' 

The southern blood river might seem peaceful from the exterior, but Duchess Alina, who was merged with it, was on brick of insanity at Felix's tactic!

She wasn't planning on showing herself until she figured it out!

While both Felix and Duchess Alina had stopped their advancement to focus on each other's peculiar methods of survival and ambush, every single viewer decided to watch a replay of their last confrontation after realizing that Duchess Alina had survived.

The first thing that they reacted to was non-other than Felix's space spellcasting!

"He really used a runic space spell, teleportation. I am honestly impressed and a bit alarmed." Jorōgumo, the mother of spiders expressed.

"I always had a hunch that he can use runic spells too after that little human learned them somehow." Erebus remarked, "Yet, not in my wildest dreams did I expect him to have runic space familiarity and even master teleportation."

The rest of the primogenitors nodded in agreement.

Although Lady Yggdrasil kept Felix's secrets to herself, all of them guessed that she must have succeeded in turning Felix into a runic spellcaster. His wooden antlers were already a big giveaway, don't even mention Olivia's situation.

The Darkin faction primogenitors had warned Duchess Alina about it, so she could be on alert if Felix used sand spells, poison spells, or such, in their battle.

Yet, none of them even bothered to consider the impossible notion that Felix had an insane space familiarity!!

They knew that it had to be monstrous since Felix barely spent nine years in the elves' royal family!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

For a complete beginner in runic spellcasting to master such a highly complex space ability, it was just on the border of insanity!

'This f*cking brat is unbelievable!' Saurous cursed furiously, 'Every single time! Every goddamn time he shows his face, he comes packing with something unpredictable!'

'I thought that Lady Yggdrasil's daughter's existence is already too unfair for the mortals. Now, another one has appeared and it has to be that bastard.' Wendigo massaged his forehead in exhaustion.

Throughout the elves' history, only a couple of insanely talented elves were born with gifts to comprehend highly complex elements while also having great runic familiarity with them.

It was just too rare for those combinations to appear in one person.

In the eyes of the primogenitors, Felix was one of them since he took almost no time to master a lesser space spell.

They had absolutely no idea that Felix only had great familiarity and cheated his way through with his wisps factory in the UVR!

"Tough luck for your little girl." Thor mocked as he looked at his enemies, "She will never guess that Felix has used a teleportation ability even if it was the last option."

"F*ck off." Saurous flipped him off in resentment, making Thor explode in mocking laughter.

Whether they liked to admit it or not, they knew that Thor was right!

Only foolish people would connect Felix's ambush with a teleportation spell.

It was far more likely for Duchess Alina to associate Felix using a void-related ability, such as manifesting a small void rift inside the golem and place a scroll inside.

'Don't let him get in your head.' Mannnangal said calmly, 'With such little time, that boy must have learned only space teleportation and other elemental spells if he had more runic familiarities. If he used the same tactic on Alina, it's bound to fail.'

'Indeed.'

'That's true.'

His partners nodded in agreement, knowing that even Selphie must have taken her many years at the start to master time spells when she was a beginner.

'Let's hope that your trust in your descendant pays off. Tiara of Aegis isn't going to protect her head again.' Saurous frowned as he watched the replay of the moment the explosion occurred, focusing specifically on Duchess Alina's head.

When the replay was played frame by frame, everyone managed to see a breathtaking gemstone-embedded tiara manifest a small-sized golden barrier around Duchess Alina's head!

The rest of her body was turned into nothingness by the explosion, however, the head wasn't even scratched!

After the explosion ended, the head was turned into a blob of blood before disappearing out of existence!

Clearly, Duchess Alina had teleported to the blood river at that moment and merged with it to recover the rest of her body.

"Damn those immortal zombies." Werewolves King Treznor cursed hatefully while closing the replay.

As the mortal nemesis of the vampires, he knew damn well that most of the high-leveled vampires were capable of recovering their bodies to peak as long as their brains were intact!

Felix knew so as well...That's why he aimed at Duchess Alina's head when he assassinated her at the start of the war.

But now, Duchess Alina came fully geared up to make sure that never happen again!!

 