Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Inside a small cozy room with warm, muted colors on the walls, soft lighting, and comfortable furnishings, Manananggal and his partners sat silently near a fireplace.

The room might emit a warm and inviting atmosphere, but those three's cold expressions negated it.

"What do we do now?" Saurous broke the silence with an icy tone, "We can't let things end this way."

"He is right." Wendigo stressed, "All of our strongest descendants have been taken out in this war. In other words, our presence in the games has been completely killed off."

Nothing was worse than this...They knew that all of their future games were never going to be entertaining anymore when they knew that an Asgardian had conquered their strongest players.

"What do you think?" Saurous addressed Manananggal, "You have been awfully quiet. Are you considering reviving Alina?"

Manananggal looked at them and said calmly, "No, I have no need for useless trash."

When he revived Duchess Alina and the rest of the nobility, he told them that it would be their last chance to redeem themselves...As a primogenitor, his word was sacred.

That's why Duchess Alina reacted so strongly to Felix's strike, knowing deep down that she wasn't going to be revived again.

As for the rest of the vampires? The Marquises were still alive and would handle the forceful immigration and such.

"I was thinking if I should resort to that plan now or wait until things die off and then go for it to not draw the irk of the council." Manananggal said.

"F*ck them, I say we do it now." Saurous said with a murderous look, "We already pretty much lost most of our reputation...This won't change anything."

"I agree." Wendigo nodded before asking, "Have you already arrived though?"

"I am staring at it right now." Manananggal replied while switching his focus to his main consciousness.

When he did so, his pupils reflected the peaceful beautiful blue planet Earth...

"Good, stream it to us." Saurous smiled coldly, "I can't miss this."

Manananggal opened the stream and showed them that he was hovering tens of thousands of kilometers away from Earth.

Although he was in the frigid coldness and desolateness of space, Manananggal was wearing a formal medieval aristocrat outfit, making him appear extremely charming with his fair pale skin and ruby lips.

He maintained the same indifferent expression like he wasn't affected in the slightest by one of the deadliest environments in the universe.

The most shocking part? He was dangerously close to Earth, yet not a single radar noticed him!

When Earth became the capital of the Federation, its defenses were enhanced immensely to match its status. Yet, they had absolutely no effect on Manananggal!

"Are you really going to stick to your descendant's plan?" Saurous inquired, "You are already so close, you might as well handle it personally."

"No." Manananggal shook his head in rejection, "It's best to not leave out any evidence of our involvement even if they were sure it was us."

The moment he finished speaking, Manananggal extended his palm forward and released an enormous rectangle-shaped smooth silver piece of metal from his divine spatial ring.

This was the planet-destroyer weapon, the only one in possession of the vampire race!!!

It was a massive and imposing piece of weaponry, with a sleek design. It was composed of a combination of extremely rare alloys and other materials, such as enhanced durasteel and unbreakable titanium, giving it  a durable and sturdy appearance.

At the surface of the weapon's face, there was some sort of a circular deep dent. At the edges of this dent, there were an uncountable number of holes.

Right now, the weapon appeared like a harmless piece of metal, but when it gets turned on, it became one of the scariest mass destruction ever invented in the face of the universe!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Manananggal commanded Queen AI to turn it on.

Just like a beast awakening to feast, glowing lines with intricate patterns began to brighten up with blue light across the entire weapon's body.

When it was fully brightened, the countless holes in that dent began to absorb the blue light akin to hungry black holes.

"I believe the firing sequence will take at least five minutes more or less." Wendigo asked, "Are you using your spiritual pressure to jam the radar signals around it?"

"Yes."  Manananggal answered calmly.

This was the reason Manananggal wasn't worried in the slightest that he would be drawing attention to him or alarming anyone on Earth.

His spiritual pressure was so overpowered, he was capable of easily creating a somewhat visible aura of pressure around him and the humongous weapon!

It stopped any kind of radar, no matter their technological advancement!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

To be frank, the planet destroyer weapon was already geared up with the best anti-surveillance system of this generation.

Even though Earth and the Federation were developing at an amazing speed, there was no way they would be able to secure a radar capable of passing through such anti-surveillance.

That's because only the metal race had that radar and they refused to share it with anyone so in case sh*t hit the fan, no one would be able to spot their weapons and they would be able to spot their enemies' planet-destroyer weapons!

Still, Manananggal used his spiritual pressure to be extra safe as he didn't have an understanding of such technologies or bothered to learn about them.

After five minutes passed, the countless holes on the edges of the dent were illuminating as brightly as the sun when their blinding white lights merged together!

Queen Ai informed emotionlessly, 'Omega Beam is ready to be fired.'

'Fire.'

Manananggal neither did a dramatic pause nor a countdown as he straightaway voiced the order while zooming at the pacific ocean or to be exact at the Sky Pearl Island!

The weapon was directly aiming in that direction as well!

Without emitting any noise, The circular dent fully disappeared out of sight and was replaced by trillions of highly dense white laser beams firing at a single point near the weapon.

With intrigued looks, Manananggal and his partners watched that focal point grow bigger and bigger until it was as gigantic as the circular dent!

The heat produced was so widely dangerous even Mannnangal was surprised to feel his skin starting to melt!

Stars weren't capable of melting his skin!!

Yet, he still didn't bother moving an inch away from the weapon.

'Omega beam is at full capacity...Three...Two...one...Release.' 

The moment Queen Ai voiced her last word, a brilliant and horrific milky white beam was fired in direction of Earth at the speed of light!

Not even Manananggal and his partners' reflexes managed to follow along the beam of light.

By the time they reacted, the beam of light had already created an explosion so apocalyptic, it had reached the exosphere and was still expanding after covering more than half of the pacific ocean...

This was just the initial explosion!

The dreadful shockwave arrived shortly, pushing a massive Tsunami that had its peak height almost touching the exosphere, which was more than 6,200 km further from the surface!

This Tsunami plus the destructive pressure of the shockwave traveled through the entire globe at an unprecedented speed and literally erased anything from the face of the planet.

Forests, mountains, buildings, and people...

It took a mere couple of minutes if not less to make a full circle and return to the pacific ocean that was now showing a gargantuan hole so deep and wide, only utter darkness was seen from it, making it earn being called a true abyss...

The rushing water kept pouring into it and disappearing into the abyss, making it resemble a sink but for a planet.

"Well, I will be damned." Wendigo commentated with an astounded look as he watched all the continents disappearing out of sight...

"With that boy's emotional instability, this is bound to break him alright." Saurous smiled diabolically, "I do hope it will cause him to snap and begin slaughtering our races after the war ended."

Saurous knew that if Felix did so, it would give them a reasonable excuse to kill him personally!

"Whether it happens or not." Wendigo stated indifferently, "This will teach him a lesson on getting involved in a conflict he can't handle."

"My job here is done." Manananggal turned around and sped away, leaving the planet destroyer weapon behind.

Since it was easy to recognize that its owner was the vampire's royal family through its unique code, it would easily help the Darkin faction primogenitor switch the blame on the dead Alina...

Manananggal and his partners found nothing wrong with that as this was Duchess Alina's plan all along!

To be more exact, she requested her ancestor to deliver the weapon near Earth so she could use it to blackmail Felix into surrendering in the war.

However, this plan wasn't perfect and would easily alert Felix and make him evacuate his family to safety first.

So, it was kept as a plan B...Plan A was the deathmatch that she lost.

She and Manananggal had already decided to use the weapon on Earth whether she lost the deathmatch or won it so Felix would feel the same pain she felt when she lost her home!

There was no way the pain was going to be the same when Earth was destroyed as a habitable planet and more than 40 billion citizens lost their lives in an instant!

An amount that was nowhere close to 0.1% of all the death of the three races combined in this war...

Felix was going to find out about this in the worst possible way.

A series of cold notifications from Queen Ai...

Vrr Vrr...

With two vibrations, Felix glanced at his AP bracelet with an easy-going smile, still enjoying Asna's shoulder massage.

The instant he glanced at the screen and saw what was written on the flood of notifications, his smile stiffened, his heart stopped beating, his brain suffered from a short circuit, and his breathing halted instantly...

"What's wrong?" Asna tilted her head in confusion after she felt Felix's shoulders tense up with the rest of his body.

When he didn't answer her, she looked at his bracelet and her heart fell flat while her pupil widened to the limit.

-I regret to inform you of the passing of Slyvia Ivanova.-

-I regret to inform you of the passing of Hina  Suzuki.-

-I regret to inform you of the passing of Leo Bridges.-

-I regret to inform you...-

-I regret to inform you of the passing of Charlotte Maxwell.-

-I regret to inform you...-

-I regret to inform you of the passing of Erik Boggous.-

After more than thirty names were dropped, Just when it seemed like the notifications were about to end, Queen Ai sent one more.

-I regret to inform you of the passing of Robert Maxwell.-

She really saved the worst for last as the moment it flew by Felix's eyes, his brain forcefully caused him to pass out after sensing his emotions going absolutely haywire...

Thud!

Felix's head landed on the couch with his eyes still wide open, but not an ounce of life was seen in them...

"Felix!! Felix!!! FEEELIIX!!!"