"It's weird, it shouldn't be this easy."

Even Lady Sphinx was surprised as she knew that Foremother Siamese would give it her absolute all to keep outsiders away from her celestial body...God knows how much she tried to enter the galaxy in the primogenitors' era.

The fact that Felix was given permission to bring companions made her feel even more weirded out.

"I hope I am not prying, but what did Lord Zurvan say exactly?" Lady Sphinx asked.

"He didn't say much...He agreed to the favor and told me he has assigned you a guide." Lord Osiris shared.

"I see..." Lady Sphinx played with her whiskers thoughtfully, 'Lord Zurvan is acting as if he has already anticipated our arrival. Did he glance through the future and see something important related to Felix?'

In the eyes of Lady Sphinx, this was the only thing that made sense in this bizarre situation.

She knew that Lord Zurvan was capable of more than just glancing at the future and was believed to be considered the true know-it in this universe.

Even her deep knowledge fell short before him, which was one of the main reasons Lady Sphinx kept attempting to enter the galaxy to score a meeting with him and get herself educated about some universal secrets.

"Did he give you the guide's information?" Lady Sphinx asked.

"Yes, I have forwarded it to you."

"Thank you for everything, we will get out of your air now." Lady Sphinx stood up and gave a slight nod in appreciation.

Felix bowed his head in gratitude as well...He wasn't certain about things coming to be this way but he was truly appreciative of Lord Osiris' trading his own favor for his.

He understood that if it was another primogenitor, he would have failed to secure the entry.

"Remember my words, child." Lord Osiris said emotionlessly, "Lord Zurvan isn't going to agree to your request, so focus on healing instead of putting your hopes on wishful thinking."

"I will keep it in mind, elder." Felix affirmed with a solemn tone.

After they left, Lord Osiris glanced through the window of his lifeless living room and murmured, 'What are you planning, Zurvan?'

As one of the oldest primogenitors, Lord Osiris used to spend a decent amount of time with Lord Zurvan before he decided to take on his experiment and ghost everyone.

So, he knew him well enough to understand that Lord Zurvan never made a move unless it had an end goal.

In his eyes, this must be one of them...

...

A couple of minutes later, Felix could be seen sitting at the round table with his tenants in his consciousness space.

"Lord Zurvan allowed me to bring companions for some reason." Felix disclosed, "I have no clue why he went this far, and honestly I am too grateful for the opportunity to care about the whys. So, I am bringing Noah, Olivia, Selphie, and maybe even Bodidi with me. That worm can use the time difference to enhance his space manipulation, which will be extremely helpful to me in the future."

Noah and Olivia's situation were self-explanatory. Both of them needed this journey to spend some time recovering from the trauma while simultaneously boosting their strength to no end.

Felix understood that if they spent a century or more inside the Elementals Galaxy, they would have much higher chances of breaking through the Origin Realm.

After all, the breakthrough required an incredible level of mental fortitude, and the only way to enhance it was through trauma and many experiences throughout a long period of time.

The Elementals Galaxy had everything to make their breakthrough happen and hopefully shock the entire universe with the first Origin Bloodliners with a primogenitor's bloodline to be born.

As for Selphie? Felix knew that Lady Yggdrasil would want him to take her with him when she hear about this godly opportunity to master more Time spells.

Honestly, Felix wanted to take her without needing Lady Yggdrasil's request since Selphie would be a great help for him and Olivia when it came to learning runic spells.

Last but not least, he wasn't convinced yet about whether to bring Bodidi with him or not.

Though, since there wasn't really any limitation to the number of companions, Felix felt that it wouldn't be so bad to take him with them if he desired.

"I am coming as well." Fenrir stated calmly, "I have already spoken to Noah and managed to convince him that there are many methods of revival and if he wants to explore them all, he requires the necessary strength."

Everyone here knew that was nothing but mere gaslighting, but at this point, Noah really had left no choice to Fenrir...Either he gave him a false hope to keep carrying on living or he would remain as a broken shell of his former self forever.

Who knows? Maybe he would end up accepting his little sister's death with time...

"Did he become normal again?" Felix asked.

"Well, he stopped talking at once now and has a crazy look in his eyes." Fenrir shared, "But, his will to live has returned stronger than ever. Right now, we are heading towards you."

"That's good to hear at least."

"I am sending a clone on this journey too." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "I can't waste such an opportunity to explore this mysterious galaxy finally."

This was an understandable reaction as no one really knew how the galaxy appeared or the planets inside of it.

Everyone only knew that it was packed with living inanimate objects and some rumors about the civilizations there.

Obviously, Lady Sphinx wasn't just going to sightsee but must be planning to keep her clone there permanently.

"I guess this should be all the members?" Felix inquired.

"How about me..." Candace sulked.

"I am sorry Candace, but you know I can't take you with me and leave the Void Nation without a figurehead." Felix smiled wryly, "I still don't trust the rest as much as you."

" Fine, I will stay behind. Good thing you know how to sweet talk a girl." Candace giggled.

"Thanks, I rely on you."

Since Nimo already learned how to open void rifts and travel in them, Felix wouldn't be strapped in the Elementals Galaxy if he ever desired to enter the void rift.

"Let's schedule the departure in two months." Felix stated, "I believe it's enough for everyone to arrive in time."

With that, the meeting was concluded and Felix exited his consciousness to space to contact Olivia, Selphie, and Bodidi to update them.

He started with Bodidi, who took the call in a heartbeat.

"Boss! Sob, Sob, I missed you!"

Before Felix could even speak, Bodidi broke into high-pitched sobbing with a flood of water bursting from his antennas.

"I missed you too, fatty." Felix replied with a faint smile as he eyed Bodidi, who seemed to have gained more weight than the last time he saw him.

Well, he was being well-fed through the many delivery orders of Malak.

"Have you succeeded in the promotion exam yet?" Felix inquired with a serious look.

"I have not..." Bodidi coughed in shame before adding, "But, as you know, they say that the tenth time is the charm."

"You really are something to fail every year..." Felix facepalmed, feeling like an idiot for believing in Bodidi to succeed in his promotional exam before.

"It's not easy!" Bodidi complained, "I checked all the boxes but I keep failing at opening mega long-distance wormholes. It takes a lot of time to master them, you know."

"Useless." Asna rolled her eyes at his excuse.

Fortunately for Bodidi, Felix had believed him as he knew  that Bodidi might be lazy and dumb, but he wouldn't put himself through the same exam for ten years straight if he wasn't serious about passing it.

"If time is the issue, I have a solution for it. If you are interested, meet me on Earth's moon."  L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"What do you me..."

Peep peep!

Felix hung up on him, not planning on giving him such a piece of risky and serious information. He knew that Fatty worm had a loud mouth and he might expose their special situation in the open.

Felix might have not been told to be secretive about their journey, but he still wanted to keep everyone on the low about it so it wouldn't bring trouble to their hosts.

After all, the only reason everyone was behaving was due to the threat of being expelled to the void plus knowing that no one was entering the Elementals Galaxy.

"Now, the hard part." Felix smiled wryly and hovered his finger over Olivia's name...As the main cause of her parents and friends dying, Felix didn't know how to face Olivia.

Still, he wasn't planning to be a coward about it and leave her a message or such...He toughened up and sent her and Selphie an invitation link to his house.

Just like Bodidi, it was accepted almost instantaneously, and those two beautiful flowers appeared in front of Felix and Asna.

"Felix..."

"Felix..."

Just like twin sisters, both of them suddenly teared up after seeing Felix and they couldn't help but rush in to hug him, stunning Felix for a moment as he didn't expect their reaction.

'I can understand Oli, but why is she hugging him too?'

A bit jealous, Asna remarked in annoyance in her mind as she watched Felix pat their heads with a bitter smile.

Still, she didn't break the hug and remained quiet about the situation, knowing that both parties needed it.

"I am sor..."

"Don't! I don't want to hear any apologies."

Olivia interrupted Felix and tightened her arms around him, making him realize that Olivia didn't want to bring the Earth's destruction around her.

"Thanks...Really."

Felix was more than grateful about this...