Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After spending more than an hour catching up with Selphie and Olivia, Felix decided to update them on the current situation.

He told them that he had obtained entry to the Elementals Galaxy and he could bring anyone with him...This shocked both girls as they didn't expect that it was even possible for anyone to enter it.

"I want you to accompany me." Felix requested, "It will be of great help to you."

Selphie answered instantly with an excited tone, "You don't have to tell me twice. I am in!"

She was more excited about the notion of adventuring with Felix than actually taking advantage of the time difference to learn new Time spells!

"I am in as well." Olivia said with a firm look.

"It's best if you think about it for a while." Felix advised, "I am not going there for a holiday. I am planning to stay for many millennia or more."

Felix wasn't joking one bit...Even though thousands of years was a long period of time to be spent on nothing but training and enhancing himself, Felix was still willing to invest it.

He understood that the only way to bridge the gap between him and the Darkins was by going through extreme measures!

"I don't mind staying there as long as you want."

"Likewise."

Both girls weren't frightened by Felix's commitment as one was just happy to be spending such a long time with Felix while the other understood that she had no one left behind to worry about.

In Olivia's eyes, she would merely end up killing someone in the magic academy if they kept bullying her after what happened.

"Alright then." Felix nodded with a faint smile, "Seek permission from Lady Yggdrasil first and come meet me on the moon."

After hearing their confirmation, Felix shooed them away so they could prepare for the journey as fast as possible.

Meanwhile, he began creating new wisps of consciousness and placed them in their previous locations...One of those locations was within Nimo's consciousness.

The moment Felix appeared in the throne hall, his presence completely halted everyone's movements and made them rush to the throne chamber with thrilled expressions.

Felix had put everyone at ease with his return and he spend the next three hours getting updated on all the important matters related to his nation.

"Since we are low in numbers and you clearly can't reproduce, I believe it's best to focus on one galaxy and sell territories of the other two." Felix disclosed calmly with his councilmen.

"I thought the same." Arthur nodded, "It's been hard four months trying to manage all three galaxies while fending off the alliances' advances."

"For the vampires' territory, we will trade it with the werewolves and winterwolves so they could finally own an entire galaxy to themselves." Felix stated, "Make sure to not rip them off as we need them to be on our side as allies."

Felix was merely doing this for Fenrir as there was no way he would rip off his descendants.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"For the Gremlins' galaxy, we will hold 20% of the most important territories and sell a divided 50% to the alliance in a public auction...The remaining 30% would be leased to the Sages and Humans on yearly payment."

Selling a divided 50% of the territories in an auction implied that it would end up getting purchased by multiple empires instead of just one party ruling it all.

Felix planned on splitting it into 5% in each sale to make sure that there were would be as many parties involved as possible.

As for the 30%? No matter how much the humans and sages offered, they would not be able to provide a good price for it.

So, it was best to split it in half and lease it to them on a yearly payment, which would benefit all parties.

This would leave the void nation to be the biggest holder of territory in the Gremlins' Galaxy even after selling most of it.

"Last but not least, the Astrian's Galaxy would be our home. It will be named the Void Galaxy and we would run it in a similar fashion as the dragon race." Felix concluded.

"Sounds reasonable." Meriam nodded in agreement with the rest.

Although their numbers were much fewer than the dragons, they knew that their management system was going to work just fine for them.

That's because the dragons' empire handed out their territories to their citizens based on hierarchy placement in the empire.

In this case, the councilmen would be rewarded with thousands of solar systems if not more while the lowest citizen would be given only a deserted planet or a small land territory on an upper-ranked planet.

Whether they decide to hire workers and create their own small nation on that deserted planet or remain on populated planets, it would be up to them.

Naturally, this was just the jest of the management process as there were many rules and details that still needed to be ironed out.

"Candace will handle the auction and the rest." Felix informed them, "I will be somewhat out of touch for the next decades or so."

Seeing that Felix didn't give out any details, no one dared to ask him for such private information.

So, they wished him good luck with whatever endeavor he was about to embark on and they promised him that they would build their nation to the best version.

Felix concluded the meeting after a few more hours and returned his focus to his main consciousness in the UVR.

Without wasting time, Felix called Queen Allura, and after spending a couple of minutes easing her worry about him, he requested that she hold an inner circle assembly for the sake of the void nation's joining the alliance.

"It's done." Queen Allura said, "Everyone will be invited in fifteen minutes."

Felix thanked her and hung up. Then, he contacted Zosia and gave her new specific orders to be delivered to the council.

Such as contacting the metal race and commissioning them to find out a method to expedite Earth's recovery if it was possible...Plus, if it was feasible to close the gigantic abyss in the pacific ocean.

Felix knew that if he didn't do this, Earth might take tens of thousands of years if not more before the climate returned to normal again.

By then, Earth would be merely a relic of the past and a tourist attraction for future generations.

"I will personally pay whatever they ask for. So, just make it happen in the name of the Federation." Felix said.

"I will try my best." Zosia assured him.

Felix thanked her and hung up without delay after seeing that the assembly had started for over two minutes now.

So, he swiftly accepted the invitation link and appeared on a new pedestal, which had rank twelve written on its back and the Void Nation's name on the front.

This implied that Felix was now representing the void nation and not the humans.

"Glad of you to join us." Queen Alfreda greeted with somewhat of an irritated expression.

"Thanks."

When Felix saw her like this, he couldn't help but chuckle inwardly as he knew that she must have been informed by Selphie about her departure to the Elemental Galaxy with him.

Knowing that Selphie would be alone with Felix in an unexplored and contactless area for thousands of years would make any big sister worry like crazy.

Unfortunately, she had no say in this when Lady Yggdrasil had already cleared Selphie to take the journey.

"Before we discuss anything, I want to emphasize somethi..."

"I know, you don't have to mention it." Felix interjected indifferently, "I am just here to fulfill my end of the bargain."

Almost everyone sighed in relief collectedly after seeing that Felix wasn't planning on taking Earth's destruction on them and ruining their deal.

"Where is the contract?" Felix inquired.

"Here." Arthur forwarded it to Felix, knowing that he wasn't interested in talking politics with anyone here.

The holographic contract was extremely thick, making it resemble a tome...It was packed with millions of terms, which touched almost every single thing in the alliance.

From Supremacy Games Platforms' revenue, business trades, military assistance, immigration policies, refuge policies, slavery policies, and the list goes on and on.

Naturally, there were some unique terms that were related to only the Void Nation.

Such as, the Void Nation's citizens were required to mandatory help endangered civilizations from the void invasion.

Obviously, it would be paid services that also reward tons of SGPoints, which translated to direct contribution to the alliance.

Felix read the contract from top to bottom carefully even though it was handed to him by Arthur, knowing that the contract was drafted by the ten rulers.

After seeing that most terms were reasonable and the Void Nation was benefiting from many of the alliance's services as well, Felix reached out with his finger under the anticipated looks of the leaders.

Felix scanned everyone's faces for a few moments and signed the contract without an ounce of hesitation.

-Congratulation to the Void Nation for joining the Supremacy Games Alliance!-

Fireworks were released in the assembly in celebration of this historical moment after the announcement was made by Queen Ai!

Clap Clap!...

"Haha! Welcome! Welcome!"

"We finally had a rightful member joining us!"

"How about we hold a banquet to cherish this moment?"

Besides a few leaders, the majority gave a respectful standing ovation to the new member of the alliance, knowing that this was the biggest signing for the alliance for a very long time!

The alliance was adding hundreds of members on daily basis, but most of them were newly discovered civilizations of an already-joined race.

However, this signing was for an entirely new race and species! To make it any better, they were one of the strongest races in the entire universe!

Felix remained quiet as he scanned everyone's faces, knowing deep down what they had in mind.

He knew that if it was up to them, they would have rather deleted the void race from existence than make them join their group.

Unfortunately, they were too hopeless to pull it off, making them choose the second-best option.

As they said, keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.

'Candace, make sure to rip them off clean in the auction besides our true friends.' Felix smiled coldly.

'You don't have to tell me twice.' Candace smirked diabolically, already planning on doing it.