Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Two Months Later...

Felix could be seen sitting on a long gray couch in a magnificent futuristic living room that had smooth metallic silver walls and a sliding glass door.

Fenrir, Lady Sphinx, Noah, Selphie, and Olivia were sitting next to Felix while Bodidi was forced to remain standing behind the couch due to his size not being supported by any chair.

Everyone had already arrived like seven days ago and had gotten familiar with each other.

Naturally, Fenrir and Lady Sphinx were treated in a completely different manner as no one dared to address them disrespectfully like their friends.

"My new spaceship will be arriving soon. So, have you handled everything before our departure? This is going to be the last checkup." Felix addressed everyone but his master and Fenrir.

"I am all set!" Selphie nodded with an eager look, appearing like a child embarking on an adventure for the first time.

Well, it wasn't farfetched as Selphie wasn't allowed to leave Forlond without permission from the Queen and her mother.

"Me too."

"I am good to go."

Olivia and Bodidi stated their readiness too...Even though Bodidi was contracted with the space worm delivery company, he was still allowed to go on such trips even if it meant having no connection with Queen Ai.

After all, he had an exclusive client contract with Felix, which allowed him to do anything he wanted as long as he had gotten permission from him.

"..." Noah nodded slightly without a change of expression.

Anyone who saw him now would mistake him for Noah in his teen years as he had completely reverted to his old mute personality.

The only difference was that he had a constantly hidden killer glint in his eyes, which would make anyone freeze in their places if they stared at him for too long...

Felix knew that it wasn't healthy at all for Noah to be like this, but regardless of what he said or did in the past week, Noah was as unresponsive as ever.

Felix somewhat worried that Noah might be blaming him for the death of his sister, but he found out that the thought didn't cross Noah's mind once.

In Noah's eyes, he was also part of the Asgardian faction due to his master...So, any casualties sustained in this faction conflict were blamed on no one but himself for his lack of strength to protect his people.

Nothing more, nothing less...

So, his killing intent was directed at no one but the Darkins just like Felix...On this journey, he wasn't planning on exiting the galaxy until he breakthrough Origin Realm!

Vrr Vrr!

"That must be it."

Felix glanced at his AP Bracelet and noticed that it was a call from Malak...As he anticipated, Malak informed him that his new spaceship had arrived and gave him the coordinates.

"Let's go."

Without delay, Candace opened a void rift and delivered everyone to the other side of the moon almost instantaneously. 

When they exited the void rift, Olivia, Selphie, Bodidi, and even Noah showed a slight reaction to the appearance of Felix's new spaceship!

"Woah...So massive!"

"Is this really yours, Felix?!"

"Oh...It looks even better than my royal family's spaceships."

"Meet The Eternal Nautilus." Felix introduced his new baby with a faint proud smile.

Standing tall at nearly one thousand kilometers in length, this massive spaceship was designed for two purposes: to journey to the farthest reaches of the universe and obliterate anything standing in its path!!

Its sleek milky white, aerodynamic shape was crafted to glide effortlessly through the void of space, and its powerful engines were capable of propelling it faster than the speed of light!

It was using the latest technologies in every single department, making it truly the state of the art for the beholder!

Stepping inside the Eternal Nautilus was like stepping into a world unto itself. The interior was a labyrinth of hallways, control rooms, sleeping quarters, and facilities for the crew.

Everywhere you looked, you saw the latest in high-tech equipment, from banks of screens and monitors to advanced artificial intelligence systems, to cutting-edge propulsion systems!

At the heart of the ship was the bridge, a magnificent control room where Felix and his crew could navigate the vast expanse of space.

The walls were lined with holographic displays, giving the crew real-time information on the ship's status and surroundings.

At the center of the room was the captain's chair, a sleek, high-backed seat with a direct line of sight to the main viewing screen.

The sleeping quarters were a testament to comfort and luxury, designed to provide the crew with everything they needed to make their journey as comfortable as possible.

As for its weaponry and defense system? Well, Felix spent around ten trillion coins and most of the budget went into it.

So, this didn't leave much for the imagination as it was clearly equipped with the best of the best.

Overall, the Eternal Nautilus was a true work of art, a symbol of the mental race's boundless ambition and ingenuity.

It was a vessel capable of incredible things, and Felix was determined to see just how far he could take it!

"Do you mind if we traveled in it to the wormhole?"

Felix asked everyone for permission, knowing that it would take them an extra month compared to getting transported by Candace.

Fortunately, no one seemed to mind as they were used to taking long times on their journies unlike Felix, who was spoiled by the void realm.

***

"We have arrived at your destination."

Queen Ai announced throughout every room in the spaceship, forcing everyone to log out from the UVR and regroup in the cockpit.

The first thing they saw after facing the humongous crystal-clear window was multiple colorful moons and dwarven planets surrounding a supermassive spherical wormhole.

The scene resembled an unconventional minimized solar system but with the wormhole acting as the sun.

Those planets and moons were clearly populated as there were millions of spaceships covering the entire area.

Though, most of them were cargo-based spaceships as they were entering and exiting the wormhole or docking near the planets and moons.

Before Felix and the others could feel awed by this magical and somewhat illogical sight, a thunderous deep voice resounded in their minds.

'If you don't have a permit to be here, begone while I am still asking politely.'

"What's that?" A bit worried, Olivia asked as the voice didn't seem like it belonged to a nobody.

"Believe it or not, it's the wormhole." Felix replied while narrowing his eyes at the supermassive wormhole, feeling like there were two eyes staring directly into his soul!

"So scary...This is the first time I hear an Elemental speak to me directly." Bodidi gulped a mouthful in fear, feeling like he was standing before his god.

As a space worm, his entire life revolved around wormholes...So, to hear one speaking directly to him wasn't easy to handle.

"This is Felix Maxwell, we have been granted access to the Elementals Galaxy and I have an appointment with Oceanic Goddess Follower, Monaka, to guide us through the process."Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Felix introduced himself and his purpose without wasting more time, knowing that the wormhole's consciousness wasn't to be messed with.

As a natural supermassive wormhole awakening his consciousness, it was bound to have perfect manipulation over the nearby space in addition to an extremely strong consciousness capable of killing mortals with a mere thought!

'It's you...I have no clue how did you manage to convince our foremother but if any of you dares to misbehave in our home and harm the citizens, you will wish to return to your homes.' The Wormhole's consciousness threatened with an emotionless tone, having not an ounce of fear from Lady Sphinx or Fenrir.

Unfortunately, he should be afraid as those two weren't to be threatened by anyone...

"When we came here in the good old days, you were still a mindless wormhole with one purpose." Fenrir spoke indifferently, "If you don't want to become one again, you better check your tone with me."

Before the wormhole's consciousness could react to their retort, Fenrir pointed his finger at it and threatened coldly, "Otherwise, I have no issue with freezing you to eternity."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Felix and the others didn't know how to react as they merely kept staring at Fenrir with dumbfounded looks, feeling like their chances of entry were ruined at the freaking entrance!

In their eyes, why would the wormhole allow them entry anymore when he was being threatened to his face?!

That's the difference between them and the primogenitors.

'It's Lady Sphinx and Lord Fenrir, my apologies! I did not expect you to be accompanying those mortals!'

While Felix and the others were still freaking out in their minds, the wormhole's consciousness made a 180 degrees switch in character, apologizing to them with a sleazy tone akin to a merchant who got caught in swindling his customers!

'Don't repeat it again.' Fenrir replied expressionlessly as he lowered his finger.

'Of course, of course, please head towards sister Komiana. Your guide is waiting for you there!' The wormhole's consciousness directed them to their guide while sweating bullets internally.

Who could blame him for being this fearful?

Unlike most of his brothers and sisters, half of his consciousness was situated on this end, which was outside of Foremother Siaseme's jurisdictions!!

This meant that if Fenrir really decided to use his ultimate ability on him and freeze him in time forever, there was literally nothing to free him...Not even his foremother!

Those inanimate objects and lifeforms treasure their lives more than anyone in this entire universe since it took them billions of years to become alive!

So, he wasn't stupid to sacrifice his precious life over making a stand against the wrong people!