Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Years ago, the visiting Elementals representatives made their first contact with the alliance.

When the alliance realized that they came from a unique galaxy that was filled with beings like them, their first thought was obviously forcefully conquering it.

Unfortunately, all of their people went missing and a connection to the UVR wasn't established...So their excitement washed away from the fear of the unknown.

This pushed the alliance to engage with the visiting Elementals representatives in a civil manner.

Through their discussions, they found out that their galaxy would remain inaccessible to outsiders and even reject the establishment of the network there.

Even though those terms were too hard to swallow for the ten rulers, they still agreed to have them join their alliance.

All because the Elementals had offered them multiple trading offers with an insane amount of elemental stones in return for the simplest and cheapest thing in the universe...Food! (Sadly, not in our reality in this year with its crazy inflation.)

This meant the alliance would never dare split ways with the Elementals as they were trading one of the most important resources in the universe with something they had an abundance supply!

As for why Elementals desire the alliance's food so much? Well, it was simple really.

Elementals could neither reproduce nor die...They do not have any desire for treasures or riches, and most of them could not embark on fun journies or such.

Since they could live for eternity by merely consuming a bit of elemental energy on daily basis, this left them almost absolutely void of desires.

It was obvious what boredom could do to someone who was immortal and without much desire.

To avoid having the elementals fall into the same crippling depression as the primogenitors, the elemental gods and goddesses decided to seek ways of introducing new entertainment to the lives of their followers.

After all, it would be the greatest irony to have elementals commit suicide after finally reaching their final forms by awakening their consciousness.

With some effort, they found out about the alliance outside of their galaxy and the UVR, the greatest source of entertainment ever invented.

The original plan was to join the alliance and introduce the UVR in the Elmenetals Galaxy, but it was shut down by Foremother Siaseme...The reason wasn't stated by her.

This forced the elemental gods and goddesses to switch to simply trading food with their infinite elemental stones.

By using their advanced consciousness prowess, the Elementals were capable of mimicking the tasting sense, allowing them to eat as much of that delicious food as possible.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

It might not seem like much, but the alliance's food was literally the glue that was keeping the Elementals sane in their galaxy!

...

After Felix and his companions spent an hour or so discussing the remaining rules, Miss Monaka finally concluded the meeting and embarked on the journey with them.

After they entered Elder Haemir's wormhole and exited on the other side, the first thing that Felix did was check on the network's connection.

"Not a single bar." Felix uttered, "We are officially out of Queen Ai's radar."

'I can't believe we won't be connecting to the UVR for centuries or more." Olivia murmured, "This feels kinda weird."

​ "Are you already having a withdrawal?" Selphie giggled.

In this Era, the UVR was like the worst addictive substance which was depended on by almost everyone.

Just like the old internet, it might seem like it had no bad effects when used, but when it was taken from someone, they end up with the worst possible withdrawal case.

Just one week without the internet would cause a daily user to feel like his life was thrown in chaos...Don't even mention, years, decades, or more!

"Toughen up and forget about anything related to the outside world." Felix advised them with a solemn tone, "If you really want to grow stronger in this journey, you can't have your focus on the outside world."

This was exactly what Felix planned on doing...Complete zoning in this galaxy to grow stronger as fast as possible.

Who knows? He might also integrate with his last bloodline here and find a way to break through the Origin Realm!

"Well, I suggest that you begin your training right now." Miss Monaka informed while yawning, "Strauvis is one month away."

"For real? I thought it will take at least a couple of years even if we took all the nearby wormholes." Bodidi asked with a curious tone, "Is the wormhole network here as advanced as the alliance?"

"It's not." Miss Monaka stated, "It's even more advanced."

"You're joking, right?"

Bodidi refused to believe this since his race owned the wormhole transportation system and they worked extremely hard to keep it afloat since each wormhole required continuous fuel of energy.

"Your wormhole network is operated by space worms while our wormhole network is operated by the spatial god, Yhendorn." Miss Monaka shared, "All the wormholes across the entire galaxy are his followers and listen to his commands. Unlike you guys, our wormholes are flexible in their pathing instead of them being fixed."

"What does that mean?" Olivia asked.

"Simple, their wormhole network can be considered as a breathing hive. They can communicate with them and make sure to reserve wormholes in advance to shorten their distance as much as possible." Felix eyed Miss Monaka, "Am I right?"

"Yes."

Miss Monaka approved casually, not caring about exposing such a secret since she knew that they would figure it out sooner or later during their stay.

"Flexible wormholes...We just stepped inside the Elementals Galaxy and my mind is already blown..." Olivia murmured with an awed tone.

She could not envision how could natural wormholes switch the points they were connected to at will.

But, this was the Elemental Galaxy, where nothing really was going to make sense and if she wanted to keep her sanity intact, she better strap in and believe herself to be in wonderland!

...

One Month Later...

The Eternal Nautilus could be seen flying at a moderate speed in direction of a humongous planet that was at least three times the size of Jupiter.

It had more than three hundred moons of varied colors and sizes orbiting it at different ranges, resembling a miniature solar system.

"Woaah...It's so beautiful." Olivia remarked with a look of wonder in her eyes as she stared at the magnificent planet from a window.

Although the planet was enormous and most likely could contain thousands of Earth, it still resembled it greatly as it had continents, oceans, mountainous chains, volcanos, forests, and even icy north and south poles.

Before the others could feast on the planet's beauty, all of them were greeted with a sonorous gentle voice in their minds.

'Welcome my dear guests. I hope you have a pleasant stay on my humble bod.'

"Thank you, elder." Felix bowed his head respectfully in direction of the planet, knowing that it was Strauvis speaking to them.

The others figured out the same and showed their appreciation as well, feeling more comfortable now.

Most of them felt like they were being blown by the wind as everything was new and weird. 

The fact that they had no Queen Ai or alliance to back them up made it even worse for them to feel at ease.

Fortunately, this feeling was gone with Elder Strauvis's welcoming words, knowing that if they were under his care, no one would bully them on this planet.

'Lord Fenrir, Lady Sphinx, I am honored to have been blessed with your company. If you require anything, please do not hesitate to voice your request.' Elder Strauvis addressed the primogenitors alone this time.

'Much appreciated.' Lady Sphinx smiled politely.

'The same goes back to you.' Fenrir stated calmly, 'As long as we occupy your land, you can ask us anything and we will do our best to ease your inquires.'

'Thank you!' Elder Strauvis sounded a bit delighted by Fenrir's offer. Who could blame him?

Although he was a giant planet awakening his consciousness, he could not move from his place unless he received permission from Foremother Siaseme.

This meant that he didn't have much understanding of the universe outside of his little bubble and it would please him a lot to gain some new knowledge.

'I have already spoken to the northern forest chieftain and he has accepted to have you stay in his land with his people.' Elder Strauvis informed, 'Little Monaka will lead you there.'

Felix and the others thanked him again and continued their journey toward the biggest continent on this planet, which resembled an upside-down Africa.

Because of the planet's humongous size, just this continent alone had a hundred times the land surface of Earth if not more!

After a couple of hours, the Eternal Nautilis stopped on the exosphere above a vast multi-colored forest.

Felix and his companions exited the spaceship and continued the rest of their journey on a much smaller spaceship that wouldn't disturb the environment as much as that behemoth.

Sometime later, the spaceship landed on an empty grass field that was surrounded by humongous towering trees that seemed to have faces on their trunks.

Whoosh!!

The spaceship's door opened and created a moving ladder.

The moment Felix and his companions stepped outside of the spaceship, they were smacked in the face by the freshest and cleanest air they had ever felt in their lives!

It smelt so good and just a single breath of it made them feel like their nostrils and lungs were cleansed by holy water!

"Dear lord...This isn't just fresh air alone...It's elemental energy thick enough to manifest as air!" Felix exclaimed with a look filled with awe as he kept breathing in and out like a crack addict!