This was Felix's reaction when he had absolutely no familiarity with nature.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

As for Selphie and Olivia? Just one glance at them and one would believe they were drugged out! Especially Olivia, who had the runic seed of life in her body plus insane nature runic familiarity, making her skin seem like she was glowing with a green aura.

"I feel like I am being warmly embraced..." Olivia uttered with her eyes closed shut, giving off a euphoric sensation.

"This is really an interesting sensation..." Selphie agreed with her as she floated around the spaceship, allowing the wind to carry her around.

Time element might be her specialty but she was a five elemenalist in reality with mastery over fire, wind, earth, nature, and time!

So, she was feeling like everything around her was breathing the same breath as her.

"This is nothing." Miss Monaka shared, "Wait until you experience elemental energy being channeled through you."

Just as Felix was about to dive into this subject, Miss Monaka took off into the woods, "Follow me closely if you don't want to get lost...The forest tribe loves messing with their guests."

Felix and the others didn't know what she meant by that and they weren't planning on finding out. Felix beamed the spaceship in his spatial card and chased after her with the rest.

Kikiki...Kikiki...

As they were walking through the towering woods and colorful falling leaves, all of them kept hearing eerie children giggles each time a breeze passed by them.

Olivia got close to Felix instinctively at this creepy situation while Selphie wanted to do the same but her moral compass stopped her since she wasn't really scared.

"What are those?" Felix inquired as he looked around him, scanning the moving leaves, branches, and stiffened trees.

"It's those little brats trying to prank you."

Miss Monaka floated to a pinkish glowing giant mushroom that was growing on a tree trunk and lightly smacked it in the head with an annoyed look.

Owo...Owo...

The giggles turned into a pained wailing immediately...The glowing mushroom shrunk in size and hid inside the trunk before an image of a humanoid little mushroom child manifested in the air akin to a ghost.

Before Felix and the others could react, hundreds of those little children manifested around them from countless hidden mushrooms!

"Bad Aunty! We will complain to you to father!"

All the mushroom children spoke simultaneously with grumpy looks.

"Little brats, who are you calling aunty?" Miss Monaka gave them a death stare as she manifested hundreds of water spheres around her.

"You better correct yourselves or this aunty is going to give you a well-needed shower." 

"Sis..sister, we were just playing..."

"Yes...Yes...Yes..."

All of the mushrooms' spirits disappeared instantly with horrified looks, retracting their beautiful mushroom tops into the soil.

"Much better...Follow me" Miss Monaka restarted her journey with a gentle smile as if nothing happened.

"Interesting, even as living fungi, they are still fearing being overwatered." Lady Sphinx commented.

She knew that when mushrooms were overwatered, the fungi get exposed to rot, stunting their growth and development. They also get prevented from reproducing which could cause them to die.

"Of course, we might have gained our consciousness, but our weaknesses are still there." Miss Monaka explained, "We just get better at defending ourselves...Nothing more or less."

"So, if a fire were to spread in this forest, what's going to happen?" Bodidi asked with a curious tone.

"Chief Cloveris will be forced to use fire to fight off fire in addition to requesting the lake sisters' help to put it off." Miss Monaka anwsered.

"Isn't that a bit too complicated?" Felix frowned, "Can't he just request the help of Elder Strauvis?"

"He can, but Elder Strauvis will never help." Miss Monaka explained, "As long as things haven't reached an apocalyptic level in his celestial body, he rarely interferes with anything ongoing. So, everyone is left to fend for themselves."

"I see..."

Only now did Felix begin to sense that something wasn't right with how things were being operated around here.

He always assumed that the planet's consciousness was keeping order and that anyone breaking it would be punished.

But in reality? He didn't seem to care at all and this made Felix understand  that life on this planet wasn't going to be as peaceful as he envisioned.

'I hope I am overthinking things.' Felix wished as he disappeared through the woods behind Miss Monaka.

Sometime later, Miss Monaka and the rest emerged from between a field of tall sunflowers.

The moment they appeared on the other side, Felix and his companions had their eyes widened in amazement.

"How mystical..."

"What in th...This is an actual village."

"It looks like it came out of a fairytale..."

All of them showed the same reaction of wonderment at the picturesque and enchanting village before them.

The village was surrounded by tall trees that provided shade and shelter, and the lush colorful leaves rustle gently in the wind.

In the center of the village stood a large, old-fashioned well, surrounded by cobblestone streets and quaint, colorful cottages. Each cottage had a thatched roof and a garden filled with fragrant flowers.

Yet, the most mystical part about it was the villagers as they were walking humanoid and beautified plants, fungi, trees, and almost all of the plants' families!

For the plants' families without the ability to terraform their shape, they release consciousness manifestations resembling floating ghosts like the previous mushrooms.

Everyone seemed friendly and happy to be doing their chores, like tending to their gardens or the livestock of many unique and new farm animals.

Felix and the others might not be sure, but all of them felt that despite its serene beauty, there was an underlying sense of danger in the villagers' eyes like they would never hesitate to protect their home and each other from danger.

"They are looking at us...What do we do..." Olivia spoke under her breath nervously after realizing that all of the villagers' eyes were on them.

"Don't be nervous." Felix smiled kindly as he stared back at the villagers after seeing that their eyes didn't carry malice but mere curiosity.

He knew that in their eyes, they seem more like interesting aliens.

"You want candy?" Selphie beamed a package of sweets and offered it with a gentle smile to a bunch of little flower kids in their ghost form.

Unexpectedly, the moment the villagers' eyes landed on that sweets box, all of them had their eyes brightened up like they had seen a treasure!

'Crap!'

Felix knew that look never ends well, making him snatch the sweets box from Selphie's hand and beam it in his spatial card.

This made the villagers' eyes turn dim again...Especially the kids, making Selphie feel bad.

"Felix..."

"We will give out our gifts to the Chief and Chieftain." Felix interrupted her, "It's best if they handled this since we have no idea of the situation here."

All Felix and his companions knew was that the Elementals desired food, making them prepare tons of food from all types to win their favor.

But this didn't mean that they should be throwing food on any Elemental they saw.

Felix understood that in this sort of situation, it was best for the leaders to handle it so they wouldn't be causing mass chaos.

"You're a smart little fella."

Suddenly, a humanoid ghost of a white wooden tree manifested before Felix and his companions. Although he seemed to have praised Felix, he had a strict and distant expression.

However, he was followed by a giant ghost of a humanoid sunflower, who had long golden hair, pinkish lips, fair skin, and was wearing a dress out of her own green leaves.

She had the sweetest and kindest smile that was enough to melt anyone's heart and calm crying children with a mere look.

When those two beings were standing next to each other, they truly resembled a stern father and a loving kind mother.

The villagers seemed to think so too as they treated them with similar respect.

"Chief Cloveris, Chieftess Sunflower, I have brought the guests." Miss Monaka informed politely.

"Thank you, Monaka." Chieftess Sunflower showed an appreciative kind smile before turning to Felix and his companions. Then, she requested, "Please follow us to the village hall."

Without saying much, they went after them, walking through the mystical village.

It might seem serene and enchanting, but it was nowhere small...In fact, it could be considered a city based on size alone!

After a few minutes of speed walking, Felix and the rest arrived at the biggest cottage in the village.

What was surprising about it was the fact it was built inside a humongous thick white tree that was hollow from the middle.

They took a set of stairs to reach the cottage while looking below them at the gathering villagers underneath the white tree.

"This must be the Chief's body." Olivia murmured softly near Felix's ear not able to use the telepathic messaging anymore without Queen Ai's involvement.

Just as Felix was about to agree with her, Chief Cloveris replied composedly, "It is not my body."

"Ah...I am sorry." Olivia apologized hastily.

"No need to apologize, It's my fault for not introducing myself properly."

Chief Cloveris hovered in front of the hall's door and turned to them. He stared at them for a moment and then introduced himself with the same stern look, "I have been named Cloveris by Elder Strauvis. I am the consciousness of the entire Northern Forest and the chief of Emerald Glen village."

While Olivia and the others gasped, Lady Sphinx and Fenrir didn't show much of a reaction as they had already anticipated his response after sensing his consciousness prowess.

Felix and the others might not be able to see it, but Chieftain Cloveris' was emitting an insane intense aura that was big enough it covered the entire forest akin to a barrier!

This made her understand that he had reach and control over everything inside this forest...Even them!

He might be just a mere forest's consciousness, but they understood that he was an extremely dangerous individual, who could easily match primogenitors' consciousness strength in his territory!

'This galaxy is truly filled with hidden dragons and crouching tigers.' Lady Sphinx smiled faintly, 'How interesting.'