Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bodidi was forced to swallow a mouthful in dread as his entire world had been flipped upside down at the chief's statements.

Even Selphie, Noah, and Olivia were somewhat taken aback as they always assumed that the primogenitors were the strongest beings in the universe.

Yet now, they hear that it would be hard for them to deal with the chiefs on this planet...It was too hard to swallow.

"Don't be giving us those looks." Fenrir said expressionlessly, "Those chiefs merely have a close consciousness prowess as us, making it impossible to defeat them by using our spiritual pressure."

"He is right." Chieftess Sunflower nodded, "We might be able to match their spiritual pressure, but it doesn't mean that we can defeat them in a normal battle. The only condition that makes it possible to survive their onslaughter is if Elder Strauvis or Foremother Siaseme stripped them out of using their elemental manipulation."

"That's possible?!" Olivia exclaimed.

"Of course it is." Lady Sphinx cleared her doubts composedly, "As long as we are in Strauvis' celestial body, he has rulership over elements and laws. If he wants, he can disable the sand elemental energy and laws, making it impossible for us to manipulate something that doesn't exist. He can even take it a step further and disable neutral energy to ban us from converting it into elemental energy."

This was the true horror of Elementals in their own environments as they were considered as nature itself awakening!!

Even the primogenitors knew that they could not mess with nature since she had a firmer control of elements than them.

After all, nature was part of the universe while they were merely normal creatures who got bestowed with those gifts.

Sure those gifts turned them into gods, but in front of nature itself? Even the strongest of them all was absolutely hopeless against Foremother Siaseme in her territory!

Felix wasn't an idiot to enter the Elementals Galaxy before making thorough research from all sources to understand what he was going to be dealing with.

​ So, he already knew that as long as he was in the Elementals Galaxy, it was best to avoid fights with the natives as they were considered supreme in their environments.

"Isn't that just a god in disguise?" Bodidi took a deep breath.

"It's not farfetched to call him as such since he holds the fates of everyone on his celestial body." Fenrir agreed calmly like none of this was considered a threat to him.

It was for a good reason.

"The universe is a just and balanced place...We might be considered gods in our own bubbles, but the moment we exit it, we lose almost all of our strength and prowess, making it possible for even you to defeat us." Chieftess Sunflower confessed with a gentle smile as she eyed Felix and the others.

"Now it makes sense." Bodidi sighed in relief.

He really was on the verge of a mental breakdown at the thought that the Elementals Galaxy could easily run down the entire alliance's territory whenever they desired.

"Is this why conflicts are happening between the tribes?" Felix inquired, "Chiefs desiring to conquer more territories and expand their consciousness' range, allowing them more freedom to exert their domain?"

"That's merely a small part of it." Chief Cloveris nodded in agreement before adding, "The real reason is that with more territory gained, new elemental stones mines get created without harming the ecosystem. This allows the tribes to trade for more of the alliance's food."

"In the end, it all returns to food."

Selphie smiled wryly, feeling a bit uncomfortable with the thought that the Elementals were going through so much trouble and even waging wars against each other for mere basic food.

"I am sorry but I have always wondered..." Olivia asked with a curious tone, "Why don't you guys learn how to cook your own food? I don't think it's hard to learn some of our recipes and recreate them here."

"Who told you we aren't already doing that?" Chieftess Sunflower smiled, "We cook what we can but since we really don't need the food for nutrition but just for the taste, it's hard to rival the wide range of the alliance's cuisine."

"Makes sense."

Felix understood that it was like this also on Earth and every other planet in the alliance.

One could try his very best to make the best pizza, but it would still not be as great as pizzas made by the OG Italians chefs.

The same applied to the Elementals as no matter how much they tried to copy the alliance's cuisine, the taste would always be lacking compared to the real deal.

Hence, it was best to just trade their useless elemental stones for the best food instead of focusing completely on just making their own food.

Honestly, if the Elementals were allowed another source of entertainment, they wouldn't have batted an eye on the food.

Alas...This was the only thing that could be traded with the alliance and bring them some sense of joy.

"Speaking about food, is there a warehouse in the village?" Felix shared, "We didn't come empty-handed and we hope to repay your hospitality with at least some food."

"You don't have to repay us with anything." Chieftess Sunflower smiled kindly, "We accepted to be your host without any ulterior motives."

"I know, but we still insist." Felix stressed, "Please, just take it as a gift from your guests."

Seeing that Olivia and the others seemed to be hell-bent on paying them back, Chief Cloveris could only accept their gifts to not make the situation too awkward...It was bad manners to reject a gift if it meant well.

So, the chief and chieftess took Felix and his companions to the nearest warehouse while they were being followed closely by most of the villagers.

Although it seemed quite intimidating to be followed by thousands of different plants and ghosts, no one seemed to be afraid since they always kept a respectful distance.

"This is a bit too small for what we prepared." Felix commentated as he scanned the wooden warehouse that was as big as a standard house...It was already half full with many containers.

'Whatever, I will give them the rest later on.'

Without further ado, Felix beamed giant red and blue metallic shipment cargo containers in front of the warehouse, putting them one after the other until a towering metallic cube was built by them.

Felix opened them with his AP Bracelet, leaving the villagers to have their mouths and eyes wide open at the magnificent sight inside those containers!

The children were drawn to the containers packed with colorful candy boxes filled with Chocolate bars, Gummy bears, Skittles, Jelly beans, Taffy, Hard candy, Lollipops, Mints, Caramels, Licorice, and hundreds more different sweets.

As for the adults? They felt their souls rejuvenated at all sorts of packed-up dishes, ranging from Pizzas, Pastas, Steaks, Seafood, Tacos, Sushi, Salads, Sandwiches, Fried Chicken, and to Barbecue ribs!

This wasn't all as Felix brought with him other types of desire fulfillment such as cigarettes, cigars, pongs, and many different drugs to be enjoyed.

He knew that Elementals could not be affected negatively by them or get addicted, leaving only the good euphoric side of drugs.

"It's chocolate!! It's chocolate!"

"Finally I can taste the alliance's heaven-defying fried chicken again!"

"Are those cigars? Holy, I heard they have been banned!" 

Whether it was an old villager or a young one, every one of them was beyond ecstatic by Felix's collection of gifts.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I still have more, but I doubt this warehouse will hold everything." Felix said.

"This is already too much for us!" Chieftess Sunflower waved her hand in agitation as she stared at the mountain of containers.

"Is it?" Olivia tilted her head in confusion, feeling like she was overreacting over dozens of containers.

"Believe it or not, this is the largest package of food we have gotten ever." Chief Cloveris said with a faint bitter smile.

"For real?"

This news took even Felix by surprise, don't even mention the rest.

"He isn't lying to you." Miss Monaka explained calmly, "You must assume that our entire galaxy should be swimming in the alliance's food since it is an available resource."

Olivia and the others nodded in agreement...In their minds, the alliance would never reject trading more elemental stones for mere food.

"But, you are failing to account for one point..." Miss Monaka sighed, "The massive time difference between us."