Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Everything clicked in their minds after hearing her response.

Before getting interested in the Elementals' Galaxy, none of them knew about the time difference since the Elementals had done a great job of keeping it a secret.

This made them continue assuming that the trade between them and the alliance was normal.

But in reality? Having the time difference at a hundred made it impossible for the alliance to keep up with the Elementals' food demand.

After all, a mere year was considered a hundred in the Elementals Galaxy.

This implied that by the time the food run out in the Elementals Galaxy, not much time had passed in the eyes of the alliance.

"To avoid crashing the elemental stones market by overflowing it, we have decided to limit the trades to a reasonable number even if it meant our people spending years without tasting the alliance's food." Miss Monaka sighed.

Felix and the others understood that if they didn't do so, the elemental stones would be diluted in value, which would cause the quantity of food traded to reduce slowly with time.

Instead of falling for this and getting taken advantage of by the alliance, it was better for them to be the ones controlling the flow of the elemental stones market.

This naturally resulted in having not enough delicious food going around in the galaxy, which turned it into a treasured resource.

"I don't understand, why don't you ignore the alliance and sell your elemental stones directly to the consumers to earn much more coins." Olivia tilted her head in confusion, "This will allow you to buy food directly as well from any empire you choose...Isn't it much better?"

"It is much better." Miss Monaka shook her head, "Unfortunately, our partnership forbids us from going around the official alliance's trades."

"They can do that? Aren't you part of the inner circle?" 

"We might be an inner circle race, but we haven't signed the same contract as the others." Miss Monaka shared, "The ten rulers wanted access to our galaxy or at least establish the UVR's network there. However, our refusal made them consider us as mere business partners instead of actual allies."

In other words, even though the Elementals Race was an inner circle member, their benefits were actually much fewer than outer circle races.

Even though the alliance desired their elemental stones heavily, it didn't mean that they would allow them to walk over them.

Thus, just like the Elementals limited the alliance's involvement in their galaxy, the alliance also limited their involvement in their matters.

It was a fair trade.

"Anyway, if you guys desired more food, please don't hesitate to let us know." Felix said as he watched the villagers clamoring with heated looks directed at the containers, knowing that it was mean to keep teasing them like this.

"As I have already told you, this is more than enough." Chieftess Sunflower smiled, "Save the rest for your journeys, you will be needing it a lot."

"For now, how about we show you your lodging?" Chief Cloveris remarked.

"Please."

Felix and his companions followed Chief Cloveris through the trees and cottages, leaving Chieftess Sunflower to handle the distribution of the food to the villagers.

It was clear that everyone here had an insane mastery over their consciousness control as they were using strong telekinesis without breaking a sweat.

When Felix looked behind him, he saw a heartwarming sight of the villagers lining up and receiving their portion of the food with big smiles on their faces.

Whenever someone took his portion, he didn't escape or seem afraid of having it stolen. Instead, he went to his nearest villager and invited him to eat with him.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Even the kids did the same with their candies and chocolates, creating big groups with various types of candy, so each one could taste a different candy.

'Food might be the only source of happiness to them. Yet, they seem content with whatever they got.' Asna commentated.

'Being content is a virtue that is going extinct slowly in the alliance.' Felix smiled bitterly, knowing that he was also void of such emotion as his ambition and greed made it impossible to be content with his achievements.

Those Elementals' reaction was a pure example that happiness was correlated with the content of one's possessions and life in general.

It didn't matter if one was a king who had everything in his life, if he wasn't content, he would never be as happy as a content underprivileged person...

...

Sometime later, Felix and his companions could be seen sitting in a circle on the floor of a humble wooden cottage.

Lady Sphinx and Fenrir were sitting on the only available chairs in the cottage...This was Felix's personal cottage and the others were also given their own homes.

After he showed it to them, he informed them that there would be a small welcoming party in the village's plaza at midnight...Then, he departed, giving them some privacy.

"I think it's best to spend the next centuries or so in the Emerland Glen Village." Felix suggested, "Oli and Selphie can improve here and I can learn new space spells."

Although Felix was told that he would be recommended to The Third Ocean Queen Merlinia so he could improve his water manipulation, he didn't want to seize the opportunity right now.

In his eyes, since he was already here with everyone, it was best to take advantage of the situation to learn as much as possible from Selphie about spatial spells until he hit a hurdle...Then, he could switch to focusing on his manipulations.

"You guys do what you want, I will be taking Noah to the North Pole." Fenrir shared calmly.

"Are you planning to stay there until he is ready to break through the Origin Realm?" Lady Sphinx inquired.

"I still have no clue if he can even pull it off or not, but getting there mentally and physically is a good start." Fenrir replied.

Felix and Olivia couldn't help but frown a bit at the thought of breaking through the Origin Realm.

In the bloodline integration system, it was extremely straightforward...Only those with a great will to transcend their race by devouring the last bloodline integrated would be rewarded proportionally.

The rest end up getting killed without another chance to make amends.

It might seem straightforward, but in the eyes of most 6th replacement bloodliners, it was nothing but a way to seek early death.

After all, something such as 'Will' or mental fortitude couldn't be really measured.

This made it almost impossible for anyone to be 100% certain about their breakthrough to the Origin Realm.

So, only the bloodliners who reached the end of their longevity decide to throw what remained of their lives at a wild chance of breaking through the Origin Realm.

Unfortunately, even though all of those bloodliners had lived ten thousand years if not more, and had enough wisdom to be shared for generations, they still ended up failing this step.

So, the 'Will' wasn't defined by age.

It was this difficult for normal bloodliners with mere beastial bloodlines...Now, imagine being daring enough to devour a primogenitor's bloodline!

"I am fairly certain that it's possible for you to help out in the process." Lady Sphinx said calmly as she eyed Fenrir, "As long as you can control your bloodline and keep it dormant in the process, it will be devoured without many issues."

Only Olivia and Bodidi seemed taken by Lady Sphinx's statement.

Fenrir, Felix, and Noah already knew that there was a great possibility of cheating the breakthrough by utilizing the primogenitor's help!

After all, the beastial bloodlines inside the bloodliners were wild and acting based on instinct, making it impossible to conclude the process without a hellish battle.

But in the case of primogenitors' bloodliners? There wasn't such an issue.

"I don't know, that seems cheap and undeserved." Fenrir replied with a solemn tone, "If there is one thing I am certain about in this universe, is that actions have an equal effect."

"I think so too." Felix nodded, "If we ended up breaking through the Origin Realm in this easy manner, I have a feeling that we will be f*cked big time in terms of strength enhancement."

Felix understood that Origin Realm was a huge milestone for a bloodliner since it was the time when he legit undergoes a permanent metamorphosis.

If it was successful, he emerge as a new race with a human foundation.

He felt that the extreme difficulty and challenge were a testament to the universe, that this new race was deserving of his metamorphosis.

If primogenitors interfered in the process, it wasn't known if the process would work or not...The only thing that Felix was sure about is that his metamorphosis would be undeserving.

"Well, all of this is still mere speculation." Fenrir said as he patted the silent Noah's shoulder, "My boy here has already decided to go through the process without my help. So, the only thing I can do is prepare him for it."

"Make sure to call us when you are about to go through it." Lady Sphinx said, "It will be helpful data for Felix."

Everyone here knew that Felix still had one more bloodline in his path...So, he was still far from assaulting the Origin Realm compared to those two.

Unbeknownst to them, Felix's situation was quite unique and there were still doubts about whether the next bloodline would be his last or not!

The only one to truly find out was by entering the 6th replacement stage and see if his 1% human bloodline was able to accept newer primogenitors' bloodlines or tap out like most humans.

Until then, everything was mere speculation, which was why Felix and his masters rarely brought out this subject...