Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

At midnight, Felix and his companions went to the plaza to join the welcoming village party.

It was a lively and boisterous event, full of merriment and revelry. The air was filled with laughter, clinking glasses, and the twang of lutes and other musical instruments. Torches and lanterns lit up the cobblestone streets, casting flickering shadows on the buildings and the faces of the merrymakers.

In the plaza's center, a grand feast was laid out on long tables, surrounded by benches for the guests and villagers to sit on.

The villagers dressed in their finest attire, their clothing a colorful tapestry of greens, blues, and golds, gathered around the tables to enjoy the food and drink bestowed upon them by their guests.

Although the villagers knew that Felix and his companions had their own food stored, they still kept offering them their own shares throughout the feast.

Olivia and Selphie ended up crumbling to the villagers' persistence and ate with them.

While Bodidi was shameless enough to keep filling his stomach with anything his antennas had locked on, forcing Felix to smack him in the head to discipline him.

While the villagers were eating their food, Felix couldn't help but feel a bit weirded out as the sight was quite bizarre.

Whether the villagers were in their ghosts or actual form, they keep eating the food just like anyone else...Chewing it and then swallowing it, making it disappear into the ether instantly.

'I don't get it, why don't they just taste the food instead of eating whole?' Asna tilted her head in confusion at the sight as well.

She felt that the food would be kept for a long time if they simply enjoyed the taste instead of actually eating it. 

It might not seem obvious, but she understood that the moment the food was swallowed, they literally use their consciousness prowess to erase it from existence...Willingly!

This just seemed like a waste for a resource that was extremely treasured in their eyes.

'Indeed, the smartest decision is to taste the food and keep it intact, but those Elementals understood that the joy of food isn't just the taste but the whole process.' Lady Sphinx answered her, 'In their eyes, it's meaningless to imitate the tasting puds and leave the rest. Plus, this way makes them treasure the taste of the food much more, which is their original purpose.'

'You're right.'

'The only desire that brings them happiness was food and they knew that if they have too much of it on daily basis, it would lose all meaning.'

Felix and Asna nodded in understanding at her explanation.

They knew that the Elementals didn't seek the alliance's food for anything but its divine taste and it would be almost criminal to ruin it with too much quantity.

So, even though most of them complain about the lack of the alliance's food, none of them dared to be stingy when it came to eating it to give themselves the best possible pleasure.

Otherwise, they would be truly living a dull life if they ruined the only thing that brought them a true sense of joy in their eternal lives...

....

At Dawn, Noah and Fenrir excused themselves from the party and embarked on their journey towards the North Pole.

Felix and the rest continued to enjoy the villagers' hospitality until the party concluded with a morning breakfast.

The villagers returned to their duties without an ounce of tiredness while Felix and the rest went back to their cottages for a short power nap.

As for Lady Sphinx? She left everyone behind and embarked on her own exploration journey, hoping to find new stuff to experiment on.

After Felix and the rest woke up from their nap, they went deep into the woods outside of the village, heading towards a personal training ground created by Chief Cloveris.

"Chief really listened to us and went all out." Felix showed a look filled with gratitude at the sight of their training ground.

It resembled a peculiar dimensional pocket inside a thick forest as it was a vast empty space of grass field that was surrounded by trees in a circular shape.

Inside this grass field, there was a big wooden cottage with a chimney in it and a front board that had 'Potion Cocoction Lab' written on it.

Naturally, Felix needed his own lab to continue his potion-making practice since the UVR wasn't an option anymore.

On the other side of the grass field, there was a giant mound with a dark cave at the bottom.

Felix could see with his unique vision that the cave was leading to an underground training area. This was extremely helpful for Selphie's earth-runic spells. 

This wasn't all as there was also a specific area to boost wind elemental energy and also nature elemental energy.

"You girls really have gotten the best training ground in the universe."

Felix chuckled, knowing that with the thickness of elemental energies and the time difference, not a single alliance's training ground would match this one.

"This isn't all. If you guys require my assistance to boost the elemental energies even more, feel free to call me."

Chief Cloveris' deep stern voice rustled through the trees and was carried by the wind from every direction, resembling the forest talking to them.

"Are you talking about channeling the elemental energy through us?" Felix inquired, remembering what Miss Monaka had said previously.

"Exactly."

"May I ask how that works?"

"How about I show you instead." Chief Cloveris requested the girls, "Little ones, please sit on the ground."

Selphie and Olivia did as they were told with intrigued looks.

Whoosh Whoosh!

Out of nowhere, a light green aura began to manifest in the air and spin around them akin to a visible breeze!

The more it span around them, the darker its color had gotten, making it seem like it was changing its form from a gas to a liquid state.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"This is nature's elemental energy!" Olivia exclaimed with a shocked look as she reached out with her finger to touch the circling green breeze.

The moment her finger made contact, her entire body began glowing like it was being recharged. Olivia was forced to close her eyes and take deep breaths as she was feeling absolute euphoria like all of her cells were being massaged simultaneously.

Whoosh!

Just as Selphie wanted to do the same, the breeze stopped circling around them and began going through them before emerging on the other side and repeating the process over and over again.

Thud Thud!!

Both girls ended up falling face flat on the ground with wide smiles and a bit of sexual look that would make anyone misunderstand the situation.

"How do you feel?" Felix inquired with a curious tone.

"Like a feather being carried by the wind..." Selphie mumbled with a hazy look, seeming like she was trying her best to keep herself from moaning in pleasure.

"Is it that good?" Bodidi wondered out loud as he reached out with his left antenna at the green breeze.

Unfortunately, even though the green breeze went through it, he felt absolutely nothing.

"This is condensed nature elemental energy and only those with its affinity can feel and absorb it." Chief Cloveris shared, "Looks like you girls haven't really absorbed such a pure natural elemental energy before. Your body isn't adjusted to it yet, so you will be acting like this for a couple of years when exposed to it."

"Bring it on..." Olivia murmured with a happy expression, "I feel like I can't live without it anymore."

'Doesn't this remind you of something?' Asna chuckled.

'It was my first guess the moment I saw their reaction.' Felix's eyelids twitched after recalling how he was behaving when Asna kept feeding him with purified elemental energy to increase his affinities in the old days.

It was the best euphoric feeling in the entire world...Unfortunately, he ended up getting used to it with continuous exposure. Now, absorbing purified elemental energy or not was the same.

'I guess this would have pushed their nature affinity if it wasn't already at 100%.' Felix remarked.

​

'I believe it will push it much higher.' Lady Sphinx suggested, 'This process is more or less like cleansing the body and making it more attuned with the element. So, if they kept being exposed to this condensed nature energy, it will most definitely help them connect with the nature particles much faster.'

'For real?!'

Felix's eyes brightened up a bit, knowing that if it had this much effect on runic spellcasting, his elemental manipulations would greatly benefit from it!

After all, elemental manipulations depended heavily on affinities and if Felix managed to boost it immensely, he would easily be able to increase his manipulation ranges by insane jumps!

It was like a cheat way to finally fix his garbage talent when it came to his elemental affinities!

'Sh*t, it looks like I really need to befriend the other chiefs to make them help me with this.' Felix narrowed his eyes dangerously, 'I can't miss out on such a god-sent gift even if it meant getting my hands dirty!'