Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Felix planned on spending the next centuries in the Emerland Glen Village to train his spatial spells but at the same time gain more knowledge about the other villages and cities around the world for the sake of finding a way to avoid the wars.

But now? He knew that those chiefs might give him a training ground without helping them in their conflicts but they would never channel the elemental energies through him.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

It was a personal process and obviously, only their friends could enjoy it.

'Looks like I need to find out everything there is to know about the desert tribes, swamp tribes, thunder tribes, water tribes, and even the gemstone tribes to befriend them.' Felix thought.

'I doubt you need to try hard with the gemstone tribes.' Carbuncle said casually, 'You are an inheritor of the Root Gemstone. I have already told you that it allows you to control all gemstones whether alive or dead.'

'I doubt he can control the gemstone tribe chiefs.' Elder Kraken interjected, 'You can easily do so but his consciousness prowess isn't as great as those chiefs...So, they will be able to resist his control.'

'Hmmm, you're right, I haven't thought about the consciousness difference. Forget what I said, kid.' Carbuncle waved his hand and returned to smoking pongs in silence.

Felix's eyelids twitched as Carbuncle raised his hopes just to have them crushed in less than a second.

'Maybe you can't control those chiefs, but they might feel more inclined to befriend you because of your Root Gemstone.' Asna mentioned.

'Maybe, the only way to find out is by visiting them.' Felix dropped this subject as he had no time for empty speculations.

He glanced at Selphie and Olivia, who seemed asleep peacefully on the ground, and asked with a solemn tone, "Chief, is it possible to learn more about the world's structure?'

Since this planet was packed with conflicts, Felix was certain that there must be some sort of hierarchy in place when it came to the tribes' prowess.

"Sure, follow me. It might take a while."

Chief Cloveris manifested as a humanoid man made out of grass blades in front of Felix...Then, he walked towards the concoction lab while followed by Felix, leaving Bodidi and the girls behind.

After they sat down on a small wooden cafe table, Chief Cloveris took a deep breath and looked directly into Felix's eyes.

"Kid, since your masters have left you here, I feel like your safety is my responsibility. So, whatever you hear about my world, I wish that you stay away from any conflict." Chief Cloveris stressed, "It's for your own safety."

"I appreciate you looking out for me, but I am afraid that's not an option anymore." Felix replied with a flat tone, "I didn't come here to make friends or live in peace. I came here to get strong enough to bridge the gap between me and my enemies. I will do anything to make it happen even if it means getting nose-deep in any conflict before me."

It would have been greatly appreciated if Felix could simply get anything that he wanted from this planet without much trouble...But, life didn't work that way.

If getting the strength he desired meant getting involved in such conflicts, then he was left with no other option but to accept his fate.

After all, his enemies were three primogenitors and the only way to bridge the chasm between them was by taking advantage of every little opportunity before him.

"As you wish."

Chief Cloveris nodded slightly in approval at Felix's conviction and began explaining to him the invisible hierarchy of his world.

"We might seem free as Elementals, but there is always someone above us capable of dictating and controlling our lives as he desires...It is for a good reason."

"Take my forest as an example. As the forest's consciousness, I am in control over every Elemental awakening in my body. Whether it is a tree, a rock, a pebble, a mushroom, a flower, or what else. I have absolute control over them, which means I can kill them and just as easily revive them since they are part of my consciousness in reality."

"Even revive?!" Felix was quite stunned by this.

He always wondered about this particular situation of Elementals awakening their consciousness while already being part of a larger body that awakened his consciousness.

Now, it was clear that they were somewhat considered as part of a larger consciousness!

This entailed that they really never die but just return to being part of the main consciousness and he will decide whether to revive them or not.

Honestly, it was quite freaky since it implied that a sunflower could awaken her own consciousness but in reality, she was still controlled by the sunflower field's consciousness, who was controlled by the forest!

"Just like I am considered as the main consciousness of everyone living in my forest, I am also merely a part of King Valthor's consciousness."

"Who is that?" 

"It's this continent's consciousness, who have absolute control over every consciousness awakened on his land." Chief Cloveris continued, "In our world, there are ten kings and seven Queens. All of them are at the top of the food chain with authority over everyone but the cosmic elders."

"Cosmic elders?" Felix inquired, "Are you referring to Elder Strauvis and the moons?"

"No, just the moons." Chief Cloveris explained, "Elder Strauvis is considered the supreme Elder and he is above the cosmic elders and the rest in terms of authority since all of us are mere parts of his main consciousness."

"This is really complex but at the same extremely straightforward." Felix rubbed his eyelids, "Based on your own words, chiefs can be considered at the bottom of the hierarchy only above the myriad of Elementals born in their lands."

"Yet, those chiefs can be considered as almost having consciousness prowess equal to primogenitors? What about the others?" Felix smiled wryly, "This is just too scary, to be honest."

"Scary? You have yet to see anything." Chief Cloveris chuckled, "Our entire solar system is being controlled by the Astral Goddess Follower, Eledor, our sun and source of light. Our supreme Elder's consciousness is merely part of hers just like the rest of the planets in our solar system."

Before Felix could take a deep cold breath, Chief Cloveris continued on, "Even our Sun Eledor is nothing but a mere follower of the Astral Goddess Lunaraura. She is the main consciousness of all the stars in our galaxy."

"Just like her, there are many other Elemental gods and goddesses with various ranks among them depending on the size of their main consciousness and the number of followers." 

"Even those gods and goddesses, who are greatly respected and revered, are merely parts of one singular main consciousness." Chief Cloveris asked Felix calmly, "Can you guess it?"

"Foremother Siaseme..." Felix said the words with great difficulty as he felt like he wasn't worthy enough to utter her name.

Before, he felt like Foremother Siaseme was somewhat at the same level as the primogenitors since he never really met anyone stronger than them besides the Unigins.

But now? He started to realize that Foremother Siaseme was a different monster who shouldn't even be put at the same level as primogenitors!!

This was the reason why Foremother Siaseme never had an ounce of fear at the primogenitors when they ganged up to invade her body...In her eyes, they were nothing but mere mortals similar to the rest of races!

It wasn't really surprising as she had absolute control over all laws and elements in her celestial body compared to the primogenitors...In addition, she lived far, far longer than any of them.

"I didn't tell you about this to scare you or glorify our foremother." Chief Cloveris tightened his hand on Felix's shoulder and uttered with a solemn tone, "I shared all of this to make you understand one crucial and important fact."

"Whether it's an Elemental flower, a tribal chief, or a celestial black hole, we don't die, and we will never die as long as Foremother Siameme is alive. But.."

"But I can."

Felix continued the rest of his sentence with a deep breath and a somewhat wavering look.

"That's right." Chief Cloveris eyed him calmly, "So, are you still interested in joining our never-ending conflicts between true immortals?"