Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

While Felix was learning a new lesser spatial spell with Selphie and Olivia, he had no clue that the news of his party's arrival and food bestowal had already traveled across the entire globe.

This caused multiple different emotions to arise in almost all the tribes after they heard of the food's quantity given.

Some were regretful for not fighting harder to host them and some outright expressed their desire for their food.

"If I knew they will be able to smuggle this much, I would have made them stay on my territory." Lord Heatiaz expressed with an irked tone as he sat on a throne made out of boiling magma.

Unlike Chief Cloveris or Chieftess Sunflower, his humanoid form was truly fearsome and harrowing as he was standing over seven meters tall with a muscular build.

His body was comprised of molten rock and ash, with tendrils of blazing magma constantly pouring off his form.

His skin was rough and jagged, like a field of cooled lava, with bursts of flame occasionally bursting forth from his pores.

Lord Heatiaz's face was inhuman and demonic, with a wide, gaping maw filled with razor-sharp black teeth.

His eyes burned with an inner fire, and they seemed to glow with an intense, malevolent intelligence.

"Father...It's doubtful if they would have agreed to stay on our land compared to the breezy and peaceful Northern Forest." Zytoss smiled wryly as he looked around him.

He didn't need to add more to prove his point as the hellish appearance of the throne chamber backed him up.

It might be breathtaking and beautiful in the eyes of the Volcanic folk but in the eyes of outsiders? It was just as intimidating as Lord Heatiaze.

The walls were sculpted from flowing rivers of molten rock, with veins of blazing red and orange running through them.

The heat in the room was insanely intense, making the air thick and hard to breathe, and the light from the magma cast flickering shadows across the walls.

The floor of the chamber was a roiling sea of lava, with bridges and walkways made of cooled rock providing the only path through.

Above the throne, there hung a massive, blazing chandelier, casting light across the room and providing a crown-like halo to Lord Heatiaze seated upon the throne.

Many humanoid volcanic folks sat at the side of at the sides of the throne chamber while having the same expression as Zytoss, the right hand of Lord Heatiaz.

"Sh*t, if I wasn't born out of a lava river, I wouldn't want to be here." 

"Likewise...It's always damn hot, why doesn't have to be always hot? I just want to feel a light breeze on my rugged skin..."

"What skin? You are a boulder's consciousness, get a grip already."

BOOOM!

"Silence, you punks!" Lord Heatiaz banged the throne's arm with his fist, crushing it instantly into fragments, causing lava to spill everywhere.

Seeing that everyone had stopped whining, Lord Heatiaz ordered them with a cold tone, "I want you to get me as much information as possible about those outsiders. Since they can afford to gift so much food to the Emerland Glen Village, they must have smuggled a greater amount."

When Elder Strauvis heard about Felix's party visitation, he didn't go into details about their identities when he relayed the news to the tribal chiefs.

Since the alliance had banned smuggling food to the Elemental Galaxy to keep them dependent on their trade, all the chiefs believed that not much food would be brought in by those visitors.

So, only Chief Cloveris and Chieftess Sunflower accepted to host them because of their friendliness. 

This was unfortunate for the rest of the chiefs and their villages as they had no clue that Felix's authority within the alliance was already close to the peak due to his status, giving him many perks and benefits.

One of the perks of being an inner circle leader was having such rules inapplicable to him personally.

So, Felix could smuggle food inside the Elemental's Galaxy as long as he was the one entering it instead of sending his subordinate or such!

That's why his entire party's food was given to him to smuggle and was returned to them when they lost connection to the network.

"Should we approach them for a trade or such?" Zytoss asked.

"Yes, and find out first what they want to make get more during the trade." Lord Heatiaz ordered.

"Alright."

"Get going quickly." Lord Heatiaz warned, "Other tribes must be doing the same...We can't lose the trades to them."

"On it."

Without delay, Zytoss transformed his body into a giant flaming eagle and took off through the molten throne chamber's ceiling.

"Father, what do we do if they rejected to trade with us?" Iavroim wondered with a curious tone.

This was the left hand of Lord Heatiaz...Unlike the rest of the volcanic folks, she resembled a fiery tree with a molten rugged trunk and branches while lava veins coursed through her entire form.

She didn't have leaves but her branches were illuminating brilliantly, making her appear quite mystical and breathtaking.

She was the consciousness of a unique forest that existed only on the surface of active volcanos.

"What else?" Lord Heatiaz narrowed his eyes coldly and uttered, "Nothing."

No one seemed surprised by his answer as they knew that their father might be insanely strong, but he was hopeless in front of Elder Strauvis.

Since Felix's party was guests on his celestial body, he naturally wouldn't let anyone bully them or steal their stuff.

Honestly, even if he didn't deter Lord Heatiaz and his people, they still wouldn't be able to cause much trouble for Felix and his party.

After all, there were more than five tribes with vast territories between them, stretching to hundreds of thousands of kilometers.

This meant that unless Lord Heatiaz and his tribe conquered those tribes, there was no way they could threaten them.

After all, if they exited their environment, they lose almost 90% of their strength and consciousness prowess.

"That's why your job is to get more information about them...I want to know everything!"

"I will handle it, father." Iavroim promised with a sweet voice.

Since there was no network in the Elementals Galaxy, gathering information was a difficult task.

In fact, if it wasn't for Elder Strauvis opening his mouth and telling everyone about the midnight party in the Northern forest to show his appreciation of Emerland Glen's hospitality, no one would have known about gifted food!

While his intentions were pure, he ended up creating quite a bit of trouble for Felix and his party as now everyone knew that they had managed to smuggle food without trouble.

Fortunately for them, this was the only thing that he spoke about and he didn't blabber about Felix's party goals or such.

This was another annoying thing about living in an environment that was alive...There was absolutely no sense of privacy as everything was observed and heard!

***

One Year Later...

Felix could be seen standing on one finger on top of the grass mound while wearing nothing but tight blue shorts.

The cold breeze was blowing on his face and hair but Felix neither budged nor opened his closed eyes...Sweat kept pouring from his forehead and fair skin, entailing that he was doing this for a very, very long time.

After staying like this for a couple of moments, Felix snapped his eyes wide open and uttered, "Elctrofied Poisonous Sand Storm!"

Whoosh Whoosh!!

In the blink of an eye, a giant golden runic hex emerged in the sky above the mound, causing Selphie, Olivia, and Bodidi to glance at it from far away.

"Here he goes again..."

Olivia murmured as she eyed a gigantic sandstorm emerging from the golden hexagon, engulfing the entire mound and blowing strong wind through the trees.

Yet, what was unique about this sandstorm was the fact that it was somewhat purplish in color and had visible thick lightning bolts coursing through it!!

It was an unnatural marvel created by combining three elements for a single ability! It might sound like nothing special, but everyone watching knew that it was extraordinary!

That's because Felix had created this ability by casting a spell and two different elemental abilities simultaneously, something that wasn't being done by anyone!

Yet, Felix wasn't done yet!

'Here goes nothing.' Felix took a deep breath and uttered again, "Teleportation!"

Without delay, a magnificent brilliant gray runic hex emerged above the golden hex...Before Selphie and the rest could react, the sandstorm disappeared after a sudden flash of light, returning the training area back to its peaceful environment.

"Oh! He finally did it!"

Olivia exclaimed with a happy expression as she looked above her and saw the sandstorm raging in the sky and dissipating the clouds everywhere!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Double Spellrunic casting plus double elemental casting while under non-optimal conditions. He might claim that he isn't talented, but he really has no idea how gifted he is." Selphie smiled charmingly as she watched Felix wipe his sweaty forehead after he returned back to his feet.

While everyone seemed to be quite excited for Felix and his success, he didn't even break a smile.

He merely glanced at the electrified poisonous sandstorm and uttered with a flat tone, "Not enough. Not nearly enough."