Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Boy, I understand that you are rushing to get stronger to deal with your enemies, but you should celebrate those little wins in your progress to keep your motivation on a high note." Elder Kraken advised with good intentions.

'He is right.' Thor supported.

'I know...But, I just feel like everything I learn pales heavily in comparison to primogenitors.' Felix sighed at the thought that the Darkins could kill him with merely their spiritual pressure.

'You will get there eventually.' Jörmungandr stressed.

'I don't know, I just have a feeling that even if I reached their strength and had the same elemental manipulation as them, it will not be enough to slay them.'

Jörmungandr and his masters understood what he meant...They also knew that it would be impossible for Felix to slay the Darkins with his current set of elements and abilities.

After all, Jörmungandr, Thor, and Fenrir had failed to kill those three even though they spent billions of years mastering their elements.

What would be different in the case of Felix if he mastered poison, lightning, or other elements?

They might allow him to pose pressure on them but not nearly enough to actually kill them.

Felix glanced at his tightened fist as he murmured, 'I need more, I need something that can ensure their death...All I can think of is the Void Domain or similar powerful abilities.'

'I still haven't found a method to let you possess Void Domain without messing with your entire DNA structure.' Lady Sphinx shared, 'So, you should forget about it for now.'

'I see...'

'Kid, don't get ahead of yourself. You are still young and have a great future.' Carbuncle advised as he blew smoke rings, 'Your target shouldn't be the Darkins but to reach Origin Realm and see how the situation develops from there. If you keep putting the Darkins as your targets, your training mentality will get affected negatively as everything you do will seem useless even if it wasn't.'

When Felix thought about it, he realized that he was indeed heading to a dark path as his mood was getting shitter and shitter each day...Especially when he spent an entire year and had yet to master a single new spatial spell or make any huge and noticeable development.

In the past, he didn't really care about his progression speed, but now that his heart was burning with undying hatred at the Darkins, it made it impossible to not feel dishearted by his slow progress.

If things kept developing in this manner, forget about spending thousands of years here, Felix would most likely tap out after a mere decade.

'Always remember, this is a marathon, not a sprint.' Jörmungandr said with a stern tone.

  Felix took a deep breath to regain control over his rising negative emotions and said,  'Thank you, masters.'

"Boy, you have another visitor."Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Suddenly Chief Cloveris' solemn voice echoed in the training ground.

"Who is it this time?" Felix frowned.

In the past year, his training had been interrupted too many times to count by those visitors from the nearby tribes.

All of them wanted one thing...Trading for his food.

At first, Felix was open-minded and didn't care much about trading with them since he brought with him a hundred billion coins worth of food stocks...But, with each trade he made, another tribal representative appear before him.

Every time it happened, his training had to be stopped to entertain them since he didn't want to leave a bad impression as it might affect his plans to get close to his desired tribes.

To make matters worse, his desired tribes didn't even bother to visit him.

Fortunately for him, he was waiting patiently for this visitor.

"It's Scorchlanders' representative and right hand of Lord Heatiaz." Chief Cloveris informed.

"They actually came." Felix's frown turned instantly to a faint smirk.

He wore his clothes and swiftly teleported back to the village hall without much of an issue.

He already mastered his teleportation skill to take him wherever he wanted as long as he had visited the place before, and it wasn't far enough to consume his entire spatial elemental energy.

'Are you sure about this?' Asna asked while playing chess with Candace.

'Well, an opportunity presented itself, it will be foolish of me to not take it.' Felix replied.

After Felix realized that everyone must have been informed about his food stock, he knew that the Scorchlanders were going to be visiting him sooner or later like the others.

So, he devised a plan that might help him earn friendships with The Mire Marauders and The Desert Wind Clan.

In a short while, Zytoss landed near the village hall after being led by Chief Cloveris.

He switched his form back to a humanoid molten golem and made sure that his flowing lava was closed shut with his body to not cause damage to the village...Then, he manifested his ghost form and used it to follow Chief Cloveris.

After he climbed the stairs, he saw that Felix was waiting for him at the door with a polite welcoming smile.

"Sir Felix?" Zytoss  inquired with a curious tone.

"Yes, nice to meet you...Sir?"

"Zytoss and the pleasure is mine." Zytoss smiled politely as well, not seeming like he was putting any air.

"I assume you are here for a trade as well?"

Felix jumped straight to the subject, knowing that most Elementals were known for being long-winded in their conversations due to their lack of time sensitivity.

"Indeed." Zytoss laughed, "I guess you have been continuously assaulted by other tribes."

"It wasn't so bad." Felix smiled, "I made sure to send everyone back without disappointment."

"I am relieved to hear so." Zytoss showed a brightened look.

He spent an entire year flying nonstop from his tribe to the Northern Forest...It would have been tough for him to return empty-handed.

"Please tell me what you desire, Sir Felix." Zytoss offered first, "We have the purest fire, magma, and earth elemental stones. In addition, many unique natural treasures are related to those elements. I know that you outsiders use those stuff significantly."

The other tribes offered the same stuff in their trades since there wasn't really anything else that they can give out.

"Hmm, well, to be honest, I don't really have affinities of any of those elements, so they are quite useless to me." Felix answered while scratching his head awkwardly.

"Are you sure?" Zytoss turned a bit nervous as he knew that if Felix didn't want their stuff, even if the trade went through, they wouldn't get much food.

"Well, I might not need your stuff, but I won't be the bad guy and send you empty-handed." Felix smiled kindly and said, "Just forget the trade, I will give you a couple of containers as a gift. Think of it as me paying respect to the great Lord Heatiaz."

"You are so kind!" Zytoss might be delighted with Felix's proposal, but he still knew that his father wasn't going to be pleased with this quantity.

After all, their tribe had at least ten times the number of Elementals compared to the others...This meant not everyone was going to get a portion.

"I hope it's settled." Felix smiled as he asked, "Are you going to pick them up by yourself or use Elder Strauvis' help?"

"Wait a moment..." Zytoss requested, "I really appreciate your gift but can I contact my father and see if he might have something to continue our trade?"

"Sure, I don't mind." Felix permitted with a hidden glint.

"Thank you so much!"

Without further ado, Zytoss returned to his molten body and initiated a connection with his father through a consciousness link.

Since he was part of Lord Heatiaz's main consciousness, it was possible to link themselves and communicate regardless of the distance.

'What?'

'Father, I have met with the outsider and he rejected our trade because he has no use for the things we can offer him.'

Just as Lord Heatiaz was about to snap, Zytoss continued on, 'But, he has agreed to gift us a couple of food containers as a sign of respect.'

'Ummm, I see, I see.' Lord Heatiaz seemed somewhat pleased with Felix's attitude after hearing that.

'I reached out to see if you can suggest something else to offer him since it's not worth it to bring back just a couple of food containers.'

'Good thinking.' Lord Heatiaz said, 'Since he doesn't require elemental stones or natural treasures affecting elemental affinities, tell him if he is willing to trade a thousand containers for an Eternal Firestone.'

'Are you sure, father? It takes a lot of time for each Firestone to be bor...'

'Shut up and do it.' Lord Heatiaz chided with a cold tone, 'What's the point of having them if they are useless to us?'

Zytoss swallowed the rest of his sentence and relayed the news to Felix.

"Eternal Firestone for a thousand containers? What's that? How can it be worth this much?" Felix was bewildered by their new offer as it wasn't part of his plan.

His original plan revolved around rejecting all of the Scorchladers' trades until there would be nothing left to offer...When things reach this stage, Felix would go with the trade but for a future favor from Lord Heatiaz!

Knowing that Lord Heatiaz was a respectful figure, this favor was going to help him greatly in his mission to befriend the desert and swamp tribes!

"It is a great treasure as it enables you to possess a burning heart capable of absorbing neutral energy around you and burning it as a fuel to feed all types of your energies. You can consider that it turns your heart into an engine, which will help you avoid anything related to exhaustion."

"So?" Zytoss eyed him with a hopeful look, "It's a good deal right? Right?"

Felix ignored his nervous blabbering as his mind was still processing the description of such a godly magical treasure!

'No exhaustion...Burning neutral energy as a fuel...What the hell is this thing?!'