Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In a few moments, the fire aura started to die down until only smoke was arising from Felix's skin like he had just gotten out of a hot shower.

Thud!

Felix fell on his back with the most relaxed smile he could muster, feeling all of his built-up mental and physical exhaustion ever since the war was completely wiped out!

"This is the best treasure ever..." He remarked as he stretched his limbs all over the grass, seeming like he had just woken up from a long slumber.

"Is it just me who thinks that your condition isn't normal? You were told that the Firestone turns your heart into an engine to recover your energies, but I see that all of your hearts are under the firestone's effect." Asna wondered as she scanned Felix's body and saw that all of his hearts were going absolutely wild.

"I thought so as well." Lady Sphinx shared, "The process shouldn't be intense and rapid."

If Zytoss was still here, he would have been absolutely dumbfounded by the previous sight of the frenzied fire aura around Felix as this wasn't normal at all!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"I guess the Firestone adapts to each body, which means its true potential isn't capped but only limited due to our body limitations." Felix reasoned after he felt a new level of clarity in his mind.

"Must be."

Lady Sphinx and the others agreed with his conclusion.

"What if I ate the shell?" Felix wondered as he greedily eyed the Firestone's exterior.

Zytoss might not have recommended it, but he had no clue that Felix was capable of eating and absorbing mineral properties.

This was a mineral treasure, which meant it would also feed his Dragon mark!

"I don't see it affecting you negatively." Lady Sphinx expressed.

Felix didn't need to hear more as he reached out with his hand and grabbed the Firestone...Then, he cracked a piece of it and began munching on it like a biscuit, loving the flavor.

After he finished eating the entire thing, he felt a slight warmness in his hearts, which made him a bit pleased.

However, the biggest kicker was his physical strength as he realized that he had gotten stronger by at least an additional 3k BF up to 5K BF!

"An entire 25% increase to my 2nd dragon mark!" Felix exclaimed excitedly, "It's really an amazing mineral treasure!"

Felix knew that if he wanted to get this kind of boost, he would need to devour a small mountain of elemental mineral treasures!

"This planet is packed with such treasures and it looks like no one gives a damn about them." Felix narrowed his eyes, "I have to start fishing for them in trades even if it meant giving more food."

In his previous trades, Felix accepted whatever was offered so he wouldn't be required to give out more food containers.

But this situation changed his entire perspective as he realized that some tribes might be sitting on such magnificent treasures and they had no problem with giving up on them for food!

"By the way, can you control the recovery phase?" Asna mentioned.

"I don't know, I didn't try to stop the process earlier." Felix anwsered, "There is only one way to find out."

Felix swiftly returned to his training ground and restarted his training. After a couple of hours of intense training, signs of exhaustion began to appear.

However, before those signs could develop even further, a mild version of the same fire aura appeared on his skin.

Olivia and the others were baffled when they saw it as it made Felix seem like his body had caught on fire.

Felix explained the situation to them and advised them to also seek similar treasures if they were even approached for trade.

After he sent them away, Felix started working on controlling the recovery phase...Unfortunately, regardless of what he did, it seemed that the process was on a subconscious level, making it extremely difficult to turn it into a manual process.

Since it wasn't really a big deal, Felix decided to ignore it for now and focus on his training.

'With no exhaustion to hold me back, there is no stopping now.' Felix cracked his knuckles with a faint determined smirk, fully set to train until someone stop him!

*****

One Century Later...

Inside an inn within Emerland Glen Village, Felix could be seen chugging down a giant wooden chalice filled to the brim with alcohol.

Chug! Chug! Chug!

The villagers in the inn were banging the tables as they chanted with excited expressions.

When Felix finished the drink, he lifted it in the air in celebration even though he absolutely felt not a single ounce of pleasure out of alcohol.

The only reason he was here and celebrating with the villager was because of his upcoming departure. 

Felix spent an entire century in Emerland Glen Village until everyone considered him as one of them. So, when they heard that he planned on going to the nearby oceanic tribe, they insisted on holding a faraway party.

"I can't believe it's been a century already." Selphie smiled bitterly, "It went by too fast."

"Not for me it didn't!" Bodidi burped with a teary look, "I am bored out of my mind in this place. I wanna go home!"

Everyone ignored his whining as he had been doing this ever since the first two decades and now it just became a daily occurrence.

"Make sure to be safe in your journey." Olivia said with a worried tone, "You will be all on your own in a foreign environment."

"I will be fine." Felix smiled as he patted Olivia, "You on the other hand, don't get too lazy in your training when I am gone."

"I won't!"

"Felix, are you sure it's time to leave?" Selphie caught Felix's arm as she looked at him with a puppy look, "If you worked hard, you can definitely master a greater spatial spell in a decade or less."

"I have made up my mind." Felix chuckled, "It's time to focus on my manipulations lest I completely forget how to train them."

Although an entire century had passed, nothing much really happened in it...Felix focused completely on his spatial spells, potion concoction, and elemental techniques.

Since he didn't have the UVR, his runic training had taken a great hit.

After all, he needed the UVR so his multiple consciousnesses could grind on the same spell over and over again to hasten the mastering process.

Without this cheat method, Felix took years to master just one spatial spell, which was a nasty hit to his training speed.

In addition, his potion concoction also suffered majorly without the UVR as he had to use legit materials in his practice, which made it impossible for him to get better without wasting a sh*tload of precious materials.

So, he didn't improve too much in this area as he couldn't afford to lose all of his materials just for practice.

Still, Felix managed to get a lot of benefits from this century of isolated training...Firstly, he had increased his strength by an entire 110k BF after hitting the Fifth Dragon Mark and the eleventh Devourer mark!

It wasn't easy as he had to eat on daily basis a huge quantity of natural treasures and also elemental minerals without reaching the point of being forced into slumber.

It might have slowed down his advancement in the marks, but he used the time to properly master ten spatial lesser spells, and many unique elemental techniques, that combined those spells with his abilities.

However, when he tried to attempt learning greater spatial spells, that's when Felix understood the true horror of mastering complex runes without a monstrous talent like Selphie or his cheat method.

That's because the easiest greater runic spatial spell required Felix to write a hundred runic pages to activate it!

The instant Felix knew this, he realized that his time here was over and it was better to start his journey to enhance his other manipulations too.

"With my recommendation and your previous trade with The Cold Lone Island Tribe, they will welcome you with open arms." Chief Cloveris advised, "However, make sure to respect their culture as they are a bit uptight about it."

"I will keep it in mind." Felix thanked him with a head bow.

He spent one hundred years under Chief Cloveris' care and Felix was greatly appreciative of it as he had taught him many things.

"Are you going to travel through the void realm with Nimo or use Supreme Elder's help?" Olivia inquired.

"Neither." Felix smiled, "I am going to travel on foot to expand my horizons."

Ever since Felix stepped foot on this planet, he never left the Northern Forest.

He would be a fool to teleport straight to The Cold Lone Island Tribe and start his training instead of doing some exploration on this magical planet.

After spending a few more hours in this faraway party, Felix was escorted outside of the village by his companions and the villagers.

He was sitting on Nimo's back, planning to truly journey across the land and water without using any teleportation ability or such.

"Take care guys and behave properly." Felix glared daggers at Bodidi as he said the last part, making him avoid eye contact with him.

"Make sure to visit us frequently." Selphie requested.

"I'm planning to do so. I have yet to be satisfied with my runic advancement."

On that final note, Felix smiled at his friends and waved them goodbyes one last time before taking off with Nimo like the wind.

Eee Eee!

While Nimo showed his usual excited reaction to anything related to speed and adventure, his eyes seemed tainted with a bit of coldness in them...A coldness that had never been associated with Nimo before.

It turned out, Felix wasn't the only one who changed in the past century...