Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After the euphoric process finished, Felix noted the time for future reference.

"Thirty minutes, not bad." He said with a satisfied tone.

It was quite a significant start compared to the girls as their bodies didn't last for two minutes.

Obviously, with more exposure to this process, the duration increased and after an entire century, both of them were above an hour of exposure now.

"Let's see how better it is."

Felix attempted to push his water manipulation range to his current limit, barely covering a hundred meters. Then, he closed his eyes and made the connection with the water particles, allowing him to sense every single one in his current range.

'I feel like I can go much further.' Felix smiled widely as he pushed his elemental senses more than the limit.

Ten meters...Twenty meters...Fifty meters!

'This is...'

When it was enhanced by an entire fifty meters, Felix didn't know how to react as he could feel like it was possible to push even more!!

Eighty meters....one hundred meters!!

The moment he went past a total of two hundred meters, the water particles began to reduce in numbers at the edges, making him understand that he had reached his limitation.

Yet, Felix had a mere look of excitement and a bit of anger.

'One hundred meters increase in one sitting...Is this how being gifted feels like? F*cking hell, this is so unfair!'

Felix was deeply wounded within even though he was ecstatic about his results. Who could blame him? He spent decades in the ancestral dimensional pocket to push his elements to merely one kilometer each.

This happened while he was receiving help from the ancestral dragon to set up the best environment for each element.

At that time, he was beyond satisfied with his improvement and hard work...But only now did he understand how important being gifted helps in elemental manipulation.

"If you keep enhancing your water elemental talent, you will end up matching the ancient water elementalists sooner than anticipated." Elder Kraken said.

Obviously, the ancient elementalists were the true gifted ones as they had the purest bloodlines to primogenitors compared to the ones in this era.

So, Felix was never comparing himself with his current peers but with the old monsters.

"That's good enough for me." Felix smirked and restarted his training, feeling more motivated than ever.

*****

Months went by then years...Before long, five hundred years passed by in the Elementals Galaxy. Meanwhile, merely six years in total went by on the outside, marking an uncanny difference.

While nothing major had occurred in the alliance, Felix and his party went through drastic changes as half a millennia wasn't a short period in the slightest.

Starting with Olivia as she had mastered tens of omnipotent nature spells, making her surpass even High Elves in terms of speed!

All of this was due to Chief Cloveris' continuous help and the best environment for nature element.

Meanwhile, Bodidi might have been whining on daily basis about his boredom and repetitive grueling training, but he still toughened through it and managed to finally master intergalactic wormhole ability in addition to many other spatial abilities.

This was more than enough to help him pass his company exam and become an intergalactic deliveryworm...Surprisingly, he didn't leave the Elementals Galaxy even though he already fulfilled his goal.

Though, he was still whining about it.

As for Selphie? Only one word could describe her improvement...Absurd!

She was already a gifted monster. Now with unlimited time, the greatest environment, and undying motivation to keep up with Felix, she did the impossible and mastered her first-ever Omnipotent Time Spell!!

When she used it, even Elder Strauvis was left utterly shocked senseless!

Unfortunately, Lady Yggdrasil hadn't managed to decipher more omnipotent time spells from the runic codex.

This made Selphie focus on the remaining greater time spells...She planned on attempting to decipher new time spells from the runic codex on her own when she finished mastering the already-known ones.

Obviously, this wasn't a simple process as it was thousand times more difficult than mastering a spell!

As for Noah? He went completely off the radar with Fenrir ever since their departure and no one knew about their progress till this point in time...Fenrir gave as little information as possible whenever he was asked.

Last but not least, Felix had spent almost his entire time within the Cold Lone Island Tribe doing nothing but improving his water manipulation and also mastering the remaining lesser spatial spells.

Thanks to Chieftess Moana's daily assistance, Felix's water element affinity was boosted to the point he could be considered as only below Elder Kraken's!

This made his life a million times easier when it came to learning water abilities, techniques, or pushing his manipulation range.

Because of his Firestone recovering him from his exhaustion all the time, Felix was training like he was on steroids!

His hard work sure paid off as his water manipulation could be considered as officially at the top, leaving his other manipulation to eat its dust.

Right now, Felix could be seen sitting in his giant form on the surface of the ocean in the middle of nowhere, wearing nothing but misty white underwear.

He was holding into a gigantic gooey dark green smoothie and looking at it with a look of repulsion.

"I don't know if I should feel relieved or frustrated that this is the last portion of natural treasures in my possession." Felix commentated as he brought the disgusting smoothie near his mouth.

Felix had prepared plenty of natural treasures and elemental minerals before his trip, knowing that he would be here for a long while.

Yet still, he had already run out of elemental minerals two hundred years ago and was about to run out now of natural treasures.

The only good news was that his strength was nearing half a million BF...Another massive milestone!

"Here we go."

Without delay, Felix drank the disgusting mixture in one go and wiped his mouth with his sleeve while shaking his head as a horrible aftertaste hit him hard.

"F*cking hell..."

"You are about to miss this taste, just wait." Asna chuckled.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

As much as Felix wanted to deny it, he knew that she was right...He was completely out of his treasure stocks while he was still at the twelve devourer's mark and seventh dragon mark.

He couldn't even bring more from the outside even if he wanted as he needed permission again from Foremother Siaseme.

"I am mostly at 470k to 480k with this last smoothie. So close to my target yet so far." Felix murmured as he tightened and opened his fists.

Felix had placed a goal to replace his Kraken's bloodline with a new one after he reached half a million in his physical strength, so he could receive an insane enhancement during the process.

"Have you already made up your mind on your new bloodline, though?" Asna inquired.

"Yes." Felix added, "It's not like there are a lot of options to choose from."

Felix was offered multiple choices years ago and the list had thinned out to merely two potential bloodlines after going through an elimination process.

For example, he could not choose the wind bloodline even if he was certain that he would get the manipulation because of Roc's friendship with his masters.

After all, he already had his mobility handled through lightning and space elements...Whatever wind element could provide, his other elements could do it as well or even better.

In addition, since this could be potentially Felix's last bloodline and also the one he would have the most connection with due to Origin Realm's breakthrough, he refused to make a rash decision and pick a bloodline that would make his life against the Darkin faction much harder.

This helped him remove a couple more bloodlines until he was left with merely two bloodlines.

"Are you sure about this?" Asna asked him with a serious tone after reading his thoughts and seeing the bloodline he had picked.

"Boy, we know that we have placed this bloodline as an option from the start, but you should understand that getting the manipulation isn't really secured." Thor warned, "That lunatic might be dead, but he is too unhinged, making it hard to guess if he will bestow you his manipulation or make your life a living hell for the fun of it."

"You guys told me that he can't kill me with all of you working together to keep him in line." Felix took a deep breath and said, "That's enough for me. Whether he bestows me his manipulation or not, that's a risk I am willing to take."

"You are talking like you already have his bloodline in hand." Asna said with a worried tone, "He is already dead so you can't make a deal with him. The only way to get his bloodline is through his secluded and powerful descendants."

"I know that...I am not scared one bit of them. I still have plenty of time here and by the time I come out, I will get their ancestor's bloodline either peacefully or forcefully."

"I am getting it either way." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly.