Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"I don't know, I still feel like the Vibration Element is great as well." Asna shrugged her shoulders.

"The power to create, shape, move, control, interact, and manipulate vibrations through the physical plane is indeed quite good." Felix nodded in agreement.

"It's more than that and you know it." Asna shared, "It's a great powerful element that can enable you to manipulate even the tiny vibrating strings of energy that make every particle in the universe! Reaching this level of manipulation will enable you to literally deform reality as you please and even touch upon the laws! It's not considered one of the strongest elements in the universe for no reason."

The vibration element was an unknown element to the public due to no records of it existing even in the old times.

If it wasn't for Felix's masters telling him about the element and its primogenitor, he would have remained just as ignorant as everyone else.

This element could be classified as hidden rare compared to the rest...Its primogenitor was even dead, making it possible for Felix to seek out her manipulation after awakening her.

Unfortunately, it wasn't as easy as it sounded.

"My decided element at least have descendants to get the primogenitor bloodline from." Felix shook his head, "The vibration primogenitor has died before the primogenitors' Era can be established...Even the primogenitors have faint information about her, and you expect me to find her bloodline?"

Whether a primogenitor was dead or not was a different story than if it was possible to get their bloodline in the first place...Without their bloodline, nothing else mattered.

Felix and his masters had absolutely no clue how to find it or where to get it.

"You can ask the time primogenitor about it when he calls you for a meeting." Asna suggested, "As the oldest primogenitor, he must know the whole story of the vibration primogenitor's early death."

"First, it's still doubtful if he will even meet me. Second, I am already planning to ask him for too much." Felix added before Asna could retort, "Last but not least, I still think the element I chose is much better for my future."

Felix received the approval of his masters.

"It's hard to classify the primogenitors based on their strength due to their unique elements and abilities." Thor spoke with a serious tone, "However if I had to classify Lord Shiva. He will be in the top three strongest and most dangerous primogenitors in the universe."

"He is right...Nothing that exists in this universe is safe from the concept of destruction." Jörmungandr added, "As the destruction primogenitor, Lord Shiva was considered as the most feared and avoided primogenitor in our Era."

The Destruction Primogenitor's Bloodline.

This was Felix's decided next bloodline for the simple reason of it being one of the few bloodlines capable of transforming Felix into a true monster able to do serious damage to even the Elemental Lords!

Before complete and utter destruction, whether it was physical, mental, energy, or concept element, nothing was safe!

Felix knew that this element was going to give him the right tools to deal with his enemies compared to the vibration element or any other element.

So, even though it was risky to get the bloodline and awaken the 'unhinged' Lord Shiva, Felix was willing to go through it for the sake of his revenge!

"You do you, I guess." Asna dropped the subject after realizing that Felix's mind was made up.

Knowing that those descendants were outside of the galaxy, Felix also dropped this subject for now and focused on the things he could do.

"I guess it's time to change the tribe." Felix said as he stood up on the water after reducing his size.

He spent five hundred years on just his water manipulation, allowing him to reach grounds he never dreamed of.

However, his progress speed had been slowed immensely in the past decades after he started attempting to learn much more advanced water abilities even when Elder Kraken taught him personally.

Still, with his boosted talent, he managed to learn a few advanced water abilities...He was more than satisfied with them and his overall progress.

"You going to the gemstone tribe?" Asna asked lazily.

"No, I am heading to the Mire Mauruders Tribe." Felix anwsered with a frown, "I have heard news that the Scorchlanders are gaining too much territory from them. It's best to prioritize them before they end up getting completely devoured."

Since Felix planned on spending at least five hundred years on each tribe to further his manipulations, it was best to prioritize endangered tribes.

The last thing he wanted was to travel across the world for a smaller swamp tribe, where their chief wasn't as good as chief Drogath.

Felix desired only the best of the best when it came to helping him hasten his improvement.

Without further do, Felix returned to the Cold Lone Island Tribe and requested a meeting with Chieftess Moana...He told her about his departure and thanked her for everything she had done for him.

Spending five hundred years with her was more than enough for Felix to bond with the Chieftess as well as the rest of the tribe.

So, he made sure to inform everyone about his departure to leave things in a good light.

Just like the Emerland Glen tribe, they held a faraway party for him...When it was over, Felix decided to teleport back to the Emerland Glen tribe to meet with his party.

***

Two hours later...

"You have just returned and already planning on leaving." Selphie spoke with a saddened tone as she sat next to Felix in his house.

"I have to get going, the conflict between the Scorchlanders and Mire Maurdaures is getting too heated. It's my only chance to find my place there." Felix anwsered.

"Can we come too?" Olivia asked, "We can help you earn their friendship faster with our participation."

"Yes! Also, we have been spending too much time here and I think it will be good for us to practice what we have learned." Selphie agreed with her suggestion immediately.

"I want to go too. I will die out of boredom if I stayed here for another second!" Bodidi approved as well.

"I can't agree to it." Felix frowned, "It's too dangerous. If it was up to me, I wouldn't want to join the conflict either. So, how could I agree to you following me?"

Felix knew that Lord Heatiaz wasn't to be messed with as he could easily kill any of them with merely his spiritual pressure if they dared step into his territory.

There was no way he could agree to take his friends there when they had nothing to gain out of it and everything to lose.

Unfortunately, it didn't seem like they accepted his rejection.

"I don't care, I am going either way." Selphie was the first to revolt, knowing that Felix couldn't really stop them physically.

"Likewise!" Olivia said with a stern tone, "I want to help you but at the same time I am doing this for myself. I have spent six hundred years mastering my nature runic spells and I am still feeling like I am millions of years away from Origin Realm. I know that's because of my lack of experience in battles to toughen my mental fortitude and will."

"I honestly just want to do something different." Bodidi said lazily, "If it means fighting, so be it."

"..."

Felix was left somewhat at loss for words at his friends' rebellion as he knew that they were right.

He could not stop Selphie from doing what she wanted even if he tried to get forceful...With her new mastery over time spells, she was simply untouchable.

As for Olivia? Felix understood that he couldn't be always protective of her...Especially, when she needed to harden her mental fortitude for the sake of reaching the Origin Realm.

Seeing that the girls were giving him hopeful and unwavering looks made Felix understand that even if they wanted to join the conflict, they still preferred having his blessing.

"Sigh, fine I guess."

"Yay!!"Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Felix exhaled with a defeated smile after seeing them cheering with excited expressions like children being promised to be taken to Disney land.

Before their happiness could overspill, Felix switched his demeanor to a stern one and warned them, "However, I want you to listen to my orders when we are there. I won't accept you acting on your own in a conflicted area."

"We promise you, we won't." The girls and Bodidi nodded their heads swiftly in approval, still having wide grins on their faces.

"Pack up and go say your goodbyes, we will depart in an hour." Felix informed.

Without delay, they exited Felix's house and went around the village to share the news...Just like Felix, their stay here had earned them many close friends within the village.

'Are you sure about this?' Asna inquired.

'What choice do I have?' Felix shrugged his shoulders, 'They are adults and can travel wherever they want. It's not up to me to force them to do anything.'

Although merely six years went by on the outside, everyone here had reached their optimal maturity as six hundred years was a long period of time.

Felix had no right to treat anyone like a child and order him around.

'I don't care about that clingy leech, but I do worry about Olivia.' Asna said, 'I don't think she is ready for this type of conflict.'

'When will she ever be ready if she never took the first step?' Felix smiled wryly, 'I might worry for her, but I applaud her decision. This is the only way for her to move forward in her path.'