Eldrid didn't seem to care about which opponent he would face...This spoke volumes about his strength as he couldn't be assigned to be a commander without having the strength to back it up.

Chief Drogath took everyone away from the village and stopped at a somewhat empty area within the deathly gloomy forest.

"You will keep fighting until I stop it." Chief Drogath said calmly, "That's the only rule...Understood?"

"Yes."

"Mmmm..."

Felix was somewhat relieved to hear this as it meant that Chief Drogath wasn't planning on having anyone die on him...This was good news for Olivia and Bodidi.

As for Selphie? Felix trusted in her capabilities to pass the test.

"Won't Eldrid be much weaker when he isn't fighting in his territory?" Bodidi inquired as he watched Felix and Eldrid take their positions by standing away from each other.

"It can be said that he will lose at least 30% of his consciousness prowess." Selphie anwsered, "If it wasn't for him being still in a positive environment to his elements, he would have lost at least 90%."

"Felix would have been in big trouble if they decided to take the fight to the southern poisonous swamp." Olivia supported her take as she had learned many things about Elementals in the past centuries, unlike Fatty Bodidi.

"He is still not out of the water." Selphie murmured, "We have no clue about his consciousness prow..."

WHOOOOSH!!!

Before she could finish her sentence, Eldrid released an intense amount of pressure that was thick enough it manifested as a wavey transparent aura around him!

"Dear lord..."

This was spiritual pressure that was born out of consciousness prowess!

For it to be this thick and intense, the girls knew that they would be forced into passing out the moment they were hit by it!

Whoosh!!

Because of the foggy forest, the moment Eldrid aimed his spiritual pressure on Felix, the thick aura pushed the fog away as it rushed in the direction of Felix rapidly, resembling an army of ghosts charging at once!!

"Elementals are truly monsters." Felix smiled wryly as he released his own spiritual pressure to the limit.

He also managed to manifest his own aura to the shock of the bystanders, but it was obvious that it wasn't as intense as Eldrid's!

BOOOM!!

Still, when those two auras crashed with each other, Felix was merely propelled a few meters away before regaining his balance.

"Mmmm?" Eldrid released the same eerie voice but it was an octave higher, a clear sign of surprise.

"Not bad."

Chief Drogath also had the same reaction as he anticipated this battle to end through spiritual pressure overpowering.

In his eyes, Felix was a mere human mortal at the core and it was a known fact that their spiritual pressure was dog sh*t.

"Are you ready to fight for real now?" Felix asked calmly as he took his fighting posture, knowing that Eldrid would not use his spiritual pressure again.

It was useless if it wasn't able to completely overwhelm the opponent since it had bad aftermath of overusing it.

"Mmmm."

Seemingly like he had earned Eldrid's respect, he swiftly recalled his spiritual pressure and nodded at him in acknowledgment.

Whoosh!!

Before Felix could react, Eldrid's monstrous muddy body released an uncanny amount of fog around him, causing him to disappear out of sight instantly.

Felix started switching between visions to spot him but he failed each time, making him shield himself with a condensed crystalized adamantine thin body armor.

'As a swamp Elemental, he is capable of manipulating fog, water, plant, earth, wind, and poison.' Felix thought to himself as he scanned the increasingly thicker fog in the area.

Phew! Phew! Phew!!

Just as he attempted to predict Eldrid's attacking plan, he was forced to jump into the air after countless purplish vines and thick tree roots emerged from underneath him!

Like homing missiles, they followed after Felix even in the air!

Phew! Phew! Phew!!...

Before Felix could attempt to evade them, he realized that the wind around him became insanely resistant to his movement, making him feel like a fish trying to swim upstream!

"Wind Lockage." Selphie exclaimed instantly after seeing Felix's slowed-down movement in the air.

Olivia and Bodidi weren't given even a second to react before their eyes widened in shock at the sight of a humongous wooden hammer being manifested high above Felix's head and outside of the fog!

To make matters even worse, the entire area seemed to be filling up with thick bubbling acidic green water that was coming out of nowhere!

Felix might be unable to spot Eldrid but he wasn't blind enough to not see the building-up poisonous swamp and the hammer above him.

Slice Slice Slice!..

So, he transformed his armored arms into sharp blades and began cutting off the incoming vines and roots even though his mobility was limited immensely!

'Can I teleport away?' Felix sought to change his location through his teleportation, but after noticing the environment he was in, he knew that his spell hex wouldn't manifest properly! Even if it did, it would get destroyed by the raging wind.

Spellcasters were extremely strong but that's only if their runic hexes could be manifested and sustained throughout the spell activation.

Otherwise, they were nothing but sitting ducks!

"Safety Cube!"

Still, Felix knew exactly how to get himself out of trouble without doing too much as he manifested a crystalized white cube and locked himself inside of it!!

Thud!!

The cube resisted the raging wind easily and landed on the acidic swamp without getting affected in the slightest by it.

When Eldrid saw this, he didn't hesitate to use the humongous wooden hammer on the cube!

BOOOOMM!!! SHATTER!!!

The collision resulted in a powerful shockwave that cleaned out almost the entire area from the fog, allowing the bystanders to see clearly that the cube was merely pushed a bit deeper into the ground while the wooden hammer had shattered instantly into fragments!

Eldrid manifested from the mud again and eyed the crystalized cube with an irritated look, seeming like he understood that his current set of abilities wasn't going to break through it!

"You...Will...Hide....Forever?"

For the first time ever since he appeared, he finally spoke out loud in a choppy way like he wasn't used to talking at all.

"You started it by hiding your physical form." Felix replied causally from inside the cube, "How am I supposed to fight you like that without resulting in destroying the entire forest?"

By now, Felix realized that Eldrid had transmuted himself into either the poisonous swamp, the wind, the fog, or almost anything in this environment.

This meant that touching him was out of the window without drastic measures that might result in mass destruction.

"Destroying...The Forest? Ha...Ha...Give...It...A...Try."

It seemed like Eldrid believed that Felix was bluffing as he taunted him to go for it.

"Chief, I advice you to fix this." Miss Monaka warned with a serious tone, "That boy isn't messing around. He is capable of deleting your entire territory with his abilities."

"Interesting..." Chief Drogath believed Miss Monaka, making him realize that he might have underestimated Felix a little bit.

Still, this didn't mean that he was scared of his destructive powers as he knew that Elder Strauvis forbade such things in his celestial body.

In other words, Felix would be getting in trouble and his territory wouldn't be too affected.

"Eldrid, use your physical form...This is just a test." Chief Drogath ordered.

He might not fear Felix's destructive force, but it didn't mean that he would force him to use it in a mere test.

"Mmmm..."

Doing as he was told, Eldrid refrained from taunting Felix anymore and decided to keep his physical form up.

When Felix noticed this, he smirked faintly and said to himself, 'I didn't think I will be testing my Retribution Coffin Technique so soon.'

Szlzlzlzlzlzlzlz!!!

Abruptly, the crystalized cube was turned into an illuminating green lightning show as Felix released trillions of green electrical bolts inside!

Before Eldrid and the others could react to this weird move by Felix, he snapped his finger casually as he uttered, "Spatial Displacement."

With one sudden flash of light, everyone was left flabbergasted by the sight of Felix appearing in the same place as Eldrid!

AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

A split second later, a sharp painful scream made them change their focus from Felix to within the bright cube...When they saw Eldrid's muddy body getting burnt solid before turning into dust, they couldn't help but draw a deep cold breath in dread.

Only Chief Drogath seemed to be a bit surprised and at the same time pleased?

"That's enough." Chief Drogath waved his hand, causing the crystalized cube to get forcefully shattered into fragments with nothing but his own spiritual pressure.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Szzlzlzlzlzlz!

The green electrical bolts escaped everywhere like snakes being released into the wild, leaving Eldrid finally at peace.

"Is it my win?"

Felix asked with a faint smile as he eyed Eldrid, who had been turned into a pile of brown dust, releasing smoke like he had just gotten out of an oven.

"You passed the test." Chief Drogath replied calmly.

"Is there another Elemental to test my friends?" Felix coughed, "I doubt Sir Eldrid is capable of continuing the fight with his soul damaged like this."

Felix aimed for this result one way or another as he knew that his soul-burning attribute was going to leave Eldrid traumatized to fight his friends!

Since Elementals felt pain in their soul alone, this attribute was literally their worst enemy!

Because soul pain was so rare, most Elementals lived their lives without feeling pain even once...This explained Eldrid's over-the-top reaction to the pain.

"No need for further testing." Chief Drogath ended up shocking them with a different verdict, "All of you have been approved."

'Hmmm? Did something change or caught his eye?' Felix wondered in his mind. 