"You, follow me. The rest, pick an empty house in the village and stay in it for now." Chief Drogath said as he pointed his finger at Felix.

Without asking too many questions, Felix followed Chief Drogath, who was heading in the opposite direction of the village.

After following him for a few hours, Felix realized their destination.

'We are heading to the frontlines.' He knitted his eyebrows at the sight of the volcanic smog filling up the night sky above the horizon.

Soon, Chief Drogath and Felix had stopped on top of a giant black ashy boulder that was overseeing almost everything around it.

Boom! Boom! Thud!!...

Felix's eyes were drawn to an ongoing battle between a small army of the Mire Marauders and the Scorchlanders at the far distance.

The neverending symphony of explosions was enough to let anyone imagine the brutality of the fight as both armies were using everything in their powers to take down their enemies.

While Scorchlanders mainly were a bunch of molten hard golems or lava creatures, the Mire Marauders were monstrous fiends made out of thick swamp water, wood, or mud.

Both sides seemed to be trading fire from a distance like they weren't daring to clash against each other physically.

'The territory line.'

Felix figured out instantly that it was because of their inability to cross territories without losing most of their strength!

On one side, there was a sea of flowing lava and molten magma and on the other side, there was a raging bubbling swamp!

'It looks like the flowing lava is winning the territorial ground.' Asna said after spotting that the flowing lava was eating through the swamp in a slow manner.

'No wonder the Scorchlanders are conquering territories without an equal.'

Felix frowned, knowing that the war would end up in Scorchlanders' favor if they kept pushing their territory gains like this.

"This is what we have been dealing with for the past millennia." Chief Drogath stated expressionlessly, "A slow cruel death."

Elementals might be revived by someone higher than them in the hierarchy, but that was only possible if they had their territories left to be revived in.

Since Elder Strauvis didn't get himself involved in such conflicts, it meant that there was no one to stop Lord Heatiaz's domination.

"Will Supreme Elder or King Valthor's really do nothing and watch as Lord Heatiaz terraform the entire continent into a living burning hell?" Felix asked.

Felix knew that Elder Strauvis refused to get himself involved in such conflicts, but he felt weirded out by the fact that Lord Heatiaz was allowed to go this far.

"Who knows?" Chief Drogath replied calmly, "King Valthor might just decide on a whim to push back Lord Heatiaz's expansion to his original territory and revive everyone...At the same time, he may not care at all."

"As for Elder Strauvis? As long as no mass destruction occurred on his celestial body, he is fine with anything that happens."

"I see..."

Felix didn't know what to say...This entire conflict seemed bizarre and surreal to him.

From where he came from, such wars happen only when other solutions didn't work or one party's hatred ran too deep to care about other solutions.

In this case? Chief Drogath didn't seem to hate Scorchlanders or Lord Heatiaz in his conquering plan. In fact, he looked too unfazed by the thought of death like he knew that his life wouldn't end even if he lost the war.

As for Lord Heatiaz? Felix found him more peculiar.

In his eyes, he would never start a conquering quest without first making sure that King Valthor wouldn't interfere in later stages.

What's the point of spending thousands of years of effort to conquer the entire continent just to have everything reset back to zero and everyone revived?

'Maybe he is doing it for entertainment?' Candace wondered.

'Who knows?'

Felix was told that the main purpose of those conflicts was expanding territory to enable the biggest tribe to get more food since they would have more areas for elemental mines to be born.

So, if Lord Heatiaz only wanted this, he wouldn't go for continental domination to avoid having everything reset.

At this point, it was too soon to figure out the true motives of Lord Heatiaz, making Felix put this subject to rest for now.

"I brought you here to understand that no one cares about the thought of death." Chief Drogath said as he eyed Felix, "As long as I am alive, my people will be alive. In your case, I won't be able to save you. So, are you still desiring to join the conflict?"

"Cough, is it possible to receive your help without..."

"Not a chance."

"I am born for wars." Felix switched instantly to a serious tone, making Asna roll her eyes at his shamelessness.

"Good, now tell me more about your ability to harm souls." Chief Drogath asked with a hint of curiosity.

'Looks like this is what caught his eyes.' Felix smirked in his mind before answering, "It's a unique attribute that I can add to my elemental abilities...It can burn souls until they break apart."

"Interesting..." Chief Drogath rubbed his chin thoughtfully, 'If we took advantage of this to put the Scorchlanders into an agonizing pain, they will be forced to retreat and buy us some time to regain our lost territories.'

Without an ounce of hesitation, he turned to Felix and requested for him to do that. Obviously, he didn't order him but give him an inrefusable incentive to do it on his own!

"If you forced them to retreat, I will help you with your training or whatever."

"Say less." Felix cracked his knuckles and walked slowly to the edge of the giant volcanic boulder.

He zoomed on the territorial line and then teleported into the middle of the air above it!

BOOOM!! BOOOM!!! CRASH!!!

Now that he was in the middle of the chaotic war, the noise was almost unbearable.

This was nothing compared to the chaotic unruliness of those two opposing forces as giant fiery meteors kept being launched at the Mire Marauders just to be blocked by hydro jets of poisonous streams.

Some flying lava elementals were releasing a rain of fire from the sky just to be blocked by thick wooden shields, setting them on fire instantly and turning them into coal.

Because lava and water were opposite forces, the entire battleground was covered with fog, which helped the Mire Marauders a little due to being able to manipulate it to their advantage.

Still, it was clear to Felix that regardless of what they did, they were merely prolonging the inevitable as the lava sea was unstoppable.

'The territorial line stretched to thousands of kilometers if not more. I guess it's time to test my new limits.' Felix smiled faintly as he sat on top of a burning wooden shield, completely hidden from Elementals.

Honestly, even if he was visible, no one would pay him attention during this chaotic battle.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Felix closed his eyes and sent a directed telepathic message to Chief Drogath, requesting that he make his armies give up on their swamp control, so he could be the sole controller...In addition, to stay as far as possible from it.

Albeit the request was a bit tough to swallow, Chief Drogath responded with actions.

'Our guest will take control over the swamp, don't resist it and get out of it.' He ordered.

'Guest?'

'But Chief...'

'What are you talking about?

Obviously, his order was met with some resistance from the appointed commanders of his armies.

Who could blame them?

They were requested to give up on their sole method of defense against the raging assault of the Scorchlanders to a guest they never heard about!

'Just do it.'

With a firmer tone from Chief Drogath, no one dared to oppose his order again.

'You are free to act.'

'Thanks.'

Felix kept his eyes closed shut and released his water manipulation senses to the limit, causing a sea of water particles to appear in his mind.

A sea stretching for thousands of kilometers and he was capable of controlling each water particle in it!!!

This was Felix's new water manipulation range after going through five hundred years of training and talent boosting, marking an insane jump from merely one hundred meters to this godly unbelievable radius!

'Let's start with this.'

Felix opened his eyes and looked at the thousands of Scorchlanders across the entire battleground. Then, he uttered under his breath, "The Great Flood."

Rumble Rumble!!!

 