Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The swamp began withdrawing away from the territorial line, causing the Mire Marauders to forcefully retreat with it and the lava sea to speed up its annihilation.

"What are they doing?" Zytoss frowned at this peculiar sight.

As the right hand of Lord Heatiaz, he was trusted with leadership over conquering the Mire Marauders' tribe.

"Motherf*cker, we have lost ten meters of our territory in a few seconds! That's more than what we lost in an entire month!"

"Chief! Please give us the order to control our swamp!"

"This is bad, this is so bad!!"

While he was a bit confused, no one in the Mire Marauders had a positive reaction to the swamp's withdrawal as they rained curses on Felix and requests on their chief.

Unfortunately, Chief Drogath backed Felix even when he was losing the land on his territory at an unprecedented speed.

Whoosh!!

"Huh?!"

Suddenly, the swamp began to raise higher and higher while still withdrawing away from the territorial line...What stunned the Elementals the most was the size of their swamp getting bigger like an insane amount of water was being pumped into it!

When they used their senses, they noticed Felix floating within the swamp with his body size reaching tens of kilometers and still growing bigger!

He was releasing an uncanny amount of green water from his body, which resulted in the swamp's quantity being increased noticeably.

Since the swamp was already green in color, no one realized that the soul-burning attribute was being added to it!!

"Am I tripping or is that Sir Felix?" Zytoss was startled after spotting Felix's face through the water as he never thought he would be seeing him in this place ever.

'Commander, what do we do?'

'Commander, orders.'

'Do we use the same countermeasure plan?'

Before he could think too deeply about this, his army began requesting orders to deal with this new situation.

The sight of the swamp reaching tens of kilometers in height across thousands of kilometers was a frightening scene to anyone...But not to them.

'Just take cover and let our lava see handle it like usual!' Zytoss ordered.

Just like they were used to dealing with large tsunamis, the ground Elementals got rid of their physical form and merged with the lava sea while the flying Elementals just flew higher than the rising tsunami.

None of them seemed scared or worried about this tsunami since the Mire Marauders had used this strategy long ago and it failed miserably!

Felix wasn't the only one smart enough to attempt to attack the Scorchlanders with one humongous and destructive tsunami.

Unfortunately, when the Mire Marauders attempted this, it resulted in their swamp completely evaporating into the fog while the lava sea merely cooling off into hardened magma stones!!!

Although Mire Marauders could control the fog, it was useless when dealing with lava or magma...This implied that this strategy literally hasten their territory getting seized! 

Before the Mire Marauders could assault Felix with all types of curses, he jumped outside of the rising tsunami that was frozen in its place like it was placed against an invisible wall.

Then, he reduced his size to merely ten meters and stood at the edge of the tsunami with his hands behind his back, making him noticeable to those at the front.

"The hell, it's really him!" Zytoss' eyes widened in disbelief after he got his confirmation.

'Scorchlanders, because of my good relationship with your lord, I will be polite enough to give you a chance to retreat on your own.'

With a solemn tone, Felix released a public telepathic message for everyone to hear.

'What the hell is this outsider talking about?

'A chance to retreat? Is he for real?'

'So, this is the fable food merchant? What a joke!'

Obviously, Felix's statement was met with unified scorn from both parties...They might be at war with each other, but they would still side with each other against an outsider if he acted like this.

'Sir Felix, what's going on? Why are you taking part in this?' Zytoss asked Felix telepathically with clear confusion.

'My apologies Sir Zytoss, but this is something I have to do in order to achieve my goals.' Felix requested with a bitter smile,' So, please listen to my warning and retreat your armies.'

'Sir Felix, I have no idea why you joined this conflict and I won't pry.' Zytoss said with a cold tone, 'But, we are never going to retreat either for you or even if your masters requested us personally. We listen to only our Lord's orders.'

Felix's expression returned to being stern again and said one last time, 'I respect that...So, don't come back and tell me I haven't warned you.'

Before Zytoss could process Felix's last statement, The Great Flood was unleashed on his armies, causing the ground and mountains to shake on its awake!

RUMBLE RUMBLE!!!

'TAKE COVER!!'

The Scorchlanders were nowhere to be seen as they had already merged their consciousness with the lava sea, having complete trust that nothing would happen to it but cool down.

As Volcanic Elementals, returning lava from its stoned form to its flowing form was nothing to brag about!

Sadly for them...They never dealt with a flood controlled by Felix.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

TSshshshshshshsh!!!!

The moment the great flood collided with the lava sea, the Mire Marauders showed a despaired expression at the sight of their hard-created swamp being turned into a thick useless green fog.

Unbeknownst to them, the Scorchlanders were going through a completely different experience.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!! IT BURNS!!! F*CKK!!!! MY SOUL!! IT BURNS!!!! MAKE IT STOP!!!! PLEASE!!!...

Screams, pleading, weeping, shouts, and curses were sung in utter silence on the outside, but every Scorchlander on the battlefield was hearing them!!

'Huh...Huh?'

Zytoss and the rest of the flying Scorchlanders were left utterly petrified by the symphony of their people's cries for help like they were being tortured by a madman.

They had no clue what the f*ck was going on and it looked like no one was in his right mind to explain it to them.

It seemed like the flying Scorchlanders were about to find out as the green fog had begun to ascend to the sky!

The shocked flying Scorchlanders had no reason to avoid or fear it, making them get covered by it.

OUCHH!!! WHAT THE F*CK!!! MY SOUL!!!

Just like their brothers and sisters, the attributed fog started burning their souls for each second they stayed in it.

Luckily for them, it wasn't as potent as in the water and they still had great mobility, helping them outrun the fog expansion like their lives depended on it!

Zytoss was one of them, making him understand with great dread and fear what his armies were currently going through!

'RETREAT!! RETREAT!! RETREAT!!'

He shouted at everyone, knowing that even if the water was completely evaporated, they would need to deal with the fog, which would be covering a much larger surface area!

This would make it near impossible to get out of it without having their souls completely toasted!

Just like they received a royal pardon, the Scorchlanders morphed into their fastest forms and escaped from the hellish water.

AAAAA!!!! AAAA!!! AAAA!!!

Since there was still plenty of thick fog, the only thing they could do was scream their pain away as they flew towards their territory at top of their speed.

Obviously, not everyone managed to ignore the soul pain and escape...Some Scorchlanders completely gave in to this new experience of agonizing torture until their souls couldn't handle it and got destroyed in the end.

"What did I just witness..."

"What? Why? How?"

"Are they really retreating? Why are they screaming their lungs out?"

The Mire Marauders were left shocked speechless by the sight of their mortal enemies running away for the first time ever since the war started!

The fact that the Scorchlanders had escaped with their tails between their legs while screaming in pain made them confused, but at the same time understand that this wasn't a ploy by the outsider.

"Not bad, not bad at all." Chief Drogath commentated while cracking a pleased smile as he watched the Scorchlanders galloping to the horizons while completely giving up on the territorial line.

Whoosh!

"What's next?" Felix asked indifferently as he teleported next to Chief Drogath, standing in his previous place like he never left it.

"With their souls wounded like this, it won't be polite of us to not regain at least 20% of our lost territory." Chief Drogath smiled at Felix and asked, "How about you lead this mission?"

"Why not?" Felix smirked.

In less than an hour, Felix went from being tested to joining the conflict to become one of its leaders...Only Felix could pull off such an insane jump!