Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Without delay, Felix led the Mire Marauders to reclaim their lost territories...Because of the horrific method he used on their enemies, the Mire Marauders didn't dare to oppose his orders or complain about him anymore.

Honestly, Felix didn't do much but give out the order and watch them terraform the hardened lava sea into a swampy damp environment.

Without the Scorchlanders to interrupt them, the reclamation process carried on smoothly for the next ten kilometers.

In less than a few minutes, a desolate foggy, and murky jungle was born on the battlefield like it was here for centuries!

Meanwhile, Zytoss and his armies were left to watch decades of their effort go to waste in the blink of an eye with indignant looks.

Still, none of them dared to get near the green swamp as just the mere sight of it made their souls shiver.

"What do we do?" 

Everyone turned to Zytoss, hoping for a solution to save the rest of the conquered territory. Unfortunately, Zytoss was as hopeless as them.

He had absolutely no clue how to deal with the soul-burning attribute as it was the first time he experienced such a thing.

Knowing that he couldn't risk making a random decision, Zytoss decided to update his father on the situation.

'Sh*t, I am going to get the scolding of a lifetime.' Zytoss eyed Felix with an irked look, clearly extremely displeased with his involvement and the trouble he created for him.

'Work together to create a magma wall to stop their advances.' Zytoss ordered, 'If they seem to be preparing another tsunami, ditch the wall and distance yourselves.'

He didn't even need to tell them the second part as every one of them was already traumatized out of their minds by the swamp.

While the Scorchladers were preparing to slow down the Mire Marauders' advancement, Zytoss went to a private place and connected with his father.

He told him everything that happened and obviously brought out Felix's involvement to shift the blame...Lord Heatiaz wasn't pleased one bit when he heard about the entire situation.

'Why did he shove his nose in this?' Lord Heatiaz asked coldly.

'He told me that he is forced to do this for his goals or some crap.' Zytoss answered, 'He didn't really clarify.'

'Is he still there?'

'Yes, he is currently leading the Mire tribesmen.'

'Good.' 

Without warning, Lord Heatiaz took control over Zytoss' consciousness and physical form. Then, he took off towards the frontlines and stood on top of the rising magma wall.

When Felix spotted him and zoomed on Zytoss' expression, he immediately recognized it to belong to Lord Heatiaz. 

'He appeared faster than anticipated.'

"Brat, it looks like spending a long time with us made you believe yourself to be one of us." Lord Heatiaz addressed Felix coldly from a distance.

"I am still a guest my lord and I never dared think otherwise." Felix replied politely while making sure that he stayed on his side of the territorial line.

"Your actions disapprove of your words." Lord Heatiaz narrowed his eyes coldly, "But, I am not here to bicker with you. I will warn you only once. Return to the Northern Forest and spend what remained of your vacation there in peace. Otherwise, you won't be able to return even if you involved your masters."

This threat was more than enough to intimidate anyone as Lord Heatiaz wasn't known to be kind or patient...In other words, if Felix dared to ignore his warning, he would have only himself to blame when Lord Heatiaz make an example out of him.

"My apologies, but that, I can not do." Felix shook his head, "I came here to fulfill some harsh goals and the only way to achieve them is to take advantage of every opportunity before me. Unfortunately for our relationship, my goals conflicted with it, leaving me no choice but to terminate it and go against your tribe."

"It's not personal...It's just business." Felix stated with a composed tone as he eyed Lord Heatiaz directly, feeling not an ounce of fear or intimidation.

"Not personal? Just business? Child, do you think I give a damn about your feelings or motives? I have warned you and you chose to ignore it. That's all I need to know."

It was clear to all that Lord Heatiaz was done chatting and that there was nothing to remedy the situation for Felix any more.

"Lord, Before you leave, I do believe you still owe me a favor." Felix stated out loud for everyone to hear.

"A favor?"

Chief Drogath raised an eyebrow in surprise as he never heard about this...The same applied to most tribesmen in the battleground.

"Don't tell me he is planning to use the favor for our benefit?"

"If he did, I will never talk crap to him again!"

"It can't be, no one is that generous."

While the Mire Marauders were discussing this, Lord Heatiaz merely turned his head slowly and uttered with a chilling tone that sent goosebumps through the souls of both armies. "Child, I really advise you to choose your next words carefully."

This time, Lord Heatiaz straightway threatened Felix, making everyone understand that he wasn't messing about!

"I am merely hoping to get a five-hundred years truce between the two tribes." Felix stated, "I don't think I am asking for too much?"

Felix's request made the Mire Marauders feel instant appreciation and closeness to him...Half a millennia of peace were truly desired by every one of them as they had been nonstop fighting, dying, and reviving for a very long time.

Alas...

"I am a man of my word, but you can absolutely forget asking me for even one year of truce. Favor or not, it's not happening." Lord Heatiaz rejected it mercilessly, making the Mire Marauders have their hopes crushed at getting some peace against this tyrant.

"I see..." Felix sighed in disappointment on the outside...But in his heart? He was smiling wickedly like his rejection was a calculated move.

"Since our relationship has already fallen through, I think it's best to use this favor right now to get anything." Felix looked at Lord Heatiaz with a serious expression and requested, "Will you give me your word then to never kill me during this w.."

"No."

Another request was shot down before Felix could finish his sentence.

"Then, how about you at least give your word to never use your consciousness prowess on me or my party." Felix said with a firm tone, "If you rejected this too, then you might as well retract your favor as I don't need anything else."

Lord Heatiaz realized that he was put in a somewhat sticky situation as he didn't want to give Felix what he asked for.

After all, his consciousness prowess would enable him to kill Felix the instant he stepped on his territory.

He wasn't feeling like this because he thought that he couldn't kill Felix without it, he just felt that it would be too much of a hassle to use other methods.

Unfortunately, too many eyes were on him at the moment and he had already rejected two requests from Felix.

"Heatiaz, don't tell me this little one is scaring you?"

Abruptly, King Valthor's voice boomed from the sky as his featureless face shaped up on the gloomy black clouds.

"I don't blame him really, this kid is clearly special and without his spiritual pressure, he will most likely suffer to handle him." Elder Strauvis' face appeared to King Valthor as his sarcastic voice echoed in everyone's ears.

Before those two gods, no one dared to speak up or even raise their heads and look at their featureless faces...However, Lord Heatiaz, Chief Drogath, and Felix were a special case.

'Looks like those two old fogies really want to see some new drama happening to get themselves involved.' Asna giggled, knowing a pot stirrer from a mere glance.

'As long as they are on my side, I don't care what they do.' Felix smirked faintly at the sight of Lord Heatiaz's face turning bad at their statements.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

From the get-go, Felix wanted this request to be chosen instead of the other two since it would allow him to truly join the conflicts without fearing having his soul blown out of nowhere by Lord Heatiaz.

The truce request was merely useful for the short term and also for no one but the Mire Marauders. He still needed to earn the favor of the Desert Tribe.

As for the not the dying request? He knew that Lord Heatiaz was never going to agree to it after showing him his soul-burning ability.

This meant the best use of the favor was to negate the greatest threat to him, which was the consciousness prowess' massive difference!

"I hope those two old geezers' words don't make you get too cocky of yourself." Lord Heatiaz addressed Felix with his usual indifferent tone, "Unlike me, they don't care if you die or live."

"How rude."

"What a nasty allegation."

Lord Heatiaz ignored their replies and continued on as he kept staring Felix in the eyes, "Clearly, you also don't care about your life. So, I promise you to never use my consciousness prowess on you."

Before Felix could be overjoyed by his agreement, Lord Heatiaz smiled wickedly as he used his powers to create a decorated hellish bridge connecting the magma wall and the swamp.

"You are welcome to enter my territory anytime you want."

"Cough, maybe in the future." Felix replied as he gulped a mouthful in dread at the way Lord Heatiaz was looking at him.

He knew that even without the consciousness prowess, Lord Heatiaz's strength in his territory was merely a bit weaker than a primogenitor due to his overpowered multiple elemental manipulations!

Felix would be a retard to enter his territory now that he had pissed him off!

"I will be waiting..." With that last ominous and creepy statement, Lord Heatiaz finally gave Zytoss his body back.

"You done messed up big time now." Zytoss said as he gave Felix a sympathetic look, knowing that Felix had really riled up his father!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 