Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"THE REINFORCEMENT HAS ARRIVED!! ATTACK!!" Zytoss roared at his armies while standing on top of the lava wall.

In the past few weeks, his anger was building up within him as their territory was being devoured bit by bit and they had no way of stopping it!

To make matters worse, whenever they noticed that Felix wasn't involved in the war, they switch their defense to offense again, hoping to take advantage of his absence.

Alas, the moment they did this, Felix teleported to the battlefield and made them pay a heavy price with another flood capable of burning their souls!

When this happened twice and they ended up losing more than five kilometers in the process, Zytoss was forced to focus completely on defense until the reinforcement arrival.

Now that it arrived, he could finally switch things around.

Rumble Rumble!!

"F*ck, there are too many of them, inform the chief!"

"What the hell is this?! How can the reinforcement be this heavy!"

"Inform the chief! Inform the chief!"

The Mire Marauders were left in utter shambles as their momentum shattered when they noticed the numbers behind the reinforcement!

Even the most optimistic of them knew they would get their armies blazed through barbarically!

While the Mire Marauders were panicking, Olivia, Bodidi, and Selphie looked at each other in surprise.

"It really happened just like Felix predicted." Olivia said.

"Damn, he even got the timing almost right." Bodidi murmured, "Is he a sorcerer?"

Just as Selphie was about to add something, she went into battle mode after a flash of light appeared near her.

When it disappeared and she saw that it was Felix, she dropped her guard down and scolded him, "How many times did I tell you not to teleport this close to us?"

Felix ignored her as he narrowed his eyes at the incoming flood of Scorchlanders.

'They really went all out.' Asna commentated.

'The numbers are more or less the same as we have calculated.' Candace replied, 'I am more surprised by their aggressiveness as they seem to be coming at us without a plan.'

'Speed is the key to winning this conflict.' Felix shared, 'Lord Heatiaz knows that the sooner he conquered the Mire Marauders, the quicker he can return the reinforcement to their positions.'

'Hehe, if he is relying on speed, then he is going to be taught a tough lesson.' Asna giggled, knowing that Felix didn't spend those past weeks doing nothing to prepare for the war.

As the newly appointed leader of Mire Marauders' army, it was apparent that he was going to shoulder such responsibility regardless of the cost.

'Time to contact those fogies and launch our attack.' Felix smiled coldly.

***

Three Weeks Earlier, two days after Felix's first appearance on the battleground...

Felix could be seen drinking a cup of tea in the village hall with Chief Drogath and a couple of his commanders.

"Are you sure about this? It's going to cost you a lot." Chief Drogath asked as he eyed Felix.

"I don't mind." Felix smiled, "We are in this together now and it won't be right not to go all in."

Felix planned before on joining the conflict and doing the bare minimum to secure Chief Drogath's assistance in his training. However, after everything that happened, his plan was forcefully altered.

Now, he knew that Lord Heatiaz was going to go all out on the Mire Marauders...This meant his training wouldn't last a decade if the tribe got conquered.

So, it was in his best interest to go all out in protecting it...At least until he was satisfied with his poison manipulation improvement.

"We are really grateful for your help." Willow said as she bowed her head deeply.

"Don't thank me yet." Felix looked at the sky and requested with a serious tone, "King Valthor, is it possible to get a few minutes of your time?"

"Mmmm..."

The moment Felix heard the acknowledgment noise, he voiced his proposal, "Is it possible to hire your services as a message carrier between the bordering tribes of the Scorchlanders? I am willing to pay handsomely on weekly basis."

Felix understood that if he wanted the Mire Marauders to survive the Scorchlanders' Onslaughter, he would need the help of other tribes.

However, communication was a massive barrier in this galaxy without Queen Ai.

So, he came up with the idea of turning either King Valthor or Elder Strauvis as their message carrier since they were the only ones on this continent with the ability to speak with anyone!

"You are quite brave to suggest such a humiliating job to a king."

Suddenly King Valthor's featureless face appeared near Felix, making him flinch.

"As I said, I am willing to pay handsomely." Felix disclosed swiftly, "Two containers on a weekly basis for the next decade."

Chief Drogath and his commanders' eyes couldn't help but widen at Felix's proposal. Even King Valthor showed a surprised look, not expecting the offer to be really this generous.

Two containers on weekly basis for a decade translated to a thousand and he had to do nothing but deliver messages once in a while!

Still, King Valthor wasn't planning on agreeing at once.

"Five containers a week and I will consider it."

"Three containers a week, this is my last offer." 

"I am not interested in haggling with you, five or nothing."

"I see..." Felix sighed in disappointment, "I guess this leaves me no choice but to seek out Supreme Elder. Thank you elder for your time, I don't want to hold you for much longer."

"Cough, why are you in such a rush?" King Valthor switched his tone to a much kinder one as he said, "How about we settle at four containers? I will also make sure that the messages find their target instantly."

Felix scratched his head with a difficult look, seeming like he was having a problem with accepting the offer.

Just as King Valthor thought that Felix would reject him, he suddenly broke a forced smile and said, "I am counting on you, elder."

"Good, good, good." King Valthor smiled widely as he promised, "You won't be disappointed."

"I have my trust in you."

After King Valthor left, Chief Drogath and his commanders gave Felix a look filled with gratitude and appreciation.

With a simple calculation, they found out that Felix was going to pay for more than two thousand containers in a mere decade!

That was a huge favor in their eyes.

"Don't look at me like that." Felix said with a solemn tone, "We have contacted other tribes and are seeking out an alliance as fast as possible. Based on Lord Heatiaz's character, he would definitely come at us much harder instead of playing it slow."

"You're right." Chief Drogath replied calmly, "I will handle the alliance's creation. It's best that you continue your training, I will call you when I have an update."

"Sounds good to me." Felix nodded in agreement and excused himself.

It took Chief Drogath a couple of hours of back-and-forth messaging with the other chiefs to convince them about the alliance.

The fact that the Scorchlanders had pulled a considerable amount of their armies against those tribes made it easier to convince them.

When everyone was on board, Chief Drogath reached out to Felix again on his next move.

"Now, the tricky part." Felix uttered as he stood in an empty area with Chief Drogath.

"What do you mean?"

Felix narrowed his eyes at the sky as he anwsered, "Communication with other tribes is only useful to their side as we are the ones who will get the bigger hit."

Chief Drogath nodded in understanding. He already knew that the alliance wouldn't really come to their rescue when sh*t hit the fan since the distance between each other was just too much.

This meant the only use of the alliance was to organize a grouped attack on the Scorchlanders if they dared go all out on the Mire Marauders.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

This would indeed make the Scorchlanders pay a heavy price, but at the same time, the Mire Marauders would get absolutely demolished.

If so? It was nothing more than mutual destruction...Felix wasn't too hot on losing this poison sacred ground so soon.

"If I want my plan to work, we need Supreme Elder's permission badly." Felix said.

"Permission for what?"

Felix turned to look at him and uttered with a serious tone, "Permission to establish spatial portals between us and the other tribes."