Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Spatial portals?" Chief Drogath was taken back.

"Yes, with spatial portals connecting us with other tribes, we will be able to get reinforcement almost instantaneously." Felix affirmed, "This is the only way to turn things around if Lord Heataiz went all out on us."

Felix knew that as long as Elder Strauvis gave them permission, Bodidi could easily open long-lasting spatial portals between the tribes.

As a space worm, he could open spatial portals with low energy consumption as long as no one was using them all the time.

This would turn the alliance into a useful force to be utilized by the Mire Marauders.

"It sounds good and all, but even if we got the permission, have you forgotten that Elementals loss most of their strength if they leave their territory." Chief Drogath said.

This was a fatal flaw in this plan since even if the other tribes wanted to help, they wouldn't be able to do much but hold the Mire Marauders down during crucial times due to their weakened state.

"I know and I believe I have a solution for it."

Felix walked away from Chief Drogath and created a dimensional mirror that was connecting to the Northern Forest.

"Are you sure you aren't an Elemental in disguise?" Chief Drogath commentated as he studied the dimensional mirror with a faint look of marvel.

Who could blame his reaction? Felix had demonstrated that he could manipulate water, poison, lightning, gemstone, space, and even his size.

Felix chuckled at his comment and remained quiet, not wanting to freak him out by mentioning the rest of his arsenal.

"Be right back." He said as he walked to the Northern Forest.

The moment he stepped his foot there, Chief Cloveris' face manifested on a trunk of a tree.

"What brought you back so soon?" He asked.

"Chief, I'm hoping you give me permission to test something with Chief Drogath on your territory." Felix requested.

"What is it?" He asked as he glanced through the dimensional mirror and saw Chief Drogath, standing in front of it with his usual stoic expression.

"I want to try and see if it is possible for Chief Drogath's territory to expand through the spatial portal without him losing his control or prowess on it." Felix asked with a serious tone.

He knew that he was literally asking Chief Cloveris to trust him enough to give up a piece of his territory to another chief...Even if it was temporary, it was still a big request.

"Hmm...I guess this is related to the war." Chief Cloveris frowned, "I really don't want to take part in this."𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Just as Felix wanted to try and convince him a bit harder, Chief Cloveris sighed, "But, since you have been good to us, it won't be right to reject such a request. So, go for it and make it quick."

"Thank you, chief."

After showing his gratitude, Felix returned to Chief Drogath and told him about everything as he wasn't able to hear them talk through the dimensional mirror...Sound was easily lost in the fabric of space with such lower-quality portals.

"I am more surprised that Cloveris has agreed to your insane plan." Chief Drogath remarked, "He must really like you."

'I hope you like me even more as if this trial worked, you won't be pleased with what I am planning.' Felix thought to himself as he showed a mere smile as a reply.

Without further ado, Chief Drogath stretched his hand forward, causing the forest's swamp to begin spilling inside the dimensional mirror and reaching the Northern Forest.

In less than a few seconds, more than a kilometer radius around the dimensional mirror was turned into a similar swamp, causing some trees to blacken and some to have their leaves cut off like the tree was aging rapidly.

This was the effect of the poison inside the swamp as it was attacking any foreign object or lifeform indiscriminately.

Chief Cloveris merely knitted his eyebrows in silence at this sight.

"How do you feel?" Felix asked Chief Drogath.

"Normal?" Chief Drogath anwsered as he controlled the other part of the swamp to his own desire.

"Normal as in you haven't lost your consciousness prowess?"

"Yes." Chief Drogath nodded.

"As expected, it worked."

Felix's face broke into a wide elated smile at the news, knowing that this test success was enough to change the entire course of the conflict if used right!

Felix went back to the Northern Forest and thanked Chief Cloveris for his trust. Then, he returned and closed the dimensional mirror shut.

With it being close, the connection was cut off to Chief Drogath forcefully, turning the swamp into a normal environment...Then, Chief Cloveris got rid of it and returned that patch of forest to its natural appearance.

"It's time for the hard part."

Just as Felix was about to open his mouth and request permission from Elder Strauvis, he got ahead of him with a proposal.

"A ten food containers on a daily basis for each spatial portal between two tribes."

"..."

"..."

Felix and Chief Drogath were left speechless, not knowing whether to feel shocked at his agreement or his abusive rip-off.

"Don't even think of haggling with me like that bastard." Elder Strauvis added, "You either accept it or forget about it."

"Supreme El..."

"I agree." 

"You..."

"It's alright." Felix smiled bitterly at Chief Drogath, "It's just food, it doesn't matter as much as keeping your tribe safe."

Asna and Candace rolled their eyes at his shameless tear-jerking performance, knowing that the bastard could afford hundreds of such transactions with the amount of food he brought with him.

Unfortunately for the natives, they had no idea about this, which made Felix's actions touch Chief Drogath deeply.

He might not have said anything, but Felix knew that Chief Drogath was accepting him more and more.

'Hehehe, if things went as expected in the war, I will receive the best help in my training.' Felix laughed in his mind like a sleazy merchant who just succeeded in swindling his customer.

Although this really was downright immoral to be manipulating people's emotions through such fake actions, but Felix was already deep down in his revenge plan to give a sh*t about anyone's emotions.

As long as his goals could be achieved, he couldn't care less about the morality of his actions.

"Elder, I hope our partnership stays between us." Felix requested, fearing that everything would go to sh*t if Elder Strauvis' big mouth exposed them again.

"Don't worry, my mouth is sealed shut...Now, give me my food."

Although Felix still didn't trust him completely, he beamed more than three thousand food containers and said with an unwilling tone, "This is payment for a month."

This amount was enough to make even Chief Drogath's mouth water a bit...Before he could stare at them for long, the food containers disappeared with Elder Strauvis' voice.

'F*ck, I could have gotten much more out of him.' King Valthor was irritated by the sight as he felt like he was cheated out of his services.

Elder Strauvis received three thousand food containers in a mere month for nothing but giving out permission.

Meanwhile, he had to act like a damn radio for an entire decade. Alas, whether he was pissed off at the deal or not, it was already too late to change it.

For such authoritative Elementals, their word meant everything to them as it defined their reputation in the whole galaxy.

'Now, the only thing left is to convince Chief Drogath and our allies of my plan.' Felix thought to himself with a serious look.

'I really doubt Chief Drogath will accept it.' Asna shared.

'He won't be pleased, but he won't reject it.' Felix smirked coldly, 'I have shown him that I invested too much in this conflict for him to have cold feet.'

'You are really quite evil.' Candace licked her lips, 'I love it when you act like this.'

'Keep it in your pants, woman.' Asna gave her a lazy cold look that was enough to wire Candace's brain back to normal.

Felix ignored their banter and stared at the far distance in direction of the Scorchlanders' territory.

'If this strategy worked, I will be training at peace for a very long time for both sand and poison element...But if it failed? I will be forced to either give up on poison manipulation or seek out another tribe.'

Felix knew that his new reputation after the war would be down to the gutter if he failed with his strategy...This meant, even the other poison tribes on the other continent might not entertain him!

The stakes were this serious!

 