Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Booom!!

"Bastards!!" Lord Heatiaz cursed as he slammed the throne's armrest into fragments.

His eyes reflected the sight of his tribesmen getting hunted down by a never-ending shower of overwhelming abilities.

Elementals were hard to kill alright, but if there was enough power to completely ruin their environment, their consciousness would have nowhere to hide or go...This marked their ending.

"How did this even happen right below our noses?" Iavroim said with an agitated tone.

"There is only one to find out." Lord Heatiaz glared at the ceiling of his throne chamber and shouted, "King Valthor! Supreme Elder! How can you allow this!!"

Lord Heatiaz was certain that one of those two elders had a role in helping the alliance create this ambush.

In his eyes, it was simply impossible to conduct this perfectly arranged counter-attack without careful planning with all parties involved.

The fact that the alliance was able to open multiple portals made him more certain.

"We can do as we please on our celestial bodies...So, know your place before addressing us." King Valthor anwsered indifferently, not bothering to explain himself.

Fortunately for Lord Heatiaz, Elder Strauvis was more understanding as he shared, "They paid for permission to open the portals. I may not prefer interfering in your little conflicts, but if the price is right, nothing will stop me."

"How much did they pay?" Elder Strauvis asked with a cold tone.

He already knew that Elder Strauvis could be hired to do anything as long as the price was right.

He just never expected that someone would pay him to open spatial portals in his celestial body.

Still, he was lucky that Elder Strauvis was respectful enough to merely allow the initial permission. Permission was still needed from the chiefs to allow portals in their territory.

If it wasn't for this, Felix would have straightaway opened spatial portals near the Scorchlanders' main village and attacked it while most of their armies were out.

Since he already got permission from Elder Strauvis and Chief Xander, there was no need to include King Valthor.

"He paid more than enough."

Elder Strauvis went silent after this answer, making Lord Heatiaz understand that he wasn't telling him more.

"What do we do father?" Iavroim asked with a worried look, "Even if we withdrew all of our armies, we won't be able to stop them in time."

"Withdrew our armies?" Lord Heatiaz sneered, "Why would I do that?"

Before Iavroim could respond, Lord Heatiaz sent a collective order to all of his commanders.

"GO ALL OUT!"

The moment Zytoss and the rest of the commanders received this order, they didn't think twice about their father's motive before switching to a wild assault!

All of the alliance's tribes, who sent a majority of their armies through the portals, were exposed to this barbaric assault!

When the news reached Felix and the alliance's chiefs, none of them seemed fazed.

"He is really too predictable." Felix snickered.

"Millennias of successful conquests through brute force will make anyone always seek out the brute path." Chief Xandor said calmly.

Felix and the alliance's chiefs had predicted that Lord Heatiaz would most definitely attempt to pressure them by attacking their unprotected tribes.

That's why they left enough of their army to hold the tribe's territory by creating a defensive blockade.

Because the reinforcement of the Scorchlanders in the Mire Marauders' territory was taken from those armies, the blockade was enough to hold them down for a fairly long time...At least, until they reach their goal from their assault.

Though, the same couldn't be applied to Mire Marauders.

'Boy, Chief Drogath has sent you a message. It says: it's getting harder and harder to hold them.' King Valthor disclosed telepathically.

Felix thanked him for his work and spoke with the alliance's chiefs, "I am going back to the Mire Marauders' tribe to help with the defense."

"Be careful."

"Good luck."

"Don't sacrifice yourself. if Mire Marauders' tribe was lost, it can always be revived in the future." 

The alliance's chiefs advised Felix with good intentions as they already started to consider him a vital member of their war.

"Don't worry."

Felix nodded in appreciation and teleported tens of kilometers above the battlefield, giving him a perfect view of the ongoing slaughter.

'Chief Drogath wasn't exaggerating one bit.' Felix frowned at the sight of the territorial line already being pushed back more than ten kilometers...This occurred while the Lava sea was moving at a slow pace.

Felix could see that the Mire Marauders were doing their absolute best to defend it and slow down the conquest but to no avail.

Even Olivia and Selphie were dancing on the battlefield and using their unique spells to halt the advancement.

While Olivia's help was mostly noneffective due to her element being hard countered by the magma, Selphie was really giving the Scorchlanders hell with her combination of spells.

Still, her area of influence didn't surpass a mere a couple of kilometers due to her energy tank being quite limited.

In addition, her time spells consumed a significant amount of energy for each spell.

In fact, even Felix's current teleportation spell had left him close to exhaustion due to the distance traveled being way too long.

The only difference between him and Selphie was that he had Asna capable of purifying spatial elemental stones, allowing him to rejuvenate it at a rapid pace.

"Are you going to use that tactic?" Asna inquired after noticing Felix beaming drone-like silver devices into the clouds.

"It's the only one that will allow me to slow down the conquest's speed drastically or even halt it completely if I am lucky." Felix nodded while flying through the clouds above the battlefield.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

He wasn't having difficulty with flight as he was using newly mastered lesser spell called Spatial Levitation.

It enabled Felix to make himself or objects levitate freely...Obviously, it used spatial energy as fuel.

After spending more than five minutes placing those devices, Felix stopped in the middle of the sky above the battleground.

Then, he requested from Queen Ai an offline version, 'Activate the rainstorm devices.'

'Understood.'

Since those devices were connected to Felix's AP bracelet, Queen Ai could activate them from a distance by using similar technology to Bluetooth or Wifi.

Not being connected to the UVR only meant that Felix was unable to access the network, database, and Queen AI in general...It didn't mean that he couldn't use her as an AI for his Bracelet.

"It's happening." Candace uttered with an excited tone as she saw the already gloomy sky turning much darker and thicker...Then, droplets began to fall into the battlefield.

However, because of the explosions and insane heat in the atmosphere, those droplets were turned into mist before touching the ground.

They merged with already-created fog from the evaporation reaction, causing both armies to not pay attention to them.

"It's time."

Felix folded his legs into a meditation position and sat at the very top of the rainstorm clouds, making him in direct contact with the glorious sun.

Felix ignored this magnificent view and increased his size until he was at least ten kilometers tall. Then, he closed his eyes and folded his hands together.

With his nude chiseled chest, and giant colorful gemstones illuminated brilliantly due to the sun rays, Felix appeared like a Buddhist statue to be worshiped for generations...

'King Valthor, please tell Chief Drogath to retreat his army from the battlefield.' Felix opened his eyes and stated with a soothing tone, 'It's about to get rainy.'

'Kid, you really a devil incarnation, aren't you?' King Valthor laughed as he already knew what Felix planned on doing.

'I am just doing my job.' Felix replied calmly as he released a flood of green water from his pores and controlled it to spread throughout the thick clouds above the battlefield!

Even though the battlefield stretched for thousands of kilometers, with Felix's water external manipulation, he found absolutely no issue with making his soul-burning water reach every single corner!

If seen from above, one would be mesmerized by the sight of rainclouds seemingly having green water veins coursing through them!

When Felix finished his preparation, the Mire Marauders' armies gave up on their territorial line and retreated away from the battleground.

Neither Zytoss nor his army was weirded out about this sight as they anticipated them to retreat sooner or later.

Chi Chi Chi!!!...

Meanwhile, the soft rain had finally turned into a heavy downpour.

This made the rain merge with the soul-burning water of Felix in the clouds and carry it down its journey as green droplets!!!

One soul-burning droplet was nothing, but what about billions or even billions of neverending droplets?!

"AAAA!!! WHAT THE HELL!!"

"AWEEE!!! IT BURNS!!"

"WHY IS IT RAINING!! AND WHY THE F*CK IS THE RAIN HURTING MY SOUL!!"

The Sorchlanders' mindless aggression was forcefully halted after each one of them ended up getting showered by a soul-burning rain!

Because of the heavy downpour, even the insane heat couldn't turn the droplets into a fog before touching the Scorchlanders!

To make matters worse? Even when the rain turned into fog, it was green as well and kept burning their souls each second!

"This is my territory now."

Felix stated with a flat tone as he watched the Scorchlanders' armies get thrown into utter mayhem!!