Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"It's happening again..." Zytoss murmured with a traumatic look at the sight of his armies using whatever means possible to protect themselves from the rain and the fog!

Some covered themselves inside barriers of magma and some buried themselves underneath the lava sea!

Whatever method was used, no one bothered to push the territorial line anymore when their souls were getting tormented!

Meanwhile, the Mire Marauders didn't know whether to feel relieved or shocked after figuring out that this was Felix's doing!

In fact, even Selphie and Olivia were left with mouth agape in disbelief at this sight was simply on the level of a god instead of a mortal!

'Is this how much he improved in the Cold Lone Island?'

Selphie and Olivia were left feeling a deep level of despair at Felix's insane advancement...Each time they thought that they were getting closer to Felix, he pull off something like this and wake them up from their fantasy.

"This f*cking brat is really getting on my nerves!" 

Meanwhile, Lord Heatiaz had the opposite reaction to this new development...His intense fury could be felt even when lava and magma were everywhere.

Who could blame him?

He was placing high hopes on capturing the Mire Marauders to use it as a bargaining chip against the alliance.

He might be wild in his decisions, but it didn't mean that he was stupid...He knew that Felix's goals lay in the Mire Marauders' tribe survival.

As the figurehead of this alliance, he had a big say on the matter of whether to save the Mire Marauders or give up on them.

Now even this card was about to get forcefully taken away from him.

Lord Heatiaz wasn't having it!

"Zytoss! Order those f*ckers to stop hiding on individual barriers and work together to create a giant shield as high as possible to protect the entire army!"

If it was up to him, Lord Heatiaz would have created the shield on his own.

Unfortunately, there was one universal rule in the entire galaxy about Elemental Conflicts that couldn't be overwritten by anyone.

Elementals could only fight other Elementals on the same level of hierarchy as them due to the unbridgeable consciousness prowess difference...This was a rule invoked by Foremother Siamese personally and upheld by every Elemental for the sake of their protection.

Obviously, there were exceptions to this rule since punishments had to be given out to those deserving of them.

In this case, Lord Heatiaz had no right to exert his powers on the Mire Mauraders' Elementals when he was the one invading them.

This meant if he wanted to join the conflict, he could only fight Chief Drogath, Chief Xandor, and the rest of the alliance's chiefs.

Unfortunately, when the chiefs fight each other, it always resulted in the mass destruction of the environment due to their insane strength.

This infringed on the only rule Elder Strauvis had in his world, which meant unless Lord Heatiaz wanted to summon his wrath on him, he better continue leading his people passively.

Rumble Rumble!!

Zytoss made sure to use his father's name to install fear into the hearts of his people when he gave them the order.

This made the Scorchlanders fight through their cowardness and fear of the rain and build one unified humongous shield that resembled a ceiling made out of hardened magma.

Naturally, it was supported by countless pillars throughout the battlefield.

With the massive numbers of the Scorchladners, it took them merely a couple of minutes to get the job down.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Oh no!"

"This is bad!"

"They countered it!"

When the Mire Marauders saw the rain turn into the fog above the ceiling and remain separated from the battlefield, they couldn't help but feel dread creeping up on them again.

"Haha! Good job everyone!" Zystoss praised while laughing in elation at their father's tactic working perfectly against the rain.

The Scorchlanders also cheered in excitement as they watched what remained of the fog disappearing from their territory.

"As long as the Scorchlanders protect their shield, they can continue moving forward!" Olivia exclaimed with a worried tone.

This was exactly what happened as Zytoss assigned a portion of his army to be responsible for protecting the shield and also extending it into unprotected areas.

Because of this, their conquest speed was going to take quite a big hit, which could be considered a small victory for Felix and The Mire Marauders.

If it was someone else, he would be satisfied with this ending and wish for the best...But not Felix!

"Nice try, but it's not enough." Felix uttered with a flat tone as he stared at the magma ceiling that was blocking his vision completely.

"Ohoho, you have more?" King Valthor asked with an intrigued tone as his face manifested in the clouds near Felix.

"You will see." Felix replied while pausing the overflow of the green water from his pores.

This caused the next waves of rain to return to normal...Since the rain was falling also in the Mire Marauders' territory, the Scorchlanders were surprised when they saw it.

"Haha! He must have given up!"

"Phew, thank goodness."

"Don't grow complacent! It might be bait to give up on our shield!"

Zytoss warned everyone, not daring to let down his guard ever again against Felix.

He was smart to think like this. Unfortunately for him, it didn't really matter that much...

RUMBLE RUMBLE!!!...

Without any warning, the battleground's noise was deafened by one of the loudest natural noises in the entire universe.

Thunderclaps!!!

The Scorchlanders lifted their heads with various looks of confusion, shock, and a hint of dread.

"The clouds...The clouds are flashing green..."

When their eyes landed on the distance thunderclouds outside of their shield's range, that hint of dread was turned into full-blown bone-chilling fear.

"Please don't tell me it's what I am thinking of...Please!"

RUMBLE!! BOOOM!! BOOOM!!!...

Before they could even resort to prayers and wishful beggings, the brilliant thunderclouds began raining down with thousands of thick green lightning bolts across the entire battleground!!

To the absolute shock and fear of the Mire Marauders and the Scorchlanders, the lightning bolts were insanely powerful as each strike that landed on the magma ceiling ended up creating a massive hole!

When there were thousands of lightning bolts striking each second randomly, it was to no one's surprise that the magma ceiling was getting absolutely battered!

Thud Thud! Thud!!

Giant fragments kept falling into the lava sea, Pillars cracked apart after they lost their balance, and the Scorchlanders were turned into a shambled army yet again!

AAAAAAAAA!!!! AAAAAAAAAA!!!! AAAAAAAAAA!!!

To make matters worse, with the shield's hastened destruction, the lighting bolts began targeting the Scorchlanders!!

Unlike the soft rain and fog, the lightning bolts carried one of the most potent soul-burning effects in all of Felix's elements due to their destructiveness!!

This resulted in multiple Scorchlanders literally getting one-shotted by a lightning bolt, falling into the lava sea with no intentions of ever getting back!

Selphie, Olivia, Chief Drogath, King Valthor, Lord Heatiaz, and Zytoss were left staring with stunned and aghast expressions at the Scorchlanders' massive army getting absolutely demolished by one person!

One human! One outsider! One Mortal!

It was an uncanny sight that no one anticipated ever occurring in the history of the Elemental Galaxy!

While the entire battleground had been turned upside down, the main culprit could be seen still sitting in the same position and with the same size.

Szzlzlzlzlzlzlz!!!

The only difference was that his entire nude body was covered from bottom to top with brilliant electrical green discharges, causing his long hair to be forcefully unbraided and stand upright akin to spikes.

Felix opened his eyes slowly, showing nothing but illuminating electricity coursing on his pupils, and then glanced below him at the dying Scorchlanders.

"You should have stayed with the rain." He uttered indifferently as lightning escaped from his mouth with each word released.

'Now, he looks more like me.' Thor stated with a cocky smirk and a hidden proud look.