Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Tsk, show off." Jörmungandr clicked his tongue in irritation at the sight of Thor's cocky smirk.

While he was immensely pleased with Felix's utilization of lightning, he still felt a bit vexed that his element was being shunned to the side.

But, he knew that Felix wasn't really playing favoritism as poison element was not the best option in this situation.

After all, poison was originally in a mist form, which made it get countered heavily by the intense heat of the battlefield.

Additionally, poison's main source of power came from the inducement effects, which were useless against Elementals in general...After all, how could you poison nature itself?

Even if he used a potent brittle inducement to damage the hardened bodies of Scorchlanders, they would still turn into lava and void his attempts.

As for the deconstruction sacred attributes or other attributes? Why use them when a soul-burning attribute was literally the best counter to Elementals?

This left only lightning as the best option even though Felix had absolutely no control over such a massive thunderstorm.

Rumble Rumble!!!

The only thing he could do was keep fueling it and watch it attack anything in sight!

"Father, we have to do something! Our army isn't going to last like this!" Iavroim said with a distressed tone.

"Bunch of good for nothings." Lord Heatiaz cursed coldly as he stood up from his throne, causing the entire throne chamber to shake at his awake.

"Father...Don't tell me, you are heading there personally?!"

Iavroim was left shocked by her conclusion as she knew that if her father dared to join the conflict personally, he would be breaking laws set by Foremother Siaseme herself!

"I have no intentions of touching the Mire Marauders or helping my people. I am just heading out to get rid of an outsider vermin who keeps butting in my business." Lord Heatiaz sneered as he looked at the ceiling, "I believe I am within my own rights to do that."

"..."

"..."

"Thought so."

Elder Strauvis and King Valthor neither confirmed nor denied his statement, which made Lord Heatiaz snort out loud.

He already knew that those two had absolutely no authority to keep his hands away from Felix when he was literally at war with him.

Because of Felix's foreigner status, he obviously didn't fall under the same sets of laws as Elementals, which meant that Lord Heatiaz was free to do as he pleased with him!

Ka-Thump!! Ka-Thump!!

With a wave of a hand, the throne chamber started shaking wildly like an earthquake had come for a visit!

The tremors' source was the humongous towering black volcano as the throne chamber was built right at the bottom of its mouth!

Pssshs Pshshs!!

Bubbling red lava began bursting from the bottom, filling up the entire throne chamber and covering Lord Heatiaz and Iavroim.

"Handle matters here when I am away."

Before Iavroim could reply, she found herself thrown out of the volcano and forced to turn into a lava eagle to stay in the air.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

With a sudden thunderous explosion, the biggest volcano in this world finally erupted, launching an unfathomable amount of lava and magma into the air! 

However, nothing fell down at the empty Scorchlanders' village.

"He is really royally pissed..."

Ivaroim uttered with a stunned expression at the sight of the magma, lava, and gas being turned into a singular flaming meteor that was flying into the atmosphere!

Obviously, its direction was the battleground!

Meanwhile, Felix and everyone around the battleground were left baffled after hearing a sudden explosion and being hit by a weakened shockwave.

'What's this?' Felix frowned, knowing that such shockwaves could only be produced by explosions on a nuclear level.

'It has to be a volcano eruption.' Asna guessed after eliminating the usual suspects due to them not existing in this world.

'If you are right, it means he is finally coming.' 

Felix took a deep breath to calm his arising agitation at the notion of being hunted down by Lord Heatiaz.

Even the bravest would feel nervous if they were told that a being on a primogenitor's level was after them.

'You can still retreat to Mire Marauders' territory.' Asna said, 'No one will judge you.'

'No, I will judge myself for being a coward.' Felix hardened his expression.

Felix knew that if he fought against Lord Heatiaz in his environment, he had zero chance of winning. However, right now he was tens of kilometers above the surface.

The sky was part of the atmosphere, which meant part of Elder Strauvis' main consciousness.

That's why Felix wasn't too afraid about being above Scorchlanders' territory as he knew that Lord Heatiaz wouldn't be as deadly.

'I have already got rid of him using his consciousness prowess on me. So, there won't be another chance of experiencing Lord Heatiaz's strength even if he was massively weake..'

Before Felix could finish speaking, his instincts alarmed him of an immense incoming danger from the back.

When he turned around, Felix felt chills coursing down his spine at the sight of a billion-ton raging meteor, falling straight into his location!

This was happening while he was already above the highest point of the clouds!!

'He really brought with him his environment.' Thor stated speechlessly.

This changed everything in everyone's eyes as they knew that Lord Heatiaz would have more natural resources to use in addition to the elemental abilities he could create!

'If I can't even be courageous to fight here, I have no right to exert my revenge!'

Still, Felix merely toughened his expression and extended his finger into clouds, absorbing every single electrical discharge into his finger.

Since the thunderstorm spanned thousands of kilometers, Felix's finger kept turning brighter and brighter until it was nearly impossible to look at it without getting blinded!

Rumble Rumble...

Naturally, this reduced the number of lightning bolts until there were barely a couple of ones striking here and there.

When it was fully pacified, the Scorchlanders lifted their heads and stared at the thunderstorm with looks of confusion and relief.

One could only wonder if they would feel relieved to know that the nightmarish thunderstorm was now fully concentrated at the tip of Felix's finger...It was pointed at no one but their lord!

With a cold resolved look, Felix uttered, "Thunder God's Decree!"

Just like the last time Felix used this ability on The Bishop at his promotional game, a magnificent thin green beam surged from his finger, casting a blinding flash of light that illuminated even the darkest cloud in the thunderstorm, baffling everyone on the battleground!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

When the flash of light dimmed down, the laser beam disappeared as well, leaving behind two aftermaths.

Felix's extended finger emitting smoke and the blazing meteor exploding into gigantic burning pieces...

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Before Felix or his tenants could enjoy this beautiful once-in-a-lifetime scenery, the sonic boom of the explosion finally reached Felix and the thundercloud behind him.

WHOOOOSH!!!

The shockwave was insanely powerful as it had cleared out a humongous hole in the thunderstorm, causing the sun rays to finally reach the ground and most importantly, allowing both armies to see what was happening.

When everyone saw Felix's gigantic body that was covered in electricity and the shattered falling meteor, they were left stupefied and mostly bewildered as hell.

"It can't be..."

"Impossible!!!"

Only Chief Drogath and Zytoss had a small inclination on what had occurred...Yet, no matter how much they tried, their minds simply refused to accept their conclusion!

'Was it really this easy?'

In fact, even Felix was finding this situation a bit difficult to believe even when he was clear about the terrifying power of his ability Thunder God's Decree infused with soul-burning attributes.

He almost never use this ability since it required an insane amount of electricity to be viable and it was hard to spend time in the middle of the fight to meet this condition.

But in this situation, he had everything prepared for him and Felix merely took the free opportunity to use it.

He didn't have a single clue that it was going to be this freaking powerful to the point a billion-ton meteor got blown out!!

Alas...The fairy tale had to end even if it lasted for a mere second.

Rumble Rumble!!

"I knew I was asking for too much." Felix narrowed his eyes in complete concentration after spotting the destroyed meteor fragments merging with each in a single point.

In a few moments, the process ended and the smoke was pushed away by the breeze, exposing Lord Heatiaz's demonic body in his glory without a single bump on him.

The only difference between this version and the one on the throne was the size as even with Felix's current towering height, he was still forced to lift his head to match Lord Heatiaz's dreadful cold eyes.

"That hurts, you little brat." Lord Heatiaz uttered without an ounce of pain in his expression like his soul didn't just receive one of Felix's most powerful strikes!!

'Well, sh*t.'

Felix smiled through his nervousness as he covered his body in a condensed crystalized armor, knowing that this was the moment of truth.

The moment when he learns and experience the true terror of beings at the same level of hierarchy as primogenitors without any safety net!!

 