Lord Heatiaz extended his molten clawed hand in direction of Felix and said, "It won't be polite not to return the favor."

The moment Felix saw Lord Heatiaz's hand turning brighter and brighter, he immediately manifested ten thick crystalized adamantine gates in front of him and used his levitation spell on them to keep them hovering in their place!

"Foolish attempts." Lord Heatiaz sneered as he fired a dazzling red laser beam from his hand!

The laser beam was extremely intense and powerful, making the tenants recognize immediately that it was much stronger than Felix's Thunder God's Decree!

How strong exactly?

BOOOOM!!! BOOM!! BOOOM!!!

The crystalized adamantine thick gates ended up getting pierced through one after the other without much resistance like they were made out of some cheap alloy instead of one of the hardest materials in the universe!!!

"Sh*t!!!" 

Felix's expression couldn't help but turn ugly as was forced to evade the lava laser beam to save his dear life.

His most trusted defensive gemstone had failed him at the very start of the fight, making him understand that he was simply way out of his depth!

'How can he create such an intense beam in mere seconds without preparation while Felix needed an entire thunderstorm?' Candace asked with a deep frown as she watched Lord Heatiaz playing with Felix by using a single laser beam.

'Primogenitors and Elementals at our level are able to condense, absorb, process, and refine anything related to their element at a godly speed due to the massive time we spent on doing them.' Jörmungandr anwsered.

In other words, Lord Heatiaz could manifest multiple intense lava red beams as he pleased at ground-breaking speed while Felix needed to struggle to create just one!

In this department, there was simply no way Felix could catch up to Lord Heatiaz or the primogenitors without spending a lot of time!

"I guess you are too fast to get hit by one. How about ten?" Lord Heatiaz smiled coldly as he started launching ten lava laser beams from his fingers akin to a machine gun!

BOOOM!! BOOOM!! BOOOM!!

This added intense pressure on Felix's ability to defend himself as he kept using crystalized gemstone barriers, shields, walls, and whatever means possible to avoid getting hit.

As for focusing completely on dodging? Felix was fast alright, but those intense lava laser beams were even faster since they were instantaneous beams.

"HAHA! HE F*CKED UP BIG TIME!!"

"He actually made our lord make a personal move on him! He should feel honored!"

"Kill him! Kill him!! Kill the bastard!!"

Meanwhile, The Scorchlanders grabbed popcorn and watched this ongoing one-sided showdown, cheering for their lord to slay Felix to vent their aggregation from being bullied by him before.

In the opposite direction, Mire Marauders, Olivia, and Selphie had various negative emotions written on their faces.

"Please help him!" Olivia begged Chief Drogath, knowing that he was the only one capable of standing before Lord Heatiaz.

As for her? As much as she wanted to offer her assistance, she knew that she would be merely a hindrance to Felix and might even cause him to get killed off faster.

"My apologies, little one." Chief Drogath sighed, "My hands are tied on the matter. If I dared to fight off Lord Heatiaz in the sky, he will definitely overpower me and might even destroy my consciousness. If that happens, everyone in my territory will drop dead. I can't do that to my people."

"You!"

As much as his explanation was reasonable, Olivia still refused to accept it since she believed that Felix was in this mess because he wanted to help them.

In reality? Chief Drogath really didn't owe Felix anything yet since he was the one who was desperate to join the conflict to fulfill his goals.

So, why would Chief Drogath risk the death of his people for the sake of saving him when he hired Felix to help them survive?

It was like hiring a bodyguard for your protection, but you're expected to sacrifice yourself for the bodyguard's safety.

"Plus, I believe that your friend is engaging with Lord Heatiaz willingly." Chief Drogath frowned, "He had many chances to use teleportation and return to my territory and avoid the fight completely."

"Huh?"

This left both Selphie and Olivia stunned as when they thought about it, they realized that he was right!

"Why??" Selphie murmured as she eyed Felix who was still doing everything in his power to not get hit by the beams.

Unlike Olivia, she really considered flying over there to help Felix, but after realizing that he was doing it voluntarily, she understood that Felix wouldn't want her up there.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

'Sh*t, he isn't taking this seriously at all and I am still getting f*cked up.' Felix cursed while thinking of new plans to solve his current predicament without resorting to escaping from the fight.

'Thunder God's Decree failed to harm him even when it was powered up with a soul-burning attribute. This means most of my elemental attacks are pretty useless against him. This leaves me with only Spatial spells.'

The cogs in Felix's brain worked at their fastest speed to come up with a legit strategy as he knew that Lord Heatiaz was bound to get bored of toying with him.

When that happen, he would go all out and that would be the end of the fight with either Felix f*cking off or dying.

'But I can't cast spatial spells under this intense pressure.'

Against strong opponents, spellcasters always start with spells running in the background to protect them as well as their runic hexes...This would allow them to go all out in their assault, making sure that their entire focus would be on just spellcasting.

But in this case? Felix was literally against a deity with a reaction speed of 0.001 seconds or even lower, meaning that he would be always faster than Felix's spellcasting!

The only reason Felix managed to hit him before with Thunder God's Decree was because of its uncanny speed.

"Losing focus against me, you are a bold one."

Abruptly, Lord Heatiaz snapped his finger, causing the laser beams that were dodged by Felix to defy gravity and reverse their pathing, attacking him where he least expected it!

'Teleportation!'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix cast his most reliable evasive spell in his kit, allowing him to disappear from his location, successfully dodging the laser beams by a hair strand!

"Such a rookie mistake." Lord Heatiaz sneered as he locked his eyes on the exact position where Felix's body was going to appear from teleportation!!

He did so through his insane sensitivity to space as the teleportation spell destabilizes space when used in both locations!!

Lord Heatiaz didn't waste this free opportunity as he shot another laser beam at Felix's location while his body was still getting constructed!

BOOOOM!!!

While this entire scenario seemed in slow motion to Lord Heatiaz, in the eyes of the bystanders, the only thing they managed to capture was Felix's disappearance and a sudden explosion, followed by a rain of blood and two ripped-off bloody limbs, falling from the sky...

Olivia and Selphie's eyes widened to the limit in shock and horror as they kept staring at the falling gigantic limbs and the blood cloud, feeling like their hearts had just dropped to the bottom of their stomach...

"FELIX!!"