Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

No matter how loud they shouted his name, it didn't change the fact that Felix was injured heavily...

"You managed to change your position at the last moment, not bad." Lord Heatiaz praised as he eyed Felix through the disappearing blood cloud.

Cough! Cough!

Felix didn't even hear his compliment as he kept coughing a great amount of blood with a pained expression.

His condition wasn't to be envied as he had lost his left leg and arm, plus a sizable portion of his left torso, exposing his mushed-up interior.

Fortunately, his fire immunity saved him from getting burnt to a crisp, which was the biggest source of damage to the laser beam.

'Felix, I think it's time to leave.' Asna said with a worried tone as she didn't expect the fight to be this one-sided.

'Not yet...Cough!'

Felix toughened through the pain and used his new healing ability *Water Touch* plus *Poison Recovery* to boost his insane rejuvenation.

With the addition of healing sacred attribute to both abilities, Felix's wounds were getting healed at a freakish speed that took even Lord Heatiaz by surprise.

How fast?

Well, Felix's body returned to its peak form in less than a second under the dumbfounded eyes of the Scorchlanders, halting their celebration before it could even take off!

"I have to give it to you. You're an interesting creature for sure. But, it's time to end things." Lord Heatiaz narrowed his eyes coldly and uttered, "Wind Coffin."

Whoosh!! Whoosh!! Whoosh!!...

Abruptly, Felix was assaulted with intense powerful wind gales from all directions, causing his body to get affixed in a single place!!

This could be considered as an upgraded version of what Felix experienced against Eldrid as he realized that it was just impossible to move a finger.

In fact, even breathing became difficult as his lungs were being pressed to their limit.

'Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!!'

Felix got agitated as he kept thinking of ways to free himself without repercussions...But, he realized that there was none!

If he used teleportation or spatial displacement, he would be setting himself up for failure as Lord Heatiaz would always act one step faster than him.

The only way to avoid this was by having quicker reflexes or thinking reaction than him.

Increasing his body mass to escape the wind pressure would make it impossible to evade the laser beams...As for decreasing it? Well, nothing much would change.

Even his crystalized shields or barriers would fail to protect him like before...Especially when he had less time to make them.

'Is this it? Is this my current strength compared to such figures?'

Felix would be lying if he said that he wasn't absolutely devastated by the fight's development as he didn't expect to get bested in all departments...This happened while Lord Heatiaz wasn't even using his consciousness prowess or taking this fight seriously.

'I can't, I just can't accept this ending!' Felix's expression turned from frustration to absolute anger as he could see his confidence crumbling before his own eyes.

The confidence that he needed to fight off the Darkin faction.

The confidence that he worked his ass off to cultivate and keep him always motivated and certain that there would be a day when he reached the same level as primogenitors.

Felix knew that if he lost just a bit of his confidence, he could forget about avenging his family, friends, and race.

Felix might seem normal on the outside, but only he and the tenants knew that the guilt of killing off his family was still eating him alive on daily basis, making him even have nightmares during his sleep.

Yet, he was able to keep his cool at all times simply because he knew that he still had work to be done...But now? His future really looked too bleak and Felix knew that if he retreated like this, he was done for.

Uncaring about Felix's rapid thought process, Lord Heatiaz launched a laser beam at him and waited to see if he was going to use teleportation near him or not.

Even though he knew that it was coming, he couldn't do much about it since the runic hex could be controlled to appear in any location as long it was above or below Felix, making it possible to be activated without interruption.

The only runic hexes that Lord Heatiaz could interrupt were the ones cast near him, which was the reason Felix knew relying on spatial spells wasn't going to work.

The moment Lord Heatiaz sensed a disturbance in space in Felix's location, his first instinct was to look around him in case Felix was foolish enough to repeat the same mistake.

"Huh?"

However, before he could do this, he was startled by the sight of his laser beam going through Felix like he was a ghost!

"Is that spatial imprisonment?" Lord Heatiaz recognized what Felix used immediately, which truly threw him off.

Who could blame him?

Not even Felix's tenants thought of him being crazy enough to the point he would use spatial imprisonment on himself just to stay in the fight!!

It was a known fact that spatial imprisonment captured the target inside a different temporary dimension.

Felix was inspired by this idea at the last moment by the wind coffin ability as it made him realize that he could still avoid the attack without needing to move!

Was it an unorthodox crazy move? Yes! Did it work, absolutely!

"Why are you still trying so hard?" Lord Heatiaz asked with a weird look, "You should know by now that you aren't going to win this."

Felix ignored his question and used the chance to teleport right behind Lord Heatiaz while still imprisoned in a different dimension!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix released a long dreadful spatial blade at Lord Heatiaz, causing his torso to get sliced up akin to butter!

'I did it...I hit him!' Felix uttered with a look of exhilaration and disbelief as he watched Lord Heatiaz's torso fall into two directions!

He betted everything on this attack as it was the last thing in his pocket, knowing that spatial imprisonment allowed him to cast only spatial spells.

Felix wasn't delusional to trust that his attack was going to hit since spatial blades were slow and left spatial destruction at their awake, making them noticeable even by normal fighters!

So, his hail mary had less than 0.000001% of it working!

"As expected, your motive is really to just hit me."

Alas, his happiness was shortlived as Lord Heatiaz's body got reformed back to shape after ditching the magma body parts sliced by the spatial blade.

'He allowed himself to get hit...' Felix's heart dropped to his stomach as his confidence was finally cracked...

Even he couldn't help but feel a sense of despair as from the start to the end of the fight, nothing was in his control...Something that he had almost never experienced before in his life.

His wits, schemes, and unique ideas that always got him out of trouble were completely useless against such raw overwhelming strength.

This was enough to shatter anyone's confidence...

'Felix, please leave already.' Asna begged him, 'This fight proved nothing but you are still not ready to fight those bastards...You can always get ready with time.'

'Don't worry, I am leaving...' Felix smiled bitterly as he planned on teleporting back to the Mire Marauders, finally having enough of this fight.

He might have planned at the start to defeat Lord Heatiaz, but it turned into just hitting him...Now that he realized that even that was out of the question, what's the point of trying anymore?𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Unfortunately for Felix...He played too much with his fate and it was time to pay the price.

"You think it's easy to leave after getting this close to me?" Lord Heatiaz uttered with a diabolical smile as he suddenly released his consciousness prowess to the limit!!

It was a thick red aura that was visible to even the bystanders at the surface.

Before Felix could react, the aura surrounded his imprisoned body and expanded to many kilometers until even the Sorchlanders and Mire Marauders felt an intense pressure pressing on their skin!

As for Felix? No matter how hard he tried to use his teleportation spell, it kept getting interrupted due to the spiritual pressure aura!

Felix stopped his useless attempts and took a deep breath to calm his rising agitation, knowing that it wasn't the time to lose his cool.

"You are really going to break your word?" He said as he looked directly into Lord Heatiaz's eyes.

"Break my word on you? Tsk, you aren't worthy." Lord Heatiaz sneered, "I am merely exerting my consciousness prowess in Elder Strauvis' territory."

Because Felix was currently in a different dimension, this deadly spiritual pressure was useless against him but at the same time, it made it impossible for any spatial spell to manifest in the original dimension!

In a sense, Lord Heatiaz really wasn't using it on him, which meant he did not break his word and it was Felix's fault for taking such a stupid risk to use spatial imprisonment on himself!

"So, now what, are you going wait for me until I exhaust my spatial energy?" 

"Yes." Lord Heatiaz smiled, "Then, you will be mine."

Felix knew that if his spatial energy got exhausted, he would have no way of escaping Lord Heatiaz even if he retracted his consciousness prowess!

'What have I done...'

'A mistake to be learned from.' Lady Sphinx anwsered calmly as she closed her book and placed it gently on the table next to her.

Before the tenants or Felix could react to her statement, they were left stunned by the sight of her appearing suddenly right next to Felix in the real world!

"Thank you, Lord Strauvis." She nodded her head politely at the sky and turned to look at Lord Heatiaz whose expression changed a little for the worst at her sudden appearance.

"Sir Heatiaz, please return to your village while I am still asking nicely."

Lady Sphinx requested with a soothing tone while still exerting her schooler demeanor like she came here while she was in the middle of an experiment.

With the size difference between her and Lord Heatiaz, anyone would find it hard to take her words seriously...But not Lord Heatiaz.

Still, he wasn't easily scared as he narrowed his eyes deeply at Lady Sphinx and asked, "What if I refuse?"

"I was hoping you wouldn't say that." Lady Sphinx sighed a disappointed mother at her child's answer.