Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"I am not scared of you." Lord Heatiaz said coldly, "This is my world and you came here with a mere copy...So, I will be polite enough to give you a chance to leave."

"You're right, I did come here as a clone." Lady Sphinx said calmly as she pointed her slender golden finger, "But, it's enough to handle the likes of you."

'Most of you haven't seen Lady Sphinx fighting before, right?' Thor inquired as he looked at the tenants.

Besides Jörmungandr, everyone nodded their heads.

'You're in for a treat then.' Thor smirked as he watched Lady Sphinx's nail break into a small golden needle.

'Felix, you think that you don't have what it takes to deal with beings at primogenitors level? You are wrong, you already have the tools, you just can't use them to their maximum potential. Let me show you a small taste of what my ultimate ability is capable of offensively.'

Before Felix could react to her speech, Lady Sphinx flicked the small golden needle casually in direction of Lord Heatiaz's massive burning body.

The difference in size made her attack seem like an absolute joke as Lord Heatiaz wasn't even able to see or sense the needle's location...Because of its non-threatening size, his instincts simply ignored it, making him unable to know whether he was hit by it or not.

Lord Heatiaz frowned as he tried his absolute best to sense the needle but to no avail...When he didn't find it, he was certain that it was burnt off with his intense body heat.

Alas...The golden needle still existed but he would never be able to find it regardless of how much effort he put into it.

That's because it had been reduced in size to the point it had reached a cellular level!!

'Quantum Vision...' Felix murmured with a dazed expression while staring at Lady Sphinx's unique eyes as she had a gleaming red tringle inside her golden triangle pupil.

This was the activation mark of the second level of Truth Vision...Quantum Vision.

A level that Felix was too familiar with due to his utilization of it in his potion-making and general zooming for better sight.

Yet, right before his own eyes, Lady Sphinx was using this vision in an offensive manner!

"I have no idea what was that joke of an attack, but my patience has run out for you." Lord Heatiaz uttered as he created hundreds of condensed lava spheres around him, making Felix realize that he planned on bombing the entire area!

He had to get serious against Lady Sphinx.

"I offer my sincere apology for this." Lord Heatiaz said with an indifferent tone as he prepared to launch the lava spheres.

Instead of being fazed, Lady Sphinx merely closed her eyes and uttered with a static tone, "I am sorry for this too..."

The instant the last word left her mouth, Lord Heatiaz's eyes widened to the limit in shock after realizing that he was losing his senses on his body at a ground-breaking speed!

"Huuhh?"

Meanwhile, Felix and the tenants were presented with a different stupefying sight, making them unable to take their stunned eyes off Lord Heatiaz.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

No one could blame them for such a reaction as Lord Heatiaz's humongous body was being turned into a golden sand needle from bottom to top!!!!

"What have you done to me!!!" Lord Heatiaz screamed furiously, masking the absolute horror he was feeling inside!

He had lived for a very, very long time and had seen and experienced many unconventional things...But this? This took things into a whole different realm of unnaturalness!

'How?!'

'What kind of sorcery is this?' 

Even King Valthor and Supreme Strauvis were left startled by the image of their close companion having his body literally morphed into a golden sand needle against his will!

What truly left them appalled and baffled was the fact that Lord Heatiaz's body was barely emitting any magma or earth-elemental particles anymore.

Instead, sand particles were absolutely dominating, which was simply an illogical occurrence no matter how much they thought about it.

"You should stop resisting, it's futile." Lady Sphinx said indifferently, "Almost your entire cellular structure has been invaded and altered at an atomic level to sand crystals. Your body doesn't belong to you anymore."

The moment Lord Heatiaz heard this, he swiftly broke a piece of magma from his body, placing his consciousness within it to save himself.

He didn't know if Lady Sphinx was spewing nonsense or truly that's what had happened, but he understood that if he didn't do anything, his consciousness would die with his body!

"I already said it's futile." Lady Sphinx shook her head.

'It can't be!' Lord Heatiaz was left terrified after seeing even his separated piece of magma turning rapidly into crystalized hardened sand!

Knowing that his situation was beyond dire and he might actually get killed off, Lord Heatiaz used drastic measures to save his consciousness.

Whoosh!!

He manifested a sphere of wind and transferred his consciousness into it before escaping as fast as he could toward his territory!

He knew that his consciousness was too vulnerable in this form and he could get killed off easily.

Fortunately for him, Lady Sphinx wasn't too interested in slaying him since she would be killing off the entire Scorchlanders population.

Even though Lord Heatiaz's death would help Felix a lot, she refused to kill him as she came here  for exploration and research, not to slaughter wantonly...Nothing would change that.

"You can come out now."

Lady Sphinx said to Felix as she reduced the size of the billion-ton golden sand needle to its original size.

Then, made it turn back into her fingernail, making it seem like everything that had just occurred was a mere dream.

"Master...How..." Felix's uttered as he stared at her fingernail absentmindedly while his heart was beating out of his chest.

"Where are your manners?" Lady Sphinx knitted her eyebrows in displeasure.

"I am sorry!" Felix broke out of his daze instantly and bowed his head deeply before thanking her for saving his ass.

"That's more like it. Now, talk with my other clone." Lady Sphinx smiled and patted him on the head like a loving mother...Then, she was teleported to her previous location by Elder Strauvis.

Before Felix took the conversation to his consciousness space, he teleported to the Mire Marauders' territory, not daring to spend another second in that cursed area.

"Felix!"

"Felix!"

Olivia and Selphie swiftly appeared next to him with looks of relief.

Before Felix could talk to them, Chief Drogath manifested near him and asked with a serious tone, "How is Lord Heatiaz's condition?"

"He is fine and returning to his territory." Felix anwsered.

"I see...I am glad that you are safe." Chief Drogath said with a hidden look of disappointment.

Felix knew that he was disappointed that his master didn't finish off Lord Heatiaz when she had the chance.

"Chief, I am a bit tired from the fight." Felix informed, "I will be returning to the village to recover. If it gets too tough in the frontlines, call me."

Without waiting for his reply, Felix took off and was chased after by Selphie and Olivia.

Chief Drogath didn't react much to his departure as he knew that the Scorchlanders' army was in shambles after they witnessed their god getting turned into a golden needle.

It was doubtful that Lord Heatiaz was going to take his time to pacify them when he had just been humiliated in front of everyone.

So, Chief Drogath ordered his army to take advantage of the situation to rebuild their blockade and buy time for the alliance's army, which was still gaining ground toward the Scorchlanders' territory at a rapid pace.

...

Inside a hut in the Mire Marauders' village, Felix could be seen sitting in a mediation position alone.

He sent the girls back to the frontlines after easing their worries about his health...As for Nimo? He was nowhere to be seen for the past days, most likely in the void realm.

Right now, Felix was inside his consciousness space talking with Lady Sphinx about her bizarre ability.

"Master, how? Just how was that even logically possible?" Felix asked with the most attentive expression, resembling a student cramming for his final exams.

His reaction was understandable as he had just witnessed Lord Heatiaz getting turned into Lady Sphinx's nail!

His consciousness might have escaped, but Felix knew that if this ability was used on non-Elementals, they would be doomed to die!

"This is an advanced ability of my creation." Lady Sphinx anwsered, "I call it The Phelesopher's Invasion."

"The Phelesopher's Invasion." Asna repeated with an astounded look.

"You are still referring to it as an advanced ability." Thor smiled wryly, "I am telling you, it should be categorized as an ultimate ability."

Unlike Felix and the other tenants, Thor and Jörmungandr had witnessed the true horror of this ability in the old Era when Lady Sphinx first ever used it on Manananggal during a one for all fight for an extraordinary treasure.

Lady Sphinx might be pacifist, but when it came to getting what she wanted? She would restore to violence just as any other primogenitor if other options didn't work.

In that situation, no one wanted to give up on that treasure regardless of her offer, which prompted her to use this ability on Manananggal, turning him into crystalized sand, and killing him in front of the attending primogenitors!

Luckily for him, he was using one of his clones, allowing him to be revived...But, the treasure went home with Lady Sphinx as other primogenitors didn't dare fight her without understanding what she had just used on him.

"It's not on the same level as my Truth Vision, so it's an advanced ability." Lady Sphinx said calmly.

"This again?"

Thor didn't know how to feel when Lady Sphinx wasn't interested in fights, yet she was still able to create such powerful battle abilities on a level that surpasses his own!

But, he didn't let it get to him as he knew that creating such abilities required having godly intelligence and he wasn't even close to one of the most knowledgeable creatures in the universe.

They both might be primogenitors and receive the same gifts, but it didn't mean that they would be the same.

Each primogenitor had his own experiences over the billions of years that helped shape him differently than the others.

"As for how it works." Lady Sphinx glanced at Felix and anwsered casually, "It's simple, you just need a transmutation ability to turn a part of your body into sand particles. Create a hard object with them and reduce it in size while utilizing your quantum vision to keep your focus on it when it reached the size of atoms. Just like the dark reaction in a potion concoction, give it as much fuel as possible to increase its quantity and then use them to break down the molecules. This would be enough to erase your target as you are killing him below a cellular level."

"But if you want to fool around with it, you can leave your own atoms behind to bond up, which would change the entire structure to whatever you desire as long as the base was from your DNA."

"That's why I used my own fingernail as I can manipulate them on an atomic level through my quantum vision."

"Oh, of course, you have to do all of this at a reasonable time, Otherwise, you will end up dead before you can do any damage."

"..."

"..."

"Simple, simple she said..." Felix uttered with a speechless look that was shared by most of the tenants.