Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Felix planned on asking her before why she hadn't told him about this method of using Quantum vision...But after hearing her explanation of the ability, he knew that he was way too far from learning it.

The fact that Philosopher's Invasion had transmutation ability as one of the requirements was enough to cool Felix's excitement instantly.

That's because he had spent more than five hundred years in the Cold Lone Island attempting to master water transmutation, yet he barely mastered turning one arm into water in a reasonable time.

It was that difficult!

"Even if you mastered transmutation, you still need enough mental energy to use Quantum vision offensively and also a fast reaction speed to finish the entire attack in less than 0.01 second." Lady Sphinx said calmly, "You aren't even close to any of those requirements. But, it doesn't mean that you won't reach them in the future. When you do, I guarantee that you will be able to kill any primogenitor you wanted as long as you catch them off guard with it."

That's a massive and somewhat arrogant statement...But not a single one doubted it as they all had serious expressions.

They knew that if this ability was used on them and they had no clue about it, there wasn't really much to be done to defend themselves.

After all, even if they were primogenitors, the realm of atoms was uncharted territory for the majority of them.

On the other hand, if they knew about it...It would be almost impossible to harm them with it since they would always be on guard against it.

"Keep working hard on your potion making as it is the only thing that can help you improve your experience on an atomic world." Lady Sphinx shared, "When I see that you are ready to learn it, I will teach you."

"I will do my best." Felix nodded with a solemn look.

The crack in his confidence was restored at the notion that he was sitting on such an overpowering ability that would allow him to at least end one of the Darkin faction members.

Felix planned on doing whatever it took to master it, even if it meant wasting materials to continue practicing his potion-making in this world!

"By the way, have you seen that little brat anywhere?" Asna asked with an irritated tone for Nimo.

She usually didn't mind Nimo disappearing for days as he always return without causing trouble.

But, his current disappearance was really at the worst timing possible as he could have saved Felix easily by dragging him into the void realm, not needing to make Lady Sphinx come all the way.

"Who knows?" Felix shrugged his shoulder, not too bothered by the situation.

He might be raising Nimo but it didn't mean that he was planning to use him as a tool for his fights and such...He was giving Nimo his freedom to do as he pleased if he avoided creating trouble for him.

Unbeknownst to them, Nimo was on his way to cause trouble...Just not for him.

...

"That b*tch! What kind of wicked ability she used on me!"

Back at the Scorchlander's throne chamber, Lord Heatiaz had yet to finish venting his burning fury after receiving such a humiliating defeat.

The worst part was that he was confident in his strength to deal with Lady Sphinx if it came to a battle of elements...Especially, when she was a mere clone, meaning that her physical strength was at its weakest point.

He wasn't being too cocky as he needed to have what it took to fight with most primogenitors on equal terms or even defeat them as long as the fight was carried on his territory.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"This isn't over! That brat is bound to step into my territory sooner or la...Huh?"

Before Lord Heatiaz could finish his sentence, the entire environment around him changed into absolute chilling darkness without any warning!

It was like the day was turned into night with a finger snap.

'My body...This is...Void Realm.'

Lord Heatiaz remarked in his mind with a hint of fear in his eyes as he could feel his entire body getting disintegrated each second.

His reaction was understandable as he had been kidnapped to the Void Realm without an ounce of resistance, which would freak out even primogenitors!

Suddenly, two bright long crimson eyes opened in front of Lord Heatiaz, making him get into a guard position immediately.

'Who are you? Why have you brought me here?' Lord Heatiaz asked telepathically while trying his best to keep his calm.

'Why ask, when you already know the answer?' The entity replied with a diabolical crackle that sent shivers coursing down Lord Heatiaz's soul.

'Impossible...You can't be him!'

Lord Heatiaz might not have never left the Elementals Galaxy, but it didn't mean that he had no idea about most of the high-end classified information about the universe...In fact, he might even know more due to Foremother Siaseme.

Knowing the Void Realm and its master was basic information for Elementals at his rank.

'You're right, I am not him...I am the improved version.'

The crimson eyes stretched widely into the darkness of the background, seemingly trying to smile, but ending up only creating a nightmarish image in the eyes of Lord Heatiaz.

Lord Heatiaz trusted his words instantly as he knew that even Lord Khaos wouldn't be able to pull him into the Void Realm in this freaky manner!

This was the realm of laws, the realm of gods, and to be specific, the realm of Unigins!

'Why did you bring me here? I have never wronged you.'

'You attempted to take what belongs to me.' The entity spoke with an eerie devilish tone, 'That's an unforgivable crime punishable by death!'

'Huh?! What are you talking about?!'

Lord Heatiaz couldn't help but scream in fear at his answer after realizing that the void energy around him had gotten a hundred times more intense, resulting in his body's disintegration at a much more rapid pace!

It was so potent, he couldn't even create more magma to protect him as the magma particles were getting disintegrated the moment they leave his body!

Before he could get too freaked out at the notion of getting killed like this, the void energy potency was reduced back to normal.

When he focused on the entity, Lord Heatiaz was left confused at the sight of one of the eyes turning green in color.

'What are you doing? I thought you wanted this?' The entity spoke with an irritated tone, not caring that Lord Heatiaz was hearing him.

Eee Eee!

'Huh?' Lord Heatiaz's confusion doubled after hearing a cute angry squealing coming out of the entity.

'You don't want him dead to not make trouble for that mortal?' The entity seemed like he was gritting his teeth in anger, 'What has he done to me!'

Eee Eee!!

'Shut up! I am the real one! You are just a clinging leech, refusing to leave!' 

Eee Eee!!

'Daring to threaten me to take back control? He matters that much to you more than fulfilling your own duties. You really have lost your mind.'

Eee Ee..Eee..Eeeee!!!

'FINE! JUST SHUT UP ALREADY!! YOUR SQUALING IS EAR-PIERCING!'

'...'

Lord Heatiaz merely floated still through the whole conversation with the most baffled expression he could muster.

He believed at first that this entity might be the Paragon of Sins. But now? He really wasn't so sure.

'You're in luck, you will live.' The entity spoke coldly.

'Thank you!!'

Just this news alone was enough to delight Lord Heatiaz and completely ignore that bizarre conversation.

As an Elemental on a chief level, he knew that his death was more severe than the rest of the Elementals...Especially now than ever, since the alliance's troops were on their way to his territory, which meant if he died, they wouldn't hesitate to split his territory amongst themselves and completely erase any chance of him being revived any time soon!

Who knows? King Valthor might never revive him to avoid having conflicts arising in his body again. So, Lord Heatiaz really couldn't afford to die.

Unfortunately for him...He wasn't in the clear yet as the entity was too pissed off due to Nimo's interference.

'Some of your emotions are too delicious to pass on.' The red-eyed entity uttered with an eerie tone as three tongues emerged out of nowhere and started moving creepily toward Lord Heatiaz.

One was red and had the wrath symbol written all over it while the other was purple and had a pride symbol on its surface. The last one was green and had the greed symbol on it.

'Stop! Go away!!!'

Lord Heatiaz attempted to escape from the tongues, but he realized that his motion was crippled with an invisible aura!

He knew immediately that it was the entity's spiritual pressure!

Because he was on a different dimension, his consciousness prowess was weakened significantly, making him unable to contest it!

So, he resorted to begging even though he had no clue what those tongues were about to do to him. Honestly, if he knew, he would have chosen death...

'Bon appetite.' The red-eyed entity smiled widely as the three tongues penetrated Lord Heatiaz's body and started devouring those three emotions without him being able to resist them in the slightest.

'No!! No!! Stop!! Please!! Why are you doing this to me!!'

The process wasn't painful, but Lord Heatiaz was screaming at the top of his lung for the entity to forgive him.

His reaction was understandable as he was beginning to feel his pride dying off and his constant fury being cooled off...Even his greed was being erased.

He knew that this was much worse than death as if he lost those three emotions, he wouldn't be able to get them back ever again even if he died and got revived!

They would forever belong to the Paragon of Sins and he could do nothing about it...