Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

No matter how much Lord Heatiaz pleaded, the red-eyed entity continued devouring those three emotions until they were utterly uprooted from him.

The red-eyed entity recalled his tongues and said satisfactorily, 'What a delicious meal.'

'You monster...' Lord Heatiaz cursed with a faint whimper like he wanted to get mad at the red-eyed entity, but he just couldn't muster any rage.

'Tell anyone about what happened here and you will see the true monster.' The red-eyed entity threatened one last time before returning Lord Heatiaz to his throne chamber.

Eee Eee!

'Is this all I get for helping you? Rushing me to give back control?' The red-eyed entity spoke with an irked tone after hearing Nimo's voice.

Eee Eee..Ee..Ee!

'Fine, I have to digest these three laws anyway.' The red-eyed entity crackled, 'Kekeke, with more laws absorbed, you will continue to lose control over me. So, just enjoy your pet life as much as you can. It won't last forever...'

Eee Eee!

Nimo squeaked angrily at his statement, but the red-eyed entity had already gone into slumber to absorb Lord Heatiaz's three emotions.

Nimo transformed his body back into a raccoon, but his usual cute excited eyes seemed to be hiding a deep amount of distress and worry.

A moment later, Nimo controlled his emotions and blinked instantly next to Felix, scaring him out of his consciousness space.

"You little troublemaker. Where have you been?" Felix smiled lovingly as he rubbed Nimo's belly, causing him to keep squeaking in enjoyment.

"You are spoiling him too much! He needs discipline!" Asna scolded Felix as she was still displeased with Nimo's disappearance in key moments.

If only she knew what Nimo had just done for Felix, she wouldn't act like this...Nimo seemed to have absolutely no intentions of telling anyone about the red-eyed entity.

...

Sometime later, Chief Xandor contacted Felix to inform him that the alliance's armies had finally reached the Scorchlanders' territory.

Felix reached out to Bodidi to open a portal for him as he didn't know their location to teleport by himself.

In a few moments, Felix emerged from the portal and joined the alliance's chiefs in the sky above the raging multi-elemental armies.

"How are you doing?" Chief Xandor asked with good intentions.

The alliance's chiefs were interested in his answer too as they had been informed about Felix's fight by Chief Drogath.

"I have recovered just nicely." Felix nodded in appreciation before switching the subject, "How is it going here? Why aren't there many Scorchlanders to defend the frontlines?"

"We also found it somewhat peculiar as it wasn't like this ten minutes ago." Chief Xandor frowned.

"I see..." Felix rubbed his chin thoughtfully as he watched the alliance's armies freely pushing the territorial line at a record-breaking speed.

He knew that the Scorchlanders weren't going to stop them, but it would be possible to slow them down a bit if they gave it their all.

He was weirded out as he had heard that the Scorchlanders attacking the Mire Marauders had also stopped their aggression and were pulling their forces gradually.

'Did Lord Heatiaz just give up? It can't be, he should be livid right now and wanting to vent his anger at anything.'

As much as Felix thought about it, this just didn't make any sense.

"I guess this should be enough." Felix said, "Let's reach out to him for the deal."

The alliance's chiefs agreed as they knew that pushing past the Scorchlanders' territory might result in pissing off Lord Heatiaz even more, causing him to engage in battle with them.

A fight of this magnitude? No one was going to survive Lord Strauvis' wrath when they ruin the environment.

It turned out, they didn't need to contact him as Iavroim had already told him about their arrival.

"What do we do, father?" Iavroim asked with a look of agitation, knowing that things weren't looking so good for them.

"Go talk to them and agree to their conditions so they will leave us alone." Lord Heatiaz replied with a lazy expression as he leaned against his throne like he just woke up from a nap.

"Huh?" Iavroim was startled by his order.

She knew that her father was going to accept a truce or something like that to avoid escalation, but agreeing to any condition? That's just mad!

"Father...What happened to you." Iavroim said with a worried tone.

"Do I look like something is wrong with me?" Lord Heatiaz eyed her lazily and ordered, "Stop asking too many questions and just do as you were told."

Iavroim didn't know what was going on, but she still listened to Lord Heatiaz's commands as she knew that he hated repeating himself.

To avoid awakening his wrath, she went to handle the mission.

Unbeknownst to her, Lord Heatiaz had no more wrath to be awakened, greed to seek out a better deal from the alliance, or pride to continue this whole conquest plan.

With those three emotions stolen away, his ambition was gone as well, leaving him to appear like an empty slothish husk...

On the other side, Iavroim had appeared at the front line while having with her some reinforcement from the village.

"Where is Lord Heatiaz?" Chief Xandor frowned in displeasure, "We contacted him personally. Is he thinking this lowly of us to send you?"

The rest of the alliance's chiefs shared the same sentiment as him, which made Iavroim feel even more nervous about the situation developing to violence.

"My father knows that you seek a truce. He sent me here to negotiate the terms." Iavroim swiftly said, "Please state your terms and I will relay them to him."

"Who told him that we want a truce?" Chief Xandor sneered, "Do you think we will be satisfied with a temporary truce after reaching this far?"

"Ah...What do you w..."Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"We want peace of mind!" Chieftess Nola of the Nola River Tribe stated coldly, "We aren't going back down unless he gives us his word that he will return our lost territories as well as never attempt to trench on them again."

"This..." Iavroim's expression turned for the worst at their insane conditions.

Returning territories to all of the affected tribes here was already a giant request. Yet, they still desire to have a peace treaty for eternity?

It wasn't happening and she trusted that her father would know how to pressure them to accept the truce.

Unfortunately for Iavroim, the situation didn't develop as she envisioned in her mind as the moment she updated her father, he only said one thing with the same lazy tone, "Fine, I am also too tired of such rewardless conflicts."

Before Iavroim could even try to change her father's mind, he told her to stop contacting him as he would be taking a nap...

"Father..." Iavroim lifted her head to look at the alliance's chiefs with a stunned look, making them curious about Lord Heatiaz's counteroffer to make her act like this.

Yet, no matter how much they guessed, they could never reach the real conclusion.

"He...He agreed."

So, when they heard Iavroim's response, every one of them was left utterly stunned just like her.

"Is she joking?" Even Felix doubted this situation and refused to believe it.

He interacted with Lord Heatiaz a couple of times at best, Yet, he was certain that would never be his answer!

In fact, he made the proposal with the alliance for the sake of helping them get a good amount of time in the truce during the negotiation.

"Iavriom, this isn't a joking matter." Chief Xandor stared daggers at Iavroim before asking her, "Is that really what he said."

"Chiefs! I would never joke about such things." Iavroim was on the verge of sobbing, "He really agreed to your proposal and said that he became too tired of such rewardless conflicts. Ask Supreme Elder or King Valthor, they will vouch for me."

Before Felix or the chiefs could do this, King Valthor confirmed it with a serious tone, "He said it and meant it."

"..."

"..."

"..."

With his confirmation, reality finally began to sit in the heart of Felix and the chiefs.

This left them dumbfounded as everything had just absolutely derailed from the plan and taken the biggest twist they never dreamed of happening!

"So, that's it? The conflict that lasted for thousands of years is now over? Are you kidding me?" Felix said speechlessly.