Days went by and then months after the day the conflict had ended...

As Felix had guessed, his reputation had skyrocketed through the entire continent after the news reached everyone's ears.

He was praised and glorified even when he stated that he had nothing to do with Lord Heatiaz's sudden switch of heart.

The Elementals didn't care about his response as all of them knew that this result wouldn't have happened without his existence.

So, Felix gave up on the matter and just accepted his favorable situation.

After the party was concluded, Felix ignored everything and jumped straight into training his poison manipulation...Because of the peace being restored, Chief Drogath had given Felix his full support in whatever he asked from him.

As for the girls and Bodidi? They returned to the Northern Forest to restart their training as well.

Meanwhile, Lady Sphinx had returned to Felix's side and tried her best to study Nimo's condition.

When she found nothing peculiar as he still acted like the lovable idiot, she sought help from the primogenitors in private, leaving Asna, Felix, and Candace out of the loop.

She knew that it would mess up Felix's focus big time if he was told that Nimo might have been awakened and he was an uncertain danger.

So, unless she was certain about her conclusion, she had no intentions of breaking this situation to them.

'It's been months and Nimo hasn't shown any change.' Thor questioned, 'I am starting to wonder if your assessment was faulty.'

'I never said that I was 100% certain.' Lady Sphinx anwsered, 'The only way to be sure is to catch him slipping.'

'So, how long will you be doing this?' Elder Kraken said, 'The little thing spends most of his time in the void realm.'

'It's better for me that he spends more time in the void realm as it was the only place where he can feel safe enough to let his true self out.' Lady Sphinx said calmly, 'I have void vision to catch him in the act.'Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

'That's good and all, but it would have been better if it was useful to put a wisp inside his consciousness space.' Jörmungandr said.

He knew that it was possible to put a wisp inside Nimo's consciousness space just like the rest of the Void creatures inside of it right now, but it wasn't that useful in this situation.

It was locked, making it impossible to see through Nimo's eyes like what they were doing with Felix.

All of them understood that it would be impossible to convince Nimo to unlock it as he wouldn't be intelligent enough to pull it off or able to do so and act dumb about it to keep his facade.

It was best to not risk their investigation by alarming Nimo.

'We can only keep an eye on him and wait until he exposes himself.' Lady Sphinx said, 'This is the safest choice.'

No one argued with her as they knew that this was a serious matter that might either affect Felix positively or negatively depending on how it was played out.

...

While they were discussing this, Felix was in his own little world, having an empty free mind to allow his senses to reach much further poison particles.

He had just undergone having his poison talent enhanced through absorbing condensed purified poison energy.

With Chief Drogath giving it his all, the results were even more extraordinary than the enhancement through Chieftess Moana.

'Increasing my poison range is important, but upgrading my True Poison is a priority.' Felix thought to himself as he exited the zone and opened his eyes to the sight of the foggy poisonous green swamp.

Felix knew that his poison element had much more to offer as its potential was so high, he could actually kill primogenitors with the right attack!

During Thor and Jörmungandr's epic death match, Thor was slain after he was hit with an advanced ability called *Nine Steps of Damnation.*

This was one of Jörmungandr's strongest offensive abilities as it was an incredibly complex ability plus it was created out of the purest form of poison...True Poison!

Make no mistake, the true poison that Felix kept using was merely a downgraded version of the real deal. It was extremely powerful as it enabled him to kill off anyone that interacted with it, but it was nowhere near the real deal.

True Poison that Jörmungandr used in his battles was powerful to the point it was able to poison the body, the mind, and the soul!!

Felix was merely at the first level!

'To master the real Nine Steps of Damnation, I need to upgrade my True Poison to the last level.'

Felix was already educated a great deal about True Poison and all the abilities he could create of it.

He chose to make Nine Steps of Damnation his goal since it was one of the few poisonous abilities capable of killing off primogenitors.

As his master explained, Nine Steps of Damnation was separated into three levels. When it hit the enemy, his body would be assaulted by the most wicked combination of inducements that were capable of erasing any physical substance!

This alone was enough to obliterate 99.99999% of people without poison immunity!

Still, after taking three steps and the opponent was still breathing, his mind would be targeted next.

For the next three steps, his mind would be attacked by the most hideous concoction of mind-affecting inducements!

Because the body would already be ruined from the first three steps, there was almost absolutely no doubt of him surviving this level.

But...There were always special beings in this universe and the primogenitors were part of this group.

This meant, they were one of the few proud ones capable of reaching the final three steps.

At this level, even primogenitors had to make an early appointment with death as their souls would be the next target.

In this universe, anyone with the ability to affect the soul negatively was to be feared...Jörmungandr was respected and feared by his peers because he wasn't just able to affect the soul negatively, but completely poison it permanently!!!

This meant even if the target had survived the last ninth step, he would be destined to live a life of damnation as Jörmungandr would literally own his soul!!

There was nothing to do about it as one's soul meant one's life.

Whether it was a primogenitor or a commoner, the moment their soul was poisoned by True Poison, their lives could be ended with a mere snap of a finger!

This was the real terror of poison at its peak potential and even though it was Felix's first element, he had yet to tap into it.

Oh, as for Thor's death at his ninth step? It was an automatic execution carried on the moment he cracked Jörmungandr's skull with Mjolnir.

This meant that even when the user of Nine Steps of Damnation was killed off, the enemy would merely hasten his death instead of freeing himself.

In other words, there was absolutely no counter to this ability!

For the next five hundred years, Felix's goal was to reach the third level of True Poison and hopefully learn the Nine Steps of Damnation!