One Thousand Years Later...

Felix could be seen sitting at the highest point on a dune, seemingly admiring the crimson sunset in utter silence.

He wasn't wearing a shirt, exposing his fair-skinned chiseled chest that didn't seem to have gotten even a bit tanner after he spent almost five hundred years in the desert.

"I have mastered all the known omnipotent sand spells and lesser spatial spells. Plus, a greater spatial spell." Felix murmured, "I guess my journey here has come to an end."

Felix spent the first five hundred years in the Mire Marauders focusing completely on his poison manipulation as he planned.

During it, he mastered many new poison abilities, increased his manipulation range to match his water manipulation range, enhanced his physical strength by adding another Dragon Mark, and most importantly, he mastered the third level of True Poison!

It was a very productive training period as his poison element could be considered to have reached the same level as his other elements with the addition of a couple of abilities that utilized the third level of True Poison!

As for Nine Steps of Damnation? Felix learned only half of it and was still struggling with the other half as it was an incredibly complex ability.

Knowing that it would take him much more time to master, Felix decided to embark on a journey toward The Desert Wind Clan to focus on his sand spells and spatial spells.

After spending another five hundred years, he had concluded his training as there were no more sand or spatial spells to master.

Obviously, there were still many greater space spells, but Felix didn't want to spend decades grinding for another one when he still needed to work on his gemstone and thunder manipulations.

One thousand years was a long period of time, but because he was in the Elementals Galaxy, there weren't really any exciting things going to make the time go slower.

The moment Lord Heatiaz's conquest was ended, nothing out of interest had occurred in the continent and most Elementals were pretty content with their mundane peaceful lives.

Even the Scorchlanders managed to integrate back into the continent as one of the peaceful tribes, allowing them to commence trades and even hang out with Elementals from the bordering tribes like the conflict had never happened.

This sort of peace had helped Selphie, Bodidi, and Olivia too with their advancements.

"Finally, you are going to change the scenery. I can't bear to look at a sand dune for another second." Asna complained with an annoyed tone.

"I feel the same." Felix chuckled.

However, just as Felix wanted to teleport back to the Wind Clan Village, Fenrir suddenly informed everyone with a serious tone, "Noah has made up his mind to break through the next morning."

This news caught everyone by surprise as it came without a single warning!

"Is he for real?" Felix asked with a solemn look, knowing that this was a massive step to take and there would be no return after taking it!

The moment you attempt to break through Origin Realm, you either succeed or die...There was no in-between!

"I already confirmed it with him and he has made up his mind on tomorrow." Fenrir anwsered.

"What about you? Do you think he is ready?" Lady Sphinx asked.

"All I know is that he has worked incredibly hard to prepare himself. Whether he is ready or not, that's up to him."

Upon hearing this, no one asked any more questions and decided to travel to The North Pole to attend this historical event.

All of them knew that whether Noah succeeded or failed, he would be the first human to attempt to break through the Origin Realm while using a primogenitor's bloodline!

...

With one request from Elder Strauvis, Felix and his party were teleported to the exact location of Noah.

"So damn cold!!" DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Bodidi yelped in pain the moment he opened his eyes to the sight of a hazardous blizzard with a wind speed of five hundred kilometers per hour.

They were standing near the highest peak of the north pole, which was also the coldest point on the entire planet.

This environment was simply inhabitable and if it wasn't for Noah's immunity to coldness, he wouldn't have spent a single year here.

"Heat Flowers." Selphie used a fire spell to create a couple of floating fire flowers around them to increase their warmth.

Then, they walked towards the highest point of the mountain, allowing them to see with great difficulty a snowman sitting in a meditation position.

When Fenrir saw Felix and his party, he intercepted them midway and warned, "Noah is in the zone right now, preparing for tomorrow."

"We understand." Felix nodded with a stern look.

Lady Sphinx waved her hand and created a humble-sized sand house with furniture and even a door. She invited everyone inside and closed it shut, relieving them from the cold almost instantly.

Eee Eee!

Nimo jumped outside of a void rift and joined them by sitting on Felix's shoulder. Lady Sphinx glanced at him getting patted by Felix without a change of expression.

An entire millennium went by and Lady Sphinx still hadn't given up on Nimo's awakening theory even when her peers caved in a long while ago.

Who could blame them?

Nimo acted the same as always every single day while he was being watched by their piercing eyes. Yet, nothing out of the ordinary occurred, making them quit one by one until only Lady Sphinx remained.

They tried at the start to convince her to let it go...Unfortunately, when Lady Sphinx got obsessed with something, she never stopped until she saw it through.

Without this attitude, she wouldn't be collecting the Maniacal Monoliths.

"Since we will be waiting for first light, mind telling us how he prepared for this moment?" Lady Sphinx asked, not giving Nimo any more attention for now.

"Life or death situations...Many life or death situations." Fenrir anwsered, "All I can say is that he was near death's door more than you can number."

If Fenrir stated that they were life or death situations, it only meant that he left Noah to his own devices during his exploration!

The North Pole wasn't a safe region in the slightest as it was packed with strong creatures just like the Third Ocean.

The Dawn Behemoths had taught Felix a strong lesson that this planet's creatures weren't to be underestimated one bit.

"It must have been tough." Olivia murmured.

"It was tough but necessary to build his Will against death." Felix replied, "Only those who no longer fear death and are willing to come face to face with it have a shot of breaking through the Origin Realm."

Olivia bit her lips in silence as she knew that the time she spent here was nowhere as dangerous as Noah's.

In other words, she could forget about her breakthrough unless she planned on using the cheat method by relying on Lady Yggdrasil's help.

"I know that he worked extremely hard to do a natural breakthrough, but I really feel like it's going to be too hard for him." Selphie interjected with a worried tone, "He is using a method that is created to devour a beastial bloodline with his 1% human bloodline that was powered by other beastial bloodlines...Is it really going to work?"

Everyone already knew about this and couldn't help but knit their eyebrow tightly...They understood that the circumstances were entirely different, which meant that even with Noa's insane preparation, they may not be enough.

This would be fine if Noah allowed Fenrir to help him during the breakthrough, but he told him that he would rather die in the process than end up breaking through because Fenrir suppressed his bloodline.

"We will find out tomorrow." Fenrir said one last time before exiting the house.