Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Next Morning...

Everyone could be seen standing around Noah without crowding him...Noah was the same after this long period of time when it came to his appearance and attitude.

However, those with good eyes were able to pick up a dangerous glint in his icy-cold eyes.

A glint that spoke volumes above his experiences and the harsh life he had to go through to reach this point in time.

Without saying a single word of greeting or anything to Felix's party, Noah closed his eyes shut and began attempting to break through the Origin Realm.

'He is starting.' Felix commentated after noticing that Noah's body heat was on the rise.

This was the first indication that a bloodliner had committed to breaking through since it marked the moment when the bloodliner had finally decided to rebel against the foreign bloodline and flush it out of his system!

Since Fenrir's bloodline was capable of fighting for itself, it would never remain passive while it was being forced to leave the host.

Argh...

Noah let out a painful grunt from his throat after Fenrir's bloodline rebelled against him and started attacking every single thing related to his human bloodline!

This caused Noah's body to start falling apart in real time, causing the girls to cover their mouths at the sight of his skin melting while releasing hot steam!

'I don't think he is winning.' Asna noted.

'He isn't even fighting.' Lady Sphinx frowned at Noah's rapid health deterioration.

She had studied many breakthroughs of other bloodliners, making her establish repetitive key points that separated the ones that succeeded and those that failed.

The ones that succeeded only went through this painful stage after the twenty-four to forty-eight hours due to their human bloodline being able to fight back and even gain control over their beastial bloodline at a gradual pace.

The ones that failed? Well, Noah's situation was the perfect demonstration as it was showing that his human bloodline was absolutely worthless before Fenrir's bloodline!

'It doesn't matter how much he worked on his Will through life or death experiences. That is merely the tool to help him win the fight between the bloodlines.' Lady Sphinx explained with a heavy tone, 'In this case, there isn't even a proper fight in the first place.'

In other words, Noah had brought with him the gloves to the ring but had no fighter to wear them...

'Sh*t, he is going to die this way!'

Felix's face turned for the worst, knowing that Noah literally had minutes or even less before his body turned into a nasty disgusting goo, representing destruction on a cellular level!

'He either uses the cheat method to carry on the breakthrough or he dies.' Thor stated with a serious look.

'Fenrir, you have to help him out.' Jörmungandr stressed, 'This is not a question of whether he can do it or not anymore.'

Everyone knew that he was right.

If Noah had the slightest chance of pulling this off on his own, none of them would have said anything...But, this wasn't what was happening before them.

To make matters worse, time clearly wasn't in their favor as Noah was falling apart way too fast.

'Selphie, slow down the time for him.' Lady Sphinx said after seeing that Fenrir hadn't replied to them.

"Alright."

Selphie did as she was told, casting a time-slowing sphere around Noah, causing everything inside to move at 50/1 time different.

This drastically slowed Noah's body self-destruction, allowing Fenrir to think carefully about his next decision.

Clearly, he was conflicted as his interference meant that Noah had literally gone through hell in the past years for absolutely no reason.

'There has to be another way.' Fenrir turned to Lady Sphinx and requested for her help with his eyes.

Without saying anything, Lady Sphinx paused all of her clones' experiments throughout the entire universe and gave them one task...Finding a different solution for Noah's breakthrough.

With this much brain power on one problem, Lady Sphinx managed to get many new ideas, each with a different amount of success chance.

In the end, she chose one idea that seemed to be the best of them all.

'If he wants to win this alone, there is absolutely no way of it happening with his weak human bloodline. However...' Lady Sphinx looked at Fenrir and stated, 'Instead of completely shutting down your bloodline, you can help him by controlling the amount of bloodline he would be fighting at each time.'

'Leveling the fighting ground again...That's smart.' Felix expressed with an elated tone.

He understood that Noah's problem was that he wasn't being given a chance to fight. With this method, he would be able to defend his bloodline and even try to devour Fenrir's bloodline!

'It would be slow as hell and a long battle of attrition, which would most definitely put a massive toll on Noah, but this is the only way he has left.' Lady Sphinx stressed.

Fenrir thought about it for a moment as he eyed Noah and knew that it was the only way forward.

So, without delay, he told Noah about it while controlling his raging bloodline to make the fight even.

In a sense, instead of Noah having to deal with the entire 99% at once, he would be handling 1% or 2% at each time and in a gradual process.

The moment Fenrir finished, he nodded at Selphie.

"Release."

Selphie canceled her time-slowing sphere, causing Noah's body to return to its self-destruction process.

Argh!!!!!

But, everyone noticed a drastic difference as Noah was now capable of reacting to the destruction, making it slow down to the limit!

"It's working." Lady Sphinx said, "Now, it all depends on him."

No more help was offered as everyone kept watching Noah go through the most hellish experience in his life.

Replacement process and integration had nothing against Origin Realm breakthrough since the body wasn't just changing at a cellular level, but the host also needed to fight for the sake of this change happening!

It was like someone working in favor of having his ass kicked!

This was where one's Will to live played a massive role as not everyone was capable of going through that process...The fact that it lasted usually from two to three days made it even more dreadful.

But in the case of Noah?

Four days went by and he had just managed to devour 30% of Fenrir's bloodline and turn it into his own.

Just like a cornered rat, the more he devoured Fenrir's bloodlines, the more ferocious and destructive it became!

'This is just too brutal.' Felix stated with a stern tone as he eyed the blood-covered and barely breathing Noah.

His slowly shattering soul could be seen in his dim pupils...𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Everyone knew that Noah still had 70% more or so, which translated to at least six days more of this continuous torture.

Just this thought alone was enough to make anyone give up mid-way in despair...But not Noah.

'Grace...Grace...' He kept repeating in his mind like a broken record as he envisioned his little sister's smile before his dim eyes...

As her big brother, Noah knew that he had failed in protecting and giving her the best life she deserved to make it up for the nightmarish childhood they lived. 

He failed once and he had no intention of failing again even if it meant having his nervous system fried from the pain first before he dies!

Hours went by and then days...Signs of tiredness began appearing on Bodidi, Selphie, and Olivia as they were awake for more than ten days straight!

Yet, not a single one of them dared to complain. How could they complain when Noah was in front of them, still hanging on to a thin line for his dear life?

They couldn't really see him as he was hidden under a giant pile of snow, but they could still feel his existence.

'Keep it up, you are at the last 1%.' Fenrir encouraged.

'Grace...Grace...Grace...'

Noah's mind was way too deep in the zone to hear anything he said. Even if he heard him, he probably would have ignored it as the only thing on his mind was his sister's name on repeat.

It was actually the only thing that was keeping him hanging on to his life as each time he said her name, his motivation was restored like he used a magic spell.

By now, he had said her name more than a million times...

RUMBLE!!! RUMBLE!!!

Abruptly, a thunderclap boomed in everyone's ears, causing the girls and Bodidi to almost yelp out loud in fright.

The three of them lifted their heads to look at the cloudy sky in confusion as it didn't have a single lighting flash in it.

As for Felix and the rest, they didn't look above them but at Noah, who was still buried in the snow.

"He did it...The madman actually did it..."

Felix murmured with a dazed look, knowing that the thunderclap was nothing but a celebration of Noah's historical achievement by the universe itself!

Fenrir swiftly removed the piling snow with a single wave of a hand, causing Noah to be exposed to everyone.

When they saw his new appearance, every one of them was left utterly stunned...

"Noah?" 