Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Even Fenrir and Lady Sphinx were left astounded by Noah's appearance.

His white fur appeared to sparkle in the dim moonlight, almost as if it were infused with some sort of supernatural energy.

His body was massive, with broad shoulders and muscular muscles vibrating beneath his fur. His two silver orb-like eyes might be dim and unfocused, but they were emitting an intense fierceness.

Despite his vicious aspect, there was a certain beauty to the way Noah sat still under the dim moonlight and neverending snowstorm.

Such aura was identical to Fenrir who was standing next to him...It was quite weaker but any random person would have great difficulty separating both of them unless he took a close look at their faces!

Unbeknownst to what happened to him, Noah finally gave in to the exhaustion after the pain disappeared.

Thud!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He fell face first on the snow and murmured his sister's name one last time before losing consciousness.

...

A couple of minutes later...

Felix's party could be seen inside Lady Sphinx's sand house while Noah slept on a custom-sized bed near them.

"I knew that Origin Realm bloodliners resemble the owner of the last bloodliner they devoured, but it shouldn't be by this much, right?" Olivia wondered.

"It must be because of the other bloodlines' genes not being at the same level as Fenrir's genes, causing them to get absolutely dominated in terms of mutations." Lady Sphinx disclosed.

Everyone nodded in agreement as this made the most sense. Other Origin bloodliners usually receive three or four mutations from their previous bloodlines while having the last one's mutations as the majority.

In this case, it was clear that Fenrir's genes were too overbearing for other mutations from beasts to dare appear in its presence...Especially, when Noah had used beasts with Fenerir's bloodline within them in the first place.

"Fenrir's genes might be dominating heavily, but he is still considered a human." Lady Sphinx stated, "Right now, he could be considered a new human variation with complete control over 100% of his bloodline."

"Other origin bloodliners receive all unlocked abilities permanently plus a massive all-rounded strength enhancement." Felix asked with a serious tone, "Noah must have received the same things. But since he used a primogenitor's bloodline, do you think he might have gotten Fenrir's gifts?"

This thought was always on Felix's mind ever since he heard about primogenitors. He understood that Origin Bloodliners receive only the best of the best from the last bloodline they devoured.

That's why Origin Bloodliners' spiritual pressure became much higher and their lifespan might even increase explosively if they devoured a bloodline from a species known for longevity.

The primogenitors' best gifts were obviously their inscriptions, high intelligence, consciousness prowess, insane physical strength, and immortality!!

Even when Felix used six primogenitors' bloodlines, he merely got their inscriptions and it was because they bestowed it to him.

Felix never bothered to think too much about this as he knew that the only way to find out the answer was through reaching the Origin realm.

Now that Noah had done that, it was finally time to uncover the truth!

...

Ten hours later...

Noah finally regained consciousness and sat next to his master, making them seem like twins.

Everyone looked at Noah with solemn expressions as they could feel an intense spiritual pressure hitting them once in a while.

If it wasn't for Fenrir and Lady Sphinx keeping Noah's spiritual pressure in order, he would have caused Felix and his party to lose consciousness instantly!!

'His spiritual pressure isn't as good as primogenitors, but it is near them.' Felix murmured with a look of wonder, 'He has jumped from a mere human to someone at the very top of the pyramid...This is just mindblowing.'

This sign made Felix hopeful about Noah getting the rest of Fenrir's gifts.

"How do you feel?" Lady Sphinx asked.

"Weird." Noah murmured as glanced at his snow-white furry paw.

"In which way?"

"Like my body doesn't belong to me..."

"That must be from the drastic changes in your body occurring at once." Lady Sphinx comforted him.

Noah nodded in understanding.

"Let's go to a better area for testing." Lady Sphinx said as she scanned him from top to bottom like he was a delicious candy, "I need to know everything about your breakthrough."

"..." Noah could only agree silently.

...

This time Bodidi used his portal to teleport them back to the Northern Forest's personal training ground.

The moment they exited the portal, Chief Cloveris and Chieftess Sunflower manifested in front of them.

"Welcome back." Chieftess Sunflower said with a gentle tone.

"I see the whole squad has grouped up. Must be something special." Chief Cloveris said as he eyed Noah, noticing that he had made a 180-degree change in almost everything.

"We will find out soon." Felix said as he beamed many testing machines around the training ground.

"Before he starts the tests, we need other results to compare to." Lady Sphinx eyed Fenrir, clearly asking him to do the tests first.

"Fine." Fenrir agreed and walked to the physical strength testing machine first.

"Make sure to go all out." Lady Sphinx said as she had a holographic notepad before her. She might have perfect memory, but she still preferred to write things down.

"Ummm." 

Fenrir tightened his fist as he stared at the red pad expressionlessly. Felix and the others watched with great attentiveness as this was the first time they were going to witness a primogenitor using his full physical strength in real life!

It was serious as it would give them a real measurement of their current level compared to at least Fenrir.

Unfortunately, the situation didn't develop as they had anticipated...

In a split second, Fenrir disappeared from his location and returned to it while having his fist stretched forward and emitting a chilling blue smoke.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Before anyone could react to this godly speed, their eyes were drawn to the testing machine that was turned into a dark dusty cloud...

It had gotten erased from the sheer destructiveness behind that punch as it wasn't even given a chance to calculate or get thrown away by the force!

"..."

Felix had no words to explain what he had just witnessed as he could only stare at Fenrir with widened eyes.

His reaction was understandable as he always believed that he was 300k BF or so away from the base physical strength of primogenitors.

After this sight? He completely erased that thought as he knew that the testing machine was able to calculate up to 900K BF without getting damaged!

For it to turn into dust only meant that Fenrir should be above 1.4 million BF!

"We need UVR to measure your physical strength accurately. But, it isn't really that important as I have gotten what I needed." Lady Sphinx wrote a number in her notepad.

"Do I need to carry on the rest of the tests?" Fenrir asked expressionlessly.

"No need, I don't want you to break any more machines." Lady Sphinx looked at Noah and said, "You're next."

Still a bit shaken from Fenrir's demonstration, Noah walked towards a newly beamed physical testing machine while glancing at his master.

'Is it possible that I have gotten that much stronger too?' Noah thought as he kept tightening his fist and opening it up, feeling slightly dreamy.

He already looked like him and even his consciousness prowess had gotten even better than Felix's...It wasn't farfetched to think that he might actually get closer in terms of physical strength to his master.

Too bad, reality hit him just as hard as his punch landed on the red pad.

BOOOOOOM!

The punching form was exquisite, and the noise was thunderous...Yet, the machine wasn't even moved.

Before Noah could feel disappointed in himself, the machine stopped calculating the force behind the punch.

When he read it, even his expressionless face couldn't help but crack from sheer disbelief.

570,487 BF!

"You gotta be sh*tting me..." Felix reacted the same as his eyes were affixed on the magnificent number that surpassed even his own!

Felix had barely reached half a million BF after spending his entire life going through the worst painful experiences.

Noah had come from behind and surpassed him with a single move, allowing him to jump from around 60K BF to more than half a million!

Still, Felix's initial shock didn't turn into spite but utter excitement at the notion that he would be getting the same or even higher enhancement during his breakthrough!!

"This is nuts!" Selphie exclaimed, "How can this even be allowed?"

"It's not allowed." Lady Sphinx said calmly, "That's why the universe reacted to his breakthrough."

In other words, this entire experience shouldn't be happening logically...If it was any other person, it was doubtful if they could push through the breakthrough like Noah.

After all, he had spent ten days of continuous torture while most bloodliners couldn't even handle a 5% integration percentage that last merely five minutes.

This was for the real extraordinary humans who were willing to do anything for the sake of strength.

Noah had finally gotten rewarded for his intense hard work.

If this was his reward, one could only wonder what Felix would be getting after all the experiences he had gone through!