Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

His words made plenty of sense, but they still fell on deaf ears as both Felix's and Noah's situations weren't like most people's.

In the case of Noah, his sister was literally his world, and losing her meant having nothing to stand on anymore.

As for Felix? He might move on from the death of his grandfather and friends as he has already done this in his previous life, but what was killing him was the fact that he caused their death alongside tens of billions.

That wasn't easy to accept by any sane person.

'Why are you lying to them? I know that you can reverse the flow of time for the spirits to regain their memories. If I didn't know this, I wouldn't have suggested having them come here.' Lady Sphinx asked telepathically.

'I am not lying to them.' Lord Zurvan replied, 'I am just not giving them the whole truth. You should appreciate my help as those two boys need to understand that death is the end line. If I helped them here, what stops them from coming to me every time someone dear to them dies? Or worse, seek other futile methods.'

'Death is death...Life is life. If no one has respect for those basic laws, the whole universe will be thrown into shambles.' Lord Zurvan uttered indifferently.

As the time primogenitor, there was really no such thing as a limitation.

Lord Zurvan was able to accelerate time in an entire galaxy all by himself...Reviving people was nothing but a walk in the park for him.

Still, this didn't mean that he planned on abusing his powers for whoever requested his help. He only helped people when there was literally no other option.

In the case of Felix and Noah, their situation could be solved by them toughening up and accepting the death of their beloved no matter how hard it was.

'You really didn't disappoint.' Lady Sphinx smiled faintly, 'I expected you to reject them, but I didn't think you will go the extra mile for their sake.'

Lady Sphinx might want to protect Felix and help him reach his goals. But in this case? She really had no intention of having him revive anyone as she knew that it would harm him in the long run.

The only reason she brought out Lord Zurvan in the first place was to give him some motivation to stand up on his feet.

Though, Noah and Felix's current situation didn't seem too good as they appeared to be utterly devastated.

"If you are hell-bent on saving them, then pay the spirit realm a visit and see if you can strike a deal with the guardian of souls...Just stop bothering me with this." Lord Zurvan said in a careless manner.

While what he said sounded more like a joke, Noah didn't seem to think of it as such. His soulless eyes seemed to have some life restored in them as he murmured, "Spirit realm...Deal...I can do that."

"Noah...It's..." Felix sighed, "Forget it."

Even Felix, who desired to seek any method to fix his mistake, was still sensible enough to understand that method was impossible.

He had witnessed the spirit realm and the heavenly plane.

He witnessed its structure, rules, and everything that he needed to understand that anyone who reached that plane was unrevivable.

If a soul was still in the void of the spirit realm, there might be a chance to return to its body. However, the moment it step on the heavenly plane, it was a done deal.

Even Life Primogenitor had stated that he was reviving only the wandering spirits and had no plans on touching the ones on the heavenly plane since they were considered to have already started a new life.

There was no way the guardian of spirits would ever agree to give up on spirits who already started their new lives in his domain...Even Carbancle planned on staying with his wife in the spirit realm if it was possible to recover her memories.

'I guess it's best to leave him with this shred of hope.' Thor said as he addressed Noah.

'He is still too fragile and it's doubtful if he can accept the death of his sister.' Kraken advised Fenrir, 'It's best to help him work things out before this last shred of hope disappears as well.'

'We will see how it goes.' Fenrir might not like Noah's current state too much, but he related to it greatly.

He also lost his dear wife and it completely made his life fall apart...But, if he could move on in the end, he trusted that Noah would be able to do the same with a bit of help.

'You okay?' Asna asked Felix softly.

'I am fine...' Felix smiled wryly, 'I already knew that it was a long shot and prepared for failure.'

Felix might be devastated, but he didn't let his emotions get to him as much as Noah.

He made peace with himself that this was his last attempt to fix his mistake and revive everyone.

If it failed, he wouldn't look for another method and waste his time on it...Precious time could be used to at least punish the bastards who did this to his loved ones.

One thousand and six hundred years was enough duration for Felix to mature at a moderate pace and understand that if couldn't save his loved ones, he could at least give them justice.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

This didn't mean that he was free of guilt, it simply meant that Felix had taken another step towards redemption and acceptance, unlike Noah...

...

Half an hour later...

Fenrir had taken Noah outside of the hut to speak with him personally about his current situation. As for Felix and Lady Sphinx, they remained with Lord Zurvan and spoke about various things.

In truth, Felix didn't do much of the speaking as he merely listened to their rich conversation, trying his best to learn new things.

Too bad, most of the things they spoke about had no context, which left him confused most of the time.

"Lord Zurvan, I have been meaning to ask you." Lady Sphinx gave Lord Zurvan a serious look and inquired, "Why did you accept our request to enter your galaxy and even set up a meeting with us? Did you see something?"

Felix fixed his posture to get more focused as he knew that this question was extremely important.

He always wondered about Lord Zurvan's reasoning to accept him and even allow him to bring companions.

Since he knew that he was the time primogenitor, it was normal to assume that Lord Zurvan might have seen something about Felix's future.

"I am always seeing things...That's not a reason really?" Lord Zurvan chuckled.

"..."

"..."

Everyone could see that he was avoiding answering the question...Lady Sphinx knew that she couldn't really force him to tell them about his visions of Felix's future.

So, she played along.

"If that's not the reason, then what else?" She asked.

"To give him this."

Suddenly Lord Zurvan threw a weird-looking golden earring at Felix, causing him to catch it reflexively.

The earring resembled a sun disk and had some writings on its surface...It was quite heavy considering its size.

Lady Sphinx took it from Felix's hand with her mental energy and scanned it thoroughly before asking,  "Is this a spatial earring?"

"Yes, and it can be unlocked only by him." Lord Zurvan said.

"You joking, right?" Lady Sphinx frowned as she knew that there was no way he could be telling the truth.

"Give it a try." Lord Zurvan didn't bother to defend himself.

Lady Sphinx infused it with her elemental and mental energy...Unfortunately, it didn't react to her at all.

She passed the earrings to Felix and told him to do the same.

Albeit confused, Felix did as he was told and infused his mental energy into it...Unexpectedly, the inscriptions reacted to it as they brightened up for a few moments!

"The hell?" Felix felt slight shivers coursing down his spine after seeing the earrings being unlocked.

'Impossible!'

'How can this be?'

'Interesting...'

His reaction was shared by even his tenants as everyone knew that spatial jewelry was categorized into two types...Public and private ones.

Public in the sense that anyone could unlock and access them as long as he had the specific elemental energy to unlock them.

As for the private type? They were considered customized spatial jewelry since they used the mental energy of the owner as the sole key to open them.

Since every person in the universe had a singular unique consciousness and mental energy, it was impossible for anyone to unlock those private spatial rings beside the owner!

What freaked out Felix and his tenants was the fact that the owner had to share his mental energy with the forger beforehand for the sake of creating this special bond!

Since there was only one Felix and one Forger in the universe that was able to create such a divine item, it implied quite a freaky situation!!

"Before you ask, I am not the one giving it to you." Lord Zurvan uttered calmly, "It was left behind for you by someone."

"Huh?"

With this answer, Felix and his tenants were officially thrown off as this was just too random and unexpected!