Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Can you please help us set a meeting with her?" Felix requested, knowing that Lord Zurvan was their only hope to make a connection with Foremother Siamese.

"You heard him, right?" Lord Zurvan said as he looked at the ceiling.

Just as Felix wanted to lift his head, he realized that the environment around him had changed completely.

He was now standing on a field of dandelions. Each stalk in the field's sea of white had a fuzzy ball that appeared to sparkle in the sunlight.

The tiny seeds of the dandelions floated through the air like fairy dust as they softly swung in the breeze.

The only thing visible as far as the eye could see was an infinite expanse of white. The aroma of spring, a potent blend of flowers and recently cut grass, was pervasive in the air.

Felix realized immediately that he was in a dimensional pocket as the sky was dotted with multiple black holes like they were painted on a wall.

Before Felix's eyes could roam further, they ended up getting affixed on a mesmerizing purple-haired woman.

Her skin was smooth and flawless, with a natural radiance that seemed to glow from within. High cheekbones and full lips gave her face a striking, almost regal appearance. Her eyes were a deep, dark green, sparkling with intelligence and a hint of coldness.

She sat at the center of the dandelion field with graceful ease, her every motion fluid and elegant. She dressed simply yet elegantly, emphasizing her body without being too exposing.

Despite her evident attractiveness, she exuded an air of superiority that would make anyone feel uncomfortable.

"Foremother Siamese?" Felix inquired politely.

He noticed that he had been teleported to this dimensional pocket all by himself, which made him understand that Foremother Siamese had no intentions of interacting with his master.

Still, he wasn't too nervous or afraid of her as he knew that Lord Zurvan wouldn't let anything bad happen to his guest.

"Come closer." She ordered calmly.

Although her tone was impolite as hell, Felix had no plans of acting tough before her...He went closer to her and remained silent, knowing that there was no need to voice his request again.

In his mind, since she decided to bring him here, then there was a high chance she would agree to his request...After all, a 'No' would have been sufficient to deal with him.

"I will agree to your request for a condition." She disclosed.

'As expected.' Felix took a deep breath and asked, "What is it?"

"I want you to never have any interaction with Lord Zurvan again." Foremother Siamese said coldly, "Don't ask for his help, don't ask for a favor, don't even think about him."

"..."

Felix was left stunned at her condition...He expected many conditions, but never this!

'She must be too possessive of Lord Zurvan and doesn't want anyone to take his attention from her.' Asna chuckled.

Although Asna's conclusion seemed like a joke, Felix was really about to believe it since he didn't have any logical reasoning for this condition!

Don't ask for his help, don't ask for a favor, don't even think about him? Felix wasn't even planning on doing this after his request was diverted to her.

He knew that the moment he leave the galaxy, he would have almost no relation to Lord Zurvan. Since he had no more favors to take advantage of, he couldn't even contact him anymore.

'There is another option.' Lady Sphinx narrowed her eyes, 'She knows about the identity of the earring's owner and understands that having a connection with him meant big trouble to Lord Zurvan.'

'So, she decided to protect him by cutting off my relationship with him completely?' Felix was speechless as she made him feel like he was a walking magnet for trouble.

'It's best if you just ask her.' Thor said.

Just as Felix wanted to do this, Foremother Siamese interjected calmly, "Yes or no, anything else that comes out of your mouth will cancel this offer."

'This b*tch is really something else.' Asna cursed with an irked tone, not too pleased with Foremother Siamese's personality.

Unfortunately for them, Foremother Siamese couldn't care less about their opinions of her as she had no intentions of making friends with them.

She couldn't make it any more obvious that she wanted them out of her celestial body as fast as possible.

'So, are you going to take the deal?' Asna asked.

'Isn't it obvious?' Felix smiled wryly, 'What choice do I have left at this point?'

Felix understood that he couldn't miss this opportunity to obtain destruction bloodline while making sure to cultivate it in the Elementals Galaxy.

The price might be vague in long term, but still, it was worth the trade.

Receiving help from Lord Zurvan wasn't even 1% guaranteed even with a favor involved...If it wasn't for the earning, he probably wouldn't have accepted Lord Osiris' favor.

So, it would be too dumb to reject this secured opportunity to get much stronger for the sake of uncertain assistance.

"Yes."

The moment Felix gave his answer, he was sent back to the Northern Forest with his party...The only one left behind was Lady Sphinx.

'Damn, we didn't even get to thank Lord Zurvan.'

'She is treating you like a plague.' Asna giggled.

Felix's eyelids twitched but he had no retort as he also started to feel the same.

'Master, can you convey my regards?' Felix requested, knowing that Lady Sphinx was left behind because she had other businesses to conduct with Lord Zurvan.

'Mmm.'

After receiving confirmation, Felix removed Lord Zurvan from his thought process and went to check up on Noah.

...

Meanwhile back in the hut, Lady Sphinx was staring at Lord Zurvan with a solemn expression.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Tell me your offer."

"I already told you there is no need for you to keep collecting them, I can tell you right now what will happen when you gather those monoliths in one place." Lord Zurvan said.

"I also told you that I don't want that." Lady Sphinx replied calmly, "I didn't go through so much trouble to gather them just to hear the ending...I want to see it, I want to feel it, and I want to be there for it."

"I..."

"You better not spoil anything for me." Lady Sphinx warned with a frigid look.

"Fine, fine, sheesh." Lord Zurvan murmured to himself, "No wonder they are named Maniacal Monoliths."

"You said something?" Lady Sphinx narrowed her eyes at him.

"Cough, it's nothing." Lord Zurvan swiftly threw a spatial ring in her hand and said, "There are more than a hundred of them there. Siamese gathered them for me and I have no use of them as I already know the answer."

"This..."

Lady Sphinx was rarely caught off guard as her rationality always keep her cool-headed. Still, this was way too much for her to take!

Receiving one hundred Monoliths at once wasn't even a dream come through as he never assumed that this many monoliths could be gathered in one place!

"I can't accept those...It's too much." Lady Sphinx pushed back the spatial ring...She understood that nothing in her possession would make this trade fair.

"Don't you get it?" Lord Zurvan chuckled, "You have to take them for my desired future to remain unaffected."

"I see..."

Although Lord Zurvan didn't go into much detail, Lady Sphinx understood what he meant. Lord Zurvan knew the answer about the monoliths through the future Lady Sphinx!

In other words, she managed to gather all of the monoliths in the far future and she shared the knowledge with everyone as usual.

If she didn't accept those monoliths right now, the future would change, which would result in Lord Zurvan's memories about the monoliths' answer being erased since it never happened!

"Thank you."

"No, thank you." Lord Zurvan smiled as he watched Lady Sphinx take the ring.

"I know I said I don't want to know, but is it possible to know if the end results are worth it or not?"

"Does it matter to you? I believe you won't stop either way."

"I guess you're right." Lady Sphinx smiled as she eyed the spatial ring.

As the guardian of truth and knowledge, Lady Sphinx would never base her effort on the subject's worth.

If that's the case, it was best to not learn anything about the monoliths no matter how tempting it was...Especially, when she needed only nineteen monoliths more to collect them all!