Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

One Month Later...

Felix could be seen sitting on the floor of his training hall inside his spaceship.

He was currently getting close to the wormhole connecting the Elemental Galaxy and the SGAlliance. He embarked on the journey toward Lord Shiva's descendants the day after his meeting with Lord Zurvan.

Without having the destruction bloodline, Felix didn't feel motivated in the slightest to continue his training.

So, he left as early as possible. He didn't take anyone with him besides Nimo since the deal included only himself.

The others had no permission, so if they dared to leave the galaxy, they would never be accepted inside again.

'Sir Felix, we are about to reach our destination.' Queen Ai suddenly informed, interrupting Felix's meditation.

Felix opened his eyes and teleported to the cockpit instantly, making him see thousands of spaceships entering and leaving a cosmic wormhole.

'You back, alone this time? You got ditched?' Elder Haemir spoke telepathically with Felix the moment he got too close to the wormhole.

'I have matters to settle outside. I will be back soon.' Felix replied politely.

'For you to get approved entry twice, you are really well-liked by the foremother.'

'Something like that.' Felix's eyelids twitched, having no plans on telling him that she hated him more than anything.

Elder Haemir released a faint grunt in distrust at Felix's statement and went radio silent on him. Felix enjoyed this silence during his stay in the queue.

After a couple of hours, his spaceship's turn arrived to pass through the wormhole.

'Sixteen years since I have gone off the radar in the alliance.' Felix smiled faintly as he went through the wormhole, 'I wonder how much has changed?'

One thousand and six hundred years in the Elemental Galaxy translated to merely sixteen years in the outside universe.

While the time difference couldn't be compared at all, Felix knew that more sh*t must have happened in the alliance during that period.

The SGAlliance was that lively and dramatic!

Ting Ting Ting!!

As expected, the moment Felix emerged on the other side of the wormhole, his AP bracelet went absolutely haywire with millions of notifications pinging him one after another!

Even Asna and the other tenants' bracelets went crazy with notifications, causing Felix's limbs to keep vibrating like he was wearing massage devices.

"Mute all." Felix requested.

"Notifications muted." Queen Ai added monotonously, "Welcome back online Sir Felix."

"Thanks." Felix smiled as he heard Queen Ai's same old voice...But this time, he knew that it was the real Queen Ai.

"Sir Felix, are you willing to trade your information gained in the Elemental Galaxy?" Queen Ai proposed.

"No, thank you." Felix rejected the offer even though he knew that the payment would be mouth-watering.

This offer was also offered to Asna and the tenants since the information was too vital to Queen Ai.

She always sought to absorb new data as it empowered her consciousness prowess in addition to making her more knowledgeable.

"Understood."

Although she desired his knowledge, Queen Ai still accepted his will without trying to convince him like some annoying merchant.

'Queen! log me in.' Asna requested with an eager tone without wasting a single second.

Who could blame her? She spent one thousand and six hundred years doing nothing but watching Felix grinding in his training with the occasional visits from him to do the naughty.

Anyone would be bored to death. The moment she logged in, she went to the spa to clear her mind and sunbathe near the pool.

'I will be tending to my garden.' Jörmungandr said with a faint smile as he logged in too.

Meanwhile, Thor and Carbuncle went to their favorite bar while Kraken returned to his mission of collecting information to benefit his main consciousness which was in the spirit realm.

When Lady Sphinx saw that the crowded and lively table was emptied, she couldn't help but shake her head like a displeased mother, 'They are really getting too addicted.'

When she focused back on Felix, she saw that he was already lying inside his VR Pod.

Though Felix straightaway opened the news outlet, his inbox, and his contact list, wanting to get into business instead of entertaining himself.

When he realized that there was just too much news to understand at once, he requested Candace to update him only on the big events that happened in his absence.

"The biggest news is related to us." Candace disclosed with a proud tone, "The void nation has managed to dethrone the sage race and becomes one of the ten ruling powers in the previous great reset."

"Well, that's good to hear, but really not worth celebrating." Felix sighed, "It would have been better if we managed to dethrone another race."

It made sense for Felix to not feel too happy about this news since the sage race belonged to them too.

With Arthur still being the king of the sages, it would have been much better if both of them remained in the top ten rulers.

Unfortunately, the sage race was the tenth on the list and if the void nation wanted to join the alliance's peak, they had to start with them.

"I think it's been six years in this new cycle, have you made any progress?" Felix asked the real question.

"As you know, The Watchers Race are permanent members in the top ten. So, although they are ninth in the ranking, we had to skip over them and aim for the eighth-ranked." Candace disclosed, "We believe that we will be able to surpass the heavenly turtles in the next three years before the great reset."

"That's quite fast?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, "How are you gaining so many SGPoints?"

Felix knew that the heavenly turtles might be ranked eight, but the points difference between them and the sages was in the millions!

That's because they were dominating the racial games just like the dragons. So, for the Void Nation to catch up to them in merely six years, they must have really put in the effort.

"After we stabilized our nation in our new home, we have decided to start offering our services in return for SGPoints." Candace smiled, "Almost every background in this universe is suffering from daily void invasions. Since we proved to be able to take care of them, everyone is fighting to hire our services."

"Adding this to the mandatory quota, we will be getting indeed plenty of SGPoints." Felix nodded in satisfaction at his nation's activeness.

He believed that his nation would be doing just the mandatory quota of dealing with three void invasions each month.

He didn't think that the citizens would be motivated to even work harder than that and start accepting private commissions!

Since SGPoints were used as currency between nations, this was greatly helpful to his nation.

"Of course, they will work hard. It is one of the fastest methods for the citizens to climb the ranks in the nation's hierarchy and obtain more territories." Candace chuckled devilishly as it was one of her plans to increase productivity.

Felix approved of this 100%.

"Oh also, we created a new hidden organization for all sorts of private requests, ranging from assassinations to even fulfilling some weird kinks or wishes through greed laws." Candace added.

"Seriously?" Felix frowned, "You tell the clients about the aftermath, right?"

"Of course, this is the only way we managed to make the organization be accepted by the inner circle and approved by the Queen." Candace nodded, "Everyone knows what they are getting into when they make those requests."

"You still get commissions?"

"You have no idea." Candace smiled wryly, "We are actually at capacity and we have commissions stacked for the next two years."

"The f*ck is wrong with people?" Felix was left speechless.

Felix knew that the void creatures' powers come with some nasty penalties.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

For example, if a lust succubus was hired to fulfill some weird kink, the utilization of the lust law on that person would corrode his consciousness.

If it was just once or twice, maybe it wouldn't matter much since consciousness could recover with time.

But, those void succubus knew what they were doing and Felix understood that the moment someone have a taste of their divine techniques, there was no turning back!

This meant they were literally signing and paying to turn themselves into sex slaves!!

This still wasn't worse than asking for a wish by using greed laws. Just like trade with the devil, no matter how small the wish, the penalty was always a hundred times much worse!

"I was freaked out as well." Candace joked, "If I knew many people were this sick in their minds, we wouldn't have been moving in the shadows and forcing ourselves on them."

"I don't know, this still feels off." Felix waved his hands, "Just don't overdo it to avoid getting us a bad reputation."

"I understand."

Felix might be sickened by this organization's operations, but he had no plans of disbanding it...Especially, when the clients were giving their consent even after knowing about the risks.

"How about the human race?" Felix changed the subject, "Any news?"

"I am sorry, I have tried my best to give them a hand, but it still wasn't enough to save them from having their rank falling sharply." Candace sighed.

Upon hearing so, Felix opened the SGAlliance ranking and couldn't help but sighed in frustration after seeing that the human race rank was back to twenty-eight.

'Tsk, so much effort gone to waste the moment I disappeared.'