Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

'That's to be expected. You were the whole team.' Asna replied lazily while getting massaged by humanoid bots in a private spa.

Felix sighed as he closed the holographic ranking list.

He understood that as long as he didn't help the human race as a whole to advance their strength, they would always rely on him to advance higher in the alliance.

As much as he wanted to help them solve this issue, he really wasn't free to invest all of his time in finding such a miraculous method.

After all, what he needed to do was either create a new cultivation system or improve the old one...None of them were easy to achieve.

"Since I will be returning to the Elementals Galaxy, it's useless to help them push their rank higher again."

Felix made his decision to ignore them for now, knowing that they wouldn't be kicked out of the inner circle even without his help.

Though, the same couldn't be applied to his personal empyrean rank.

"Sixteen years of absence really took a considerable amount of empyrean points." He commentated as he eyed his newly downgraded empyrean rank.

Though, he didn't seem to mind it too much as he knew that with his current strength, he could easily smash through the ranks and reach the top ten supremes.

'Are you planning to aim for the top ten while you are here?' Asna inquired.

'Top ten?' Felix smirked coldly, 'I have an appointment with Elder Dragon and it will be too impolite to keep him waiting much longer.'

'A bit too confident, aren't ya?' Asna giggled.

'It's doubtful if I can handle him properly right now. But after my sixth replacement?' Felix narrowed his eyes, 'I will make him regret the day he looked down on me.'

Felix could never forget the humiliation he had to go through during his first meeting with Elder Dragon...He was held at a gunpoint to sign a non-disclosure agreement to keep the ugly secrets of the royal dragon family to himself.

The contract stated that the moment his tongue slipped up, Queen Ai would terminate his existence instantly.

When he rejected to sign it, Elder Dragon attempted to kill him without an ounce of hesitation. If it wasn't for his masters' interference, he wouldn't be standing here.

Ever since then, Felix vowed that he would dethrone the Elder Dragon of his supreme title as the strongest being in the alliance...He would do it in the most humiliating manner possible to pay him back.

"Focus first on securing the destruction bloodline." Thor stated calmly, "It won't be easy to deal with Lord Shiva's descendants."

"I know full well about their legends." Felix narrowed his eyes in focus, "The legends of the Watchers."

It turned out, The Watchers were Lord Shiva's descendants! A piece of knowledge that only a few authoritative figures knew about.

For everyone else? The Watchers were a secretive and private race who almost never interfered in the alliance's matters even though they were the only permanent members in the top ten.

But in reality? Felix knew that even the Watchers' term was a mere nickname given to them in the old days due to doing nothing but watching from afar.

Their real name was Shiva's Apostles!

With Felix's authority in the alliance, he had access to almost all types of private information in the Data Center.

From there, he learned about the history of Shiva's Apostles during the dark age and the first years of the SGAlliance's foundation.

It was a known fact that the UVR and the SGAlliance were created for the sake of minimizing wars in the real universe.

While the dragons, shadowborns, Orcs, dwarves, and almost every other race were fighting for the sake of resources or their survival, there were only two untouched races.

The Metal Race and Shiva's Apostles!

One race had the most advanced military technologies in the universe while the other race was considered one of the most fearsome races in the entire universe, surpassing even the dragons!

Even when there was no UVR during the dark age, rumors about Shiva's Apostles traveled far and wide as every race that targeted their territories always had one survivor leaving in one piece!

Vampires, Werewolves, Heavenly Turtles, and even dragons gave it a shot to conquer them and failed!

Those lone survivors did their jobs by spreading the news about the damnation of their people to everyone.

When Felix read the survivors' statements in those history books, all of them mentioned repeatedly that Shiva's Apostles had erased their people, their weapons, and their spaceships with a mere look!

With enough information from multiple victims, it was getting harder and harder to disbelieve them.

Since Shiva's Apostles never tried to conquer anyone, the only way to prove those insane rumors was by entering their territory.

Unfortunately, not a single background dared to risk themselves for the sake of everyone's curiosity.

This caused Shiva's Apostles' fearsomeness to get inflated through the years even though there was nothing to document their strength besides the words of those survivors.

When the day of the SGAlliance's foundation arrived, they were invited to join as one of the top ten most important races in the alliance.

When the rules were written to make sure that everyone would have a chance to become one of the top ten races, Shiva's Apostles were the only ones excluded.

No one had any arguments about this sort of favoritism as Shiva's Apostles' terrifying strength was already engraved in everyone's minds.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Even the dragons said nothing about this since they knew that Shiva's Apostles' would never fight them for the number one title...This was enough for them.

With the passage of time, Shiva's Apostles had become nicknamed The Watchers after not a single participation of them had been recorded...Whether in the games or direct contribution to the alliance's developments.

Even after two million years had gone by since the SGAlliance's foundation, they still held the ninth rank with zero SGPoints in their account.

When even the top ten rulers never voiced their complaints about this matter, how could the new inner and outer circle races dare show their displeasure?

This was the information that Felix learned from the Data Center...As for the knowledge gained from his masters? It made Shiva Apostles appear a hundred times scarier!

'You better hope the craziness of their Lord has been uprooted with the birth of newer generations and the death of the old." Lady Sphinx commentated calmly.

"More than a billion years had gone by since that event." Jörmungandr shared, "If they hadn't calmed down, there is really something wrong with Lord Shiva's genes."

"Well, they have been keeping their word to the creation primogenitor by never leaving their territory...Maybe it won't be so bad after all." Thor said.

"Whether their newer generations are calmer than their ancestors or not." Felix said with a serious tone, "I am not going there without backup."

...

One Week Later...

Felix was standing with his hands held behind his back in front of the cockpit's massive window...The Ruiner, Meriam, and Mammon were in front of him with stern looks on their faces.

They were given merely a couple of minutes to greet Felix before he smacked them with the craziest mission they have ever heard of.

"My king, it's not that I am scared of them, but I really can't see a way for us to get the bloodline through force." Meriam smiled wryly, "The Watchers are still part of the alliance even when their involvement is null. Now that we have also joined the alliance, we can't be using force on them unless we want to break the rules."

"Plus, they are allowed to attack anyone, who trespassed in their territory without suffering any consequences, unlike us." Mammon added.

"I know."

Felix acknowledged their statements with a head nod...He already knew that this mission wasn't going to be sunshine and rainbows when the alliance's contract was involved.

The fact that he had no leverage to make sure his request get accepted made it even worse as it implied that using force was the only one forward.

Using force against Shiva's Apostles was a death-seeking wish...Still, Felix had no intentions of backing off.

He knew that everyone wanted something deep down and if he managed to work out a deal with Shiva's Apostles, he wouldn't hesitate to make it happen.

"Let's talk with them first through the UVR and see what happens next." Felix stated.

"Aren't we going to alarm them like this?" The Ruiner frowned.

"Of course, we won't contact them until we are close to their territory." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, "If everything fell apart, we have to be near to make our move."

Meriam and the other two looked at each other for a second before shrugging their shoulders carelessly.

They could see that the odds were heavily against them and the fact that they had no plan wasn't too optimistic.

Still, they had not a single notion of leaving Felix alone even if it meant that their mission might cause their death.

They were loyal to him, but more so to their god, who was watching this whole interaction from the void realm.

'Hehehe...This might be the moment when I get freed once and for all.' Nimo's smile suddenly got creepier as his eyes kept flickering from red to green.

Unfortunately, Lady Sphinx wasn't nearby to see this happening with her void vision...