Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

In a few minutes, Felix had grouped up with his subordinates in his UVR's room...Right now, they were sitting on the ground in a circle preparing for their mission.

The journey was going to take at least fifteen days by spaceship...Felix wanted to use this duration to prepare for the mission properly instead of traveling through the void realm.

"We will have only one chance to make them agree to a deal." Felix stated, "So, let's brainstorm to come up with something that they can't reject."

"With such little information about them, it's hard to know what they want." Meriam said as she tried her best to think of something.

"We can see if they are desperate enough to want a wish from me." Mammon suggested using his greed laws.

He knew that when it came to desperation, everyone's eyes get blinded by the level of risk. He had many cases of old authoritative individuals wishing for longer longevity after exhausting all other methods.

Even when he told them that the trade might result in losing their emotions or their soul, they still agreed to the deal.

"Hmmm, I guess they will be desperate enough for their freedom?" Felix murmured with a deep frown, "Though, it's doubtful if even your greed laws will be enough to help them out."

"What do you mean?" Mammon and the others were confused by Felix's doubts...If it was any other Djins, they could understand his doubts, but this was Mammon.

"I think it's fine to tell you." Felix looked at them and asked with a serious tone, "Do you guys know why Shiva's Apostles never leave their dimensional pocket?"

"I thought it was a cultural thing?" Meriam tilted her head in confusion.

This was the public concord as everyone learned it from Shiva Apostles themselves.

"If only it was that simple." Felix shook his head and began narrating with a solemn tone, "One billion years ago, Lord Shiva has gone mad and made a decision to bring total destruction upon the entire universe, resetting everything back to zero."

"Huh?"

"You're joking, right?"

"Interesting..."

Just this first statement was enough to throw them off and cause them to question it!

Who could blame them?

They might not have been born for over one billion years, but they still existed for hundreds of millions of years...For such a major event to go past them made it really hard to believe.

"It's impossible to know about this event unless a primogenitor shared it as it was marked as a taboo subject." Felix clarified.

If it wasn't for his masters updating him about the history, Felix would have been just as ignorant as them.

"Why is it taboo?" Meriam asked with a curious tone.

"I'm getting there." Felix continued on from where he left off, "For Lord Shiva to pull off destruction on a universal level, he understood that it wouldn't be possible with his strength alone. So, he made sure to spread his seeds as far as he could, resulting in the birth of Shiva's Apostles with significantly more numbers than other primogenitors' descendants."

Meriam, Mammon, and even The Ruiner couldn't help but suck a deep breath in shock.

As much as they tried to imagine it, they just couldn't process having more Shiva's Apostles than other races!

The fact that they possessed destruction manipulation, one of the scariest elements in the universe, made them feel a tingle of fear in their spines at such an insane thought!

Just a few numbers of Shiva's Apostles right now was enough to cause every single race to bow to their fearsomeness and give them a permanent slot as top ten rulers for the sake of having them as allies!

"As much as the thought itself was frightening, what Lord Shiva did with his descendants was more chilling." Felix took a deep breath and disclosed with a serious tone, "Instead of using his army of descendants to destroy planets and stars at a slow pace, he gathered most of them in one place and absorbed their energies, lifeforce, spirits, and whatever they had to offer to empower himself."

"Then?" Meriam asked with an invested expression after seeing Felix take a long pause.

"Luckily, he was stopped in time by an alliance of elemental lords." Felix sighed in relief, "Creation primogenitor, Illusion primogenitor, Life primogenitor, Death primogenitor, Void Primogenitor, even Time primogenitor helped stop his madness."

"He was killed eventually with all of his descendants. The slowest descendants to arrive were saved from the slaughter, but at the same time ended up being punished due to their ancestor's actions."

"Creation primogenitor had created a special dimensional pocket that allowed everything to enter and leave, but the carriers of Lord Shiva's bloodline."

"Ever since then, Shiva's Apostles were imprisoned in their dimensional pocket without a single method of leaving it."

"The rest of the primogenitors were told about the story and the elemental lords told them to never share this matter with their descendants, which eventually made this subject a taboo."

"This is all I know at the moment." Felix concluded his narration.

His story was clearly paraphrased and shortened heavily as it was impossible to describe such a massive event in a couple of sentences.

But his subordinates had gotten the big picture and it sure stupefied them to the core just like he was when he first learned about it.

"You're telling me that there was a moment in time when the universe would have ceased to exist?"

Even though they were void creatures, this was still enough to send chills course on their spine. Luckily, the elemental lords had saved the situation.

'Is it really better to keep him in the dark and even feed him false information?' Thor said with a deep frown.

'He has no use for such knowledge at the moment.' Lady Sphinx answered calmly, 'It will just affect him negatively without any benefits.'

'If Lord Shiva was awakened, he is going to spill the beans eventually.' Jörmungandr stated, 'If he somehow didn't get the bloodline, then he won't need to know about that event.'

'I guess that's one way of seeing it.' Thor sighed as he dropped the subject and focused back on Felix and his subordinates who seemed to have found a solution to their dilemma.

"Since Shiva's Apostles can't escape the dimensional pocket through the gate, how about we smuggle them through the void realm?" Meriam suggested, "If we made a deal to free them in this manner, I doubt they will reject it."

Before Felix could respond to her suggestion, Lady Sphinx interjected, 'Don't bother yourself with this method. Lord Khaos will never let any one of them survive a single second in the void realm.'

'Ah...I see.' Felix sighed in frustration.

He figured out that Lord Khaos must have made a pact with the elemental lords to keep an eye on Shiva's Apostles if they dared step inside his void realm.

Felix told the news to his subordinates, causing them to return to the starting point.

Since the dimensional pocket was locked shut, it made Felix recognize that even his spatial abilities wouldn't be able to free them...Otherwise, Shiva's Apostles would have done this years ago by hiring a space worm service.

'What else can I offer?' Felix pondered deeply, hoping to find out something that could secure the deal without touching their freedom.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

It wasn't easy to do as their freedom was the only obvious non-brainer deal.

'I don't know if this will work, but how about promising them a meeting with Lord Shiva after you awaken him?' Asna suggested while sunbathing in front of a pool and drinking a cold tropical cocktail.

'Uhmm?' Felix raised his eyebrow slightly in interest at her unconventional idea.