Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

'Isn't it a bit too risky?' Candace expressed, 'How can he convince them about his ability to awaken their dead ancestor without revealing his secrets?'

'Ummm.' Felix nodded in agreement at Candace's statement.

The suggestion was smart, but it came with plenty of risks. He understood that Shiva's Apostles would never trust him unless he showed them proof.

The only proof he had was exposing his masters' real statuses...If he did this, he could potentially risk this information reaching the Dark faction.

Still...

'At this point, the Darkin faction knowing about my masters' death won't change anything.' Felix said coldly, 'They have already taken what I care about. The only way they can hurt me now is by coming for me straight.'

Felix knew that even if they were primogenitors, it wouldn't be easy to catch him if his location wasn't compromised.

In other words, it was worth taking the risk.

'Obviously, we will be making them sign a non-disclosure agreement first to minimize the secret getting spread.'

With a strict non-disclosure agreement, Shiva Apostles wouldn't risk getting themselves killed by Queen Ai for the sake of sharing Felix's secrets when they had absolutely no enmity against him.

In fact, if the deal went through, they would be on his side and try their best to help him awaken their ancestor for the sake of meeting him.

'Though, you need to make sure that you won't make a certain promise.' Asna warned, 'You can't decide for Lord Shiva.'

'I know.' Felix nodded, 'The deal will be to try my best to convince him to meet them...Whether they take it or not, that's up to them.'

Although it might not sound too reliable, there weren't really any other options at the moment.

'If all things failed, violence still works.' Felix suddenly stood up and excused his subordinates, not planning on sharing his plan with them.

After they left, he turned his UVR's room into a fighting arena and voiced a request, "Place three Shivian fighters before me at the highest difficulty possible."

Since there was a chance of a fight breaking off, it would be foolish to go to battle without experiencing Shivians' strength.

Obviously, those three Shivians were going to be created based on Lady Sphinx's memory after she gave him permission.

If it wasn't for her, the virtual Shivians dummies wouldn't be able to manipulate destruction element since the real Shivians never approved of making this data public.

...

Fifteen days later...

"Sir Felix, we have arrived at your destination." Queen Ai announced.

Felix thanked her and logged out immediately. He teleported back to the cockpit and stared at the distance through his massive window.

He had to zoom to the limit to spot a visible wavy gray crack in the middle of nowhere. There was nothing near it besides a few spaceships.

This was the only spatial gate to Shiva Apostle's dimensional pocket. 

"Are you going to contact their king Mahit now?" Meriam asked the moment she appeared next to Felix with the other two.

"Yes." Felix returned to his seat and logged back in.

Fortunately, he was now considered one of the ten rulers, which enable him new benefits and authoritative perks.

One of them was receiving Shiva's Apostles King's contact information to facilitate communication between the rulers.

Without further do, Felix dialed King Mahit.

Ring, Ring, Ring...Cluck!

After more than ten seconds of ringing, the call was finally picked up...A holographic screen appeared in front of Felix, but it was darkened.

Still, Felix knew that the call was connected, making him voice his greeting, "King Mahit, It's a pleasure to meet you."𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Likewise." An elderly hoarse voice replied to Felix after a couple of seconds of silence.

It sounded more like a polite reply than a sincere answer.

Felix didn't care as he jumped straight to the subject, "I have contacted you to seek a favor and I really hope your majesty can consider it."

Felix wasn't an idiot to seek a deal from the very start as it was harmless to see if he could solve his situation through a polite exchange of favors.

Who knows? Maybe King Mahit wouldn't mind giving a few bloodline bottles to owe a favor? After all, Felix's identity wasn't the same as before.

"Speak." King Mahit spoke bluntly.

"I have reached the end of my cultivation path and decided to use Lord Shiva's bloodline in my last replacement." Felix said with a solemn tone, "I found no other bloodline that can match Lord Shiva's greatness."

Although it was a long shot, it wasn't bad to glorify and praise Lord Shiva's bloodline a bit to target King Mahit's pride.

Unfortunately, King Mahit didn't seem too affected as he went silent for a short moment before reasoning with an indifferent tone, "I believe you want me to hand you our blood for the sake of using our ancestor's bloodline?"

​ "Yes." Felix added quickly, "I will owe you big time and if you need anything within reason, I will move mountains to make it happ..."

"My apologies, but I refuse. If that's all, I will be hanging up."

Before Felix could react, King Mahit hung up on him, leaving him staring at the window with a slightly dazed look.

"Well, that was a quick shutdown." Asna commentated.

"It was a far shot in the first place." Felix regained control of his emotions and said with a serious tone, "Now to the real thing."

Without delay, he contacted King Mahit again. This time the call was picked up instantly.

"King Felix, if you want to keep my respect, please don't call me again about this subject. My answer will always be no." King Mahit spoke with a slightly displeased tone.

"How about if I told you that I can get you a meeting with your ancestor?" Felix responded calmly.

"King Felix, you are really pushing the line here." King Mahit said with a suppressed tone.

He was clearly furious that Felix would be bold enough to use his dead ancestor's name for such nonsense.

"I am not joking." Felix promised with a solemn tone, "I have a method to help you meet with your ancestor. However, I need you to sign an NDA first as I can't risk this information ever seeing the light of the public."

King Mahit went silent this time instead of raging or hanging up...This was enough for Felix as it made him discern that King Mahit was actually thinking about his statements properly.

Still, he was getting slightly nervous after an entire minute went by without receiving any answer.

Fortunately, King Mahit didn't play with his emotions for too long as he sent an invitation link and hung up on him again.

"I guess we are getting to somewhere." Felix clicked on the invitation link immediately, knowing that he had secured himself a face-to-face meeting!

As he expected, the moment he opened his eyes, he found himself standing before a common wooden table in a normal modern living room.

On the other side of the table, a tall, gray-skinned elderly man sat while having four arms crossed over his wide chest.

In the faint light of the living room, his powerful physique was encased in a dark dignified robe.

One deep-set, penetrating eye was visible on his forehead, and it was fixated on Felix, giving him the creeps.

His aura was strange, and his skin was hard to the touch, like the surface of a stone. His arms were strong and sinewy, and each one could easily crush bone.

He had an almost supernatural appearance due to the weird markings on his robe, which appeared to shine dimly each time sunlight touched them.

This was King Mahit, the current leader of Shiva Apostles and one of the most feared and mysterious figures in the entire alliance!