Although he didn't have to accept the invitation and could have just sent someone to pick up the bloodline bottles, Felix still entered the dimensional pocket through the front gate.

It was a rare opportunity as Shiva's Apostles do not let anyone enter their realm...Not even workers or deliveryworms.

Everyone was forced to stop at the front gate and pass over the rest to Shiva's Apostles' bots.

After Felix reached the dimensional gate, he parked his massive spaceship at the side and continued the rest of the journey on a moderate-sized aircraft.

When the traders noticed his aircraft going through the dimensional gate without Queen Ai stopping him, they were somewhat taken aback.

"Is that a Watcher returning?"

"It can't be?" It must be someone given a royal decree of permission."

"They still give those? Damn, I will kill for one of them."

They were right as Felix was indeed handed this royal decree by King Mahit to facilitate his journey toward the Wisdom Palace. It enabled him to enter, interact, and do almost anything in their dimensional pocket.

The only two things that were forbidden were taking pictures, videos, or talking to anyone about the environment.

Due to this strict rule, no one actually knew what the dimensional pocket's environment looked like.

"For a prison, this isn't too bad."

Felix remarked with a look of wonder as his eyes swam across the misty towering mountainous chain.

A beautiful glow covered the scene as the sun rose over the cloud-covered mountains, revealing the jagged peaks and valleys below.

The soothing roar of a waterfall far off echoed through the still morning air as it cascaded down a rocky ledge.

Felix was used to seeing breathtaking scenery, yet he was still astounded by the sheer magnificence of the panorama in front of him as he peered out across the glittering view.

On each mountain, he could see humble dwellings built from local wood and stone, mixing in with the environment naturally.

There was some sort of an unspeakable hierarchy, as the buildings on the mountains' sides and bottom were basic and humble while the houses near the summit were extravagant and magnificent.

Some houses were even perched on steep hills, overseeing an abyss hidden by the clouds.

Still, terraced gardens and walkways going to different levels of the properties were present from the bottom to the summit of each mountain.

When Felix zoomed on the nearest mountain to him, he spotted many Shiva's Apostles of different ages, each minding their own business.

The children played together while the elderly were sitting on wooden chairs in front of their homes, staring at the scenery with peaceful expressions.

However, the moment Felix's eyes landed on them, they all turned toward his direction with expressionless stares.

'Damn, they are like radars with their third eye.' Felix's eyelids twitched at the sensation of having so many Shiva's Apostles staring at him.

Even though everyone looked like humble peasants, Felix understood that none of them could be underestimated.

Still, he wasn't too worried as the royal decree protected him.

As expected, everyone dropped their guard and stopped paying his aircraft any attention after they heard about his royal decree from Queen Ai.

Felix also stopped lingering around and increased his aircraft's speed, flying into the horizon.

"It's really massive for a dimensional pocket." Felix murmured, "It's like an entire world exists here."

'It is." Lady Sphinx confirmed it calmly, "Creation Primogenitor has created an entire planet for them with a fake copy of small-sized sun, the stars, and a moon by using his Creation Domain."

"Isn't that a bit too powerful?"

Felix's eyes widened in shock at the thought of an entity having the literal power of a deity to create everything that could be created!

He already knew that the creation primogenitor should be one of the most important and strongest figures in the universe...But still, to create an actual planet with its own laws and rules was something extraordinary!

After all, it implied that the creation primogenitor could control and manipulate all elements and laws in the universe!

"You went too far." Lady Sphinx shook her head, "Creation primogenitor is powerful as he is the only one capable of touching upon all elements and laws, but this doesn't mean that he can manipulate them as great as other primogenitors...Definitely not create a planet through laws." 

"What do you mean?" Felix asked with a look of confusion.

He knew that laws were the realm of Unigins, but he just couldn't imagine creating an entire planet using only elements since he knew that it posed a huge energy problem.

He just couldn't imagine the creation primogenitor fueling the creation of the dimensional pocket and everything on it nonstop for a billion years to keep it from disappearing!

"You are right about one thing. Creation primogenitor does need to fuel his creations with energy to keep them from disappearing...This is the only thing that separates him from being an actual deity." Elder Kraken interjected after reading his thoughts, "However, he has created a semi-solution to this problem after he mastered his creation domain."

"By using his domain as a stage, everything that was created inside of it can interact exactly like laws, which meant not needing elemental energy to exist...This leaves the creation primogenitor to only fuel his creation domain to keep his creations permanently in the universe. That's a tiny small price compared to before."

"I see!"

Felix's eyes were opened to the truth, finally understanding how could this dimensional pocket exist for a billion years without a single issue arising!

He was already told that Elemental Domains were the apex of each primogenitor since it was the ultimate ability that allow them to touch upon the laws.

In the case of the illusion primogenitor, he created an illusionary world with identical laws to the real ones, making it impossible for even primogenitors to see through them.

Lord Khaos created a void domain that was capable of erasing all matter from existence in a single second, staying true to the destructive source of void energy.

Even Lord Quetzalcoatl's life domain was capable of reviving anyone he wanted with their memories intact as long as he had their corpses and they hadn't entered the heavenly plane.

"I kinda want creation primogenitor's bloodline." Felix murmured with an envious tone.

He knew that if he managed to unlock the creation domain, he would be able to create anything he desired!

It was simply the ultimate cheat code in this universe!

Alas, Felix knew that was nothing but a mere wishful fantasy as the creation primogenitor neither had descendants nor had his location known.

...

After flying for more than an hour, Felix's aircraft started approaching the summit of one of the tallest mountains in the dimensional pocket.

When he got too close, Felix caught a glimpse of a palace, nestled amongst the clouds...Its towering spires and intricate architecture were a testament to the power and wealth of its owners.

"This should be enough."

Felix exited his aircraft and beamed in his spatial card. Then, he flew towards the palace's gate at a slow pace to not alarm the two shivian guards.

"Welcome to the Wisdom Palace."

One of the guards greeted politely while the other opened the gate. It was clear that they were notified about Felix's arrival.

Felix thanked them and stepped inside.

"Please follow me." A beautiful female shivian requested Felix while walking in front of him.

She wasn't wearing anything that indicate a royalty status, which implied that she was a servant.

'How peculiar, those shivians have no issue with making their own people be the guards, maids, and even farmers if it meant having no outsider live among them.' Candace commentated.

She knew that each shivian could be considered a powerhouse in the outside world.

It wasn't like none of them knew about this since all of them were wearing AP Bracelets, which meant they knew just as much about the UVR as anyone else.

Yet, instead of complaining, they seem fine about their current lifestyle.

'Each to his own devices.' Felix said calmly as his eyes roamed around the gracefully designed corridor.

After a few minutes, the shivian maid led Felix into their finest guest room and poured him a cup of tea before leaving him alone.

Felix ignored the tea completely this time and waited patiently for King Mahit to enter the room with some good news.

After a couple of hours which felt like years to Felix, the door was finally opened.

"My apologies, the process has taken much more than anticipated." King Mahit said as he took a seat in front of Felix.

"No worries...I enjoyed the scenery and atmosphere." Felix replied with a faint smile.

"That's good to hear."

King Mahit beamed five medium-sized red bottles and placed them on the table...Then, he asked, "Is this enough?"

Felix glanced at the five bottles and responded, "It depends on the bloodline purity of the owner of those bottles. If it's not high enough, I might need a few more."Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"I see, then I guess you don't have to worry." King Mahit disclosed calmly, "Those are all mine."