Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After Felix spent more than five hours testing his other enhancements, he decided to call it a quit. He was pretty satisfied with the overall development of his other strengths as the enhancement bonus was insane on them as well.

For example, his mental energy capacity had tripled in size, allowing more freedom in using his mental abilities as well as access to newer ones.

This was huge as it enabled him to finally have enough mental energy to activate his spiritual vision and sustain the activation for a short while!

Though, he had yet to test it as he knew that the spirit's guardian would spot him and kick him out just like he did with Lady Sphinx.

Felix didn't want to risk having the spirit's guardian's eyes on him as he had a strong feeling that he would be able to sense Asna merged with his soul...At least, not this early when he had no preparation to deal with him.

After Felix was done with his enhancements tests, he decided to leave his mutation exploration for tomorrow as his mind wasn't too focused.

He logged out and sat on his bed in a meditation position...He had a somewhat nervous and slightly hopeful expression.

"I think it's going to be alright." Asna comforted him, "Other humans are forced to stop at the sixth replacement stage since there was no other beast higher in tier than the seventh."

"It's also because their 1% human bloodline can't handle any more bloodline additions." Felix shook his head, "Anyone daring enough to test the seventh replacement by using an origin bloodliner's blood ended up paying a horrible price on the spot."

Felix always knew that a human's 1% bloodline was limited in its capacity since the DNA could not keep adding more chromosomes of tens different of bloodlines while still retaining its human base.

The wall was the sixth replacement and going beyond it meant risking having one's DNA collapse completely.

So, even with Asna's help to keep the bloodlines from rebelling against him, his own body would end up giving in to the large quantity.

"There is only one way to find out."

Felix stopped the useless speculations and took a deep breath...Then, he closed his eyes and placed his senses on his 1% human bloodline, attempting to find out if there was any more room for another bloodline or not.

This wouldn't be possible for other humans as the only way for them to find out was either through advanced pieces of equipment or attempting the seventh replacement.

"How is it?"

"I don't know." Felix murmured, "I feel like there is a slightly extra space to add half a bloodline if that makes any sense?"

"You mean it's not enough to complete the etching process as smoothly as always?" Lady Sphinx reasoned.

"Yes." Felix nodded as he opened his eyes again.

"Doesn't that means it's doomed to fail if you dare to etch another ability?" Asna commentated.

"Seems like it." Felix smiled bitterly.

Felix never had a problem with the etching process since the greatest threat was the primogenitors' bloodlines' retaliation.

However, when it was taken care of by them, the etching process was fast and problem free.

What enabled this smoothness in the first place was the space in the DNA being enough to accommodate any chromosomes without much of an issue.

But now? The space had gotten much tighter with six bloodlines crammed in there with the original human bloodline.

Felix understood that it wouldn't be smart in the slightest to attempt another replacement as it would be the same as pushing more passengers into an already packed-to-the-brim subway train.

There was bound to be heated friction between the passengers.

"I guess this is your last replacement." Thor sighed, "Let's hope we find a way to keep increasing your strength beyond the Origin Realm then."

"Lady Sphinx is already running plenty of experiments on Noah and the findings are quite promising." Fenrir added.

"I understand."

This news should be exciting for Felix as the Origin Realm was believed to be the end of the road for bloodliners...But, he wasn't able to get himself to feel joyful.

If his target was just the primogenitors, then he had a strong feeling that entering the Origin Realm after his destruction bloodline would be enough to get him on their level.

However, Felix saw further ahead and knew that his bloodline path was his foundation for a bright future where he could even contest against Unigins and those beings who sealed Asna.

Adding another bloodline before entering the Origin Realm would at least push his physical strength by at least 400k BF or more!

This was just too hard to give up on...

"It is what it is." Felix smiled to push down his dejection, knowing that there was no benefit in pouting about this.

The only thing he could do now was to work hard in his integration and prepare for his ascension to the Origin Realm.

'You have been awfully quiet in this conversation, Sphinx.' Carbuncle said with a carefree tone as he smoked a fine cigar, making him resemble a mafia boss for hamsters.

'I'm just running the maths.' Lady Sphinx replied without moving her eyes from her book.

'Maths? You see a way to make this work?' Carbuncle got curious.

'That's why I am running the maths.'

'What makes you feel like there is a chance in this? I know that you will never bother to waste your time on something that has zero chance of it succeeding.'

Lady Sphinx thought about it for a second before retelling her reasons, 'When it comes to gene manipulation, there is no such thing is impossible. However, we lack the knowledge and tools to make the impossible possible. As much as I am skilled at gene manipulation, I am still lacking too much compared to nature itself.'

'The void domain failure has demonstrated this quite well.' Carbuncle chuckled, making Lady Sphinx's eyelids twitch at his jab.

'Anyway, I might not be able to work something out if there was absolutely no space in Felix's human bloodline, but since there is, I believe that it's possible to make some arrangements to fit another bloodline.'

'So, you are planning to manipulate with his 1% human bloodline? The core of his existence?' Carbuncle shook his head, 'Even I know that is a very, very bad idea.'

Carbuncle was the most chill of all the tenants as he honestly really didn't care as much about Felix's life as the others.

However, he still understood that if Lady Sphinx went with this path, there a pretty much a certain chance of it going sideways and causing Felix's body to end up collapsing again.

'That's why I had no plans of telling anyone about this.' Lady Sphinx stated, 'I will be running my own experiments on his clone with the same conditions and see if it was possible to find a way out. If not, we won't be losing anything.'

'You do you, I guess...Just be careful and 100% certain this time that no complexions will arise in the future.' Carbuncle returned to chilling on the ocean after sharing his take.

He had no plans of telling the others about this since it would do nothing but give them false hope.

What's worse, it might make Felix desire to seek this solution regardless of the situation.

In other words, it was better to leave him accepting that his bloodline path had reached its end to prepare for the origin realm.

If Lady Sphinx had some good news, she would share them and it would seem like a gift to Felix.

If she failed, no one would know about it and Felix could continue with his preparation...

...Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The Next Morning...

Felix could be seen sitting on the floor of his UVR's room while using his wisdom eyes to read through the runic pages of an unmastered greater spatial spell.

He had already put his frustration of yesterday behind him and gotten back on the saddle by exploring his mutations.

"You sure it can help me see through the rune's complexity and master them much quicker? I feel nothing..." Felix mumbled as he kept scanning the runic sentences before him.

He was told that one of the main reasons why Lord Shiva's third eye was called the wisdom eye was due to its ability to get rid of complexities in life and simplify them to their basic form!

This meant that it would be possible to facilitate problem-solving since those issues were difficult only because they were too complicated and convoluted.

When stripped away of this and they present themselves in a much simpler manner, the mind would be able to solve them almost instantaneously.

It was like a simple math equation...It looked difficult and complex to the general view, but before math students, it was the same as 1+1.

Those same students would be completely thrown off in front of a complex equation written by highly intelligent math professors...But in the eyes of those professors? The solution was as easy as it could get.

In the case of Felix, he utilized his wisdom eyes to see if they could help him with his garbage talent at dealing with complex runic spells...But so far, nothing much changed and those runic pages still seemed as gibberish as always in his eyes.

He understood the language, but he just couldn't understand its true meaning as it was beyond his comprehension.

"Try something else...Maybe you are just too stupid when it comes to runic spells and not even the wisdom eye can help you." Asna insulted him lazily.

"Don't you have a movie or something to watch?" Felix shooed her away in annoyance.

Though, he really started to believe that she might have a point as he had been either cheating his way to master runic spells or spending years of his time on just one lesser space.

Meanwhile, Selphie was eating through time spells like they were candy.

"I must figure out how it works." Felix narrowed his eyes in concentration, "It will revolutionize my runic spells mastery and even elemental manipulations!"