Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Unfortunately, Felix failed at using his wisdom eyes even when he had spent multiple hours on them...He had tried everything to make them work but to avail.

His masters didn't help him out as they also were clueless about how it worked.

"I guess I have to wait until I awaken Lord Shiva and ask him about it." Felix sighed in frustration.

He really wanted to take advantage of them as soon as possible to boost his training speed in all areas.

"You better hope that he tells you about it." Thor remarked, "No one knows what goes into the mind of that unhinged madman."

"Let's hope so."

...

Sometime later, Felix could be seen having multiple holograms opened in front of him...He was focusing on the one in the center while munching on a green apple.

The hologram was showing more than ten empyrean games that were happening this year. Most of them had an average rank of four hundred to three hundred.

Only two games had an average rank of top hundred and top fifty.

"If I want to collect enough empyrean points to get ranked as the eleventh, I really need to choose only games with an average rank of a hundred of a fifty." 

With Felix skipping more than sixteen years worth of games, his rank had taken a massive hit.

However, he didn't really care that much about this since the ranking system wasn't locked as he could choose any games out of any rank he wanted and he would even be rewarded with multipliers to his total points.

Right now, his rank was around the four hundred, and if he chose games of an average rank of the top hundred or top fifty, he would be given a multiplier for every hundred ranks he skipped.

This meant he would be getting at least x6 multiplier and x8 multiplier for the top fifty games!

"It's best to not waste my time on anything below the top fifty." Felix said as he pressed on the game's details for this rank.

The only information he was given was the date, the participants' number, and the game's format.

"Eight participants, one month from now, and a lifestyle format? Interesting."

Felix wasn't expecting the lifestyle format in such a high-level game as he knew that the participants would be mostly either the strongest race leaders or the strongest fighters of such races.

After all, there were merely forty players in this level since the top ten supremes weren't involved in empyrean games anymore.

The only way for them to get involved was through a direct challenge from those below them.

"Are you sure about choosing this game? Your rank average is considered too low." Queen Ai warned after Felix tried to add his name to the participants' list.

"Yes."

After getting his confirmation, Queen Ai didn't bother him any longer and signed him up with the already registered six players.

If it was someone else, they would have needed a test, but not Felix. He already shared some information about his strength with Queen Ai, allowing her to judge him to be worthy to join those monsters.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Although only one spot left, Felix wasn't too certain that it was going to be filled up in due time since those top forty players were too busy to participate in such games on yearly basis.

Most of them only enter a game when their rank was dropped by one or two at max...This usually led to those games being canceled when the quota wasn't fulfilled.

However, beyond Felix's expectation, it didn't take even a couple of days before he got notified that the list was completed!

"I guess this is happening." Felix smiled with a pleased expression.

Since no one was given information about the participants' list, the public only knew that a month from now, there was going to be one of the most heated and high-level games happening this year.

No one planned on missing it!

If only they knew that Felix was going to be in it, the universe would be thrown into complete hysteria as his long disappearance made almost everyone assume that he either give up or killed himself due to the immense grief.

'Felix, there is going to be a meeting between the ten rulers to discuss the possibility of exploring beyond the great void again.' Candace suddenly informed, 'Will you attend it, or should I represent you?'

"Another exploration attempt? Interesting." Felix rubbed his chin in intrigue.

"So?"

"You can rest, I will take this one." Felix anwsered.

"Alright." Candace informed him, "The meeting will be held in two days."

"Thanks."

***

Two days later...

Felix received the invitation link to join the ten rulers' assembly while he was eating his breakfast.

He pushed the hologram to the side and continued eating his food for the next five minutes. After he was done, he wiped his mouth and clicked on the link, causing him to break into light particles.

When he opened his eyes, he found himself sitting on one of the ten highest platforms that were connected to the heavenly staircase.

"Felix?"

"Hmm? Landlord?"

"Is it really him?"

His sudden appearance had caught everyone by surprise as they couldn't recognize him one bit.

He had gone through a drastic change in both appearance and maturity as he had lived for more than a millennium.

Felix ignored them and kept his eyes focused on the thousands and thousands of unfortunate desperate people attempting to climb the staircase to change their fate.

'Life is really peculiar.' Felix murmured with a faint forced smile as he couldn't remember the day he was called to climb the same staircase to meet those deities.

He ignored their attempt to humiliate him, knowing deep down that he was going to reach this stage sooner or later.

Look at him now, sitting amongst them like that day had never happened before.

"Felix!" 

Felix broke out of his absentmindedness after hearing Queen Allura calling on him again.

He turned to look at her and greeted her with a polite smile, "It's been a while senior sister."

'It's really him.'

High Chieftain Lokaka frowned as he could feel a sense of dread arising from the bottom of his soul at the sight of Felix.

It was like his own body was warning him to never get on Felix's bad side...This sort of feeling was extremely rare to him as he felt it only against Elder Dragon and the primogenitors.

He never expected in his life that a human would make him feel this way, and definitely not so soon.

After the pleasantries were shared between him and his senior sister, Empress Scarlet asked with a gentle tone, "Are you feeling better now?"

"Much better." Felix nodded with a polite smile as she knew that she was asking about his condition after the destruction of his planet and the wipeout of his people.

"Good." Empress Scarlet offered with good intentions, "If you need assistance to process the pain faster, I am happy to help."

"Thank you, but I am managing on my own." Felix rejected her politely.

He knew that she was one of the best masters in terms of mental control as she was better than even some primogenitors in this domain!

So, if she said that she could help, he knew that it was more than possible to make him completely get rid of his guilt without any consequences...Still, he rejected her as he didn't want her poking into his mind.

Empress Scarlet smiled at his response and never brought this matter again.

"Enough about me, I have heard that you guys are interested in another exploration attempt of beyond the great void." Felix asked with a curious tone, "Do you have any new methods, leads, or something to make the exploration succeed this time?"

"Empress Emily's researchers have devised a new technology that can allow us to manifest an almost exact 3D replica of an object by using only light regardless of the distance." Queen Alfreda responded with a composed tone.

"I see...You think it's possible to use this device to map out a planet on the other side and connect it with our side by using a wormhole?" Felix expressed.

"Something like that." Emperor Lokhil nodded in agreement without an ounce of dissatisfaction or displeasure on his face.

If one could see him, they would never guess that he was against adding the void nation to the alliance and even almost had a fallout with Felix in the process.

It was clear to Felix that he had changed his mind about the void nation and was now on their side. He didn't care if he took this path after finding out that the void nation was just too useful to the alliance or because of his fear to become their enemy.

Whatever it was, Felix had no intentions of holding any grievance between them in his heart.

How could he when he had stolen their Nethersteel and used it for his divine weapon?

"When will this expedition take place? Who will be in it?" Felix asked.

"That's what we will be discussing." Queen Alfreda said, "We are just waiting for Elder Dragon to join us."

Speak of the devil and he shall appear as the moment his name was brought up, Elder Dragon Berserth appeared on his throne that was slightly higher than all of them.

He had an indifferent cold expression as his head rested on his hand like a god gracing his presence to his loyal worshipers.

When he sensed Felix's presence, he glanced at him with a nonchalant look...Then, he taunted with a flat tone, "You finally stopped crying?"