Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Felix ended up dropping the subject after another failed attempt and refocused on the rulers' discussion...It took them a couple of hours to finish structuring a contract that was approved by all of them.

"Let's end this with a final vote." Queen Alfreda raised her hand and asked, "Who agrees to all the conditions in the contract?"

Everyone raised their hands in agreement but Elder Dragon...No one cared about it since decisions were agreed upon based on the number of votes.

"I guess this is all, you are excused." Queen Alfreda nodded in appreciation for everyone's work and then teleported away.

The others followed suit one by one until only Felix, Elder Dragon, and Queen Allura were left behind.

'Senior sister, you can leave. I will be fine.' Felix said with a carefree smile.

'Alright, just don't fall into his taunts.'

Queen Allura nodded while narrowing her eyes at Elder Dragon, knowing that he remained behind to continue his conversation with Felix.

Elder Dragon ignored her look and waited until she teleported away. When only two of them remained, a deafening disturbing silence engulfed the assembly. 

None of them spoke, acted, or even looked at the other in a bad way...They just kept staring at each other with indifferent expressions, seemingly unaffected by each other's status.

"You have grown bolder. You weren't able to even look at him in the eyes for a prolonged period before."

In the end, Elder Dragon broke the silence.

"Unfortunately, you are still the same." Felix replied.

Elder Dragon seemed to not have taken his words to heart as he didn't react at all...He just kept looking at Felix like a wolf staring at a lost lamb.

"You're really in great luck to have such respectful masters backing you up." Elder Dragon shook his head before starting to break into light particles.

He realized that it was useless to bicker and waste his time on Felix when he knew that he couldn't do anything to him...He was given permission to come at Felix only when he managed to reach the same level of strength as him.

Till this point, he still thought of that as a mere excuse to protect their student forever from him.

"Don't be dejected, I will be coming for you sooner than you anticipated." Felix requested with a flat tone, "So, I really wish that you get rid of your rustiness as I don't want any excuses to arise when I wipe the floor with you in front of the entire alliance."

"..."

Elder Dragon wasn't able to respond to Felix's insane challenge statement as his body disappeared the moment Felix finished his speech.

However, Felix managed to look at the utter amusement in his eyes as if he had just heard the greatest joke in his life.

"Let's see if you will keep that clown attitude when I put my foot on top of your corpse." Felix sneered coldly before exiting the assembly at last.

...

One month later...Five minutes before the game's details get announced.

Felix could be seen sitting on the floor of his training hall inside his spaceship...His upper body was nude and sweating buckets, creating a small pool near his crossed legs.

"30% at last." Felix exhaled deeply as he fell on his back, completely relaxed. He spent the past month pushing his integration by 1% every three days.

It was much slower than what he used before, but Felix didn't dare attempt more than 2% each time.

After all, Lord Shiva's bloodline had proved that it was way too aggressive in its integration process and Felix would be a fool to put himself in that hellish experience before.

Felix collected his integration tools and teleported to the shower to clean himself...When he was done, his AP bracelet started vibrating like there was no tomorrow.

Felix didn't need to glance at it to know that the details about his game had gone public.

"Damn, the entire network is going crazy because of you." Asna remarked with a wide smile as she watched Felix's name get put next to every new article in the past ten minutes.

It was mandatory for news outlets, social media influencers, reporters, and such to write a piece on him as his existence equaled free clicks.

"Let them be." Felix didn't bother to even take a peak at the network.

He went straight to the empyrean tab, and he was faced with a massive advertisement for his own game. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

His eyelids couldn't help but twitch after noticing that his face was much bigger than the other participants, who weren't nobodies either!

He recognized them as they were all leaders of the inner circle besides one.

"This is really going to be an interesting game."

Felix skipped the advertisement and  went to read the version specified for the players.

When he clicked on it, a side hologram appeared with the game details.

// Game Platform: Individual Supremacy Games Platform 

Game Format: Lifestyle

Game Name: The Forgotten Chasm

Participants Number: 10

Strength Allowed (Human Race System): Unlimited.

Items Allowed: Nano-based items, symbiote-based items, potions, scrolls, and artifacts (Limited to Legendary)

Prize Pool: Nanosuit V10, Necrolight Lance (Epic Artifact), Potion of Glory (Rank 5), Meteor Shower Scroll (Legendary grade).

Rules of the game:

1) All the players will be teleported above the digging site leading to the Whistling Chasm.

2) Players will be divided into five teams made up of two players each.

3) The chasm is filled with minerals of all rarities, ranging from Dark, Unclear, Clear, and Perfect.

4) Each mineral has its method to be obtained, depending on its rarity.

5) Dark minerals require only brute force to be mined but at the same time, they are fragile and easily destroyed. Unclear minerals require a delicate mining process with proper tools. Clear minerals require players to finish unique sets of challenges in different dimensions to obtain them. Last but not least, perfect minerals are obtainable only at the bottom of the chasm and there are no requirements to harvest them.

6) Each mineral harvested provides a set of empyrean points, ranging from 0.1 EP to 50 EPs depending on the rarity and size of each mineral.

7) Minerals can not be stored within spatial cards or any spatial items. One player of each team must be in touch with them at all times. (Separation duration is 30 seconds before a penalty is presented for both teammates.)

8) Penalties range from a 20% reduction of mined minerals to disqualification after the third penalty.

9) Each player will be given a bag to place the minerals inside...This bag is indestructible from all sources and capable of expanding ten times its size.

10) Players are allowed to steal each other's minerals without repercussions.

11) Players are banned from using mass-destruction abilities for the integrity of the game's area.

12) Be warned, the chasm has its own master and residents...

13) The game will last for twelve hours.

14) The team with the most empyrean points will be proclaimed as the winner.

15) The player with the most empyrean points will be proclaimed as the MVP.

For more information, please open up your SG interface.

Good luck to all participants//

"Hahahaha! You went through more than one thousand years of training to become a miner in a game...This is hilarious!" Asna laughed out loud while holding her stomach.

"I expected as much to be honest." Felix chuckled.

"How so?"

"People believe that the higher status of players, the more dignified the games get to give respect to those players." Felix shook his head, "But, it's actually the opposite. The top forty players are mostly given games that have as little conflict as possible to avoid unnecessary deaths. After all, most of those players are considered inner circle leaders of the alliance and it would be a horrible idea to put them in a game that requires them to kill each other to win it."

"Isn't that somewhat lame?" Asna remarked with a dissatisfied tone.

"Not really." Felix added, "Since those players are mostly leaders, it means that they have entire races backing them and supporting them in their fights. So, they really didn't care about the game design as long as they had the opportunity to watch their kings and queens fight for the honor of their race."

In other words, those games could be viewed as more of an exhibition game and the participants knew this as well and acted accordingly.

No one wanted to die and at the same time, they didn't want to lose their rank...So, the games enable them to farm empyrean points without much of a conflict unless they actually saught it voluntarily.

"You aren't going to play ball, right?"

"Me?" Felix showed an honest smile, "I will play like I always do to secure my win."

"That's what I like to hear."

Asna grinned, knowing that Felix had no intentions of going soft with anyone if it meant his chances of securing his win would be affected!