Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The first thing that Felix did was open the participants' list even though he already knew about his opponents through the advertisements.

//

Giants' Champion Mossa(Giants Race): Empyrean Rank 45/Winrate 94.9%

Ionians' Lord Inozuka(Ionian Race): Empyrean Rank 21/Winrate 96.42%

The Spider Kin's Princess Maeralya(Spider Kin Race): Empyrean Rank 18/Winrate 98.2%

Unpaid Landlord(Human Race) Empyrean Rank 433/Winrate 100%

Shadowborn Ruler Hogan(Shadowborn Race): Empyrean Rank 16/Winrate 98.33%

Knight Guard N1(Hive Race): Empyrean Rank 30/Winrate 95.87%

The Pandion's High Honor Jara(Pandion Race): Empyrean Rank 15/Winrate 98.87%

The Werewolves King Treznor(Werewolf Race) Empyrean Rank 14/Winrate 99%//

The players' list was packed with heavy hitters that would make anyone feel wet just by the thought of spectating a game that involved them all!

"I'm paired with princess Maeralya." Felix said with a composed tone, "It could have been better with Treznor or Jara, but whatever."

He was at a different plane of strength that made him unaffected by almost any decision made in the games.

In fact, he would have rather been given the choice to play solo as it would free him from any responsibilities of his teammate.

"You can still play solo in this game." Asna remarked, "Both of you will get bags, and the penalty is given only if both of you weren't in contact with the minerals."

"Indeed." Felix knew that even if princess Maeralya wanted to sabotage him, she couldn't pull it off as long as he was in contact with his own minerals.

This implied that both parties could head in their own directions and never meet again until the end of the game, where their collection of minerals would be transformed into empyrean points.

The total of their empyrean points would decide if they won or not...As for the MVP title? It would still be given to the individual who had the most minerals on him.

"Wouldn't everyone play solo like this to avoid friction at the end?" Candace asked.

"Only if they decided to never pay a visit to the bottom of the chasm." Felix replied with a serious tone.

"Why?" Asna wondered.

She knew that none of those authoritative figures would ignore mining Perfect minerals since they give the highest amount of empyrean points...However, their location was at the bottom of the chasm.

"It's because of the chasms' current residents and master." Felix shared as he displayed an old holographic article related to the Whistling Chasm.

"Eww, what are those worms?"

Asna was disgusted after seeing the pictures of hideous giant brown worms...The smallest one stretched for tens of meters!

"These are the Whistling Giant Worms. They have been found living at the bottom of the chasm when the miners reached it. They were extremely deadly to the point, just one of them had caused a massacre of more than thousands of miners."

"After this incident, the mine was closed shut temporarily until the worms were taken care of." Felix shook his head, "Unfortunately, nothing worked against those worms as they were considered as immortals with their insane rejuvenation and resistance to almost all elements."

"So, they decided to give up on the mine and just blew it up to eradicate them."

"Did they succeed? Is that why it's called the Forgotten Chasm?" Asna asked in intrigue.

"They did succeed in killing most of the worms with explosions and burying the entire mining site." Felix highlighted another article and said, "Too bad, none of them knew that this would end up awakening the chasm's master."

"Oh, dear..." Asna raised an eyebrow in surprise at the horrific video in the article.

It was showing a worm monster that was hundreds of kilometers in size with a serpentine mass, coiling and undulating across the landscape like a living mountain range!!

Its skin was slimy and covered in mucus, with bulging veins running beneath the surface.

The creature's head was massive, with a gaping maw full of sharp teeth capable of crushing even the largest structures. Its eyes were large and glowing, allowing it to see for vast distances.

Its body was segmented, with each section capable of moving independently, allowing it to writhe and twist in unnatural ways!

It seemed unharmed and unaffected even when powerful nukes were thrown to the bottom of the chasm!

Sssssssssssssssss!

The video was cut short as the one taking it got blown out into a cloud of blood after he was hit with a low-pitched sonic boom coming from the chasm's master!

It merely screamed and everyone in hundred kilometers radius of the chasm was killed off immediately...

"This is the reason why it's called the Forgotten Chasm nowadays." Felix stated with a serious tone, "No one dares to get close to the entire planet with this creature residing in it."

"It is still alive to this day? The alliance didn't take care of it?" Asna was confused by this...She could understand the planet's citizens failing to handle it, but not the alliance.

"Whether poisoning, explosions or even sending down spatial worms to slice it up. Nothing worked as it was found out to have immunities to most elements and the ability to revive itself no matter how much it was sliced apart." Felix anwsered, "The only way found to kill it is by sending down powerful beings like Elder Dragon or just blowing the entire planet."

It was obvious that such powerful beings wouldn't bother themselves to handle it. As for using a planet destroyer weapon for its sake? It beat the purpose as its death was meant to help the citizens return to their homes and feel at peace.

Since it never bothered to leave underground and didn't seem hostile unless it was aggravated, this matter ended up being dropped by the alliance as they had other priorities to focus on.

"If it's so dangerous, why is it kept in this game?" Asna wondered, "I thought this is supposed to be an exhibition game on the low."

"Exhibition game or not, it doesn't mean that those leaders aren't going to be given a real challenge to get more empyrean points." Felix anwsered.

In other words, if they wanted to just chill and farm some empyrean points, they only needed to avoid the bottom of the chasm, where its master was residing.

If they greed for more, they could do so at their own risk.

...

Sometime later, Felix was reached out by princess Maeralya through an email, seeking a meeting to discuss their preparation and game plan.

Since Felix wasn't planning on teaming up with her for real, he told her of his motives from the start to avoid any friction.

Felix didn't know how did princess Maeralya take the news in real life as her reply was a short statement of agreement.

'As long as she agrees.'

Felix put down the subject and refocused on creating the best plan to get himself as many empyrean points as possible.

Meanwhile, his masters were in a meeting with the primogenitors to discuss the terms of the bets for this game as everyone was represented by a primogenitor...Even the giants' champion Mossa.

"Just tell us, what bloodline did he use? Is it Lord Shiva's bloodline? It has to be. He has similar mutations." Kumiho said with a curious tone as she stared at Felix's masters.

"You will find out in the game. Now, are you going to place a bet or not?" Thor replied with an annoyed tone.

Ever since the start of the meeting, she had been trying her best to find out about Felix's new bloodline after his appearance changed.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Since the skin color, cracks, and even hair color matched with Lord Shiva, everyone had a strong inclination that he had used his bloodline.

"You guys are really quite ballsy to pick his bloodline even after what happened." Erebus commentated, "Aren't you worried that it might displease the elemental lords?"

"They have no business with what we do to our student." Lady Sphinx said calmly, "Now, are you going to finalize the bet or keep wasting our time with this subject?"

"No need to be this b*tchy about it, we were just trying to give you a piece of advice." Kumiho said with an irritated tone.

The other primogenitors gave Felix's masters similar looks, but no one brought out the subject again...

From their looks, it was obvious that Lord Shiva hadn't left the best impression on them as even his bloodline was enough to irk such a negative reaction...