Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Days went by and before long, only a couple of minutes left for the game to start.

While Felix was playing poker with the tenants to keep the tradition alive, the network was absolutely going wild because of this game.

Just the live concurrent viewers had already surpassed hundreds of trillions and it was believed that the amount should be tripled at least if illegal streaming services were counted!

This made the game be considered the biggest event in the past century and it was all because of Felix's involvement as the human race's numbers were simply unfathomable!

'Sir Felix, you will be teleported to the game hall in two minutes.' Queen Ai notified.

"You heard her, I am out."

Felix threw his trashy cards on the table and exited the consciousness space, knowing that his absence wouldn't be noticed as he was always getting destroyed in poker against them.

After waiting two minutes in silence, his body began breaking into light particles automatically.

A split second later, Felix found himself in the exact same ancient ballroom hall from his first-ever game!

It was a grand and majestic space, with high ceilings that seemed to reach up to the heavens. The walls were adorned with intricate gold-leaf detailing, and the polished wooden floors gleamed in the soft light of the crystal chandeliers overhead.

At the far end of the room, a stage was set up for musicians to play, but it had only one podium on it.

"King Maxwell! It's great to finally see you again!"

Felix's focus was shifted from the hall to the Werewolves King Treznor after hearing his distinguishable rough and loud voice.

He was coming at him with a sincere wide grin and an extended giant hand.

"The pleasure is mine, King Treznor." Felix shook his extended hand with a polite smile.

He knew that King Treznor wasn't faking his sincerity as both of their nations were now close-tied allies after he gifted them with the entire vampires' territory without anything in return.

For the past sixteen years, the werewolves had demonstrated their loyalty to their friendship as they had taken extra steps to help out even the human race with all sorts of issues.

"It's really an unfortunate situation for us not to get teamed up with each other." King Treznor sighed in frustration, "I really hoped to be able to fight alongside you one day."

"The day will come eventually." Felix smiled.

"King Maxwell, I hope we have a nice friendly game between us." Ionian lord Inozuma suddenly interjected in their conversation with an amiable expression.

Unlike most Ionians, he resembled a bizarre gigantic humanoid vulture.

Even though he had an amiable expression, he still appeared like an unsettling monster with a wingspan of about ten meters.

His body was coated in matted, black feathers that appeared to absorb all incoming light. He had two unfathomable, inky black eyes, and his hooked beak shone in under the chandeliers' light.

"I won't be making any promises." Felix replied with a faint smile, "Unlike you guys, I am ranked at bottom of the list and if I want to climb to my rightful position, I have to work extra hard."

Although Felix's tone was polite and calming, his underlying statements were nothing but that.

The Pandion's High Honor Jara, Giants' Champion Mossa, and Shadowborns Ruler Hogan couldn't help but knit their eyebrows deeply at what he said.

It clicked right away in their minds that Felix was giving them a gentle warning that he was planning to go all out in this game for the sake of climbing faster.

This meant he was most definitely going to be seeking conflicts to steal their minerals as that was the fastest method to get more empyrean points!

"Are you sure about this?" Ionians' Lord Inozuma asked with narrowed eyes, seemingly trying to imply that it was best for Felix to change his attitude.

The atmosphere had gotten a bit stale and stiffened as everyone but princess Maeralya and King Treznor had released some of their spiritual pressure in direction of Felix to help him make the right decision.

"Yes."

Felix replied bluntly, not bothering to even use his spiritual pressure to counter theirs!

'Impossible...'

'How did he reach this stage?'

'Is he already on the ten rulers' league?' 

This stunned them a little as they knew that it would be impossible to pull this off unless his spiritual pressure was a league above theirs!

There was no one above them but the ten rulers...Obviously, utility-based rulers weren't considered.

"I see...Good luck in your endeavor then."

Ionians' Lord Inozuma excused himself and went to group up with his teammate, which was Shadowborn Ruler Hogan.

'This changes everything.' He said with a solemn tone.

'Indeed, if just one of us isn't going to play ball, then this won't be an exhibition game anymore.' Ruler Hogan nodded.

Everyone knew this, which made them change their attitude completely.

'Did you really have to do that? You could have just lied instead of putting a giant target on our back.' Princess Maeralya said with an irked tone as she stared at Felix from the other side of the hall.

'I didn't want to hear their complaints that I have taken advantage of the situation to get the best of them.' Felix said with a flat tone, 'Secondly, I have put a target on my back alone as I already told you that I have no intentions of being a team player.'

'Tsk, you have really gotten too cocky after beating the Duchess.' Princess Maeralya snorted, 'Just don't regret it later on as no one here is less fearsome than her.'

Felix didn't respond but he also knew that she was right...Duchess Alina might have been ranked higher than them, but this wasn't evidence of a massive power difference at all.

That's because the ranks between ten and fifty were extremely close in terms of points difference.

This meant Duchess Alina could become ranked twenty easily after losing just two games...Vice versa was correct too.

Still, this didn't faze Felix one bit.

Pooof!

"Hayaa everyone. I am Miss Rose and I was appointed as the judge." 

Abruptly, a gorgeous female spirit fox manifested in front of the podium and greeted everyone with a friendly smile.

She was lean and tall, her rust-colored fur glistening under the chandeliers' light. Her long, pointed ears twitched as she scanned her surroundings, her eyes a bright, piercing green.

Her face was slender and fox-like, with a black nose and sharp, white teeth peeking out from between her lips.

She wore a simple leather tunic that showed off her toned arms and legs, and her tail flicked back and forth behind her as she moved.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Let's talk later."

King Treznor patted Felix on his shoulder and returned to his teammate who was the Pandion High Honor Jara.

"Do you have any questions for me?"

"How strong did the committee make the chasm's master?" Ionians' Lord Inozuma inquired.

Although he was part of the inner circle leaders, he didn't have much control or authority over the SG Committee.

In fact, even the ten rulers didn't have authority over them unless their decisions were unanimous and approved by Queen Ai.

It was done like this so no one would be able to manipulate the games' design, rewards, and such.

"It has a similar strength to the real thing when it was first discovered."

"They really want us to work for those points, huh."

Her answer didn't please anyone as it made them understand that if they desired to mine perfect minerals, they better bring their 'A' game with them.

"Since King Maxwell has an x8 multiplier from the start, doesn't this mean that he is bound to win the game as long as he puts in a bit of effort?" Giants' Champion Mossa huffed through his nostrils, "Isn't that a bit too unfair?"

Although the participants considered this game as an exhibition game before, it didn't mean that there wouldn't be rankings in it...Just like God's Raid game, there would be the upper 50% and the bottom 50%.

The top half would get their points increased and the bottom half would get either their points decreased or break even.

"Well, his situation is a bit unique as there is no returnee system in the empyrean games to make him skip the ranks. Since his strength doesn't correlate with his rank, the system is working in his favor to fix his situation as fast as possible." Miss Ross anwsered as she looked at Felix with a charming smile.

"Tsk, it still feels like getting in this game is meaningless when the winner is already decided." Giants Champion Mossa wasn't too pleased with her answer even though it made the most sense.

"If you are unhappy, you can always eliminate him early." King Treznor sneered, "Or what? Is that too much for you?"