That was enough to shut him up as Giants' Champion Mossa wasn't stupid to seek to challenge Felix when he had just demonstrated that his spiritual pressure was a league above theirs.

So, he swallowed his indignation and didn't bring up this subject again.

"Any more questions?"

"Do we get anything if we took out the chasm's master?" Shadowborn Ruler Hogan asked with a curious tone.

He really didn't care much about rewards or titles. However, if slaying chasm's master rewarded with empyrean points, then it was a different story.

"You will be getting a unique title called The Avenger and most importantly, two hundred empyrean points." Miss Rose added, "By the way, you will be getting five empyrean points for each Whissling Worm slayed."

This information made everyone change their attitude when it came to dealing with the worms. They planned before on just ignoring them unless they assaulted them, but now? Everyone was preparing to hunt them down!

"I guess that's all...I will be seeing you in the stadium."

Seeing that no one spoke again, Miss Rose took her exit and left them to their own devices.

For the next half an hour, everyone remained next to their teammates but Felix and Princess Maeralya.

When the duration was about to end, Felix sent a warning to King Treznor, 'It's best if you protected yourself with an icy armor at all times.'

'Hmm? What do you mean.' King Treznor was confused.

'Good luck.' Felix wished as his body began breaking into light particles, completely ignoring his question.

...

LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!!...

Just like always, the moment Felix opened his eyes, he was met with the extraordinary and chill-rising sight of his fans stacked up akin to sardines in the seating areas while chanting his name at the top of their lungs!

"Louder! Louder! Louder!!"

His agent and number one fan Emma could be seen championing armies of Felix's fans, who were all wearing his merchandise of all types and shapes, making them resemble multiple versions of Felix in his past.

Most of them were seen wearing blue-haired braided wigs and carrying tentacles toys in their hands as they waved them around proudly, seemingly trying their best to relate to their idol.

Alas, when they saw his new appearance and the drastic change he went through, every one of them felt like they were cheering for a completely different player!

"The hell?"

"Who the f*ck is that?!"

"Is that really our Lord?!"

Some of them even began to question if that was really Felix or someone sharing the same name as him and they were bamboozled into paying for tickets for a different player.

Their doubts were soon cleared after Miss Rose introduced those players one by one with their full honorable names.

This time, no one felt an ounce of charm coming from Felix as his new devilish appearance was just too intimidating, making everyone feel like they were staring at the devil himself.

Unfortunately, there was no interview segment to help them clear their doubts about Felix since Miss Rose didn't dare to interview such authoritative figures for the sake of entertainment.

So, after she concluded with the introduction, she kicked off the game right away by teleporting everyone above the chasm.

It was a deep circular canyon with hundreds of layers, resembling roadways for machinery to travel on. This was the open pit of the chasm, where the earliest part of mining happened.

At the very bottom of the open pit, there was a giant dark hole that resembled a sink...That was the entry to the Forgotten chasm.

The environment nearby was harsh and barren, with bad weather conditions and rugged terrain...Felix and the rest of the players were teleported to different locations at the very top of the open pit.

"You have one minute grace period before you can start attacking each other." Miss Rose asked, "All ready?"

The moment she saw everyone nod their heads, she kicked off the countdown, making the spectators join her.

"Five...Four...Three..."

Felix glanced at Princess Maeralya and advised with a flat tone, 'It's best that you remain here for the next six hours.'

'Huh? Why would I do that?' Princess Maeralya scoffed, 'I don't care what you do, just don't interfere in my plans.'

'As you wish.'

"Two...One! Go!!"

Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh!

Before the last octave could reach the spectators' ears, the players had already taken off akin to a storm, leaving behind them utter destruction!

This resulted in dust clouds arising in the open pit, which blocked the spectators' view...This caused them to miss the sight of the players disappearing through the chasm's hole.

When the dust settled, Miss Rose and the spectators were taken back by the image of Felix sitting on his location with his legs crossed and an apple in his hand.

He was eating it with an indifferent expression as he stared at the chasm's hole, seeming like he wasn't in rush whatsoever.

"What's your boy planning now?" Erebus asked with his eyes narrowed at Felix's masters.

His champions' previous losses against Felix had taught him a valuable lesson that he never underestimate his opponents and most definitely never made an action without meaning.

"You will find out eventually." Thor grinned slightly, causing Erebus' eyelids to twitch in annoyance.

"Is Landlord waiting for the grace period to end before entry?" Miss Rose guessed, "This is really a good decision as it enables him to avoid any friction with other teams. Though, this will cause him to lag behind and potentially lose out on the free minerals."Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

The other players didn't rush at the top of their speed without a reason.

They knew that being the first gave them the advantage of mining the easiest mineral before others. When they get most of them, they could then focus on the difficult ones.

When Miss Rose changed the focus of the main camera to Shadowborn Ruler Hogan and Ionians' Lord Inozuma, this was exactly what was shown to everyone.

Both of them were using their unique visions to locate the ores inside the walls of humongous cylinder-like tunnels and mine them by using their abilities.

Since they were still near the surface, the minerals were graded as unclean, forcing them to use gentle touches to avoid breaking them apart.

This was happening in other tunnels too as each team had chosen a different tunnel from the other.

The chasm's hole was connected to ten tunnels, which made it possible to keep them separated at the start without issues.

"Grace period has ended!" The moment one minute passed, Miss Rose refocused the camera on Felix with a look of anticipation that was shared by most of the viewers.

Alas, those looks of anticipation soon turned into confusion as Felix still didn't budge an inch. In fact, he beamed a fruit basket and was enjoying its deliciousness without a care in the world!

"This...What is he doing?"

Miss Rose was baffled as she had no more guesses about Felix's motives. Unfortunately, no one was able to help her out since they were just as lost.

Seconds went by and then minutes...Before long, more than half an hour had gone by and the only change that happened near Felix was the fruit basket being emptied.

Miss Rose checked on him once in a while through his personal screen, but never placed him again in the big one since no one was interested in watching him eating fruits for hours while the others were playing the game properly.

"Unexpectedly, Knight Guardian N1 and Giants' Champion Mossa are taking the lead in terms of empyrean points!" Miss Rose commentated.

Knight Guardian N1 was using his insane mental prowess to control the whistling worms like pets, helping him dig through new areas to locate much rarer minerals.

This strategy was amazing since minerals were the main source of food for those worms, which made them the perfect detectors.

"To be ranked as third even though she is the only one mining, Princess Maeralya really going the extra mile to carry her team."

Miss Rose switched the camera focus to Princess Maeralya, showing that she was using almost the exact method as Knight Guardian N1.

She was using them as minerals detectors, but through manipulating them with her silk strings. She was seen sitting on top of a worm while having thin silky strings implanted deep inside the worm's brain.

As the leader of the entire Spider Kin Race, her silk manipulation was already at an uncanny level.

With her intelligence being added to the mix, she was capable of using her silk strings to turn anyone into her puppet by controlling their brains!

This was one of the many abilities that made her a fearsome player worthy of being ranked as eighteen in the empyrean list.

Unfortunately, the others weren't to be underestimated as well. With more time passing by, Princess Mealrya kept losing her edge slowly until she was ranked last with Felix.

After all, the scoring wasn't counted individually, which made the other teams obtain more empyrean points in total than her.

'Motherf*cker, are you trying to throw the game and screw me with you?!' In the end, she couldn't hold her indignation anymore and cursed out Felix telepathically.

No one could blame him really, as the game had been going for more than five hours now and Felix had yet to touch a single mineral!!

Anyone would be livid to have such a useless teammate.

Felix ignored her complaints and carried on chilling in the open.

While the viewers and players thought that Felix was merely wasting time, he was actually doing something that no one thought was possible.

Mapping the interior of the chasm!!

'He went there, looks like there is another tunnel.'

Felix spoke with himself as he used his wisdom eyes to observe the movements of all the players inside the chasm.

Everyone used potions or other utilities that enabled them to completely mask themselves from their opponents' visions.

This would have worked against Felix if he still had only truth vision...But with evil vision? Their evil auras sold them away cheaply before him.

This allowed Felix to follow every direction and step they took inside the chasm and create an imaginary map in his head.

After six hours of doing this, Felix finally was satisfied with the end results.

'This should be enough to kickstart the plan.' 