Felix cast a levitation spell on himself and hovered in a steady manner toward the chasm's hole.

"Landlord is finally making his move!" 

His actions were noticed instantly by Miss Rose, making her focus the camera on him with an excited expression.

Some felt dread and some felt enthusiastic about what he was going to do...Everyone had waited patiently for six hours straight for something exciting and Felix didn't disappoint them.

"True Poison, Third level, Ragnarök's Sun." Felix uttered with a flat tone as he extended both of his hands in the air while he was hovering directly above the chasm's center.

Whoosh!

Dark purplish poisonous liquid surged from Felix's palms and began to revolve around a single point, creating a tiny condensed ball.

With more poisonous liquid being fed into it continuously, the sphere kept enlarging in size at an unprecedented speed!

In a couple of seconds, the sphere was already turned into a supermassive globe with a radius span of hundreds of meters!

It was at least double the size of the chasm's hole!

Yet still, Felix didn't seem to have plans of stopping as he kept increasing its size rapidly under the dumbfounded eyes of the viewers.

"Ragnarok's Sun...How?" Siren looked at Felix's masters with widened eyes, unable to believe the sight before her.

Her reaction was shared by all the primogenitors as every one of them knew that it was impossible for Felix to make such an unlogical breakthrough in his poison manipulation!

"It's been merely sixteen years...What the hell did you guys do?" Erebus asked.

"We did nothing, it's all due to his efforts." Jörmungandr anwsered honestly.

Erebus and the others were surprised by his answer as they knew that Jörmungandr wouldn't lie to them about such a thing.

If he didn't want to answer, he simply wouldn't as no one could pressure him.

Still, this didn't make sense in their eyes.

"You telling me he managed to master Ragnarok's Sun, an ability that took you a century to create, in sixteen years?" Kumiho snorted in annoyance, "You take us for idiots?"

"What can I say? He has a great master." Jörmungandr chuckled.

None of Felix's masters had any intentions of telling them that he had access to Elementals Galaxy since this could reach the Darkins' ears and create unwanted trouble for him.

Seeing that Felix's masters refused to clear their doubts, the primogenitors were forced to drop the subject for now and refocus on the game.

The first thing they saw was Ragnarok's Sun coming to completion after its radius reached a kilometer!

It might be just a one-kilometer radius, but this was a sphere of a pure liquified true poison of the third level!

This thing was an absolute killer weapon that would have put dread into the hearts of all spectators if they knew about its true horror.

"Crystalized Funnel."

Felix wasn't done as he manifested a gigantic dazzling crystalized funnel that had a mouth just as large as the chasm's hole.

Thud!!

Felix controlled it to lock tightly with the hole's walls until not a single dust particle was able to exit from the chasm.

Then, he lowered Ragnork's Sun until it was extremely close to the funnel's extended back, but not making direct contact with it.

"Don't tell me..."

Some of the viewers already began to formulate theories on Felix's plan while the majority were still watching with utter bafflement written on their faces.

With the preparation concluded Felix hovered next to Ragnarok's Sun and ordered calmly, "Release."

Whoosh!! Whoosh!!..

Ragnarok's Sun began to span rapidly around its axis while releasing great quantities of poisonous mist from the bottom and into the funnel!

The viewers weren't able to see it clearly from the surface due to the funnel, but when the camera switched to the chasm's interior, everyone felt chills course on their spines!

An imposing and alarming flood of purplish poisonous mist surged through three tunnels out of the ten connected to the chasm's hole!

The tunnels weren't small at all. Yet still, the poisonous mist wholly filled them up, making it almost impossible to see anything besides the mist.

"It can't be..."

What scared the viewers the most was the horrific sight of the poisonous mist flowing through only the tunnels that were taken by the other players!

It was like the poisonous mist was using a guiding system to target the players.

It wasn't farfetched to call it that since Felix had spent six hours mapping out the exact tunnels taken by his opponents.

Now, he was using this map in addition to his evil vision to seek out only his opponents, completely ignoring Princess Mealryra.

He did so on purpose since if he harmed her intentionally, he would be punished due to the rules. That's why he wanted her to stay next to him to avoid this from the start.

...

"Do you hear that?" Giant's Champion Mossa frowned as his ears kept twitching at a fast-approaching windy noise.

He might not have elemental manipulation like the others, but his physical strength and senses were so great, they would put the others to shame.

This enabled him to hear the poisonous mist even though there were still tens of kilometers of distance between them.

"I hear nothing." Knight Guard N1 replied expressionlessly and returned to his mining.

"I am telling you, I am hearing something." Giants Champion Mossa stressed.

"It might be another whistling worm."

"The noise is different...Forget it, I am going to check." Giants Champion Mossa cracked his shoulders and walked in direction of the noise.

He knew that it wasn't other players as no one would be able to get so close to them without being spotted by his senses.

Even Ruler Hogan would get located by him inside his shadow unless he completely negated any bad intentions towards him.

'Hmmm, why does it sound like a raging breeze?'

The closer Giants' Champion Mossa got to the source, the clearer the noise had gotten.

Before long, the noise seemed like it was just around the corner, making Gianst's Champion Mossa raise his guard to the limit.

WHOOOSH!!!!

"Huh?"

When he finally saw the source, he was left utterly stunned at the fast-approaching, raging poisonous misty storm!

In a split second, his cultivated instincts broke him out of his daze and made him prepare himself for impact.

He took a deep breath until his hairy chest resembled an inflated balloon, then he released it at once toward the raging poisonous storm.

WHOOOSH!!!

His breath was so strong, it created a terrifying tornado that clashed with the poisonous mist.

"It worked!" Miss Rose exclaimed as she eyed the two aggressive sets of energies attempting to overpower the other.

Alas, Giants' Champion Mossa was using merely his breath, which wasn't an infinite resource.

When it ended, he was forced to take another deep breath while the poisonous mist kept coming nonstop like it was being powered by a generator.

This wasn't far-fetched from reality as Ragnarok's Sun wasn't spinning for no reason.

It was turning the poisonous mist into a raging storm capable of pushing through anything instead of needing wind to carry it!

Giants' Champion Mossa had absolutely no chance of blocking this with merely his breath...After some failed attempts, he realized this truth as well, making him change his approach.

"Come!"

He challenged with a thunderous yell as he covered his entire body with a legendary protective armor that resembled what the Vikings used to wear.

The only difference was that the armor's openings were sealed with golden energy.

He carried two large wooden clubs that were also unique as the wood seemed to be shimmering with white light from within.

This entire wardrobe made Giants' Champion Mossa turn from a barbaric giant to one of the deities' warriors with a sacred mission of guarding them.

Whoooosh!!

The poisonous mist surged through him and continued on its path nonstop, not affecting him too much due to his legendary artifact armor.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Giants' Champion Mossa narrowed his eyes in great focus as he kept scanning around him within the poison, knowing the true threat was never the poison itself, but the creator.

"Come on out, Landlord!"

He called again as he swung his clubs around, clearing the area from the poison before it filled it up again like he did nothing.

Unbeknownst to him, Felix was still hovering near Ragnarok's Sun...He didn't seem to have a single intention of fighting Giants' Champion Mossa personally.

'Arise.' He commanded calmly.

Whoosh Whoosh!

Abruptly, the poisonous mist around Giants' Champion Mossa began to spin around him faster and faster until a circle was created with him in its center.

Before Giants' Champion Mossa could react, massive solidified poison warriors started to step out of the poison wall from every direction.

All of them were the same size as Giants' Champion Mossa and were carrying different weapons, making them seem just as menacing and scary as him!

Their expressions were cold and lifeless, making them seem like they had absolutely not a single thought in their minds.

Yet still, Giants' Champion Mossa felt goosebumps arising on his skin as he could sense their murderous intent like their sole reason for existence was to erase him!

'Kill him.' Felix ordered expressionlessly.