Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Giants' Champion Mossa had his clubs firmly in his grasp as he stood in the middle of the circle, seemingly not too nervous about getting approached by more than ten solidified poison warriors.

When the two sides faced one another, the atmosphere was tight with expectancy.

"DIE!"

Giants' Champion Mossa lifted his clubs and shouted a battle cry as the other poison warriors jumped him simultaneously.

BOOM!! BOOM!! BOOM!!

Even though the numbers were uneven, Giants' Champion Mossa still managed to hold his ground as with each swing of his club, one poison soldier ended up getting shattered into fragments.

Giants' Champion Mossa battled while moving with amazing speed and agility, evading and weaving. His clubs flashed left and right, killing his adversaries with lethal precision.

However, the moment he destroyed one poison warrior, two more emerge from the poisonous mist and charge at him with the same intensity!

"This is bad for the Giants Champion!" Miss Rose exclaimed, "His enemies will keep coming at him no matter how much he destroyed them! There is just so much poisonous mist around to fuel their aggression!"

Everyone thought the same, knowing that it was only a matter of time before Giants Champion Mossa tire himself out.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Unbeknownst to them, the situation was far deadlier than they could imagine.

'How can a poison be this potent to harm even a legendary artifact?'  Giants Champion Mossa had an ugly expression as he felt his armor getting eaten up slowly but surely after each hit he ate.

The poisonous mist wasn't really doing too much to it, but it was a different story to the poison warriors as their entire existence was created out of solidified highly condensed, and potent true poison.

With the pressure and momentum of their weapons striking the armor, the poison dug deeper each time!

'This isn't working, I need Knight Guard's protection.'

Knowing that his armor was bound to give in at this pace and he would be exposed directly to the poison made Giants Champion Mossa consider retreating to his teammate.

Unbeknownst to him, Knight Guard wasn't having the best time of his life either against the poisonous mist!

'How can a poison eat through mental energy? This doesn't make any sense.' Knight Guard N1 frowned deeply as he fought against multiple poison warriors and even countless projectiles fired at him from every direction.

Currently, he was somewhat safe as he was protected by a mental barrier, but he could feel that it was getting eroded and weakened incredibly fast!

He had it actually worse than Giants Champion Mossa since he wasn't as strong as him physically and the only tool in his possession was currently being countered hard!

"His range is over tens of kilometers and now even mastered true poison third level?" Siren was quite startled at the sight of her champion struggling to handle those neverending poison attacks.

"Did you boost his poison manipulation talent somehow? This isn't right."

Thor and the others kept their mouths shut, making Erebus and the rest extra irritated by their silence.

Felix's entire transformation made no sense to them as he seemed to have jumped countless levels at once!

They were taken back mostly by his third level of true poison as they knew that mastering poison capable of affecting spirits, souls, and mental energies was the apex of existing poisons!

That's because it was the only poison that could be considered a killer to all lifeforms since everyone had souls.

Right now, Knight Guard was experiencing it firsthand!

Meanwhile, Giants' Champion Mossa was sprinting back to Knight Guard N1 while guarding himself tightly as the poisonous mist wasn't making it any easier for him.

Phew Phew!!...

Poison warriors kept manifesting in his path to block him while countless poisonous projectiles were fired at him.

Still, with his uncanny physical prowess, he easily toughened through the barrage.

Unfortunately, the same couldn't be applied to his armor as the poisonous mist's corrosion was already fearsome on its own...But, Felix had added the sacred corrosion attribute to it, making it capable of eating through almost anything with time!

"Knight Guard! I need a shield!"

Giants' Champion Mossa shouted from a distance the moment he spotted his teammate hovering inside the poisonous mist while being protected with a mental barrier.

"I am the one needing help. Isn't your poisonous resistance on the extreme end?" Knight Guard N1 knitted his eyebrows deeply.

"Why the hell are you struggling against it?" Giants Champion Mossa seemed shocked at the sight of his partner receiving the same love as him from the poisonous mist.

He always thought that if someone would be completely safe from poison, it would be Knight Guard since it was a known fact that poison couldn't affect mental energies.

Alas, they never tasted the true potential of poison element.

Crack! Crack!..

Through the neverending onslaughter of the poison warriors, Giants' Champion Mossa's armor was finally cracked, allowing the poisonous mist to touch his skin.

'Damn it!'

Giants' Champion Mossa had gotten pissed off as he was forced to hold his breath to keep the poison away from his internal system.

He trusted his insane poison resistance to keep the poison from affecting his skin too much.

'We have to go lower! I will shatter the ground!' He called, believing that he had enough time to escape from the poisonous mist.

Alas, he had no clue that his fate was decided the moment the poisonous mist touched his skin...

UGHHHHHH!!!!!

Under the startled eyes of the viewers, Giants' Champion Mossa abruptly fell to the ground and screamed with a pained expression, appearing like he was being tortured alive.

'What's happening to you?'

This sight stunned Knight Guard the most as he didn't think that his partner wouldn't be able to survive even a second after making direct contact with the poison!

'My soul! It hurts!! My soul!'

The moment he heard his agonizing cries, Knight Guard used his mental vision to sense his partner's soul health.

'Impossible...'

When he noticed that Giants' Champion Mossa's soul barrier had turned purplish in color and was on the verge of shattering, he was left completely in disbelief.

'I surrender!' 

Giants' Champion Mossa didn't need to look at his soul to know that his situation was bad, which made him voice his surrender as fast as possible to save himself.

This was the smartest decision to make since if his soul barrier got shattered, there was nothing Queen Ai could do to save him even with the ultimate revival coupon...

That's because his soul would have been destroyed by Felix and not his consciousness killed by Queen Ai...Those were two different realities.

"Can someone tell me what's going on..." Miss Rose commentated with a dazed look, having no clue what had just happened.

Too bad for her, even the viewers were left utterly dumbfounded as none of them were able to process the notion of the Giants' King surrendering against a mere poison ability while the owner was literally tens of kilometers away!

"Is this it? Was the Giants' Champion always this weak?"

"I know that Landlord is strong and can win against any one of those players, but not like this..."

"This is just preposterous! Did the Giants' Champion sell the game?"

If only they knew that Giants' Champion Mossa was so close to being completely killed off without a chance of even visiting the spirit realm, none of them would have such thoughts.

'It's not safe here anymore.'

Knight Guard N1 had absolutely no intention of staying inside the poisonous mist for another second after realizing that his life would be ended with a single touch.

He swiftly began smashing the ground under him with invisible fists, attempting to escape through a small hole and close it shut with rocks again.

His plan was sound, but he forgot that the poisonous mist wasn't the only threat he had to watch for...

In the blink of an eye, Felik appeared behind Knight Gaurd N1 akin to a ghost, causing him to instantly fire a powerful mental attack in the area after sensing his threat!

Alas, his mental attack ended up backfiring at him the moment it attempted to break through Felix's mental defenses.

"It's best that you surrender while I am still asking nicely...You have no chance of winning against me." Felix shared with a flat tone as he looked directly into the Knight Guard N1's shaken eyes.

Hive Race was known for being emotionless most of the time, but Knight Guard N1 really couldn't help but feel absolute dread when he came face to face with Felix in his battle form.

His mental defenses were getting thrashed by the poisonous mist and now even his mental attacks weren't capable of harming Felix's mind.

This was all he had to offer and both were useless in front of this monster!

This wasn't a normal occurrence as Knight Guard N1 was the third strongest member of the Hive race, being weaker only than Knight Guard N0 and the Empress herself.

Yet, he became just like a normal player before Felix...

"What happened to you?" Knight Guard N1 asked.

"I got stronger." Felix replied indifferently as he moved toward him.

When he got face to face, he merely reached out with his hand and snatched the minerals bag, breaking off the mental barrier purely with his disgustingly physical strength.

The moment Knight Guard saw that the poisonous mist was about to touch his skin, he immediately surrendered to save his soul.

Felix didn't bother to even look at his body which was breaking into particles...He turned his back on him and went to pick up the other bag that belonged to Giants' Champion Mossa.

He gathered the minerals in one bag and then teleported back to Ragnarok's Sun, not knowing that the entire stadium had become as quiet as moose because of him.

"Is this really a top fifty game?" Miss Rose murmured with a dazed look.