Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

She felt like she was watching a higher-ranked player bullying lower-ranked ones.

While her feelings were shared by most viewers, Felix's fans didn't seem to care about the craziness of this situation!

LANDLORD!!! LANDLORD!!! LANDLORD!!!..

They awakened the stadium from its slumber with a unified thundering chant, causing the other spectators to protect their ears from their destructive noise!

"Landlord has eliminated one team in his first minutes of action!! Is this really it? Is this really how the game is going to progress?!" 

Their chants had caused Miss Rose to snap out of her daze and continue her commentary...With her hyping the already noisy crowd, the liveness almost caused some fans of other players to escape from the stadium!

"I am really getting ripped off here." Siren sighed in frustration after her champion lost again to Felix.

"Tell me about it." Aspidochelone's eyelids twitched as he looked at Thor and Jörmungandr who were grinning from ear to ear.

One was happy about Felix's domination and the other was pleased with seeing his poison element causing absolute despair in people again.

"No wonder he waited six hours to make a move." Erebus commentated, "He filled up the tunnels with his poison, enabling him to teleport anywhere he desired within the chasm as long as his poison was there."

Erebus was absolutely right as Felix's teleportation spell or even his dimensional mirror wouldn't have worked if he wanted to use his evil vision as his guidance.

That's because he still needed to have an actual three-dimensional location to teleport to if he had never visited the place before.

His poisonous mist allowed him to achieve that since he might not see the tunnel, but he was most definitely able to see his poisonous mist, taking its shape!! 

With Knight Guard's evil aura appearing like a sore thumb inside the poisonous mist, Felix was able to teleport next to him without worrying about having part of his body manifesting inside a wall or such!

"There is another reason." Thor chuckled, "Six hours are enough for your little champions to harvest a great collection of minerals for him."

"Pricks, like master like student." Kumiho cursed with a peeved tone.

Since Siren's champion was Knight Guard, she had chosen Ionian Lord Inozuma to represent her...While her champion was still in the game, she knew that his life was hanging by a line.

Unfortunately for her, Felix had chosen him and his partner Shadowborn Ruler Hogan as his next targets.

'What's the plan here? Knight Guard and Mossa are out of the game. They must have been eliminated by him.' Ionians' Lord Inozuma spoke with a solemn tone as he hid within the shadow realm with Ruler Hogan.

Just like the other two, they were also attacked by the poisonous mist and the poison warriors.

When they realized that fighting them was absolutely useless and that the poison's potency was too frightening, they both hid inside the shadow realm.

As the ruler of Shadowborn, Hogan was capable of keeping anyone inside the shadow realm by covering them with shadow energy...He was the best at it as his guests didn't even feel discomfort in the process.

'Let's change our location through the shadow realm.' Ruler Hogan suggested.

There was no better option than just avoiding the poisonous mist entirely since it was rewardless to deal with it.

'Let's go with that.'

Ruler Hogan guided his partner through the shadow realm until they arrived at a rock's shadow that was at least five tunnels below their original location.

Thankfully, they were able to do this because the tunnels had crystalized light on their ceilings, which were used to light up the tunnels for the miners in the real world.

"Looks like Ruler's Hogan team are in the clear." Miss Rose commentated, "As long as they keep putting such long distances from the poisonous mist, they never need to worry about Landlord."

It was really a massive distance since the poisonous mist was incapable of traveling through walls like them.

So, they might be just five tunnels below it, but the poisonous mist wasn't going to reach them unless it traveled through tens of other tunnels!

The chasm's network was extremely complex, which was why Felix wanted to map out some of it at the start.

'I guess I need to roll up my sleeves for them.'

Felix thought to himself, knowing that his poisonous mist was ineffective against them unless he gave it hours to fill up the entire chasm.

He had no intention of wasting so much time when there were other methods of dealing with them.

Without an ounce of hesitation, he teleported to their previous location and looked below him with his evil vision...It showed that both of them had exited the shadow realm and restarted their mining journey.

Just like they have taken means of hiding their presence from other visions, Felix had also drank the shadow cloak potion, which kept him hidden from their detection.

With this kind of information in his pocket, Felix knew that an assassination attempt was the only method to eliminate Ruler Hogan.

As for Ionians' Lord Inozuma? He was an easy target to handle with other methods.

'Sniper Rifle V6.'

So, he manifested his trademark crystallized sniper rifle and a true poison bullet that was protected with a crystallized thin layer.

"Is he planning to snipe them five tunnels away?" Miss Rose raised an eyebrow in confusion, "Is that even possible with the thickness of the grounds between them?"DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

She displayed the thickness for everyone to see on the big screen, making them realize that Felix's bullet had to penetrate five layers of extremely thick terrain.

The chasm's interior wasn't made out of soft soil or anything like that...Its terrain was as hard as granite, making it extremely difficult to break it apart easily.

The fact that Felix was planning to use a true poison bullet to pull this off made them even more baffled.

Unbeknownst to them, Felix never had any intention of sniping through the ground...

He created a crystalized platform and stood above it. Then, he aimed the sniper rifle at the ground, and to be exact, on Ruler Hogan's scalp.

'Greater Space spell, Interdimensional Delivery.' Felix uttered in his mind, causing his devilish horns to have gray runic letters light up, giving them a bizarre splendor.

As silent as a night breeze, a tiny gray runic hex manifested above the true poison bullet.

Then, it started to shimmer with gray light as well before turning somewhat unreal, like it existed but at the same time, it didn't.

Felix used his mental energy to load up the bullet in the rifle's chamber without removing his eye from the glass scope.

'The exact distance between me and him is one kilometer and three hundred and two meters. Chance of error is 5% give or take.' Felix narrowed his eyes at Ruler Hogan's evil aura as he calculated the exact distance between the barrel's mouth and his target.

He was capable of doing this since he had an impeccable grasp of calculation due to his cognitive reasoning being on the extreme end.

'Bullet's exit point is one kilometer and three hundred and one meters.'

The moment Felix saw that Ruler Hogan had stopped moving for a split second, he immediately fired the bullet.

Unlike the last times, there was no explosion or even a slight recoil...The bullet just disappeared the moment it reached the barrel's mouth and left absolutely no trace behind it.

Miss Rose and the viewers had their unblinking eyes focused on the ground like fools, thinking that it should have penetrated it by now.

Before they could realize that they had been bamboozled, a notification appeared on the big screen, leaving them absolutely dumbfounded.

-Shadowborn Ruler Hogan has been eliminated by Landlord!-

"What...the...f*ck..."