Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Everyone switched their focus instantly to the small screen that was showing Shadowborn Ruler Hogan's team.

When they noticed that the Ionians' Lord Inozuma was staring at his fallen partner with a stunned expression, they knew that the notification was as real as it could get...

"Wind Transmutation!"

A split second later, he pushed his raising terror in his heart and immediately transformed himself into a windy storm, escaping as fast as the wind through the tunnel. Obviously, he took the minerals bags with him.

This was the smartest move to make as Felix was preparing another bullet for him if he dared to remain unfocused for a mere second.

'WHAT THE F*CK WAS THAT!!' Ionians' Lord Inozuma screamed in his mind in utter agitation as a replay of his partner's sudden death kept playing in his mind.

He was standing near him, mining in peace, and a split second later, his skull was cracked open and his body was turned into a shriveled corpse before it even touched the ground.

Everything happened so fast, even with his insane reaction speed, he still wasn't able to comprehend his partner's death!

This left him with no other option but to escape.

Unbeknownst to him, most of the viewers were left in disbelief just like him and they actually witnessed the entire assassination attempt!

"What kind of spatial ability is that?" Emperor Lokhil asked as he gave Felix a look of astonishment.

"It must be Interdimensional Delivery...It allows the user to create an entry point and an exit point for any object he wanted. The object will travel through space-time at the same speed before its entry point." High Chieftain Lokaka shared with a peculiar look, "This is what we use for short distant deliveries in our tribes. I didn't think I will ever see it being used in a battle like this..."

High Chieftain Lokaka knew that this spatial ability or spell could be utilized to drop bombs or such in battles, making it extremely useful.

Though, he never actually saw someone using it to deliver a freaking bullet straight into the head of the target!

"But, I believe it's a greater grade spatial spell. It should be impossible for him to master it in less than sixteen years unless he invested all of his time in it."

"What do you think?" Emperor Lokhil eyed Queen Alfreda, their spellcasting master.

"He is immensely talented in spell casting. I don't find it that shocking if he managed to master even three greater space spells in sixteen years." Queen Alfreda anwsered.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I never knew you had a such strong opinion of his talents."

It might have looked like this for everyone, but Queen Alfreda knew about the Elemental Galaxy since her permission was needed for Selphie to accompany Felix.

Knowing that the time difference was that drastic made it acceptable in her eyes for Felix to master any runic spell regardless of the difficulty.

Unfortunately, Felix prioritized his elemental manipulations more than his spellcasting since he didn't have his cheat method on him.

Queen Alfreda was under the assumption that Felix's runic comprehension skills were almost just as gifted as Selphie's after seeing him master a couple of lesser spatial spells in less than three years.

Unbeknownst to her, without his cheat method, his talent was dog poop.

"Another one bites the dust." Erebus leaned against his chair with a defeated expression, feeling too depressed to look at the screen again.

"Cheer up, at least our boy was merciful enough to not use the third level of true poison in his bullet." Thor chuckled.

Felix was a lot of things, but he wasn't stupid to completely annihilate the soul of the shadowborns ruler in a game...Especially, when he could easily finish him off using just the first level of true poison.

Just because he had mastered the third level, it didn't mean that his other two levels were weak...A true poison bullet penetrating the brain straight meant that just the first level was enough to finish the job.

"I am grateful for that, but alas...That damn idiot has now wasted his last revival coupon while he was still paying its debt." Erebus replied with an annoyed tone, knowing that Ruler Hogan wasn't going to be participating in any games in the near future in fear for his life.

The primogenitors ignored his whining and returned to watch the game after seeing that Felix had packed up his stuff and teleported near Ragnarok's Sun again.

'You can't run forever...' Felix thought to himself as he observed a chaotic evil aura, flying rapidly deeper into the chasm.

He recognized that it was Ionians' Lord Inozuma.

Soon, he ignored him and looked at werewolves' King Treznor's team.

What came into his eyes was his poisonous mist being blocked by some sort of wall while those two had already put tens of kilometers of distance from it.

'Looks like he used an ice wall to halt it.' Felix didn't seem too bothered by this as he never had any intention of hunting those two as well.

Being allies with King Trenzor was one of the reasons, but the main one was related to the game's rules.

Felix knew that the moment he got rid of them, the game would end with his team coming on top as winners by default even if there was plenty of time left.

He wanted to avoid this since he could really use the remaining six hours to farm minerals in peace, knowing that not a single player would be bothering him.

This was his main plan all along as he wanted empyrean points more than just winning the game.

Though, for this plan to work, he still needed to deal with the last nuisance.

...

Sometime later...

'I think I have gotten far enough.'

Ionians' Lord Inozuma canceled his transmutation ability and recovered his physical form again. The first thing he did was cast an intense repelling wind barrier around him.

Then, he scanned around him with a wary look as he beamed wind energy stones to recover his exhausted energy.

He was flying for more than fifteen minutes as the wind...With his wind sensitivity, he was able to always pick tunnels that lead somewhere instead of dead ends.

This resulted in him getting closer to the bottom of the chasm.

Krrrrr....Krrrrrr...

'I have been meeting with more whistling worms than usual. I must be close to their nest.' Ionians' Lord Inozuma thought with a solemn expression after hearing the all-familiar noise of Whistling Worms.

His theory was proven right away as two gigantic Whistling Worms showed themselves from the other end of the tunnel, crawling on their bellies as slowly as snails.

With the dim light of the tunnel and their brown color, they seemed like two monstrous shadows that would make any kid have nightmares for months.

Still, Ionians' Lord Inozuma didn't seem to faze by their appearance or their dangerous approach.

He lifted his right wing and waved it down in a slow manner like he was merely stretching it.

Slice Slice...

Alas, this little wing movement had resulted in the Whistling Worms' gigantic heads getting severed in one clean motion...

Thud Thud!

They fell on the ground with decapitated heads and began wiggling around, seemingly not dead yet.

Ionians' Lord Inozuma appeared above them in the blink of an eye and halted their revival attempt by turning them into a bloody paste with a highly pressured wind palm.

-You have earned ten empyrean points from slaying two Whistling Worms.-

Queen Ai notified him.

'Ten points? I might as well go deeper and hunt those worms than mine those stupid rocks.' Ionians' Lord Inozuma decided to switch his strategy.

It wasn't because of the clear profit from hunting the worms...He knew deep down that if he dared get closer to the surface, he would get hunted down by Felix.

His partner's incomprehensible death made him realize that only Felix was capable of pulling off such a smooth and freaky assassination out of nowhere.

He still might not know how did he pull it off and he really had no intentions of finding out through experience.

"Looks like Ionians' Lord Inozuma hasn't given up on winning this game even though he lost his partner. Will it be enough though to claim the number one spot by hunting those worms?" Miss Rose commentated while displaying the current ranking of teams and individual tallies.

//1)Unpaid Landlord/Spider Kin's Princess Maeralya: 180 EP/55 EP. Total: 235 EP.

2) Shadowborn Ruler Hogan/Ionians' Lord Inozuma: 0 EP/168 EP. Total: 168 EP.

3)Werewolves King Treznor/Pandions' High Honor Jara: 80 EP/50 EP. Total: 130 EP.

4) Knight Guard N1/Giants' Champion Mossa: 0 EP/0 EP. Total: 0 EP.//

Felix's team was taking the lead only because he had looted Knight Guard's team, which was previously number one in the ranking. With Princess Maeralya's points added to the mix, the gap was increased significantly.

Still, Ionians' Lord Inozuma didn't seem too demotivated or dishearted...He understood that just securing number two was enough to keep his empyrean points from getting affected negatively.

This was enough to keep him moving forward.

Though, his idea to do this through hunting Whistling Worms wasn't too relieving...

Felix knew this better than anyone as the moment he planned on making his move on Ionians' Lord Inozuma, his eyes were frozen solid after a new evil aura manifested before him.

An evil aura so strong, so powerful, it literally covered his entire world, making him unable to even see Ionians' Lord Inozuma's evil aura anymore!

Before he could react, two sets of eerie and chilling red eyes emerged on the evil aura...They seemed to be locked in on Ionians' Lord Inozuma's almost invisible evil aura.

'Well, he has awakened the chasm's master...Good luck to him.' Felix retracted any thought he had about making a move on Ionians' Lord Inozuma.

In his eyes, there was no need to make a move when someone else was going to do it for him!