It seemed like Ionians' Lord Inozuma didn't seem too afraid of the chasm's master as he kept hunting deeper and deeper into the worms' nest.

Slice! Slice!...

Each time he met a Whistling Worm, he made sure to slice its neck before turning it into a paste...The deeper he had gotten, the more worms jumped him. But, he was glad about this as they were nothing but free points in his eyes.

Whoosh!!

'Hmm? What's with this sudden shift of the wind flow?'

Ionians' Lord Inozuma narrowed his eyes in focus at the depth of the tunnel, where the wind seemed to have changed trajectory.

'Is it the Chasm's master? Am I getting close?' Ionians' Lord Inozuma knew that most of the worms would be near the chasm's master since she was their mother.

'I would get two hundred points if I slayed it, should I give it a go?' Ionians' Lord Inozuma pondered on this crazy thought.

He knew that if he killed the chasm's master, he would obtain a great number of empyrean points, but most importantly, he would have free access to mining perfect minerals! 

If he pulled it off, winning this game would actually be a viable option!

'I am already here, might as well give it a try.'

Ionians' Lord Inozuma continued on his path without a hint of fear in his eyes...He was wary, but not afraid.

He had full trust in his capabilities to either kill the chasm's master or at least escape when sh*t hit the fan!

...

After a few minutes, Ionians' Lord Inozuma reached the end of the tunnel, leaving behind him tens of mashed-up worm corpses.

The tunnel's end wasn't a wall or a path leading to other tunnels. It was just a giant gaping hole that was peeking into utter darkness.

Ionians' Lord Inozuma walked to the edge with a focused expression as the irregular wind behind the tunnel's mouth made him realize that there was a gigantic open space there.

He used an intense flashlight of his AP bracelet that was capable of illuminating more than hundreds of meters radius without a problem.

When he reached the edge, his assumption was proven right as the light expanded to illuminate a vast spherical space that made the tunnels resemble tiny holes.

'So, this is the nest.' Ionians' Lord Inozuma knitted his eyebrows deeply at the sight of thousands of giant white eggs attached to the walls.

There was some sort of red sticky wet mucus linking those eggs together with the walls, making the entire space resemble an insect breeding ground.

As much as disgustingly and spooky this breeding ground was, Ionians' Lord Inozuma's mind was focused on another problem.

The chasm's master wasn't at the bottom of the breeding ground!

'There is warm air coming from the bottom, it must have been here just a while ago.' Ionians' Lord Inozuma thought as he scanned the ground.

Using his wind sensitivity, he managed to find many gigantic tunnels on the ground, which were much bigger than the ones he trod on.

'This is my chance to farm those worms and get the hell away from here before it returns.'

Ionians' Lord Inozuma changed his original plan after realizing that the number of worms in the nest was enough to set him off as a winner without needing to go through the trouble of fighting the chasm's master!

So, without a delay, he used his wind manipulation to create sharp blades...However, before he could release them, his instincts tingled like crazy, making him feel like he was being stared at by a predator!

What freaked him out the most was that it was coming from behind him!!

The moment he turned around and flashed his light, his pupil widened to the limits while his heartbeats started accelerating rapidly.

What reflected on his pupils was none other than the chasm's master's freakishly brown head.

It was covered in the same mucusy substance on the eggs. His head was as massive as the tunnel, seemingly a perfect fit.

If it wasn't for the slippery mucus, one could only wonder how could it even move in it.

Krrrrrrrr...

It opened its maw, showing its array of sharp razor teeth, and released a low-pitched noise that was almost inaudible.

If it wasn't for Ionians' Lord Inozuma's sensitivity to wind, he wouldn't have noticed the sound waves rushing at him.

Whether it was an attack or not, his wind barrier blocked it easily.

'How? How did it arrive this close to me?'

This was the only thought that was roaming Ionians' Lord Inozuma's mind.

For the life of him, he just couldn't fathom how could such a gigantic creature make absolutely no noise in sneaking up on him.

Hell, it didn't even cause the wind to fluctuate, which was almost impossible to pull off as any slight movement affected the wind.

Unfortunately, he wasn't given the time to solve this mystery as the chasm's master widened its jaw to the limit and suddenly released a flood of disgusting green mucus at him!

Whoosh!!

Ionians' Lord Inozuma waved his right-wing sharply, causing an intense wind tornado to emerge out of nowhere and block off the mucus' flood!

They merged together, creating a mucus tornado that hurled this sticky liquid everywhere!

Ionians' Lord Inozuma's wind barrier blocked those projectiles, but the walls weren't as safe!

Pshhhhh!!

They were extremely difficult to break, yet the moment the green mucus landed on them, they started to melt down akin to meeting with lava!

This sight made Ionians' Lord Inozuma understand that he could never let himself get touched by it!

"It's not working!" Miss Rose expressed loudly at the sight of the mucus' flood overpowering the tornado rapidly!

In the end, wind was still just wind.

Regardless of how much pressure it possessed, anything that had a higher density than it and just a bit of pressure would be able to combat it easily.

The thick green mucus took merely a few seconds to completely blast the tornado and continue on its path toward Ionians' Lord Inozuma.

'Wind Transmutation!' 

Knowing that his barrier would get destroyed instantly made Ionians' Lord Inozuma turn into a wind breeze and escape inside the breeding ground.

He turned back to his physical form as he stood above an egg on a wall.

Ionians' Lord Inozuma decided to take the fight in the breeding ground, believing that the chasm's master wouldn't fight near its children while at the same time, such a big space would give him more mobility. 

His idea was sound and clever...If this was the chasm's master of the real world!

Krrrrrrrr!!!

Without an ounce of hesitation, the chasm's master charged through the tunnel while releasing a powerful soundwave that caused the air itself to vibrate visibly!!

BOOM!! BOOM!! BOOOM!!...

The soundwave blew the eggs one by one, spewing undeveloped hatchlings everywhere!

Before Ionians' Lord Inozuma could process this merciless and barbaric sight, the soundwave landed on him!

BOOOOM!!

Unlike the eggs, his ears ended up rupturing while his body had gotten smashed into the wall.

Not giving him a single chance of recovery, the chasm's master released the same green mucus flood at him!

Whoosh!

Ionians' Lord Inozuma wasn't a weakling to get killed this easily as he manipulated the wind on his path to change the flood's trajectory to the right!

Instead of outright blocking it, changing its pathing was much easier and doable.

This caused the wall, the red mucus, and what remained of the eggs to get turned into disgusting hot smoke like they were hit by acid.

"I had enough!" Ionians' Lord Inozuma cursed with a displeased expression as he swung his wing in a single motion.

Whoosh!!

A giant visible sharp thin wind blade manifested right above the monster's head, resembling a guillotine's blade.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Cut!"

With one order, the blade fell rapidly at chasm's master neck under the widened and unblinking eyes of the viewers.

Everyone already imagined the scene of the worm's neck getting decapitated by the blade as Ionians' Lord Inozuma had done this to other worms countless times.

Alas, this wasn't any other worm.

This was the chasm's master...A monster that was given up on by even the alliance.

Only now did the viewers realize why as the blade failed to even slice the exterior skin of chasm's master neck...A blade created by the strongest wind elementalist in the alliance!

"Impossible!"

Ionians' Lord Inozuma was most shocked by the sight than everyone else as he knew that his wind blades were capable of cutting through even the hardest rock!

He knew that the chasm's master was extremely tough and even able to revive unless one completely erased him from existence, but he never imagined that he wouldn't be able to even cut off his skin!!