"The chasm's master has survived even a nuke!" Miss Rose commentated excitedly, "Its skin is believed to be one of the most durable organs in the entire universe! If Ionians' Lord Inozuma wanted to harm it, he better steps up his game."

Krrrrrrrrr!!...

The chasm's master stepped it up before him as it had straight off charged at Ionians' Lord Inozuma with its gigantic horrific mouth wide open!

BOOOM!

The wall was smashed apart like it was made out of card boxes, causing the chasm's master head to get stuck inside of it.

Before the viewers could wonder if Ionians' Lord Inozuma lived through it, he manifested above the chasm's master neck while holding a long katana that was at least three meters long.

The katana was a thing of beauty, its long, curved blade glinting in the light. The hilt was wrapped in supple leather, providing a secure and comfortable grip for Ionians' Lord Inozuma.

"Legendary Artifact, Space Slasher!" Miss Rose commentated passionately, "He is finally going all in!"

Before her words reached the viewers' ears, Ionians' Lord Inozuma had already activated his katana's furtharks, causing it to turn into a brilliant wind blade that seemed to be able to cut off people's eyes just by looking at it for longer than necessary!

"Die!"

With a frigid look, Ionians' Lord Inozuma swung his katana at the chasm's master neck in one single motion, causing an invisible wind blade to emerge and slice through the neck akin to butter!

Krrrrrrrrrrrr!!!

The chasm's master screamed not in pain, but in anger, after its head was separated from its body!

Ionians' Lord Inozuma wasn't satisfied yet as he followed the falling body and continued slicing it up in the air!

By the time it landed on the ground, it was already turned into a mountain of flesh lumps.

The viewers were left shocked speechless by the sight of countless thin and smooth spatial cracks disappearing rapidly in the air.

In less than a split second, the space was healed back to normal.

'This really took all of its energy.' Ionians' Lord Inozuma remarked in displeasure after noticing his katana's illuminating wind blade turning much dimmer.

He knew that it was useless now unless he recharged the futharks...That was something only dwarves could do.

Unlike The Executioner in Felix's old maze game, Ionians' Lord Inozuma wasn't using any blade technique to pull off those spatial wind blades.

He was cheating by using a legendary artifact and the price was his inability to keep using this powerful attack freely.

Meanwhile, The Executioner had pulled off his spatial wind blade by mastering his ancestor's blade technique...Something that only a devoted genius could pull off!

That's why he received recognition from primogenitors compared to their disinterested looks as they watched this fight.

'Let's finish this.'

Ionians' Lord Inozuma didn't care about anyone's opinion on his method as he took his katana with him and flew back to the wiggling worm's head.

However, just as he wanted to destroy its brain, his instincts screamed at him to get the f*ck away from it!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

'Transmutat...'

Alas, before his body could finish its transmutation, he was caught in a sudden unexpected explosion...It came from nowhere but the chasm's head!

The explosion wasn't the problem, but the green mucus released with it.

It ended up covering the upper half of Ionians' Lord Inozuma's body, melting it almost instantaneously!

Still, as one of the most powerful fighters in the alliance, Ionians' Lord Inozuma managed to pull off the surrender coupon right before his brain melted off too.

The spectators were left stunned at the sight of Ionians' Lord Inozuma turning into light particles as everything happened too quickly for their comprehension.

-Ionians' Lord Inozuma has been eliminated!-

Queen Ai placed the notification on the screen, waking them up from their daze.

"Looks like instincts beat intelligence this round." Thor chuckled in amusement, not caring that Kumiho's expression was turning for the worst.

"Knowing that my champion didn't get eliminated like this is somewhat comforting." Erebus grinned widely as he looked at Kumiho, "Thanks."

"Screw you." Kumiho cursed him in annoyance, making his grin get only wider.

"He is a real embarrassment to my brother's legacy." Jörmungandr shook his head in disappointment.

He really didn't care much about Ionians' Lord Inozuma's wellbeing.

He only felt disappointed that not a single descendant of the Great Roc was capable of mastering his wind-blade techniques.

He knew that if just one of them managed to master them, he would be almost unstoppable in the alliance since those blade techniques were just too godly.

Cutting space was merely one of the easiest ones to master and yet, the Ionians' Lord had to use a legendary artifact to pull it off...It was just too disappointing.

Krrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!

Everyone's conversation was interrupted after hearing the familiar chasm's master screech again.

When they looked at the source, they found out that all of the sliced body parts had already merged together, and even a new head was born!

"Less than five seconds for a complete rebirth without a single wound...It's like it didn't even fight." Miss Rose commentated with a somewhat freaked tone.

She wasn't scared by this chasm's master, but by the notion that the same monster was existing in this universe. Unbeknownst to her, there were much scarier monsters yet to be found...

Whoosh!!

Just as she was about to switch the camera to the other players to check on them, she was surprised by the appearance of Felix, standing above the same tunnel's edge.

His nonchalant expression made it seem like he was standing there for a while now.

"Don't tell me Landlord is also planning to fight the chasm's master!" Miss Rose and the viewers were startled by the way Felix was looking at the chasm's master.

If it was before, every one of them would have cheered for him, knowing that there was a big chance of him winning...But now?

Ionians' Lord Inozuma's fate made them understand that the chasm's master wasn't to be f*cked with!

Before they could even discuss this situation, Felix already teleported tens of meters in front of the chasm's master giant head.

With the massive size difference between them, it really seemed like an ant challenging a lion, or better put, seeking its death.

Krrr....Krr.....Kr...

The chasm's master narrowed its glaring eyes at Felix as it kept releasing somewhat of a warning noise.

It was like a monster had recognized one of its kind, making it understand that the fight's result wasn't going to be as easy as the last one.

Still, this was a virtual chasm's master that was wired to attack anything before it instead of prioritizing its safety.

This meant even when its instincts were telling it that the fight wasn't recommended, the chasm's master prepared to charge at Felix!

"You have eaten my loot, you know?" Felix said with a flat tone as he stared at Ionians' Lord Inozuma's mineral bag inside its stomach.

The viewers might not have seen it, but the chasm's master had eaten the bag after it landed on the ground near it...Since its main source of food was minerals, it couldn't give up on it.

KRRRRRRRRR!!!

The chasm's master thoroughly ignored Felix's statement and charged at him while releasing powerful deafening soundwaves that smashed against him!

Besides his crimson hair that was flattering with the wind, Felix wasn't moved a single inch by the soundwaves' force...Even his expression remained the same like his ears weren't affected by the harmful low-pitch.

He merely stood his ground and extended his palm forward, seemingly unafraid of the charging ferocious gigantic worm!

Just as it was about to reach his comfort zone, Felix uttered with a cold tone, "Destruction Cube."

Suddenly, a dark red cube manifested from Felix's palm and began expanding at a rapid pace until it was almost the exact same size as the gigantic worm!

It was neither in a solid, liquid, or gas form...It seemed like it was made out of an aura.

The chasm's master instincts warned it again that it should stay away from that red cube, but alas...It was already too deep to retract or change its course.

Krrrrrrrrr!!

It roared again, but this time a tint of fear was picked in its voice as its eyes were merely an inch away from the red cube.

Before anyone could react, the chasm's master went through the red cube head first and its body followed it in.

Miss Rose, the ten rulers, Felix's fans, and the entire viewer base had their eyes instinctively shifted to the back of the red cube, where Felix was standing.

It was like the rational part in their brains told them, ensured them, that the chasm's master head should exit from the other side.

But this wasn't what occurred...Not even close.

The moment the chasm's master went through the red cube, it was simply erased from existence!

Its long body that was stretching for hundred kilometers kept going through the red cube, responding to the last order of the brain.

By the time the tail disappeared through the red cube, the entire stadium was turned as silent as a deserted graveyard on the darkest of nights...

No one spoke, no one reacted, no one blinked, and no one even managed to process a thought.

They just kept staring at Felix and the red cube as if they had just participated in the greatest magic trick in the history of the universe.

This reaction was understandable when no one had ever seen the destruction element in action before.

"Retract."

Unbeknownst to the audience's reaction, Felix withdrew the destruction cube back into his palm and walked casually toward the mineral bag.

With its indestructibility, it was the last thing that survived the chasm's master...