Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

-Congratulation to Landlord for slaying the Chasm's Master!-

Queen Ai shared this notification worldwide three times, causing the remaining three players to stare at their tunnel's ceiling in disbelief.

'Is he killing anything that moves?' Princess Maelyra felt chills course on her spine. As his teammate, she was notified of all of Felix's previous kills.

This made her realize that Felix had literally hunted down all the players but her and his allies!

Now, even the chasm's master tagged along...She really started to feel gratified that she was on his team.

'Is he coming for us next?' The Pandion's High Honor Jara raised his guard to the limit.

'He won't.' King Treznor assured him as he continued his mining.

He understood that Felix would never seek to hunt him down with the current friendship between their races...It was just foolish and stupid.

So, from the very beginning, he never had his guard raised against Felix even when he was assaulted by his poisonous mist.

Meanwhile, the ten rulers had a different conversation.

"Destruction element...So, this is his source of confidence." Elder Dragon's expression became solemn.

Nothing that Felix had shown throughout the entire game had made him feel even a bit worried...Even the soul poison was easily blockable in his eyes with his fire element.

But this?

He understood that even with all of his overwhelming strength and power, he wouldn't be able to survive the red cube!

"I can't believe King Mahit has given him his ancestor's bloodline." Queen Alfreda expressed.

"Did he take it from them forcefully? Or he made a deal with King Mahit?" Emperor Lokhil asked with a serious tone.

"I doubt anyone can hunt down the Watchers in their own territory." High Chieftain Lokaka shook his head.

"If they made a deal then, what is it? Nothing moves that old geezer."

No matter how much they tried, none of them would find out about their deal...Neither King Mahit nor Felix had any intentions of sharing it with them.

"King Felix was already scary enough, now with destruction element in his possession, I really don't know if anyone will be able to stop him." Emperor Lokhil stated as he peeked at Elder Dragon.

He knew that Felix's target was Elder Dragon...Before, none of them really bothered with this issue as they were certain that Felix was a long way from even threatening Elder Dragon.

With Felix's unexpected and honestly a bit unbelievable performance in this game, none of them dared to have such certainty anymore.

This was a huge, huge matter.

That's because, for the first time ever since the foundation of the SGAlliance, there was someone with a legit chance of dethroning Elder Dragon from his Supreme Position!

"If you guys really think that this was enough to deal with me, then you really are ignorant about what true strength looks like." Elder Dragon uttered bluntly as he gave them an indifferent look.

Before anyone of them could respond, he took off...

"Is his massive pride and ego causing him to underestimate King Maxwell even after this display, or he is really confident that he can handle him?" Emperor Lokhil wondered.

"A little bit of both." Empress Scarlet replied with a gentle tone.

"What do you mean?"

"You guys have lived long enough, but most of you weren't born during the alliance's foundation. Elder Dragon was considered one of the strongest beings in the universe, which made it possible for the alliance to get founded and maintained without much trouble from the members...His strength and authority made everyone respect and fear him."

"Now, almost two million years later, his strength must have been enhanced to an unfathomable level." Empress Scarlet concluded, "If King Maxwell decided to challenge him, he must bring with him more than just a few destruction abilities."

Two million years was a long period that was extremely difficult to comprehend for the majority.

Felix had gotten this much stronger in merely one thousand and six hundred years of seclusion.

One could imagine how much stronger Elder Dragon had become in two million years with the supply of royal gemstones from the corpses of his people...

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

...

While the stream chat and the stadium viewers were still trying their best to figure out what kind of ability Felix used to slay the chasm's master, he was seen mining perfect graded minerals at the depth of the chasm.

With the death of chasm's master and the players harboring ill intentions, Felix was having a peaceful time on his mining journey.

To make sure that no one would interfere with his harvest, he sealed all the tunnels leading to the chasm's bottom with solidified poisonous walls.

Fortunately, Princess Maelayra and the other two were smart enough to understand that the chasm's depth had become Felix's territory.

Princess Maealyra wasn't shameful enough to come to enjoy the fruit of his labor after doing nothing to help him while the other two simply respected the silent agreement of staying out of each other's business. 

With this kind of mutual understanding, Felix spent the next six hours doing nothing but mining the best of the best minerals.

It wasn't really hard for him as he had help from his gemstone golems in addition to his sensitivity to minerals and ores due to his ancestral dragon heart.

As the dragons' main source of food and nutrition, it was obvious that they would have some sort of detection for them.

Before long, the game ended in this anticlimactic manner as no fights broke off and no more drama occurred.

Though, no one was really upset as Felix had given them what the worth of their tickets was with his performance in the first half.

After the game ended, Felix and the remaining three players were teleported back to the stadium.

"Haha! You really have made our life easier, King Maxwell!"

King Trenznor approached Felix with his usual rowdy laugh and patted him on the shoulder with a gratified expression.

"I just played the game as normal." Felix replied with a faint smile.

"If this is your normal, then we really are f*cked if you got serious." King Treznor joked.

Meanwhile,  Princess Maerlya and Pandion's High Honor merely gave a head nod at Felix.

One felt too awkward to speak to him after their previous confrontation and the other just didn't feel the need to thank Felix.

He knew that Felix didn't come at him because of King Treznor, so there wasn't really much to thank.

Since there was still the performance rating process, the eliminated players were called back to the stadium to see the end results.

"King Maxwell, you really went a bit heavy-handed on me." Shadowborn Ruler Hogan appeared next to Felix with a clear displeased expression.

The moment he was revived by Queen Ai, he was watching the game and waiting to get recalled so he could express his grievance at Felix.

As inner circle leaders, there was an unwritten rule between them that they should always give each other a chance to use a surrender coupon if they ended up in a game.

Felix straight off ignored this rule and killed him.

"I could have gone much heavier." Felix replied calmly.

"You..."

"He is not lying, you know?" Knight Guard N1 interjected expressionlessly, "Somehow his poison is capable of poisoning mental energy and even the souls. He could have ended your life for real if he wanted."

"..."

Knowing that Knight Guard had no reason to lie made him feel chills course on his spine as he looked at Felix's emotionless eyes.

He was already slightly terrified of him after seeing what he did to the chasm's master, but after knowing this? His disgruntlement faded as fast as the way he died.

Before the players could get involved more in this subject, Miss Rose came to the rescue by teleporting next to them and displaying the game ranking.

//1)Unpaid Landlord/Spider Kin's Princess Maeralya: 980 EP/298 EP. Total: 1278 EP.

3)Werewolves King Treznor/Pandions' High Honor Jara: 245 EP/287 EP. Total: 532 EP.

3) Shadowborn Ruler Hogan/Ionians' Lord Inozuma: 0 EP/0 EP. Total: 0 EP.

4) Knight Guard N1/Giants' Champion Mossa: 0 EP/0 EP. Total: 0 EP.//

"This is a bit worrisome..." Miss Rose said as she gulped a small mouthful.

Everyone ignored the others and focused on Felix's insane amount of empyrean points.

"Landlord started this game with an x8 multiplier due to him skipping the entire empyrean list. With his team's victory and MVP title secured, he will get an addition x4." Princess Maeralya a deep cold breath before stating what was in everyone's minds, "This means he will be getting more than ten thousand empyrean points from this game alone..."

"Dear lord..."

"Jeez!!"

"Ten thousand is the limit and he has hit it in a single game..F*cking hell."

Even when they knew that she was about to say that, everyone still felt that this scenario was just too unbelievable and shouldn't be allowed to happen!

Ten thousand empyrean points meant reaching the end of the empyrean ranking!

In other words, the only way forward for Felix would be to challenge the ten supreme for their positions!

This really was the definition of breaking the system as making such an insane rank jump had never occurred in the history of the platform!

"This is counting just the amount of empyrean points he had gotten from the game." Pandion High Honor Jara murmured, "There are still the bonus points from his performance..."