Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"We will leave the calculations to our just Queen Ai."

Miss Rose disclosed this after displaying The Final Ranking list and the Performance Rating Calculator.

Just like God's Raid, the performance rating was calculated from player eliminations, the number of minerals farmed, the number of worms slain...etc.

Even the negatives were counted, such as using the surrender coupon.

Miss Rose started with the players on the bottom.

Although their mineral bags have been stolen and they have been forced to surrender, Knight Guard and Giants' Champion Mossa still managed to get a somewhat decent performance.

Unfortunately, decent performance wasn't going to secure them being in the top 50%.

When the performance of other players was calculated, they ended up still being placed at the bottom of the finalized ranking list.

After finishing with Princess Maeralya, Queen Ai moved to Felix's performance rating.

Everyone seemed to be anticipating how many empyrean points he would be getting from his performance.

"Eliminated three players directly alone: +30 EP."

"Killed fifteen Whistling Worms: +15 EP."

"Stole three mineral bags: +30 EP."

"Total participation in the death of the chasm's master, 100%: +200 EP."Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Activate x12 Multiplier...Total score 15,060 EP."

"Performance Rating is over...Congratulation to Landlord for emerging as the number one in this game."

Queen Ai announced as she placed Felix's name at the top of the final ranking list under the dumbfounded and stunned eyes of the viewers and players!

None of them were really shocked that he was number one but by the total amount of his empyrean points!

"Fifteen thousand...A whole fifteen thousand in one game." Princess Maeralya uttered with the most envious tone ever.

Even the spectating players couldn't help but clutch their hearts in agony at the sight of such a mindblowing number.

It was even worse for the other empyrean players at the bottom and the middle of the list.

"Motherf*cker...I am struggling to earn twenty empyrean points each game." Mipopo remarked with a pissed-off tone as he watched the game live.

"At least you are earning something, I am fighting just to keep my rank from decaying..." His partner sighed, "This feels just too unfair..."

Unlike Felix, the rest of the empyrean players almost never dare participate in a game that was above their average rank.

This meant that none of them would be getting a free multiplier as a base reward for taking such a risk.

This made the multipliers from the win and MVP title way too important...Alas, only one player could get them.

To make matters worse, even if a player had given the best performance in his life, if the other players managed to still beat it, he would end up in the bottom 50% and have either his points reduced or evened.

In other words, climbing the empyrean rank was simply a hellish process that took decades or centuries of hard work and goddess-like luck.

Yet, Felix shattered this grindy system with his brute force in front of the entire alliance!

LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!!!...

While the players were feeling upset, Felix's fans were chanting at the top of their lungs, knowing that Felix, a human, was getting closer and closer to the peak of the SGAlliance!

Miss Rose did them a favor as she displayed the current empyrean ranking before everyone.

1) Berserth, The Elder Dragon.

2) Lokaka, The Space Worm High Chieftain.

3) The Hive Queen's Guardian N0.

4) Aquiris, The Heavenly Turtles Minister.

5) Ygos, Black Dragon Clan Head.

6) Azesdirth, The Green Dragon Clan Head.

7) Bymid, The Red Dragon Clan Head.

8) Noballi, Space Worm Shaman.

9) Kyrsun, The White Dragon Clan Head.

10) Alfreda Olafiel, Queen of The Nine Elvish Realms.

11) Unpaid Landlord, The Void Nation's King: 15,060 EPoints.

12) Everley, The Fishermen Queen: 10,000 EPoints.

No one was shocked by the fact that the dragon race was literally dominating the top ten supreme list...They weren't referred to as the strongest race in the alliance for no reason.

If the Watchers ever decided to participate in the games, this list would have drastic changes.

Fortunately for the dragons, they weren't interested in gaining everyone's respect and worship.

"With such a massive point difference between Landlord and Queen Everley, he can be at ease for centuries that no one will be able to surpass him!" Miss Rose commentated excitedly.

"This is really a big deal as he can prepare to challenge the top ten supreme without worrying about those below him gunning for his rank." Shadowborn Ruler Hogan expressed next to the other players.

The others nodded in agreement as they understood that the most annoying thing about being in the eleventh position was being forced into challenging the top ten players to move forward.

Usually, there was nothing wrong with this, but one shouldn't forget that the players behind were able to play games and gain empyrean points.

This meant the eleventh player had two options to secure his rank, either gain a significant amount of empyrean points before hitting the eleventh rank or straightway challenge the top ten.

It was done like this by the SG Committee to make sure that the eleventh player wouldn't feel too comfortable in his position.

"Landlord, is it possible to know when you will start challenging the top ten supremes?" Miss Rose teleported next to Felix and asked with a hopeful tone.

Whether the players, the ten rulers, the viewers, or even the primogenitors, everyone quietened down and focused on Felix with looks of expectancy.

Felix glanced at the mic before lifting his head to stare at the top ten list in silence...Not everyone managed to see it, but his eyes were locked on the number one rank.

Felix turned his head slowly to the mic and stated with the calmest tone ever, "I will be ranked one this year."

Before anyone could react to his bold proclamation, Felix teleported away...

"..."

"..."

"..."

Everyone was left stunned and somewhat overwhelmed as they had never expected that Felix would be gunning for number one so freaking soon!

One year was nothing!

If it was someone else, every one of them would call him out as a fraud or an overconfident moron...But this was Felix.

He had shown them for the past two decades that his words could be weighted as gold!

WHOOOOOOAH!!!!!

Felix's fans were the first to break out of their daze and let out their inner craziness and fanatic take over at this grandiose challenge!

No one bothered to even think for a moment that Felix might not even reach rank two...Their loyalty and blind confidence in Felix's capabilities were simply unmoving!

"Can this be considered an official challenge to Elder Dragon?" Miss Rose mumbled with a dazed look.

"What else can it be?" King Treznor grinned widely, "This year is really going to be interesting."

...

Half an hour later...

The news about Felix's challenge had gone absolutely viral as everyone was discussing it with great fervor.

It was to be expected, as no one had challenged the top ten supremes in the past three centuries.

No one was capable of moving past even Queen Alfreda...Don't even mention the rest of the dragon clan heads and Elder Dragon.

Now, Felix came forth and challenged all of the top ten supremes in one year.

If he pulled this off and became ranked number one, it would be the greatest run in the entire history of the SGAlliance!