Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"You really going to aim for rank one in a single year?" Asna wondered after seeing Felix exit the shower.

"There is no point in delaying it when I need to return the Elementals Galaxy as quickly as possible." Felix answered as he dried his hair.

"You will reach 99% first before you start the challenges, right?" 

"Obviously." 

Felix might be confident in his strength, but he wasn't foolish to kickstart his climb without making sure to get all the possible free powerups first.

His answer satisfied Asna and made her drop her worries aside as she knew that Lord Shiva's abilities were simply too godly.

Having nothing to do, Felix decided to check his SG Profile as it had been a while.

// Picture: ???

Name of the participant: Unpaid Landlord_6996

Age: ???

Address: ???

Integration Level: ???

Rank: Eleventh Rank.

Games Played: 019

Wins: 019

Loss: 000

Win streak: 019

Loss Streak: 000

Eliminations: 108 //

Felix couldn't help but smile a little as the image of his first-ever profile surfaced in his mind.

"It's really hard to believe that two decades ago, you were in the bronze rank of the Human Race SGBranch." Candace expressed.

"It really is..."

Felix closed the profile, not bothering to look at his win streak or click on it to check on mystery chests rewarded.

For the win streak, he has already broken Noble Tibus's record of having seventeen wins consecutively!

He did it before he entered the Elementals Galaxy...For such a historical and magnificent achievement, Felix was obliviously showered in love and attention from his fans and all humans in general.

But, he really didn't give crap about it as the achievement merely helped him step up a couple of ranks within the Hall of Fame.

As much as he didn't care about it, the public really, really was obsessed with it...To the point, Felix's haters kept calling for the alliance to acknowledge Elder Dragon's legendary win streak as the official one.

Unlike Felix or Noble Tibus, Elder Dragon had more than twenty consecutive victories under his belt before he reached number one and never budged from it again.

Right now, there was an online petition that was more than sixteen years old with hundreds of billions of signatures to make this change official!

Luckily, the SGCommite ignored this idiotic petition and kept Felix as the official record holder.

Though, this created a long-lasting war between Felix's haters and fans that could only be ended if Felix broke Elder Dragon's unofficial win streak record.

As much as it seemed like this day was about to arrive faster than anyone anticipated, Felix still didn't give a crap about it.

***

Inside a small cozy living room with a fireplace lit on and soft leathery cushions, Saurous, Wendigo, and Manananggal could be seen sitting near the fireplace.

They had tea and wine on their hands and they seemed to be discussing no one but their favorite pain in the ass mortal.

"From what I have seen, that can't be sixteen years of development." Saurous said with a solemn tone.

"Either Lady Sphinx has done something to him or he must have found a dimension with a significant time difference." Wendigo nodded.

Although he stated two options, none of them really believed that it would be the former.

They knew that Lady Sphinx was great, but there was just no way she could alter his natural-born talent in elemental manipulations...That was something none of them were capable of doing.

It was far more believable that Felix had spent more years in a dimension with a time difference like the ancestral dimensional pocket.

Since the ancestral dimensional pocket was locked, they believed that Felix or his masters must have located a new one.

As for the Elementals Galaxy? None of them even considered it.

In their eyes, it was even less believable than Lady Sphinx finding a way to increase his natural talents!

It was understandable as Felix wouldn't have been granted access even with the favor in hand...The only reason he was allowed in was because of the earring.

"Dimensional pocket or not, this brat is getting stronger faster than my liking." Saurous said, "Sixteen years ago, he was barely able to win an empyrean game, now he is about to dethrone Elder Dragon? What kind of bullsh*t is this?"

"All of this and he still hasn't entered the origin realm." Wendigo said with a serious tone, "I have done extensive research on the human cultivation system because of him. This made me realize that the origin realm always gives more than 70% all-rounded improvement after becoming a new race. Usually, this improvement is still quite trash for normal humans, but in his case?"

Wendigo didn't add further as both of his partners understood the severity of the situation.

Based on Felix's performance, they figured out that his physical strength should be around 600k BF even though he didn't go all out.

70% or 80% of 600k BF was enough to put him in the one million range!

"One million is the separating line between mortals and deities." Manananggal said calmly, "If he managed to cross it after his origin realm, he won't be a mortal anymore and will never be."

One million BF might not seem like much, but the Darkins understood that the moment a being crossed it, his entire body would change drastically.

This would cause his reaction speed and spiritual pressure to be equal to anyone around the one million range.

This was the reason why primogenitors could not overpower each other with their spiritual pressure even if one was an elemental lord and the other was a normal primogenitor.

In the eyes of the darkins, losing the ability to kill Felix with a mere look was extremely serious!

"This isn't even the scariest part." Wendigo narrowed his eyes, "He has integrated with Lord Shiva's bloodline. This means he will be getting his ultimate ability after reaching 99% in his integration...You guys know full well how frightening it is."

The moment it was brought up, shivers coursed down their spines...Manananggal had experienced Void Domain personally and he was still more frightened by Lord Shiva's ultimate ability than it!

The shocking part? Lord Shiva's ultimate ability wasn't even a domain!!!

"I never thought I will be saying this ever in my life, but this mortal is starting to scare me a little." Wendigo said with a serious tone.

"Aren't you guys overreacting a bit?" Saruous sneered, "So what if he entered the origin realm? So what if his strength, reaction speed, and spiritual pressure were on our level? Even Lord Shiva's ultimate ability is useless if it didn't manage to land on us."

"We have spent billions of years mastering ourselves compared to this little punk...Even if he had hundreds of ultimate abilities and was on our level, he will still fail to stand before us."

This might make Saurous seem too overconfident, but he really was speaking the truth. Billions of years of experience couldn't be bridged with some mere improvements.

Even if Felix reached the same strength as the primogenitor, he would still be considered the weakest of them all.

If it was so easy to kill primogenitors just because one reached their level, then they would have slaughtered each other during their Era.

The only way to kill them was by absolutely overpowering them...Saurous might imagine Felix reaching their level, but he could never imagine him reaching a state where he could bring despair upon them.

"I am not scared of him, but of his rapid improvements." Wendigo stated coldly, "We used to believe that there was a chasm separating us and him...Look at the situation now. He is mere inches away from us and it will be utterly foolish to let him take that last step."Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Saurous and Mannangal knitted their eyebrows at his last statement.

"Are you saying that we should make a move on him before he reaches Origin Realm?"

"Yes." Wendigo confirmed it with a solemn tone.

"Are you insane?" Saurous retorted instantly, "You want us to get hunted down by Lord Khoas?"

Saurous might want Felix dead more than anyone, but he understood that Lord Khaos had already given them his last warning when he killed Mannangal's clone.

In other words, if they dared make a personal move on Felix, even if they killed him, he would make sure to fulfill his word and end their lives!

"I admit that Lord Khaos is a giant problem, but we just can't stay still and watch that bastard cross over the mortal line. If he made it to the Origin Realm, it will be a hundred times more difficult to kill him than now. At that point, even if Lord Khaos was done with him, it will be too late for us to do anything." Wendigo stressed.

Saruous didn't have a retort against his explanation...He also knew that their options had already been exhausted and the only way to finish off Felix was through them.

If Felix reached Origin Realm, even that option wouldn't be viable anymore.

Forget that Felix would be able to survive their spiritual pressure and have a similar reaction speed to read their attacks, the fact that he still had four primogenitors backing him up already made it extremely difficult.

"It's really either now or never." Wendigo sighed.

"He is already a pain in the ass at his state, I don't want to deal with him after he becomes a deity." Manananggal jumped in with his usual composed expression.

"What do you suggest then? Don't tell me it's the same as him." Saurous frowned.

"Killing him is the easy part, dealing with Lord Khaos is also easy." Mannangal looked at them and said calmly, "It just depends on how much you are willing to give up on your current lifestyle."

"What do you mea...Don't tell me." Wendigo figured out his partner's plan midway, causing his eyes to widen in surprise.

"What? Fill me in." Saurous got annoyed.

Wendigo looked at him and uttered with a stern tone, "He wants us to escape to the other side of the universe after the deed." 