Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Felix had an idea about the results of the trident, but not in his wildest dreams did he think that it was going to be this brutally destructive!

"That sent shivers down my spine." Candace said with a look of dread on her face.

"I can't believe that there is an entire race capable of such destructiveness." Felix uttered, "I honestly don't know if I should feel thankful that they aren't active in the universe or not."

He ought to feel this way as the trident had destroyed even reality as he knew it...He couldn't imagine if Shiva's Apostles participated in the games against them and used such abilities.

He knew for a fact that the top ten Supremes would be monopolized by them!

"Don't be mistaken...This ability might seem like a common destructive one, but you have lucked out on it." Jörmungandr shared calmly.

"Hmm? What do you mean?" Felix raised an eyebrow in confusion.

"Destruction element can be split up into four categories...There is normal destruction, construction, concept destruction, and lastly total destruction." Jörmungandr disclosed.

He didn't need to explain in detail about those categories as Felix understood each one and what did it represent due to his current arsenal of abilities.

"My destruction cube can be classified in the first category as it is capable of destroying anything inside of it as long as it was made out of atoms."

This was the reason why the destruction cube had erased only the chasm's master existence instead of destroying everything inside of it.

"Meanwhile, my second active ability is Construction cube and it allows me to reconstruct anything that I have destroyed with my abilities. So, this is the second category."

pαпdα Йᴏνê|,сòМ Felix's first two active abilities were Destruction cube and Construction cube...It might seem weird that an element known for just destruction would be capable of construction.

But it wasn't that peculiar in a logical sense.

As he mentioned, Construction cube enabled him to recreate anything physical that he destroyed using the element.

This meant he could have reconstructed the chasm's master if he desired...However, it would be just his corpse since the ability couldn't reconstruct the soul.

In a sense, it was simply reversing what was destroyed, which was still considered one of the capabilities of the element.

The creation primogenitor was also capable of utterly destroying anything he had created, but he couldn't do the same to others.

"This means Concept destruction is capable of destroying even space, time, mental energy, souls, illusion, reality, and even other types of forces, like gravity, nuclear, and electromagnetic force."

Felix paused for a second before asking the big question, "Does this implies that Shiva's descendants aren't capable of creating concept-destroying abilities? Even when they have limited destruction manipulation?"

"All I know is that concept-destroying abilities are similar to advanced abilities in terms of difficulty." Jörmungandr explained, "In other words, it would take a prodigy and an insane amount of dedication to learn and master just one."

"I see."

Now it made more sense to Felix...He just couldn't fathom before that the universe would allow millions of beings capable of destroying reality without trying to balance things out.

Since concept-destroying abilities were considered as advanced in difficulty, this signified that only King Mahit should have mastered one.

Who knows? He might even not have bothered to waste his time mastering them since his entire race was imprisoned.

"Try Destruction Mark passive on it, maybe you will able to control the targeted concept?" Asna suggested with an intrigued tone.

"If it works on my destruction cube, it should work on this too, right?"

Felix was also curious about this as his destruction mark allowed him to control the target for his destruction abilities.

For example, when he used his destruction cube on the chasm's master, he didn't bother to control anything.

However, if he used this passive, he would have been given the option to mark just the mucus on the chasm's master skin.

In turn, this would allow the destruction cube to destroy only the mucus even if the chasm's master head went through it.

This was extremely useful as Felix would have more control over what to destroy and what to leave behind instead of just obliterating everything.

"Let's try something easy to spot like gravity."

Without further ado, Felix manifested another trident. Instead of throwing it away, he used his destruction mark on gravity.

Whoosh Whoosh!

He started waving and playing with the trident around him.

Before he could realize it, the sense of gravity that was keeping him grounded began to disappear!

"It's working!"

Felix smiled widely in delight as his feet began rising after the gravity around him was utterly destroyed!

Everything else was left untouched...Even when Felix tried to cut the grass blades, the trident merely passed through them.

The only thing affected was gravity and nothing else!

After a few moments of screwing around in zero gravity, Felix threw the trident as hard as he could toward a tree.

The trident made no noise as it passed through the tree akin to a ghost!

However, everything in the trident's path was affected by its destruction of gravity, causing the grass blades, leaves, pebbles, branches, and whatnot to start levitating in the air.

Thud!

Meanwhile, Felix fell back to the ground in a few seconds at best...It wasn't by his own choice as the gravity was restored to normal again.

"Looks like the destruction duration depends on what I have marked."

Felix commentated as he watched the rest of the objects return to the ground in a couple of seconds as well.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

When he used the Concept Destruction Spear, it shattered everything around its contact zone.

However, everything was healed in a split second, which implied that laws still had better domination than destruction.

"That only applies against your trident and other weaker concept-destroying abilities." Thor informed, "Lord Shiva was capable of erasing entire planets and stars from existence without them leaving a trace or the possibility of recovery."

"I expected as much." Felix nodded.

Although Felix didn't unlock many more powerful concept-destroying abilities, he was still more than satisfied with his trident...He was just glad that he unlocked one of them as he had merely four chances to get advanced active abilities before reaching 99%.

It wasn't that easy when there were thousands of active abilities in the pool.

"I was always meaning to ask, is the destruction element better than the void element in terms of destructiveness?"

Felix inquired with a curious tone as he created another trident and marked space as the target.

"Both elements might have a similar goal, which is total deletion until nothingness remains, but they are different and shouldn't be compared." Lady Sphinx clarified, "Void element is energy-based while destruction is a concept. While destruction is an instant process, void energy disintegrates and eats its target on a cellular level until nothing remains."

"So, if we just considered destruction as the sole judge, then obviously, the destruction element is much better since void energy is seeking to achieve the concept of destruction through its disintegration."

"However, the void element being an energy base element was a huge advantage over destruction since it means that it can interact with reality significantly better."

"There is an entire void realm filled with void energy mirroring the universe, intelligent creatures can be born of void energy, and most mostly, there are degrees to the kind of destruction void energy is capable of depending on its purity, unlike the destruction element."

"Destruction mark might allow you to choose what to destroy and what to leave, but you still have no control over the result, which is destruction."

"Meanwhile, void energy can range from taking hours to destroy an object to instant destruction by using the void domain."

"At the peak of both elements, both of their elemental domains achieve the same results at almost the same time, so they are pretty even in this."

"All in all, it's best to avoid comparing elements and judging them to be weaker than another just because one element performs better than the other in a single department."

"I understand." Felix nodded.

Felix's doubts were cleared at once with Lady Sphinx's thorough explanation.

He discerned now that the void element isn't seeking destruction as its main objective, it's just that's how void energy behaved in reality.

Just like water nourished and provided life to most lifeforms in the universe, void energy simply disintegrated anything it touched.

'Speaking about the void element, have you made in progress with the void domain's situation?' Jörmungandr asked.

'It's not looking too promising.' Lady Sphinx shook her head, 'It was already difficult with the previous method as his genes were pretty much stacked up and allow no room for unnatural additions. With more bloodlines adding to the mix, it's getting more impossible to give him the void domain genomes without causing a total meltdown of his DNA.'

'That doesn't sound promising indeed.' Thor sighed, 'Does this mean he has to give up on the void domain?'

Even a primogenitor like him felt his heart pained at the thought of losing a legit domain because of such technicalities.

'All I know is that it's impossible to give him void domain before origin realm.' Lady Sphinx shared.

'Will there be a chance after the origin realm?' Jörmungandr raised an eyebrow in surprise.

'I am not certain yet, but changing the entire DNA field can only mean giving new possibilities.' Lady Sphinx anwsered.

'Well, I guess we can only hope for the best.' Thor stated as he watched Felix continue testing his trident on other concepts.

He knew that destruction abilities were godly, but a domain was still a domain...