Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After several hours, Felix concluded his Concept Destruction Trident tests. He was pleasantly satisfied with its utilities and flexibility while maintaining its destructiveness.

When he finished it, he moved on to his fourth unlocked active ability. It wasn't an advanced ability like the trident, but still, it had its useful assets and Felix was more delighted to have it than not.

"I guess it's time for a chat with Queen Alfreda."

Felix returned to his house and sat on the couch next to Asna, who was watching a movie in peace.

"She will reject your request." Asna said as she paused the movie.

"It's still worth the shot."

Felix dialed the number and kept waiting patiently for Queen Alfreda to pick up.

Now that he had reached 60% in his integration, he felt that it was time to restart his climb. Since Queen Alfreda was his first barrier to his goal, he was forced to challenge her.

But, Felix didn't want to fight her as he knew that it wouldn't end well for her.

She might be extremely unpleasant and racist towards him during their first meeting, but still, their relationship was somewhat fixed and became neutral, which was something extraordinary when considering that Queen Alfreda hated humans to the core.

Cluck!

"What do you want?" Queen Alfreda asked with a stoic expression the moment her face appeared on the holographic screen.

"You know what I want." Felix smiled.

"It ain't happening." Queen Alfreda narrowed her eyes at him.

"Why? I trust that you are smart enough to realize that you just can't beat me regardless of what you do. Why not just save us both the time and trouble and decline the challenge?" Felix sighed.

"Strength has nothing to do with this." Queen Alfreda shook her head, "If I was a mere player representing myself, I would have avoided you, but I represent the nine elvish realms. It's not dignified or honorable for a Queen to not even accept a challenge."

"I had an assumption it will be that." Felix scratched his forehead as he smiled wryly, "Then, I guess this is happening."

"May I ask why you want me to not fight you?" Queen Alfreda knitted her eyebrows, "I assumed that you will be taking this chance to teach me a lesson for my treatment in the past."

"I might look a bit evil, but I am not that bad, you know?" Felix smiled faintly, "I never wanted conflict with you, I just saught to learn runic spells, nothing more, nothing less."

"I see..."

Queen Alfreda tried her best to keep her expression composed and indifferent, but Felix could see a hint of shame in her eyes.

It was shame produced by her unconditional dislike of Felix after projecting her hatred of her fiance on him.

When she thought about it, besides the incident when Felix had almost emptied their essence fountain water, he had been nothing but a great guest.

He respected his boundaries with her little sister and never took advantage of her even though she was physically throwing herself at him.

He motivated her to work much harder on her spellcasting instead of lazing around before meeting him. 

He even took her with him to the Elementals Galaxy, an opportunity that wasn't given to primogenitors.

She might be a stubborn Queen, but she wasn't completely emotionless...

Queen Alfreda regained control of her emotions and asked him, "When are you going to voice your challenge?" 

"Preferably today." Felix anwsered with a faint smile as he stared directly into her eyes.

He knew that she might not have apologized out loud, but he could feel that she reflected on her past behavior and wasn't going to be such a b*tch around him anymore.

This was all that Felix ever wanted.

"I see, good luck then." Queen Alfreda nodded.

Just as she was about to hang up to start her preparation, she stopped herself and asked with a bit of a concerned tone, "May I ask how is Selphie doing there?"

"I thought you will never ask." Felix chuckled, "She is doing much better than me, I tell you that."

"What do you mean?" Queen Alfreda raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"She has already mastered all the known time spells and is focusing on creating new ones. She actually succeeded in creating a new lesser-time spell." Felix shared with a bit of an envious tone.

"Is that the truth?" Queen Alfreda seemed pleasantly joyous at her little sister's monstrous improvements.

She knew that mastering an omnipotent time spell was already an unbelievable achievement, but to start creating her new time spells? That was just unimaginable!

That's because creating runic spells required studying the runic codex and comprehending it at such a high level that it would be able to extract spells from its ancient and holy sentences!

While ancient elves and current highly intelligent researchers elves were capable of extracting spells of all grades from it, none of them had ever extracted a spell of such highly complex elements as space, time, death, life....etc!

Only Lady Yggdrasil managed to do it!

"You don't have to worry about her, she is in good hands." Felix expressed.

"Thank you." Queen Alfreda cracked a faint dazzling smile towards Felix at last, catching him by surprise.

'I guess she is really happy about her little sister.' Asna commentated.

"You're welcome." Felix smiled back.

Queen Alfreda nodded at him one last time before hanging up. 

"I may not have gotten what I wanted, but this is good too." Felix said with a pleased tone.

It might not seem like much, but his relationship with Queen Alfreda was clearly on the right path as the bad blood between them was cleared.

This was good for Felix as it meant that he would have Queen Alfreda's side in the ten rulers' assembly, which should facilitate any of his future decisions.

"Since she decided to drop her hatred for me, I might do her a small favor during the fight." Felix chuckled.

"You really are too nice." Asna remarked sarcastically after reading his plan.

"I know, right?" Felix smiled innocently.

"Idiot." Asna rolled her eyes at him and unpaused the movie.

Felix planned to voice the challenge to Queen Ai, but after seeing a kissing scene popping on the movie, he glanced at Asna's plump rosy lips and couldn't help but change his plan.

Felix edged closer to Asna and put his arm around her, before pushing her near his chest gently...Asna smiled in enjoyment as she cuddled with him.

"You know, we had an old famous saying in my home." Felix showed an honest smile as he said, "It's called, Netflix and Chill."

"Hmm? What does it mean?" Asna tilted her head in confusion.

"You will find out soon enough." Felix grinned as his previous harmless hand that was massaging her shoulder, slipped into her marshmallow-soft breasts.

"You really can't cuddle in peace." Asna's cheeks turned slightly red, but she didn't reject his naughty massaging.

"This is how men cuddle." Felix replied with a wolf-like grin as his other hand snuck under her pajama pants and played with her sacred fruit.

Asna's breath got a bit erratic as the pleasure started washing over her body while her temperature kept raising akin to a rice cooker.

When she finally couldn't take it, she lifted her head and started making out with Felix passionately while her hand went to wake up his little general for duty.

'It's getting a bit hot up there.' Thor remarked as he peeked above him with a perverted grin.

'Can you not be disgusting just once?' Jörmungandr's eyelids twitched as he closed the connection, giving those two young lovers some privacy.

'Tsk, I didn't need to watch anyways, I already know the outcome.' Thor clicked his tongue, knowing that those two weren't going to take it all the way again.

They have done everything else but seal the deal, which wasn't Felix's fault at all as he was more than ready.

'Leave her be, it's her first time and she wants it to be perfect.' Jörmungandr said calmly.

'There is no such a thing as the perfect first time, she is chasing fairytales and dragging our boy with her.' Thor retorted, not too pleased with Asna's blue balling his student.

Thor was quite a womanizer in his old days as he had harems of thousands of the most gorgeous women in the universe...So, in his eyes, sex was just sex and there shouldn't be such a big fuzz about it.

'I think she wants her first time to be in the real world. There is no other explanation for dragging this for more than a thousand years.' Carbuncle joined their conversation while chilling under the artificial sun.

'I had the same notion.' 

'Ummm.'

Jörmungandr and Thor nodded in agreement. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In their eyes, since those two had done everything else, it only meant that the problem wasn't Asna's shyness anymore.

She was more than ready to take it to the next stage...Her refusal only meant that she desired her first time to happen in the real world, not in a virtual or spiritual world.

UVR might have 100% realism, which meant all the sensations would be the same as the real world, but still...In her eyes, it wasn't going to be the same as in the real world.

While most couples stop having sex in the real world completely and transferred it to the UVR to go nuts without worries about anything, Asna still believed that only reality could convey the true feelings of both partners.

Obviously, Asna wasn't a stone-hearted person. She also was finding it harder and harder to stay true to this belief every time she had gotten intimate with Felix.

Who knows? She might end up completely giving to the pleasure one day and take it all the way even in the UVR...