Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

One hour later... 

Felix could be seen in his office with a faint smile that would make anyone believe that he was in a good mood.

Meanwhile, Asna was still sitting on the couch and watching the same movie...The only difference was that she had changed her pajama and had somewhat of a natural glow.

They might not have gotten all the way, but both parties were left more than satisfied with each other's comfort.

"Queen, I would like to challenge the Tenth Supreme, Queen Alfreda Olafiel." Felix requested.

"Are you sure? Have you read all the rules about the challenge?" Queen Ai asked for confirmation.

"Yes."

Felix gave his confirmation as he had already read everything there was to know about the Ten Supremes' battles.

Firstly, he had only one chance to challenge the Tenth Supreme, and if he was defeated, he would be forced to wait an entire decade for another opportunity.

This was considered as a death sentence for the eleventh rank since he would neither be able to play games with other empyrean players nor challenge the Ten Supremes.

A decade was more than enough for the twelve-ranked player to replace him...Though, this was considered an issue only for the other players and not Felix.

Secondly, the challenge was a one vs one in a random arena setting without many strict rules like the ones in the games.

It was done like this to give the players complete freedom in their battle to resemble a fight in the real world to make it as fair as possible.

In a sense, it would be more or less the same as his fight with Duchess Alina...Though, surrender and revival coupons were allowed.

Thirdly, if Felix won the battle, he would be safe from being challenged for an entire decade. After that, his tenth Supreme title would be open for the market.

There were many other minor rules and terms, but those were the big ones.

After receiving his confirmation, Queen Ai forwarded his challenge to the SG Committee as they would be the ones handling it.

Felix went to restart his daily training, knowing that the battle would start in a week at minimum after Queen Alfreda accepted it.

***

One week later...

"Is everyone as excited as I am? This is a big day for everyone in the alliance as we will finally see some changes happening at the top ten list!"

A stunning male influencer expressed with a passionate tone as watched an ongoing stream of a packed-to-the-brim stadium.

He was streaming the stream to his followers. Usually, he merely had a couple of million live viewers, but today, he shattered the viewership ceiling by having more than a hundred million viewers watching him react to the upcoming battle!

This random influencer wasn't the only one taking advantage of the publicity to advertise his name as almost all streamers were doing the same.

They knew that whatever genre they used to focus on wouldn't matter to even their most hardcore fans on this very special day.

[I honestly didn't expect Queen Alfreda to accept the challenge, don't even mention trying to get it done as fast as possible.]

[It's normal, she has surrender coupons and probably even a revival coupon. It's better to lose her life here and revive than be labeled as a coward.]

[I guess everyone is under the assumption that Landlord has this in the bag? Heh, you guys have no idea how frightening my Queen is.]

This sort of conversation was occurring across most of the chat streams as everyone was extremely confident that Felix was going to dominate this battle.

After everything he had shown them, it would be stupid to bet on Queen Alfreda.

Even the gambling dens were heavily favoring Felix's victory, which caused his fans to feel upset that he wasn't receiving the underdog treatment anymore.

God knows how many wealthy people Felix had made through gambling on him.

Still, the elves seemed to have some sort of unconditional confidence that their Queen wouldn't get as destroyed as everyone was portraying it.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Suddenly, the conversation came to an abrupt half after a savvy tall, and a thin man appeared in the middle of the arena while holding a small microphone.

His tailored suit hugged his lean frame perfectly, and his polished leather shoes clicked against the white-tilled floor. But it was his mustache that was impossible to miss. It was twisted and curled in a way that seemed almost unnatural, yet somehow it suited him. His dark hair was neatly combed back, and a small smile played at the corners of his mouth.

He exuded a certain confidence and charm that made him resemble an aristocratic French noble. If it wasn't for his slightly green skin and drooped ears, anyone would mistake him for one.

"Good morning everyone. I am your host, Sir Victoire of Hellebore Flower Clan." He introduced himself while bowing before everyone.

Clap Clap Clap!..

With his entry and unique appearance, he received some polite claps here and there.

"I am appointed as judge and MC for all battles related to the Ten Supremes Titles. So, I am a bit grateful for Landlord as I have been unemployed for the past decade." He cracked a joke with a faint crackle, making the audience like him a bit more.

"Without any more suspension, how about we give a round of applause to our brave and honorable leaders."

The moment he said so, Felix and Queen Alfreda were teleported into the middle of the empty white-tilled arena.

WHOOOOH!!! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!! LANDLORD!!! MY QUEEN!!!

The crowd went absolutely nuts after their eyes landed on those two breathtaking and authoritative figures, who seem to be emitting a dignified aura that made even the viewers from different races feel the urge to show the utmost respect!

pαпdα-ňᴏνê|·сóМ "Your fans are really something." Queen Alfreda commentated as Felix's name kept booming in her ears nonstop.

If it was another player, this kind of imposing pressure might mess up with their psyche before the fight, but not Queen Alfreda.

"They aren't so bad." Felix smiled as he lifted his hand and turned it into a fist.

Just like an orchestra's conductor controlling his musicians, the fans went from wild to mute almost instantly.

This caused Queen Alfreda to raise an eyebrow in surprise as she didn't expect Felix to have such a massive influence on his fanbase!

Not everyone listened to Felix's shushing request, but more than 90% did...This was enough to make her understand that his fans were close to the level of worship!

"I believe that both parties know the rules fully well, so I won't be wasting everyone's time by repeating them." Sir Victoire said as he clapped his hands twice, causing both Felix and Queen Alfreda to get teleported to extreme sides of the arena.

The battleground chosen was a clean normal flat-surfaced gladiator arena.

Though, it wasn't small in the slightest as it stretched for hundreds of kilometers, giving both players the freedom to go all out.

"The battle will commence in thirty seconds!" Sir Victoire announced as he teleported to his platform, leaving the arena to those two monsters.

"I hope he won't embarrass her too much." Emperor Lokhil said what was on most of his peers' minds.

Elder Dragon, High Chieftain Lokaka, and the rest of the ten rulers had all attended the stadium and were spectating from the highest point in the sky above everyone else.

"If she didn't want to get embarrassed, she should have declined the challenge." Elder Dragon sneered, "Making this take longer than it should."

The others ignored his remark as he was clearly irritated that his fight with Felix was getting delayed because of her.

"Three! Two! One!! Fight!"

Soon, everyone ignored him and refocused on the battle after Sir Victoire gave both parties the freedom to move.

'Let's give them a beautiful show, shall we?' Felix smiled as he eyed Queen Alfreda from a distance.