Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Suddenly, a towering wooden celestial, tens of kilometers tall, with thousands of arms stretching out in all directions rose from the center jungle.

The celestial's face was serene and peaceful and its body was carved with intricate patterns and designs that seemed to glow under the Star of Salvation.

The celestial's presence was awe-inspiring, radiating a sense of ancient wisdom and spiritual power.

This left most of the viewers with mouth agape, not daring to believe that runic nature spells were capable of such creation.

Ka-Thumb!! Ka-Thumb!!..

Without needing Queen Alfreda to say anything, the thousand-armed wooden celestial started walking in direction of the heated warzone.

With each step it took, the arena trembled, causing those soldiers to lose their balance. Still, they stood back up and continued killing each other.

'I guess she made up her mind.' Felix smiled faintly as he cracked his knuckles, preparing to end this.

Without an ounce of hesitation, he teleported in front of the wooden titan the moment it arrived at the battlefield!

Just like it possessed some sort of radar, immediately after Felix appeared underneath it, the wooden celestial ten arms at him!

The wind hollowed as the ten arms sliced through it with great intensity, causing anyone to tense up against them.

But not Felix...He merely lifted his head and stared at the incoming wooden palms with an indifferent expression.

He neither moved out of the way nor seemed like he planned to defend himself. This sight caught everyone by surprise as they knew that Felix might be extremely strong, but those palms weren't a joke in the slightest!

Just as Sir Victoire was about to comment on this, the ten wooden palms landed on Felix and the entire area around him simultaneously!

BAAAAM!!!!

The noise produced was enough to make the viewers feel a slight shiver course down their spine.

Dust and smokey debris were lifted in the air, blocking everyone's sight, but the hundreds of shattered sand and plant soldiers made them understand that the situation wasn't pleasant.

"Did King Maxwell teleport to safety?" King Treznor frowned as he scanned the area around the dust cloud, believing that Felix must have gotten out of the way in time if he didn't defend himself.

This was what almost everyone believed.

This belief made their reaction more extreme after the dust cloud cleared out and Felix's shadowy figure reappeared without a single scratch on him!

"Impossible!"

"Huh??"

"Did he block them with his body alone?!!"

Princess Maerlyra's four eyes widened in shock after noticing that Felix was surrounded by shattered gigantic wooden hands.

The rest of the inner circle leaders and viewers shared the same reaction as her.

Ka-thumb!!

The wooden celestial didn't seem to understand what happened as it ignored its shattered wooden arms and continued its assault on Felix!

Bamm! Bamm!! Bamm!!

The ground kept shaking with each strike, causing the entire battlefield to be thrown into an utter mess.

No one seemed to care anyone about those soldiers as everyone's eyes were affixed wholly on Felix's area.

When the wooden celestial stopped and the dust cloud went away, most of the spectators couldn't help but take in a deep cold breath in stupefaction at Felix's unharmed body!

The only change that happened was that more shattered wooden arms were around him and that the cracks on his body were illuminating like he was a bomb on the verge of explosion.

"What the hell did he do to make his body this hard?!"

The inner circle leaders and the majority of the viewers had absolutely no idea about Felix's destruction bloodline, making them incapable of figuring out the truth.

As for the ten rulers? Elder Dragon and High Chieftain Lokaka were seen knitting their eyebrows deeply at the awe aspiring scene of Felix walking towards the celestial while facing one assault after another without a change of expression.

'Destruction immunity, how troublesome...' Elder Dragon thought to himself.

He already knew that this passive was going to be an insane pain in the ass when he fight Felix...But knowing was one thing and seeing it in action was another.please visit

Still, this hadn't shaken his confidence and pride even a little...It was for a good reason.

'His body might not be destroyed by such force, but he must be feeling pain like normal.' Elder Dragon narrowed his eyes coldly, 'If so, I will make him beg for me to kill him.'

He clearly planned on harming Felix nonstop until his mental fortitude give in to the pain before his body...It was a great plan.

Alas, the next sight was going to make him understand that he didn't even have such luxury.

"Why is Landlord's body illuminating brightly?"

Sir Victoire wondered out loud after the celestial had finally stopped assaulting Felix.

It wasn't because Queen Alfreda ordered him, but he had no more arms to be used!!

He literally turned itself into a handicapped wooden statue even though it had thousands of arms!

Yet, no one was focusing on it as their eyes were pointed at Felix's peculiar bright body.

Unbeknownst to the confusion his mutation had created, Felix merely tightened his right hand into a fist and murmured, "This should be enough."

He lifted his head back up and eyed the center of the celestial's wooden chest. Then, he blinked right in front of it without hesitation.

The moment the camera managed to trace Felix's movement and placed him on the big screen, his fluorescent blinding fist made contact with the celestial's chest.

With the celestial's size reaching up to tens of kilometers, Felix resembled a tiny ant using its weak little arm to poke a whale.

Everyone's rational thinking process made them assured that nothing drastic should happen, but the next scene absolutely shattered their rationality...

The brilliant punch landed on the wooden surface with a loud thud...The impact sent a shockwave through Felix's arm, jarring his bones and rattling his teeth.

He could feel the sting of the blow reverberating through his entire body, a testament to the force with which he had struck the wood.

Yet, whatever he felt was nowhere near what happened to the celestial's chest.

Under the dumbfounded and shocked eyes of the viewers, a giant perfectly circular hole emerged from both sides of the celestial's torso, making it resemble a tunnel created out of machinery instead of a mere human's punch!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

This wasn't even close to the end as the force of the punch was barely weakened by Celestial's body.

The impact of the blow was so catastrophic, it sent shockwaves rippling through the battlefield, turning anything that was physical into dust particles!

It still continued on its journey at the speed of sound until it reached Queen Alfreda and her precious jungle.

Her stunned expression was changed for the worst as the massive shockwave was so great it created a vacuum, sucking in the surrounding air and leaving a massive crater in place of the jungle!

As the dust settled, everyone's expressions were as pale as paper and their eyes seemed to reflect an untold level of deep terror.

Whether it was the quick-witted MC, the ten rulers, the inner circle leaders, or the rest of the viewers, words seemed to turn into the air the moment they opened their mouths.

'What...The...'

'Impossible...'

'How can this be real...'

As their aghast eyes scanned the ruined battlefield and the jungle, most of them realized that they had just witnessed possibly the strongest punch ever recorded in the alliance!!

  Queen Ai confirmed it immediately by releasing a notification on the big screen that said:

-A new punch record has been set, 984,487 BF.-

Elder Dragon, High Chieftain Lokaka, and everyone in the top Ten Supremes had their expressions turn for the worst the moment they read that monstrous number.

Even Elder Dragon's carefree attitude was nowhere to be seen anymore as the strength of this punch was even greater than what he could offer!

'This is getting dangerous.' He thought with a deep frown.

He was finally awakened, awakened to the truth, that Felix wasn't just going to be a troublesome opponent, but potentially a life-ending one!