BOOOOM!!

Abruptly, everyone was awakened from their daze after the celestial's body ended up blowing up into fragments!

The punch's force was concentrated enough to penetrate through its torso, but its shockwave had still traveled across its entire body, leaving it filled with unrestorable cracks.

Only now did it give in and fall to the ground, creating a mountain of shattered wood in the center of the silent battlefield.

WOOOOOOOOAH!!!!!

Just like their brains were switched on, the crowd erupted into cheers, their unified voices ringing through the air like a chorus of maddened angels.

Even the elves seemed to have been carried by the heated atmosphere as they cheered with Felix's fans as well, not realizing that this ending was going to affect their lives negatively!

Who could blame them for a such reaction?

They had just witnessed for the first time in their lives, a physical punch that almost crossed one million BF!

A number that was believed by the public to be unreachable by anyone as even Elder Dragon's strongest demonstrated force was limited at 700K BF!

Obviously, this was recorded at the earliest days of the alliance, and Elder Dragon should have surpassed it by now, but still...

"Almost one million BF...I am honestly speechless..."

Sir Victoire commentated while staring with unblinking eyes at Felix who teleported above the mountain of wood while dusting his hands in a carefree manner.

"Is he even a human anymore? Forget that, is he even a mortal anyone?" Queen Allura expressed with an astounded expression.

She might be Felix's senior sister, but she was just as ignorant about Felix's strength as the others.

This made her find it extremely difficult to believe that this was the same junior brother who knew almost absolutely nothing about laws just a decade ago.

"That kind of force wasn't natural." Empress Emily analyzed emotionlessly, "Each time he got hit by the wooden celestial, his body has gotten hotter, which translates to accepting a high level of untapped chaotic force...He released it all during his punch."

"No wonder his body kept turning brighter." Minister Aquiris said.

"With his destruction immunity, doesn't this means that he can absorb any upcoming force without limit and release it at once?" Emperor Lokhil raised an eyebrow in surprise as he instinctively glanced at Elder Dragon.

Everyone did the same after understanding the significant and horrifying implications of this kind of ability.

"This will make it slightly more interesting than it is, nothing more, nothing less." Elder Dragon disclosed indifferently at their weird looks.

If it was someone else saying this, they would believe that he was just full of sh*t and didn't want to make himself weak before them.

But when it came from Elder Dragon? All of them were left to believe that maybe he had something in his sleeves to handle it.

"Congratulation to Landlord for becoming the Tenth Supreme! A well-deserved title for one of the greatest players to grace the platform!"

Abruptly, their conversation was forced to a halt after Sir Victoire voiced this announcement passionately in the stadium.

When they focused back on the arena, they found out that Queen Alfreda had already surrendered without wasting a single second.

After what she had witnessed, she knew that no one was going to use her surrender as a way to humiliate her and her people.

'Thanks for going easy on me.' Queen Alfreda nodded in appreciation at Felix.

'It's nothing.' Felix smiled back.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Soon, their conversation was interrupted by Sir Victoire as he appeared next to Felix and interviewed him, "Is it possible to know if you will take a pause or continue your challenges?"

"I challenge Kyrsun, the white dragon clan head." Felix anwsered bluntly with another challenge.

Then, he teleported outside of the stadium, leaving everyone somewhat speechless.

They knew that Felix planned on ending all of his challenges in less than a year, but they didn't expect that he wouldn't stop for even a day in between!please visit

***

After Felix returned to his house, he gave Asna a peck on the lips and sat next to her on the couch without bothering to take even a shower.

The fight was so easy, it took almost no effort out of him.

"Do you think it was smart to show Elder Dragon your force absorption passive? You could have ended the fight with other methods." Asna wondered lazily as she glanced at him.

"I know, but I wanted to show it to everyone in hopes of them declining the challenge and saving me the trouble. "As for Elder Dragon?" Felix snickered as he opened a cold alcoholic beverage, "I want true despair to start building in his heart as he scrambles to find ways to deal with me. It's been a long while since his pride was touched, and I think it's more fun to crack it slowly before shattering it at once."

While the other challenges were just for business, Elder Dragon's battle was as personal as it could be...Felix was going to make sure that he receive the best kind love out of him.

Ring Ring!

Felix's AP bracelet started ringing suddenly, making him glance at the screen. When he saw the caller's name, he murmured, "I knew it will be him."

He picked up the call and answered with a polite tone, "How are you doing, Elder Kyrsun?"

"Haha, I was fine a few minutes ago." Clan head Kyrsun chuckled.

"My apologies for the public challenge, I just wanted a reason to dip away." Felix coughed.

Felix might have bad blood with Elder Dragon and even dislike most of the dragons due to their overbearing pride, but he still acted respectfully toward Clan head Kyrsun.

After all, he was nothing but good to him during his stay in Icaruis' galaxy and if it wasn't for his support, he might not have reached this far.

"Don't mind it, private or public, I don't care." Clan head Kyrsun smiled, "I called you to congratulate you on your victory as well as let you know that I will be forfeiting the challenge."

"Are you sure?" Felix fixed his posture and said with a solemn tone, "I don't have an issue with my making our battle a bit balanced."

Felix had absolutely no plans of ever doing this to the other challengers, but clan head Kyrsun deserved some love after he took care of him in his palace.

"I appreciate it, but I would rather be embarrassed through a forfeit over faking a battle to keep my pride unwounded." Clan head Kyrsun shook his head, "If I accepted the challenge, I will go all out even if it means dropping dead in the process."

"I see..."

Somehow, Felix felt that clan head Kyrsun's answer would be like this. Dragons' innate pride was so overbearing, they would never try to protect it through dishonorable actions.

Queen Alfreda was different as the only thing she cared about was her race's honor and she would do anything to keep it from being touched.

"Anyhow, keep up the hard work and I can't wait to watch your battle with Elder Dragon." Clan head Kyrsun smiled, "We are all rooting for you."

"Huh? Why? Shouldn't you root for Elder Dragon?" Felix was taken aback.

"If you know what we knew, you would understand." Clan head Kyrsun showed a faint bitter smile before he said his goodbyes and hang up the call.

After the call was disconnected, Felix was left looking at Asna with a weirded-out look.

"Maybe they want you to win since they aren't too pleased with their people's royal gemstones being devoured by him in the past years?" Asna guessed, "He is quite the big bully and I don't think any one of them can stand up to him."

"Maybe, but this fight isn't going to change anything about that." Felix said, "In their eyes, even if I killed him, he will be revived and still keep his position as the dragons' leader."

"Hmm, they probably found out that you can destroy souls and are rooting for you to kill him for real."

"Possibly." Felix rested his chin on his arm thoughtfully, 'Here I thought that I will be starting a war with the dragon race if I killed their leader for real. I guess it's more complicated than that.'

A few moments later, Felix's thought process was broken by Queen Ai informing him about Clan head Kyrsun's declining his challenge.

This made him straightaway jump to the ninth rank. Without delay, Felix challenged the eight Supreme, Noballi!

"Space Worm Shaman Noballi, the wife of High Chieftain Lokaka. If she doesn't forfeit, this is going to be one of the most annoying fights ever." Felix knitted his eyebrows in irritation, knowing that high-leveled space worms were the worst to fight.

His spatial runic spells were considered a mere joke before those monsters who spend their entire lives using space manipulation for a living!