Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After the challenge was released, the SG Committee delivered it to Noballi, Space Worm Shaman.

High Chieftain Lakaka was informed by his wife about it, making him drop his duties and return home to discuss this grave situation.

As the second Supreme and leader of one of the richest races in the universe, one would assume that his house should be a palace that was stretching for thousands of kilometers.

But in reality? He was living a simple life inside a simpler tribal house that was exuding warmth and a sense of community.

The floor was covered in vibrantly colored woven mats, and the walls were constructed from woven reeds.

Candlelight and the rare beam of sunshine that entered through the thatched ceiling provided a soothing illumination for the space.

A sizable fire pit with dancing flames that threw flickering shadows on the walls was in the room's center. The aroma of burning wood and embers crackling filled the air.

"You can't accept the challenge." High Chieftain Lakaka said with a solemn tone as he eyed his wife, who was sitting on the opposite side.

Just like him, Noballi had a huge body that was at least five meters long and was coated in shimmering scales that sparkled under the dim light of the fireplace...She had antennas that shone like jewels and had an otherworldly intensity to them.

The only difference between them was their width as Noballi was much thinner.

"I know that he is powerful, but I am not a weakling either." Noballi replied calmly, "I have analyzed what he had shown and nothing is of a certain threat to me if I made sure to fight from a different dimension."

In her eyes, everything that Felix had demonstrated was threatening to others but not her...As a master of space manipulation, she had many methods to fight Felix from safety and his life hell.

"He also has spatial runic spells." High Chieftain Lokaka warned, "For all we know, he can be hiding other spatial spells and use one to sneak up on you."

"Regardless of what runic spells he learned, he can't use them without me being alerted." Noballi shook her head, "You already know that. So, what's all this about? Don't you trust my capabilities?"

High Chieftain Lokak went silent as he knew that she was on to him.

As one of the greatest spatial elementalists in the universe, both of them possessed extreme spatial sensitivity that enabled them to sense the slightest spatial disorientations from thousands of kilometers.

"Sigh...I know that all signs lead to you having the upper hand against him, but I still have a very bad feeling about this. That bastard always has something under his sleeves and I am certain that he prepared a way to deal with you."

"Plus, I believe the best option is to avoid him and challenge Bymid after he loses his revival coupon. If those dragon clan heads all challenged him, you might even use this opportunity to your advantage and climb much higher."

In a sense, High Chieftain Lokaka's strategy was quite shrewd as he knew that the other dragon clan heads would try to fight for their position, unlike Kyrsun.

After seeing Felix's strength, he was certain that he was going to make them regret this choice.

This would give his wife the best chance to climb much higher now that the ranks were thrown into disarray and everyone would want to make the best of it.

Even though the benefits of each rank were similar, those authoritative figures still found a lot of value in being ranked higher than their peers.

It seemed like his wife was affected by his logical analysis as she didn't reject it right away.

'if I accepted the challenge, losing it means possibly risking my revival coupon. If I win it, I won't gain anything while the others will gain everything.' Noballi pondered.

She knew that Felix was aiming at Elder Dragon, which meant that he wasn't going to stop until he reached him.

If she defeated him, he wouldn't be able to challenge her for another decade, which would leave the others at peace, knowing that he would always come after her first.

In other words, unless she killed him twice in the battles, he would keep coming at her nonstop.

"You're right, it's not worth it." Noballi nodded at her husband.

"You made the right call." High Chieftain Lokaka sighed in relief.

While his wife was pretty confident in dealing with Felix, he honestly had not an ounce of trust that she would defeat him.

Shadowborn Ruler Hogan had told almost everyone about Felix's ability to target the soul straightway, which made him even more afraid that Felix would kill his wife for real as a way to get in his head.

After all, ever since their first meeting, he never left a good impression on Felix...

...

Unbeknownst to him, Felix had no such plans at all and he was merely projecting his own evil thoughts onto him.

Though Felix wasn't complaining as the moment Queen Ai notified him that Noballi had also fortified, he was put on cloud nine.

"This is really surprising, I thought she will give it a go?" Candace said in intrigue.

"I am just as baffled." Felix shrugged his shoulders, "But who cares? She did me a huge favor."

Felix knew that handling Noballi was going to be a pain in the ass since most of his abilities could be countered with spatial abilities.

So, he planned on taking her down by using his Concept Destruction Spear when she least expected it!

But now, he could save it for her husband who he knew was never going to forfeit before him!

"Maybe the streak will continue and the red clan head will forfeit too?" Felix said with a wishful  tone as he released his challenge.

Alas, after a couple of hours, Queen Ai notified him that the challenge was accepted and the battle would occur seven days from today.

"I guess I was asking for too much." Felix chuckled.

Though he might not be too pleased with the battle, he wasn't that annoyed.

That's because he knew that the red clan head Bymud was going to change his mind real quick in the middle of the game.

***

Seven Days later...

In a silent stadium that was packed to the brim with spectators, Elder Dragon and the rest of the dragons had somewhat ugly expressions as they looked at the battlefield before them.

The once-powerful mountain range was in ruins, with its peaks broken and its valleys filled with debris.

The ruins of what had once been a healthy ecology had been reduced to a lifeless wasteland, and the air was thick with dust and ash.

The few trees that were still standing were wilted and burned, with branches that extended upward like skeleton hands.

Only the occasional gust of wind that sent clouds of dust flying through the air could be heard to break the deafening silence.

Amidst this apocalyptic scene, Felix could be seen sitting with a nonchalant expression above the corpse of a gigantic red-scaled dragon.

This was Bymid or at least, what was left of him...

Bymid lay motionless on the ground, his once-glistening scales now dulled and stained with blood.

His eyes, once fierce and glowing with an inner fire, were now dark and lifeless. His wings, which had once spanned the length of a castle, were now torn and tattered, their once-majestic beauty marred by battle.

Bymid's mouth was still open, revealing rows of broken teeth stained with his own blood...

His entire corpse showed an unspeakable level of destruction that shouldn't have been associated with a dragon clan head.

Yet, here he was...Lying lifelessly in his own pool of blood under the stunned and somewhat terrified eyes of the viewers.

"Land...Gulp, congratulation to Landlord for winning the fight..." Sir Victoire commentated with great difficulty as the image of the barbaric massacre refused to escape his mind.

Everyone here knew that Felix had the highest chance of victory, but none of them were ready for how Felix was going to attain it.

BOOOM!! BOOOM!! BOOM!!...

An automatic replay suddenly played on the big screen, causing everyone to flinch as they moved their eyes slowly toward it.

When they saw it again, the level of shock hadn't been reduced even a bit...

Who could blame them?

The replay was showing Felix tanking everything thrown at him from fire beams, fireballs, nukes, dragon breaths, and even tanking all of the physical confrontations...

It was like watching an indestructible and unburnable deity toying with one of the strongest figures in the alliance.

What's worse? He was using the absorbed force from everything thrown at him to completely rip apart Bymid with his bare hands...

He neither used a weapon, a scroll, a potion, or elemental abilities, or even his runic spells.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

He just relied on his bare fists...Nothing more, nothing less.

Yet, they were more than enough to butcher red clan head Bymid in less than twenty seconds...

"This, this wasn't a fight." Emperor Lokhil uttered with a tint of terror, "This was a direct warning for his next opponents..."

It seemed like it worked as the remaining dragon clan heads, Ygos and Azesdirth, felt their scales tighten for the first time in a very, very long time.

Dragons' scales tightening was the same as goosebumps running on the skin. In other words, they were scared of Felix like pray recognizing its predator.

From this battle, no from this slaughter, they recognized that Felix was their absolute predator!