Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Are you going to accept his challenge?" Ygos asked with a solemn tone as he eyed Azesdirth who was sitting on the other end of a dining table.

After Felix slayed Bymid, he declared his next challenge and left the stadium...Ygos and Azesdirth straightaway held a meeting to discuss their next move on this matter.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Before the fight, none of them had a single doubt about accepting the challenge, but now? Even their overbearing pride was having trouble leading them.

"I want nothing more but to accept it, but there is a difference between pride in one's strength and identity and blind arrogance." Azesdirth shook his head, trying his best to remove the image of Bymid's body getting ripped right in front of him.

"I am thinking the same. That bastard is already on the level of Elder Dragon. It's best to stay out of their way." Ygos nodded in agreement.

They might have overbearing pride, but they weren't stupid enough to challenge someone on the level of Elder Dragon to prove themselves.

If there was a tiny chance of them winning against Felix, their pride might make it difficult for them.

But after seeing Bymid's ending, they were forced to accept that they had zero chance of victory even if it wounded their pride...

...

"Both of them forfeited...Neat." Felix smiled with a satisfied expression after receiving news that his challenges were declined by Azesdirth and Ygos.

"If they forfeited, that old turtle will also do the same." Asna shared.

"Let's hope so." Felix sent his challenge to Minister Aquiris.

Just as he was to return to his training, he was left speechless after getting almost an instant reply.

'Minister Aquiris has declined your challenge, congratulation, you have won the battle through forfeit.' Queen Ai announced.

"Did I scare them too much?" Felix didn't know whether to laugh or cry at Minister Aquiris' speed of rejecting him.

It was like he didn't even put an ounce of thought process on the challenge and hit the decline button the instant it showed up.

"I am not complaining, I guess."

Without further ado, Felix sent another challenge to The Hive Empress's Guardian N0...He was ranked third in the entire ranking and for a good reason.

He was the most feared mentalist in the entire universe!

Everyone was scared of him more than the Hive Empress herself since she never participate in such fights.

This left him to represent her and his entire race...Yet, he was ranked higher than even dragon clan heads and Minister Aquiris.

Unlike his previous challenges, Felix was actually feeling somewhat tense about this battle.

He knew that his improved mental defenses would be put to a real test against him and if he made a mistake, his run might be ended in the short term.

***

In a faraway galaxy, in a somewhat similar solar system to Earth, a cosmic living and seemingly breathing fleshy planet-like substance could be seen orbiting the star.

It might seem like a planet, but its size was that of a star!

Billions of gigantic worm-like green insects were seen entering and exiting from countless tunnels.

There were a couple of spaceships here and there, but none of them dared to get too close to this flesh-like planet.

This was Ophiria, the main nest of the hive race...

It was a biological engineering marvel as in order to meet the needs of the hive's residents, a sophisticated network of tunnels and chambers was used in the construction of the hive.

The hive's walls were formed of a fibrous substance that was very durable and elastic, enabling it to expand and contract as necessary.

Each section of the hive served a certain function and was organized into many groups. Young hive residents were reared and cared for by workers in the nursery sector.

The hive's food supply, which consisted of a variety of organic substances, including most plants, was kept in the food storage area...There were more chambers and specialized areas across the entire nest of Ophiria.

Not every outsider was allowed entry, but those who managed to get access? Every one of them was left in awe and amazement at the unique world inside of Ophiria.

Empress Scarlet was residing at the center, which was the safest location in the entire nest.

Still, there were millions of insect-like guards ranging from wasps, bees, ants, fireflies, and beetles around it.

Those were still merely the footsoldiers, the real guards were situated inside Empress' Chamber...They were none other than the Knight Guards from number one to five hundred.

Still, those Knight Guards were merely allowed access to the Empress' Chamber, but not actually staying next to her.

The only one with such authority was the one and only, Hive Empress' Guardian N0.

"It's best to forfeit the challenge." Empress Scarlet advised in the same manner as High Chieftain Lokaka.

"As you command."

Though, the response was different as Guardian N0 agreed without an ounce of hesitation. 

"You don't want to know why?"

"This loyal subject doesn't need to know his master's thoughts to adhere to her orders." Guardian N0 replied with a flat tone that went against his beautiful appearance.

Unlike most of the hive insects, He had a slender and delicate body that was covered in fine, velvety hairs. His wings were large and broad, with intricate patterns of bright colors that range from deep indigo to vibrant orange.

The wings were also covered in fine scales that gave them a unique texture, almost like the petals of a flower. His head was small and rounded, with two large compound eyes that were bright green in color.

"I am still telling you." Empress Scarlet chuckled already used to teasing his unquestionable loyalty.

Guardian N0 seemed somewhat curious. He might listen to every command of his master even if it meant committing suicide, but he still had normal emotions like everyone else.

"You see, we are in a somewhat unique situation. You can't defeat Elder Dragon as his mental defenses are on your level but at the same time, we don't know if King Maxwell's mental defenses are as good as his." Empress Scarlet explained with her usual gentle tone, "What we know is that he has all the qualities to go against Elder Dragon and even defeat him. This leaves us with a perfect triangle between the three of you."

"I don't want this triangle to stop such a good fight from happening." Empress Scarlet chuckled, "Watching that arrogant dragon getting some spanking is a long, long wish of mine."

"Yes." Guardian N0 nodded in understanding.

Guardian N0 might not have been alive as long as his master, but he had lived the longest compared to his brothers and sisters.

This made him find out that his mother and his race had fought plenty of times with the dragons during the dark ages.

They were considered the two most aggressive races during that era in terms of conquest, which made them clash horns on many occasions.

Not to conquest each other but to fight over other prey.

As much as the hive race seemed weaker than the dragon race, they had numbers and a frightening level of unity that caused their mental attacks to synchronize and get much stronger to the point they could blow even the souls of dragons!

This kind of mutual respect for each other's strength made them lock horns but never go all out on each other.

Now that Empress Scarlet was presented with the chance of seeing her previous rival getting the beating of his life, there was no way she was going to make her subordinate get in the way!

"It's done, I have declined the challenge." Guardian N0 informed.

"Good, now we just need to see what Lokaka will do." Empress Scarlet smiled faintly, "Hopefully, he doesn't get in the way."

Unfortunately, High Chieftain Lokaka always had a bone to pick with Felix and there was no way he was going to give up on this opportunity to put Felix in his place!