Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Even he declined? What the hell is going on?" Felix's reaction to Guardian N0's forfeit was more evident as he didn't expect him to avoid him too.

"Maybe you scared him?" Candace wondered.

"Scared him? Maybe, but he still won't decline the challenge as it is his own duty to defend his race's reputation." Felix stated confidently, "This must be the doing of Empress Scarlet."

He was certain that Empress Scarlet must have ordered him to decline the challenge as she was the only one with such authority over him.

"Why?" Asna said lazily, "I doubt you have charmed her too."

"How would I know?" Felix shrugged his shoulders, "Maybe she is interested in my fight with Elder Dragon and doesn't want to interrupt it. Or she is doing me a favor and wants to cash it out later."

All that Felix knew was that the hive race and dragons didn't share the best relationship before the foundation of the alliance as history books spoke plenty about their epic clashes.

Though, he wasn't sure if Empress Scarlet would really be holding a grudge for more than two million years now.

In the end, Felix thanked her for the freebie with an appreciative email and sent another challenge to High Chieftain Lokaka.

"Maybe, your forfeit streak will con..."

Before Candace could finish her sentence, she was forced to swallow the rest of it after Queen Ai gave Felix an instant acceptance notification.

"Never mind, he really hates your guts." Candace giggled.

"He sure does." Felix smiled wryly.

Felix could understand his enmity with Elder Dragon as it had originated from his fear of having his nasty secrets going public.

But High Chieftian Lokaka? He really hated him just because of the void nation's threat to his race's monopoly on the alliance's transportation system.

Honestly, the void nation was making big moves in this department as they had been receiving a never-ending list of delivery commissions from everyone.

After all, they were capable of traveling at godly speed in the void realm, making it possible to make hundreds of deliveries compared to just one delivery in the same time frame.

Still, the wormhole network wasn't going to be affected that much since there were barely a thousand void citizens taking those delivery gigs.

"I thought that his insecurities will go away after he realizes this." Felix shook his head, "Clearly, his greed for money knows no bounds."

Space Worms were all greedy as hell for money to the point they were almost matched with goblins.

High Chieftain Lokaka might be a race leader and had possibly hundreds of trillions in his account, he still wanted no one to interfere with his race's monopoly regardless of how small it was.

This was beyond rational and on the obsessive scale as it was no longer about the money but the sense of losing it.

This was a sickness that affected many humans too as some couldn't stomach even losing one penny while they had millions in their bank accounts.

"Whatever his issue with me, next week, I will make him forget about it." Felix smirked coldly.

***Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Seven Days later...

Everyone with deep pockets managed to get themselves a ticket for this decisive battle between Felix and High Chieftain Lokaka.

Although four opponents of Felix had forfeited, this didn't make anyone feel too sure that Felix would ace this fight as well.

They knew that when dealing with spatial manipulation, everything was possible...Felix was dealing with no one but the best spatial elementalist in the alliance!

So, everyone knew that this battle was going to be difficult for both sides. Even the gambling dens thought the same as the winning odds were somewhat fair this time.

Whoosh Whoosh!

After a passionate introduction by Sir Victoire, Felix, and High Chieftain Lokaka were teleported into the middle of a peaceful ocean that had multiple small islands situated here and there.

"The environment is somewhat in favor of King Maxwell." Emperor Lokhil stated.

"Well, Lokaka has no right to complain, with his spatial manipulation, the entire universe is in his favor." Queen Allura defended Felix before anyone could mention that luck was on his side.

"Too bad, even if he is fighting him in a poison swamp under a rainy thunderstorm, it won't matter much." Queen Alfreda shook her head, "Chief Lokaka's fighting style is just too impossible to deal with."

When they were reminded of his shrewd fighting style, they couldn't help but agree with her.

"This is going to be a tough one. What do you think? You are being awfully quiet back there." Empress Scarlet asked with a gentle smile as she glanced at Elder Dragon.

"Scar, don't annoy me."

Elder Dragon narrowed his eyes coldly at her and ignored her question, making her chuckle in amusement.

It was clear to everyone that Elder Dragon seemed a bit conflicted about this fight.

On one hand, he wanted Felix to win so he could fight him and teach him a lesson, but on the other hand, his rational sense wanted Felix to lose to avoid this entire farce all along.

In his eyes, it was fun and games before Felix showed him that he could literally survive even nukes during his fight with Bymid.

Now, even when his pride refused to admit it, Elder Dragon knew that Felix was going to be the toughest opponent in his entire life.

"Three!! Twoo!! One!!! Fight!!" 

Fortunately, no one paid him any more attention after the battle was kicked off.

"As expected, he didn't hesitate to hide in another dimension." Felix commentated as he narrowed his eyes at High Chieftain Lokaka's previous location.

The instant the fight started, he opened a spatial portal and disappeared into it, leaving him all alone standing above the ocean.

'I am going to show you what real spatial abilities look like.' High Chieftain Lokaka sneered in his mind as he teleported a hundred meters above Felix's head.

He was so close to him, yet so far as Felix seemed like he didn't sense his existence in the slightest.

Meanwhile, the viewers were able to see both sides on the big screen, making them hold their breaths in anticipation at this sight that resembled the peace before the storm.

'The Gates of Erasion." High Chieftain paused for a second before uttering coldly, "Open."

Suddenly, Felix picked up on thousands of spatial irregularities happening around him!

It didn't matter if it was the sky, the surface of the ocean, or below it.

The entire space seemed like it was thrown into a hot pot as it kept cracking apart, leaving long and chaotic fissures!

Felix recognized them immediately to be spatial gates, leading to other dimensions!

There were thousands of them, causing even the most knowledgeable viewer to be overwhelmed by their sheer numbers.

Before the viewers could react, those spatial fissures seemed to turn brighter and brighter until long thin spatial blades were launched from them at an insane speed!

All the spatial fissures released at least one, making the viewers absolutely dumbfounded by the sight of thousands of spatial blades flying in a single direction and into a single target.

'Teleportation.' Without hesitation, Felix decided to teleport to another area, knowing that his destruction immunity wouldn't save him from being sliced by those blades.

He might be immune to penetration, blowing force, and even slices, but not from spatial blades!

That's because spatial blades cut the space itself, not the target...In other words, Felix's body would be sliced thoroughly even with his destruction immunity!

"Spatial Lockdown!" 

Unfortunately, before his teleportation hex could manifest, High Chieftain Lokaka used his spatial manipulation to lock the entire area around Felix, making it impossible for anyone to enter or leave it!

"You better start dancing, my little hamster." High Chieftain Lokaka smiled coldly as he watched Felix's face turn for the worst.