Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Splash!! Splash!!

Felix was forced to evade the thousands of spatial blades that were raining down on him with the grace of a dancer as his body was fluid and quick.

His motions were almost hypnotic as he appeared to glide between the lethal blades with ease.

Because he was standing on an ocean, he fully utilized his water manipulation to his advantage, allowing him to slide on the surface and even create uniquely shaped waves to surf on them, not needing to even sprint!

The viewers were left in awe at the way his body changed positions in seemingly impossible ways. He was always inches away from the spatial blades as they whizzed past him and clashed with the others!

"Landlord isn't getting touched!!" Sir Victoire commentated excitedly.

While the viewers shared his excitement, High Chieftain Lokaka merely sneered in irritation at his inability to hit Felix even though he used thousands of spatial blades in such a tight area.

'Let's see how you will dodge this.' High Chieftain Lokaka stopped trying to play around with Felix and went for his ultimate attack.

He channeled his energy on all of those fissures and started forcing them to completely rip apart!

"He is already using Spatial Collapse! King Maxwell really got under his nerves."

Emperor Lokhil stated as he watched those spatial fissures getting wider and longer like two invisible hands were pulling them apart.

If it was just one spatial fissure, it wouldn't have been such a problem, but this was happening to thousands of them simultaneously in a small spatial area!

"Oh no! Our Lord will be deleted!"

"Why isn't he teleporting away!!"

"Holy sh*t!! Are space worms supposed to be this freaking scary?!"

Felix's fans and the rest of the viewers' had their stupefied eyes on the unforgivable sight of those fissures connecting with each other and causing the space to collapse much faster!

Even the ocean seemed to be getting disorientated and cracked apart going against the laws of physics!

Felix was right in the middle of all of this chaos and his solemn expression made everyone realize that this situation was extremely dire for him!

"This is what blind confidence gets you."

The moment High Chieftain Lokaka saw the last spatial cracks connect, he uttered coldly, "Collapse."

Just like a magic trick, the sky, the ocean, and everything had shattered apart like a hammer smashing into a mirror, causing multiple facest of realities to appear on each broken piece of space.

This horrific and mind-bending spatial collapse was rushing toward Felix, seemingly seeking to erase him from existence!

"It's over..."

Just as most viewers began seeing Felix using the surrender coupon to save his own skin, this thought fell apart the moment they spotted Felix's entire grimace change to an indifferent from solemn one.

Before they could even think too much about this sudden change, their focus was stolen by the sight of a dark red trident manifesting in the blink of an eye in his right hand.

Then, without an ounce of hesitation, Felix turned around with pitch-black demonic eyes and launched the red trident like an Olympian spear thrower!

To the absolute shock of the viewers and even High Chieftain Lokaka, the trident was flying in his exact direction!!!

Before his mind could register that this red trident might pose a threat to him even inside another dimension, it had already arrived right in front of his face.

'Erupt.'

With the coldest look ever, Felix merely snapped his finger, seemingly detached from the fact that space around him was collapsing.

'Impossible...'

This was the last thought that coursed on High Chieftain Lokaka's mind after the dark red trident exploded and took everything around with it.

Everything in the literal sense as not a single concept was not marked, causing reality itself to get deleted from existence...

'What the...'

'Is this real?'

'My god....'

Elder Dragon and the rest of the spectators' stunned pupils reflected nothing but a giant patch of nothingness in place of High Chieftain Lokaka...

It was like a chaotic portal to the void realm, but at the same time, every one of them felt that it was nowhere that.

Although the void realm was a realm of nothingness, void energy, and void creatures still existed in it.

But this patch of nothingness was legit an utter void, where not a single particle could exist in it.

All of them were hit with that horrific sensation simultaneously like their minds telling them that nothing was scarier than this patch of nothingness.

In the blink of an eye, their pupil reflected normal space again as that patch of nothingness disappeared as suddenly as it appeared akin to a mere mirage.

If it wasn't for the disappearance of High Chieftain Lokaka, anyone would have believed that...

As they slowly turned to look at Felix, they found him still standing in the same place with the same indifferent expression.

The only difference between then and now was that the ocean had returned to its peaceful self after the spatial fissures broke into light particles.

No one noticed before, but Felix's confidence was oozing out of him like the entire fight from the get-go was under meticulous calculation!

Their assumption was correct as Felix's plan was to act trapped and hopeless from the get-go to create a single perfect opportunity to sneak an attack on High Chieftain Lokaka!

To do that, he had to make sure that he wouldn't find out that he was capable of seeing him with his evil vision even through dimensions!

-Congratulation to Landlord for winning the battle and becoming the Second Supreme!-

Queen Ai suddenly announced three times across the stadium after Sir Victiore remained silent a bit too long.

With each announcement echoing in their ears, more and more viewers began snapping out of their daze.

The first thing they did was look at each other to see if they weren't the only ones seeing that freakishly horrific scene.

When they confirmed it, the crowd went absolutely haywire!

"WHAT THE F*CK WAS THAT!!!"

"DID LANDLORD JUST DELETE AN ENTIRE PATCH OF REALITY?!!"

"THIS MUST BE A JOKE!! NO ONE CAN HAVE SUCH POWER!!"

Whether it was Felix's fans or his haters, none of them were able to wrap their heads around what had just happened!

Even the ten rulers seemed stupefied as they had never seen or heard before about a destruction ability capable of erasing reality as they know it!Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I already had an assumption that destruction elementalists should potentially be able to destroy even concepts." Empress Emily said with a somewhat satisfied tone, "This confirms it."

While Elder Dragon's heart was beating out of his chest and the others seemed unable to accept the reality before them, Empress Emily cared only about new knowledge and data.

Meanwhile, the primogenitors' reaction was quite different than everyone else.

"He really lucked out on a concept destruction ability, not bad." Erebus commentated.

"F*cking hell, how is this fair?" Cherufe cursed as he glared at Felix's masters, "The f*ck you want my champion to do against yours when he is this stacked?!"

"You weren't talking about fairness when your sponsored race was thrashing everyone else." Thor chuckled.

"This is different and you know it!" Cherufe huffed heated smoke through his nostrils, "Your boy seems geared up to literally counter Berserth! He has immunity to fire, he has destruction immunity, he can absorb any kind of force, and now he is even able to destroy concepts! If I didn't know you any better, I would have believed that you guys have been plotting against him from the start!"

Jörmungandr and Thor laughed out loud at his irritation, knowing that this situation was really upsetting for anyone.

"Bastards!" Cherufe got even more pissed off at their reaction.

"I guess it's time for you to feel what's like to be the underdog." Kumiho giggled, teasing him as well.

If anyone heard that she named Elder Dragon as the underdog before this fight, they would have honestly laughed it out.

But now? Not even the dumbest viewer had an ounce of confidence in Elder Dragon's possibility to defeat Felix!

"La...Landlord, is it possible to know a bit about your last attack on High Chieftain Lokaka." Sir Victoire asked with a somewhat shaky voice after Felix got teleported back to the stadium.

"Nope." Felix brought the mic near his mouth and said with a flat tone as he looked at the sky, "But don't worry, I am not planning on using it on Elder Dragon. He deserves a slow and honorable ending for his hard work on the alliance's development."

Before Sir Victoire could continue the interview, Felix took off again...From his emotionless tone, it was hard for the viewers to discern if he was being real or sarcastic.

But not the ten rulers.

Everyone glanced at Elder Dragon whose livid and hateful expression could kill anyone with a mere look.

When he realized that everyone was staring at him, he gave them one last murderous look before logging out.

He didn't say anything, but they understood that his heart was burning with fury and he needed to vent it off on anything.

"So, who wants to bet against my little junior?" Queen Allura grinned faintly, "I accept only bets above one trillion."