Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

After Felix returned to his house, Queen Ai revived High Chieftain Lokaka automatically as he still possessed a revival coupon.

When he opened his eyes, the first thing that came to mind was the red trident and sudden nothingness like his existence mattered less than dust before reality's destruction.

"He didn't kill me..." High Chieftain Lokaka murmured after his heartbeats calmed down a bit.

"What are you talking about? Are you okay?" Noballi asked with a worried tone.

She teleported immediately to his house after his death, knowing that Queen Ai would revive him there.

"Landlord, he let me live..." He repeated again to the confusion of his wife who had seen him literally getting wiped out.

High Chieftain Lokaka wasn't in the mood to explain himself.

He might not know about concept destruction abilities. Still, he was smart enough to realize that Felix's ability had utterly erased the entire reality and all the dimensions in that single area!

That's why he was killed off even through dimensions.

This meant, his soul should have been also completely erased from existence, which would make it impossible for Queen Ai to revive him even if she wanted.

In other words, Felix had been merciful to him.

"I guess Elder Dragon isn't going to make it." High Chieftain Lokaka smiled wryly.

He discerned that Felix wasn't of the merciful type at all...Especially to his enemies.

This made him understand that the only reason he was still standing here was due to his position, as Felix wouldn't be able to escape the public's anger if he killed off both Elder Dragon and High Chieftain Lokaka in less than a month.

Those two were part of the alliance's backbone as one had founded the entire alliance and participated in its development from the very start while the other controlled the biggest transportation network in the universe.

Their death wasn't simple anymore as it would affect the entire populace as a whole and if Felix killed them both for real, there would be absolute mayhem arising.

Whether one hated or loved Elder Dragon, no one could ignore his ironclad authority that kept everyone behaving.

Most importantly, those two were  needed badly when the alliance would attempt to explore the other side of the universe.

If one of them had to go while avoiding the public's anger, then it was a no-brainer that Felix would choose Elder Dragon.

"I still have no idea what you are talking about." Noballi was baffled by her husband's behavior.

"There is no need to know." High Chieftain Lokaka replied.

"Mmm....Okay." She paused before asking with a displeased tone, "So what are we going to do about that bastard?"

"Nothing, from today onward, we have nothing to do with either him or his races." High Chieftain Lokaka anwsered with a solemn tone to make her understand that he wasn't joking around.

As an old soul, he understood when to push and when to stop...His life was still ongoing only because Felix decided that his enmity with him came nowhere close to the one with Elder Dragon.

He had no plans to change this after knowing that Felix could kill him even through dimensions.

This didn't mean that he planned on cozying up to Felix and becoming his friend, but at least, he wouldn't be on his throat all the time.

...

While High Chieftain Lokaka was celebrating his second chance at life and making changes in his attitude towards Felix, Elder Dragon was seen pacing back and forth inside his gigantic ancient and deserted throne chamber.

As he was walking back and forth, a hologram was keeping up with him.

It had this sentence written on it:

-You have been challenged by the Second Supreme Landlord for your title. You have seven days to accept the challenge.-

It had been more than five minutes now since he had received the challenge.

One would assume that he would have accepted it almost instantaneously after hearing him speaking about teaching Felix a lesson all the time.

But Elder Dragon was starting to have doubts about this fight...Something that was as unbelievable as Queen Ai breaking her rules!

As the strongest and most authoritative figure in the entire alliance for more than two million years, Elder Dragon had never once felt a sense of doubt when it came to a fight.

In this exact throne chamber was when he looked down on Felix akin to an ant. Yet, look at him now, pacing back and forth, thinking about how to kill such a monstrosity.

"How can I kill him? How...Fire won't work, physical confrontations will backfire on me, and if he decides to use destruction abilities while I am nearby, even my scales won't save me." Elder Dragon mumbled.

While Felix said that he had no intention of using the concept destruction trident in their battle, Elder Dragon didn't trust it one bit.

Even if he kept his word, he could still use other destruction abilities, which were also potent against him.

"The only thing in my arsenal is my corrosion attribute...His destruction immunity doesn't work against corrosion." Elder Dragon frowned, "But, this isn't nearly enough."

Elder Dragon knew that Felix had multiple methods to defend against his corrosion.

This made him understand that if he wanted to kill Felix, he needed to attack him nonstop until he drop dead, not giving him a single chance to escape, heal his wounds, or use defensive measures against his corrosion!

This wasn't easy in the slightest as Felix's strength was high enough to keep up with him even if he was stronger by more than a hundred thousand BF.

That's because Felix still had lightning-quick reflexes in addition to size manipulation, which would boost his strength and reaction speed to somewhat match Elder Dragon.

He knew this was going to happen.

"If I want to pull this off, I need a massive upgrade." Elder Dragon halted his pacing and stared at his scaled fist with a solemn look, "I need to reach that level even if just temporarily."

Elder Dragon might have pride that was as big as the sky, but he wasn't foolish to go into a battle without preparation while knowing that the odds weren't too great for him.

"I guess it's time to take those."

He extended his palm forward and beamed a large wooden chest that seemed to be releasing a fearsome and pressuring aura.

It did nothing to Elder Dragon, but if a commoner was before it, he would most definitely be forced on his knees without the ability to stand back up again!

Elder Dragon reached out with his hand and caressed the chest in a gentle manner as he walked around it.

A moment later, he stopped in front of a thick lock and ripped it apart with his claws, not bothering to use the key even though he had it.

It was clear that he would be done with the chest after this.

"It's been a while..." He murmured after opening the chest's led and seeing its content.

If other royal dragons or even red dragons saw the content, their reaction would be drastically different.

No one would feel weird about it as the chest was half filled with a massive quantity of royal gemstones of different sizes and colors!!

Just a simple calculation from a first look would make anyone assume that there were thousands if not tens of thousands of royal gemstones in it!

It might sound not a lot, but one should never forget that each royal gemstone represented a royal dragon...Not a red dragon, but a royal one!

In this day and age, there were barely a thousand of them alive in all four clans combined!

Yet, Elder Dragon had a big ass chest with such an unbelievable quantity stored inside like they were pieces of jewelry!

"I never thought there will come a day when I need to exhaust all of my resources." Elder Dragon sighed as he picked up a massive blue royal gemstone.

Since only green, white, and black dragons were still alive in this era, this clearly belonged to an ancient dragon from the massacre.

It wasn't the only one inside the chest, which implied that Elder Dragon had never absorbed all of the collected ancient royal stones from the ancestral dimensional pocket!

Yet, he was still capable of reaching hundreds of kilometers in size and possess more than seven hundred thousand BF in physical strength alone!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

As for the rest of the royal gemstones? They obviously belong to the dead royal dragons throughout his long rulership.

"I will mostly need a month or so to finish absorbing them."

Elder Dragon glanced at the holographic challenge and waved it away, knowing that he needed to delay the battle as much as he could.

He placed the blue gemstone on top of his purple royal gemstone and closed his eyes shut, beginning the absorption process right away.

If he managed to finish this entire batch, one could only wonder if it would be enough for him to cross past one million BF and become considered a deity.

If he pulled it off, the upcoming battle was really going to take a sharp turn for everyone involved...