Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

While Elder Dragon was going through royal gemstones one by one rapidly, he had absolutely no clue that he was being monitored by a void nation's spy from the void realm!

'I have to report this.'

The void nation's spy swiftly switched his focus to his wisp of consciousness inside of Nimo's consciousness space.

Then, he went to the department responsible for accepting all the Intel from those spies, which were situated on all of the inner circle race leaders.

He forwarded the Intel to his superior officer and he took it to the councilman responsible for his department.

It was none other than Aegnor.

"Good work, the king will be pleased." Aegnor praised with a head nod at the officer before taking this Intel to Felix's permanent wisp of consciousness inside the throne chamber.

"My king, I have just been informed that Elder Dragon is absorbing an unfathomable amount of royal gemstones in his chamber." Aegnor went straight to the point.

"Mmm? How large of an amount?" Felix narrowed his eyes.

"He said more than thousands." Aegnor replied with a solemn tone.

"You serious?" Felix was stunned by the news.

He expected hundreds at most since royal dragons' numbers were few and they were one of the hardest creatures to drop dead...But thousands? He knew that something wasn't right!

"Get him here right now." Felix ordered the spy's attendance.

Aegnor nodded and sent the order down the chain of command.

Since they were in Nimo's consciousness, the spy swiftly teleported in front of Felix after getting permission.

"Show us." King Arthur ordered as he sat on a chair that was slightly behind the throne.

The rest of the councilmen were also here as they have a permanent wisp of consciousness staying here.

The spy quickly created a consciousness mirror and linked it with the eyes of his real body.

This allowed everyone to watch Elder Dragon eating through a mountain of royal gemstones like there was no tomorrow!

"How can he have this much?" Shocked, Meriam asked what was on everyone's mind.

"Did he keep hoarding royal gemstones for millions of years?" The Ruiner frowned.

"It must be." Mammon shared, "Only in the last two million years did his strength become widely known due to news transfer being much faster, but in reality, he was already pretty dominating way before the foundation of the alliance as far as I remember him. So, if he really decided to keep hoarding royal gemstones for millions of years, no one would really know."

"That makes the most sense." Felix nodded with a stern expression.

The public was under the assumption that Elder Dragon was born this strong while the royal family was the only one to know his secret.

Even red dragons merely assumed royal gemstones found in the ancestral dimensional pocket to be bloodline stones.

As one of the first ones to explore the dimensional pocket and learn from the ancestral dragon how to absorb those royal gemstones, he had gotten immensely lucky.

At that point in time, Elder Dragon had an unfathomable amount of ancient royal gemstones to collect from the ancestral dimension since no one had touched them before.

So, it was more than possible for him to use what needed to get stronger and keep the rest saved for later.

This only applied to ancient royal gemstones...The ones belonging to this era's royal dragons could easily be hoarded through millions of years and reach a good amount even if royal dragons were hard to die.

"This doesn't really matter now." Candace said with a serious tone, "If he absorbed all of this, his strength should be boosted by at least one hundred thousand BF."

"His strength should be already higher than our king by a hundred thousand minimum." Meriam analyzed, "The physical force really doesn't matter against destruction immunity, but his reaction speed will make the battle one-sided and with his corrosion attribute, he will be dealing considerable damage."

This was exactly what went through Felix's mind as he understood that just because he couldn't be destroyed, it didn't mean that he wouldn't feel pain.

If there was a big disparity in strength between them, he could get beaten up for a while and then Elder Dragon retreat until he lost all of the absorbed force.

This would make the battle last forever until Felix gave in to the agony.

"Don't you think it's possible for him to cross one million?" Candace asked.

"It should be impossible even with this quantity." Mammon anwsered, "The last one hundred thousand is much harder to push through than the previous nine hundred thousand combined. If it wasn't for this, there wouldn't be a drastic difference between a deity and a mortal."

Everyone nodded in approval...Even Felix.

That's why Felix was certain that it would be impossible for him to cross the one million mark even if he added another bloodline.

It would be achievable through a massive godly enhancement and only Origin Realm could offer it.

"However, Elder Dragon has his innate dragon fury that enhances his strength immensely in addition to other temporary measures like scrolls and potions." Candace frowned, "So, even if he couldn't achieve it with this batch of royal gemstones, he can pull it off inside the game temporarily."

The moment everyone heard this, their expression became somewhat bad.

Every one of them knew that Elder Dragon's strength and reaction speed would be so massively better than Felix, he could literally play around with him like a toy if he went all out.

All of Felix's previous confrontations with primogenitors happened while they were using no less than 15% of their strength.

So, he never really experienced the true terror of a being above the million mark going all out on him!

"It's still a big if." Felix spoke calmly, "Even if he somehow pulled it off, I have my ways to deal with him."

This new development might be scary for others, but it made Felix merely take this battle more seriously.

His confidence in his victory was still unshaken as the tools in his possession made him incapable of losing before Elder Dragon.

He couldn't wait to show him this kind of despair firsthand.

'I am disappointed that all of those royal gemstones will go to waste.' Asna sighed.

'Likewise.' Felix was honestly irritated by the sight of Elder Dragon's absorption process.

It was tough for him to watch when he was struggling to get his hands on a single royal gemstone after he already exhausted his inventory.

He wanted royal gemstones more than minerals as they boost his strength much greater.

After all, they were concentrated dragons' bloodlines compared to merely absorbing elemental energy from minerals.

'How about you steal Elder Dragon's corpse after you deal with him?' Asna suggested.

'His pride might not make him accept that he can die in the first place, but other clan heads don't think the same.' Felix shook his head, 'I am certain that they will be waiting like hyenas the moment he dies to harvest his royal gemstone.'

Elder Dragon's royal gemstone could be considered the most precious one in the entire universe at the moment.

Those clan heads would never give up on it to either of them, don't even mention to an outsider.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

'If I decided to steal it from them, they will find out that it was related to me.' Felix added.

As the king of the void nation, he would be the biggest suspect as no one would be daring enough to steal something from dragons and do it as well as him.

'The only way to get it is through a contract with Elder Dragon then.' Candace suggested, 'If you turned this battle into a deathmatch, he will most definitely agree to the deal.'

Elder Dragon wanted only one thing from Felix and that was his death...Unlike him, he had no method of killing Felix's soul, which meant his revival coupon would get in the way.

This should be pissing off Elder Dragon to no end, making him accept the deal right away.

'No, thank you. I might be confident in my capabilities to win the battle, but I am not that foolish to hand my head on a plate for him.' Felix said composedly, 'I would rather steal it from the dragon clans and deal with their accusations.'

This decision might make Felix seem like a coward, but he really didn't give a sh*t. If he didn't have the ability to kill Elder Dragon, then he would go for a deathmatch deal.

But since he could do it easily with his soul poison, he wasn't a retard to shoot himself in the foot...Especially, when there were other ways to get the royal gemstone.

"Keep an eye on him 24/7. He might give us an indication of the end result about his enhancements." Felix ordered the spy one last time before switching his focus to his main consciousness.

"Will do, my King!"