Seven days later...

"The challenge has been accepted, the battle's date will be announced soon." Queen Ai notified.

"He sure took his sweet time." Felix glanced at the notification with an emotionless expression.

He already expected that Elder Dragon would delay the battle as much as possible to finish the absorption process.

From his spy's point of view, he had just finished 30% of the amount.

"You think he will absorb everything before the battle?" Asna wondered, "The SG Committee might schedule the battle in fifteen days and he could do nothing about it."

"Yes, he could." Felix shook his head, "He might not be able to order them directly, but they won't reject a request from him to push the battle back a month."

Felix understood that the SG Committee would not refuse Elder Dragon for such a harmless request.

In fact, they would probably welcome it to build more hype around the battle and jack up the tickets' prices.

Felix didn't seem to care much about such little schemes as he continued focusing on his training and integration process.

Elder Dragon wasn't the only one benefiting from the delay as Felix planned on hitting 75% in his integration before the battle too!

***

Days went by in a jiffy and before long, the day of the promised fight had arrived.

If a single word could describe the alliance's atmosphere, it would most definitely be craziness!

Everyone had been counting the days in anticipation of this one-in-a-lifetime battle, knowing full well that millions of years could pass and no one could top it off!

This sort of historical moment made everyone interested in watching the battle even if they absolutely hated games or fights.

With this sort of interest, the viewership could be said to have absolutely smashed the record!

'840 trillion concurrent live viewers and still rapidly climbing...Am I dreaming?' Sir Victoire gulped a mouthful to ease his rising agitation.

There was still an entire half an hour before the battle begin and the streaming viewership was already closing on the impossible number of One Quadrillion!

Ever since the foundation of the alliance, no one had even managed to hit five hundred trillion total viewership.

Yet, this battle was already close to doubling and even going past it!

As the judge and MC, this was a massive honor that every other MC desired more than anything!

Though, such numbers were possible only because the SG Commite had decided to stream the battle for free instead of putting it behind the monthly subscription.

This made everyone ignore the illegal streaming sources and just watch from the official website.

'Those old fogies are really geniuses to take this road.' Sir Victoire praised this approach.

He understood that it might seem like the SG Committee made a fatal mistake as it would be losing an insane amount of profit from the streaming revenue, but in reality, he would have done the same.

Making this battle free made it insanely easy for everyone to watch it instead of jumping through hoops to spectate it from illegal sources in the dark network.

Since there was a considerable percentage of people who never bothered to even watch a single supremacy game and preferred other entertainment sources, watching this game might change their minds and bring them into the platform.

After all, Felix and Elder Dragon were considered the two Top G of the alliance and their battle was bound to be legendary.

"There is sure a lot of attraction today, huh." Asna commentated while lying her head on top of Felix's lap and watching the stream of the overcrowded stadium.

"If I still cared about my merch, this will really be the biggest stage for advertisement."

Felix chuckled, knowing that his agent Emma and a business manager would choke him to death if he missed such a heaven-sent opportunity.

But, he really didn't care anymore about supremacy coins as he had finally reached the stage where he could never run out of money and there wasn't anything that interest him to buy.

Before long, the half-hour was concluded and both Felix and Elder Dragon were given warnings that they would be teleported to the arena in two minutes.

"I will be right back." Felix smiled at Asna as he gave her a gentle kiss.

"Go kick some ass." Asna cheered while looking lovingly into his eyes, knowing that Felix had prepared so much for this day.

In her eyes, it was finally time for him to get paid for his efforts.

...Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

WHOAAAAAH!! CLAP!! CLAP!! CLAP!!!...LANDLORD!!

The moment Felix and Elder Dragon were teleported to the stadium, their eardrums almost ruptured from the insanity before him.

No one was chanting harmoniously or even screaming on the same note!

Some were clapping their hands until they turned red, some were screaming gibberish with smoking ears, seemingly about to have a stroke, and some were yelling out Felix's name.

Alas, no matter how much his fans tried to chant his name on the same note to overpower the noise, they keep failing nonstop.

This was to be expected as most of Felix's fans failed to get tickets even when they wanted to go into debt!

The cheapest live ticket's price was inflated to twenty million coins!

A sum that shattered the hopes of every loyal fan as these prices could never be afforded by commoners.

In other words, most of the current live spectators were rich figures across the entire universe, stretching from influencers, streamers, businessmen, actors, singers, and the list goes on.

Felix honestly wasn't bothered in the slightest by this. He merely kept his emotionless eyes affixed on Elder Dragon who was standing ten meters away from him.

"I am surprised you didn't come down here while sitting on a throne." Felix taunted with a faint snicker.

Believe it or not, most viewers had never seen Elder Dragon standing up before in his humanoid form.

He was always on his throne, appearing lofty and staring down at everyone with a condescending expression.

"I am surprised you even decided to show up. Didn't your spy show you what you will be dealing with?" Elder Dragon replied with an indifferent tone.

This statement didn't catch anyone by surprise besides the ones having no clue what he was talking about.

Felix and his councilmen already had a great inkling that Elder Dragon knew about their spy since he would be stupid to not think that he wouldn't be spied on by the void nation.

Most of the ten rulers believed the same...Too bad, they had absolutely no way of proving it and they knew that accusing Felix without evidence was useless.

So, they were forced to drastically change the way they act and take all important decisions to the UVR.

Elder Dragon clearly didn't give a sh*t about being spied on or Felix finding out about his enhancements.

"You must be really confident." Felix smiled, "I hope your confidence lives up to the expectations."

"I assure you, it will." Elder Dragon said one last time with narrowed eyes before turning around and walking to the other side of the arena.

"Cough, Ladies, and gentlemen, you have already been waiting for far too long. So, without any further delay, how about we kick this historical battle off right away?!"

Sir Victoire was forced to give up on both his introduction and interviewing plans the moment he noticed Felix and Elder Dragon walking to their positions.

He understood that the tension was already too intense to put himself amidst it.

Thus, he swiftly helped them reach their positions by teleporting them and began the countdown with everyone involved.

"Three!! Two!! One!!....FIGHT!!!"