Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The arena chosen was a normal vast land space with forests, rivers, lakes, and some hills across thousands of kilometers.

Elder Dragon stood tall above a moderate-sized green hill in his humanoid form, towering over the nearby trees.

Under the sunlight, his scales glistened and reflected the hues of the surroundings. His pupils shrank to slits as he locked eyes on Felix's infrared aura.

A deep growl came from his throat as he inhaled deeply, bringing in the surrounding air.

In his mouth, a condensed ball of black fire that was crackling with evil force formed as he exhaled.

Elder Dragon directed the lethal bullet at his adversary with a sudden flip of his head!

The small but deadly ball of black fire sped across the space while leaving a trail of smoke in its wake, turning trees into ashes, and evaporating rivers from the sheer propelled heat!

Although it was coming at Felix with an unprecedented speed, he wasn't fazed in the slightest.

He kept his emotionless eyes on it until it was right in front of him.

Then, he merely slapped it with the back of his hand in a single swift motion, causing it to get distorted in slow motion before its trajectory was changed forcefully.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

A blistering inferno of extreme heat and a charred, smoldering heap were all that were left behind when the black fire bullet ended up landing at a hill right behind Felix.

The viewers were left staring with mouth agape at the arising mushroom cloud and released shockwave that erased more than a thousand kilometers around it!!!

"What...What a start..." Sir Victoire found it hard to commentate as everything happened way too fast for him to comprehend.

The entire attack took less than a second and Elder Dragon had successfully aimed and even landed a monstrous nuke in this duration even though the distance was thousands of kilometers!!!

This was just too shocking even for the dragons!

While the viewers were cheering idiotically at such spellbinding fireworks, only the dragons understood just how difficult to pull this attack off.

"To condense such a powerful fire orb, I need at least half a minute...That's if the orb didn't end up collapsing on itself." Clan head Ygos shared with a solemn tone as he sat with his peers.

"Likewise..." Clan head Azesdirth took a deep breath to calm his emotions, "He is really in a different league."

"Unfortunately for him, he is facing an opponent in the same freakish league." Clan head Kyrsun mentioned as he eyed Felix's infrared aura amidst the mushroom cloud!

He didn't move even an inch from his position after eating a direct nuke!

Under the spooked eyes of the viewers, Felix merely walked outside of the smoke with his entire body as illuminated as a light bulb.

His eyes were as emotionless as before, but this time, they were completely covered in green electrical charges.

Before anyone could react, Felix disappeared from his place, leaving behind him an explosion of green electricity and a deep crater!

BOOOM!!!

The moment he resurfaced again on the big screen, everyone felt chills course on their spine at the sight of him blowing Elder Dragon's entire hill into dust!!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

As for Elder Dragon? He managed to evade Felix's punch as he anticipated this counter-attack.

In fact, the only reason he fired that nuke while knowing that it would do nothing but power up Felix was to bait him to engage in hand-to-hand combat!

Whoosh!!

"Let's see what you can do when your masters aren't here to save you." Elder Dragon remarked coldly as he unleashed his shimmering dreadful sharp claws.

He launched himself at hypersonic speed in direction of Felix, who was left deep inside the self-created crater.

Life-like black flames emerged from Elder Dragon's scales and coated his claws and entire body, making him resemble a demonic evil soul.

Cliing!!!

Instead of the sound of flesh ripping apart, a metallic noise echoed thunderously from the dusty crater, catching the viewers by surprise.

Whoosh Whoosh!!

Some expected that Felix had used his battleaxe to block Elder Dragon's claws, but when those two flew out of the crater, they realized that they were wrong.

"Are those crystalized claws?"

King Treznor raised his eyebrows in surprise as he eyed Felix's hands that were wearing two sets of white adamantine crystalized claws!

They seemed tinted with a hint of green color and had long purplish lines inside each claw.

They resembled Elder Dragon's claws greatly in both size and shape, which made him exhibit a frigid expression.

"Are you mocking me?" Elder Dragon narrowed his eyes coldly at Felix who was still glowing.

In his eyes, it was just a taunting stun to use his exact weapon to fight him.

Even the viewers felt that Felix was taking it too far and was being too cocky for his own good.

Elder Dragon spent millions of years using those claws to bring ruination to all of his enemies.

His fighting style was already close to perfection as those claws were more than just weapons.

Now, Felix was daring to combat him using his own fighting style?

"He is really asking for a beating." Clan head Ygos scoffed.

Felix didn't bother to answer Elder Dragon's inquiry as he launched himself at him while using his levitation spell.

He was also going at a hypersonic speed, making it impossible for the viewers to track him down properly.

But for Elder Dragon?

"Too slow." He sneered as he evaded Felix's claws easily, not pushed to even block them!

In the eyes of most of the viewers, they merely appeared like two fast-moving auras, one black and the other green, but in the eyes of The Ruiner and strong figures like him? They could see full well that Felix was being played.

"Based on his reaction speed, he should have crossed nine hundred thousand BF as we expected." Meriam said with a serious tone.

"This isn't going to end well for our king if he has nothing planned." Mammon remarked.

BOOOOOM!!

The moment he said so, Elder Dragon stopped dodging Felix and smashed him in the stomach with a flaming round kick!

Felix ate the kick like it was nothing due to his destruction immunity, but he ended up getting completely engulfed in a flood of black flames!

Whoosh!!

Felix emerged from the flames with an indifferent expression even though his skin could be seen getting corroded, leaving black bloody patches!

However, before those marks could spread far, they get healed almost instantaneously!

"You are really the personification of irritation." Elder Dragon said with an irked tone as he realized that Felix's also possessed an insane rejuvenation.

This meant even if he relied on his strategy, this fight could literally last forever!

Still, he had no other option but to continue his onslaughter.

Boom Boom Boom!!

Felix held his position akin to a mountain even when Elder Dragon kept coming at him over and over again with a furry of unblockable strikes!

Felix allowed himself to get hit most of the time as it was the only way for Elder Dragon to create an opening.

Felix took advantage of each slight opportunity he had to launch his own counterattacks with his glistening crystalized claws!

Cling! Cling!!

Unfortunately, Elder Dragon wasn't as generous to allow him free hits.

So, even when he left openings, his monstrous reaction speed allowed him to block with his claws, causing sparks to fly all over the place!

"I am honestly surprised that Landlord's claws aren't destroyed." High Chieftain Lokaka commentated with a taken back expression.

Most of his peers and viewers also were under the impression that Felix's claws would break after a couple of clashes even though they were made out of adamantine.

That's because Elder Dragon's claws were sharp enough to slice through almost anything!

If Felix used normal adamantine gemstones, they would have been indeed shattered a while ago.

But, what he used was nonother than an extremely condensed version, which enhanced their durability immensely!

'He really isn't giving me an inch.' Felix narrowed his eyes in irritation after another failed attempt to cut through Elder Dragon's scales.

He hadn't chosen claws just for the sake of humiliating him, but also because they were the best option to inject soul poison directly through the wounds!

All of his claws had small thin tubes filled with liquified soul poison in the center and connected with the tips.

He planned on poisoning his soul with this method since it was impossible for his other poison abilities to touch him when he was completely covered in black flames.

In fact, the innate heat released from Elder Dragon right now was covering many kilometers, causing even some faraway trees to get burnt!

Felix wasn't feeling it due to his fire immunity, but it didn't mean that it wasn't there.

Felix understood that almost any sudden weird movement that he made would alarm Elder Dragon and make it easier for him to dodge whatever ability he used.

His reaction speed was just that good, which was normal considering that there was a whopping two hundred thousand BF difference between them.

This was one of the reasons why no one could stand up to the Elder Dragon in the entire alliance.

When there was a massive reaction speed, nothing really worked against him since everything would appear in slow motion to him.

It didn't matter if one could blow an entire planet with a punch...As long as the attack didn't land, then it was just useless.

This was what was happening to Felix right now as he possessed so much in his arsenal, but at the same time, he understood that it would immensely difficult to land anything on him.

Boom!! Cling!! Cling!!! Thuud!!...

The two combatants continued to trade punches, kicks, and some elemental abilities here and there as they were both focused on winning this seemingly impossible conflict.

The peaceful and beautiful landscape was turned into an absolute hell as they traveled across the entire place, not stopping their feverish clash for even a split second.

'I didn't want to use this, but he is clearly afraid of my poison.'

In the end, Felix was the first to separate from the melee battle and Elder Dragon seemed also cool with it.

Both of them looked at each other while being separated by hundreds of meters.

Felix's wounds from corrosion healed at a noticeable pace, causing Elder Dragon's irritation to intensify.

Felix ignored his look and got rid of his crystalized claws, causing Elder Dragon to raise his guard to the limit.

"Destruction cube." Felix uttered with a flat tone as he extended his palm forward.

The same dark red aura-like cube manifested from his palm again.

However, everyone was taken aback when they noticed that the cube stopped growing after reaching the size of a Rubic cube.

'Hmmm? Is he going to use it as a projectile?' Elder Dragon's expression got solemn as he was warier of destruction abilities than poison.

At least poison could react to fire. Destruction was a concept that didn't react to anything and sought pure destruction of anything that it touched!

In other words, it didn't matter if his scales had 99% indestructibility...As long as it wasn't 100%, he would be erased by a mere touch!

However, Felix didn't throw the cube at him.

He merely waved his hand to the side and the small cube began multiplying rapidly until Felix was seen holding into a long sword made out of red cubes!!!

This was the doing of none other than his last active ability, *Destruction Infestation*!

"Let's try again, shall we?" Felix uttered with a cold tone as he waved the menacing destruction sword around!