Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Elder Dragon's scales tensed up at the sight of the destruction sword, knowing deep down that his situation had just gone from bad to worst!

'He can't touch me with my reaction speed, but at the same time, I can't risk going on atta...'

Before he could finish his thought, his attention was captured by a spherical potion that Felix had beamed.

He didn't know what it was for, but he was certain that it wouldn't be good for him.

He was right in his assumption as the potion was called Reaction Booster Viel and it was a rank-five potion with a five-star difficulty!

This was the highest known grade for any potion in the alliance and Felix was already capable of concocting some of them!

Potions with this kind of grade had one of the greatest buffs possible, but at the same time, one of the worst side effects. Yet, Felix drank it in one gulp without an ounce of worry!

In less than a second, the potion's effect was already in place as Felix's brain began working on an overdrive akin to overclocking a graphics card!

'This really feels unnatural, good thing I got used to it during my practices in the past month.' Felix uttered with a deep frown as his vision turned slightly distorted for a moment before becoming normal.

This potion's effect was extremely potent as it forced the brain to work at least double its speed, which in turn enhanced the reaction speed, allowing Felix to finally match Elder Dragon!

Though, it was merely for five minutes and the moment the effect ended, Felix would end up with a nasty blood poisoning stemming from his brain.

This side effect was extremely potent as it was capable of killing off the user with a chance rate of 90%!

But in the case of Felix? This side effect was a joke against his poison immunity!

"Thank you for waiting, I will make sure to pay you properly." Felix said with a cold smile.

"..."

Elder Dragon remained quiet and prepared himself for the clash, knowing that there wasn't much for him but to wait.

After all, he could neither surrender nor turn his back on a confrontation with his overbearing pride.

Whoosh!!!

Abruptly, Felix charged forward with his sword held high, ready to strike Elder Dragon that stood before him.

Everything seemed in slow motion in his eyes but Elder Dragon's movements as he could finally capture them in time!

So, the moment Elder Dragon attempted to evade his sword, Felix caught him by surprise after changing its trajectory to slice through his massive torso.

Elder Dragon's instincts came to play and saved him by forcing his torso to twist abnormally akin to a snake, causing the tip of the sword to fly inches from his black scales!

Unfortunately for him, Felix's sword was just as flexible. 

'Blow!'

With a single command from Felix, the passing sword shattered into multiple red cubes and went through Elder Dragon's body!!

'Sh*t!' Elder Dragon's expression turned for the worst as he smelled his death approaching, knowing that those cubes would erase anything they touched!

However, he was soon taken aback by an abnormal pain coming from his scales.

'What the hell?!'

When he scanned his body, he found out that only his black scales were erased, exposing his bloody flesh in the open.

It was like he was skinned alive!

Whoosh!!

Without hesitation, Elder Dragon released inner explosive black flames in front of him, causing Felix to get engulfed in them while he was sent far away as the black flames acted like jets.

When he put enough distance from Felix, he stopped and examined his body again with seethed expression.

'Bastard!' Elder Dragon cursed hatefully as his heartbeats accelerated rapidly at his humiliating appearance.

It was like he was standing nude before the entire alliance without anything to hide!

"He actually marked just his scales. Your boy is really the personification of evil."

Erebus chuckled as he stared at Elder Dragon, who covered his entire body with black flames again to hide his exposed flesh.

"Does he need to go this far?" Cherufe wasn't pleased in the slightest by Felix's attitude toward this battle.

He realized that Felix had no intention of just ending the fight as fast as possible, but to shatter Elder Dragon's pride completely!

"This is personal for him." Thor shrugged his shoulders, not caring that his student's actions weren't approved.

If Cherufe knew that his champion almost killed Felix if it wasn't for his masters' saving him, he wouldn't be opening his mouth now.

Elder Dragon literally tried to kill Felix in the past even though there was a massive gap in strength between them.

Felix was merely paying what he owed.

"You need help with that?" Felix commentated with a faint icy smirk as he eyed Elder Dragon's scales recovering at a slow pace.

Dragons might have an amazing rejuvenation, but that's only for external and internal wounds like slashes, blunt attacks, or such.

Felix had utterly erased his scales from existence, which meant his body needed to create new ones from the start instead of healing them!

"I will kill you..." Elder Dragon gritted his teeth hatefully as he stared daggers at Felix.

"I am waiting, but before then, let's play, shall we?" Felix laughed a bit menacingly, causing most of the viewers to feel shivers course down their spines.

"What's that?"

Sir Victoire commentated in confusion after Felix suddenly manifested a long blue cubic sword on his other hand...It was exactly the same as the red one besides the color.

'He really is as unhinged as our Lord.' King Mahit thought to himself as he was watching the stream alone in his throne chamber.

He knew exactly what Felix was going to do with the blue sword and it felt wrong even for him.

Whoosh!!!

Not giving a sh*t about anyone's opinions or feelings, Felix disappeared from his place and appeared right next to Elder Dragon.

Then, he swung at him with his blue sword, forcing Elder Dragon to prioritize evading yet again!

He couldn't even use his claws to block the swords since they were made out of auras and his black flames were also useless against them!

The only legit way to deal with them was by not dealing with them.

But Elder Dragon just couldn't accept turning his back on a confrontation and running with his tail tucked between his legs...His pride made it impossible!

So, he kept trying his best to remain untouched by the blue sword.

Alas, with Felix's reaction speed being on par with him now, it was close to impossible to keep dodging his attacks forever.

Whoosh!!

In the end, Felix used a unique back strike to slice Elder Dragon from the middle with his blue sword.

'Huh?'

When the sword went through him, Elder Dragon was left with a stunned expression as he realized that his erased scales had been reconstructed back like they were never deleted before!

He looked down once and lifted his head to stare at Felix...When he saw him smiling diabolically, he couldn't help but feel his heart skip a beat.

Whoosh!! Whoosh!!

A split second later, Felix sliced through the air with a flurry of strikes from both of his swords, causing Elder Dragon's scales to get erased and then constructing them back on under the dumbfounded eyes of the viewers!!

No one knew what was going on, making them unable to comprehend this freaky and abnormal scene.

They came here to spectate a legendary battle, but it was turned into a one-sided dalliance!

Elder Dragon was being shown to the entire universe as nothing but a plaything to Felix as he couldn't even defend himself from having his scales either deleted or reconstructed!

It was the peak of humiliating a fighter as it made even idiots recognize the massive gap between Felix and Elder Dragon!

The worst part? Most viewers weren't too interested in the fact that Felix was almost immune to every single attack from Elder Dragon.

This made it hard to feel any sort of sympathy for Elder Dragon from the majority as in their eyes, they felt that Elder Dragon should be a god!

After all, he was being pumped as the strongest untouchable monster for two million years until everyone's image of him was that of an unkillable god.

Yet, here he was, being toyed around like a weakling undeserving of an ounce of their respect...

Felix spent a lot of his time preparing to give Elder Dragon the worst possible defeat in the history of the universe and this was merely part of it.

Crack!

While no one could hear it, Elder Dragon's overbearing godly image was slowly shattering in everyone's minds...Whether it was dragons or other viewers.

Elder Dragon was the only one who seemed to have heard or more precisely, felt it happening even though he couldn't see the viewers.

'The fight can't end like this...I can't lose my respect...I can't...I CAN'T GO BACK TO BEING A NOBODY!'