Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

With one inner furious roar, Elder Dragon took off into the sky at an insane speed using intense flame jets on his legs!

Then, he beamed five potions that seemed to be filled with bloodish content...He threw them in his horrific mouth with their glass bottles and gulped everything together.

Before the viewers could even guess the potions' names, Elder Dragon's body began growing at a rapid pace while changing his form drastically!

In less than a second, the transformation was over and Elder Dragon could be seen flying hundreds of kilometers above Felix in his original form.

A form that struck terrors in everyone's hearts the moment they saw it!

A form that was so majestic, his godly image in everyone's minds was restored instantly!

With a wingspan that stretched over hundreds of kilometers, Elder Dragon took to the sky with its powerful wings beating a thunderous rhythm as it soared into the clouds.

His body was muscular and sinewy, covered in thick, pitch-black scales that seemed to absorb the light around him.

There was nothing to compare with his humanoid form as his size made the entire battleground seem like a playground for children.

Yet, Felix didn't seem fazed in the slightest even when Elder Dragon covered the entire sky above him!

'At last.'

In fact, he actually smiled a little like he was hoping for Elder Dragon to take this form.

"Is this really the best decision?" King Treznor frowned, knowing that dragons' original form provide an insane boost to physical strength, but at the same time, it made them more prone to attacks.

Usually, this didn't matter to dragons as their scales were capable of reflecting 99% of damage...But against Felix? All inner circle leaders knew that he would be nothing more than a free target.

"He has obviously run out of options." Fishermen Queen Everley shook her head, "King Maxwell is just unbeatable."

Elder Dragon knew all of this and still took this form...He didn't do so as one last random desperate attempt, he went for it for a precise purpose.

"I CAN'T KILL YOU AS A MORTAL, BUT I CAN PLAY WITH YOU JUST AS WELL AS A GOD!" Elder Dragon roared furiously, causing the nearby clouds to get pushed away by the thundering soundwave.

It was clear to everyone that his rage had already taken over his mind as his body seemed to be releasing a visible crimson aura.

"Dragon fury." Felix murmured, "Did he pull it off? Did he cross past his mortal limit?"

Primogenitors, ten rulers, and most inner circle leaders had looks of expectations and curiosity as they stared at Elder Dragon, wanting to know the same answer.

With Elder Dragon's original form being this colossal being, his physical strength meant that he should be actually much closer to the one million mark.

Though, even if there was just ten thousand BF, it should be extremely difficult for him to cross it with just his innate dragon fury's buff.

That's why Elder Dragon took those ten potions as they were called Immortal Strength Potions.

Each was capable of boosting one's physical strength temporarily by a flat one thousand BF regardless of the user body's limitations!

Most physical buffing potions were somewhat useless for strong beings like Felix and Elder Dragon since the body's limitation reduce the buffs significantly.

The Immortal Strength Potions were considered not the best by the majority since the flat increase was trash compared to other buffing potions.

But in the case of Elder Dragon? It was exactly what he needed to push past the one million line!

'This is it! This is the feeling of being superior to everyone! This is what I always sought!' Elder Dragon remarked with a crazed look as he felt like he had control over every single cell in his body!

It was like his soul was finally in tune with his own body, making him have a sort of grandiose feeling like he could control everyone and everything around him.

The best part? His reaction speed had been enhanced to the point his entire look of the world was changed.

His mind seemed to be working at a hundred times the normal speed, making it close to impossible to be ambushed by anything below his reaction speed!

"This is what it feels to be a god." Elder Dragon smiled coldly as he eyed Felix, "I will make sure that you experience it as well."

Whoosh!! BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Everyone was left absolutely stupefied after Elder Dragon disappeared from his location and reappeared in a deep crater on the ground, completely annihilating hundreds of kilometers of surface area!

It was so sudden, it was like he teleported...With that massive size of his, it seemed too illogical and abnormal!

'Damn, the difference is really unbridgeable.' Felix smiled wryly as he teleported from the depth of the crater without a single injury on him.

He wanted Elder Dragon to go past one million line to experience the true strength of primogenitors' level beings.

He wanted it to be in a real fight so the situation would register in his mind that it was as serious as it could get.

But now? He recognized that it was not helpful at all.

That's because he also couldn't see Elder Dragon's movement just like everyone else!!!

It was like all mortals were thrown in the same pot against primogenitors level beings regardless of how close they were to them in strength.

This test finally convinced Felix that he should stay the f*ck away from the Darkins unless he crossed the one million line.

Whoosh!!

"Why are you running? Weren't you having fun before?"

Elder Dragon emerged from the self-created chasm and appeared above Felix, resembling a horrid dragon glaring at a hopeless man in most fantasies.

Still, the look of fear or worry that Elder Dragon was fishing from Felix was nowhere on his face.

This made him more pissed off as he believed that Felix thought he couldn't die even if he used the corrosion of his flames on him.

"I will make you regret your choice of not ending me when you had the chance." Elder Dragon opened his enormous mouth wide open, showing his dreadful teeth that were as big as skyscrapers.

Then, he gathered an insane quantity of pure black flames in his throat before breathing it towards Felix!!

'It's time to break him completely.' Felix grinned diabolically as he stood under the dragon's breath like a bug before a blowtorch.

'Concept Destruction Trident...Mark Black Flames.'

Without an ounce of fear, Felix merely created his trademark red trident and held it in front of him.

This comical scene made the viewers feel dumbfounded as the trident's size made it seem like a joke compared to the incoming flames.

Alas, their reaction was forcefully changed the moment Felix uttered those two words, "Volume Expansion."

The two-meter trident suddenly became as towering as a mountain!

Felix wasn't holding it anymore but actually hovering in the middle of it with the same unfazed expression.

Before the viewers could react to this bewildering scene, a much more shocking one appeared in front of them.

The Dragon's breath disappeared into the ether the instant it entered the trident's massive body...

"..."

"..."

"..."

The viewers might have been left stunned, but no one reacted as strongly as Elder Dragon whose unblinking eyes refused to move from the massive trident.

This scene was the last straw that broke the camel's back as Elder Dragon's last source of confidence to win this fight stemmed from his black flames.

Now, he was watching it getting devoured as if it amounted to nothing...

After the dragon's breath ended, Elder Dragon didn't make any other moves.

He just seemed frozen place...

Meanwhile, Felix created a crystalized throne and sat on it with a carefree expression.

He rested his chin on his hand and stared directly into Elder Dragon's enormous slits for a few moments before saying with a flat tone, "I allowed you to become a god to show you that even in your supreme form, you still can't amount to anything before me."

This statement had cut through Elder Dragon's heart and pride akin to a knife cutting through butter.

It pained him more than anything that Felix had done in the entire battle since he knew that it was the truth!

His most precious defenses were nothing against Felix's abilities.

His overpowering physical strength was useless against Felix's destruction immunity.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

His potent and dreadful black flames were a joke against his fire immunity and concept destruction spear.

Now, even in his god form, the supposed peak form that no other mortal had attained before, he was still incapable of defeating Felix...

To add salt to an injury? All of this was happening live in front of more than one quadrillion viewers...

"So, how about you save me the trouble of decapitating your head and just bow down before me." Felix said with an indifferent tone, "Bow down and accept me as the one and only Grand Supreme. Then, I might consider giving you an honorable death."