Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Felix was this bold and confident in his statements onlv because he was certain that Elder Dragon would never opt for surrender.

In this battle, he had only two choices, either death or victory.

Felix was making him understand that if he decided to bow down, he would spare him and kill him normally, allowing him to get revived.

Obviously, this wasn't going to happen as well, which meant everything that Felix said was just to piss and humiliate Elder Dragon even more!

'My saga can't end like this... I have built this entire era with my own hands... It can't end like this... It can't...‘

Felix's taunting words sure took a toll on Elder Dragon as his mind and heart refused to admit that he had already lost his Grand Supreme Title.

A title that he possessed ever since the foundation of the SGAlliance as no one managed to take it from him.

While other figures in the top ten were referred to as Supremes, only the number one was given the title The Grand Supreme.

It was the most authoritative and noble title in all of the platforms as it was given only to the strongest being in the entire alliance!

Now, Elder Dragon was watching it slip through his fingers in the most humiliating manner possible.

'MY SAGA CAN'T END LIKE THIS!!'

When rationality failed to help, his emotions took over, causing him to charge toward Felix with a maddening look!

BOO000000M!!

The throne was shattered instantly and Felix was launched akin to a canon ball into the ground, breaking through one hill after another.

When he stopped, he merely jumped out of the rubble while dusting his ass in a carefree manner.

The giant red trident followed him along like an aura that was a piece of him.

BOOOOOM!!!

Before the viewers could react, Elder Dragon continued assaulting Felix with his overbearing strength.

"This is a bit sad to watch.." Emperor Lokhil sighed, "How the great have fallen.

"This day was bound to come eventually."

Queen Alfreda shook her head, "Nothing is constant in this universe besides the universe itself."

In her eyes, everyone and everything had an expiration date regardless of strength or longevity.

Some fall in a mere day after their birth and some need billions of years...But, everyone had an expiration date.

"I have never thought I will see the composed and indifferent Elder Dragon losing his mind in my life.. King Maxwell is really something."

The Vulkans' Lord Azzen commentated as he sat with his peers.

Everyone smiled wryly as they watched Elder Dragon continue bringing utter destruction into the battlefield without any positive results.

Felix wasn't even scratched and the pain of those collisions? He took them like a champ as his pain tolerance was already on an unfathomable level due to his insane integrations.

Felix neither defended himself nor attempted to escape. He allowed Elder Dragon to continue venting his anger and hopelessness on him.

He knew that sooner or later, his temporarily boosted strength would run out and he would suffer from the side effects of the potions as well as his dragon fury. Then, he could make his move and end this once and for all.

As expected, after five minutes of nonstop useless attacks, Elder Dragon was finally forced into an abrupt halt after his body reverted back to its mortality status.

Cough!! Cough!!

He coughed a large amount of boiling blood as he kept breathing heavily while his vision seemed distorted.

"I can't...I can't accept this.. I refuse."

He kept repeating with great difficulty as he tried his best to locate Felix through his §*cked up vision.

Losing the enhanced reaction speed made it impossible for him to get back to his previous level without such nasty consequences.

To make matters worse, his dragon fury's boost was rapidly losing its heat.

The fact that he managed to keep up his peak rage consistent for five minutes straight was already an achievement on its oWn.

With those kinds of side effects piling up one after another, Elder Dragon could be said to be at the weakest point in his life.

Felix was waiting just for this moment..

"You finally grew tired?"

Felix teleported in front of him with a blinding light that caused Elder Dragon to squint at him.

With his distorted vision, he was seeing multiple versions of Felix in front of him.

"You are just a bastard human who shouldn't be worthy to even wipe my claws clean..

This isn't right, this isn't fair.." Elder Dragon spoke with great difficulty as blood kept rushing from his mouth.

"It's alright, you are experiencing the stage of denial" Felix smiled at his nasty words, "I will save you the trouble of going through the remaining stages."

The moment he finished speaking, Felix began growing at a rapid speed until he matched Elder Dragon's size, reaching more than hundreds of kilometers!!! Because he had absorbed all the force

from the past five minutes of beat down, his body became brighter than the sun itself, making it impossible for the viewers to even see his skin!

Before they could react, Felix manifested a gigantic crystalized white sword and held its hilt.

The crystalized sword reflected the light coming out of Felix, turning it into a sword of angels used to deliver eternal judgment upon the sinners!

Felix wasn't done yet as he covered the sharp side of the sword with massive red cubes that were marked to target only the scales.

Then, Felix lifted the sword up high with one hand, touching the ceiling of the sky. He looked at Elder Dragon with an emotionless expression and uttered,

"Once more, pride has doomed another great dragon.

Felix couldn't forget Domino who had a bright future ahead of him. He even considered befriending him as he liked his personality.

Alas, when he was faced with defeat, his pride got the best of him and he was turned into an insufferable being incapable of accepting his loss.

All of this was because of the dragons' inner pride.

Here he was, punishing another dragon due to the same problem...

Without waiting for a response, Felix swung the sword in a single motion at the unmoving Elder Dragon who seemed to have been stuck in the denial stage. He just kept murmuring that he couldn't let his Saga end at the hands of a human over and over again even when the sword had already touched his forehead.

Slice!

The red destruction cube coating erased the annoying scales, allowing the sword a smooth journey from Elder Dragon's head to the bottom of his abdomen...

The slice happened so fast, the viewers barely blinked and Felix had already retracted the bloody sword.

"It can't end like this.. It..can't. It..

Elder Dragon went quiet only after his mouth and throat began separating from the very center like the rest of his body.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Under the stunned eyes of the viewers, Elder Dragon's separated halves fell into the ground in a seemingly slow motion.

Blood, flesh, organs, bones, and other bodily fluids were seen disengaging from his body midair, creating an unforgivable scene for everyone.

No one spoke or breathed out loud as their eyes remained affixed on the falling corpse of their leader, their founder, and their previous strongest and most respectful figure in their world.

It was like the entire universe was giving him a moment of silence to pay respect even when there was nothing about the battle to be respected...

Thud! Thud!! With two loud thunderous bangs, Elder Dragon's separated corpse settled on hundreds of kilometers of surface area, appearing like the corpse of a slain god. If this wasn't happening in the UVR, everyone knew that Elder Dragon's corpse would be worshipped by new civilizations after eons passed...

Alas, before this thought could take root in their minds, everyone took a deep cold breath at the sight of Elder Dragon's red flesh turning darker while shrinking in size like it was being eaten by worms.

Although his size was that of hundreds of kilometers, it barely took a few seconds before only Elder Dragon's blackened sickening bones were left behind…"Your child sure knows no mercy to

those who wronged him." Aspidochelone spoke with a faint wry smile as he knew that Felix had completely wiped out

Elder Dragon from existence.Queen Ai might not have announced it out loud, but the primogenitors knew immediately that Elder Dragon's soul was killed by True Poison before his body...

When it came to souls, almost all mortals had the same standard defenses against attacks. Elder Dragon was no different as his soul was not special in this department.

As for the source of the True Poison?

Most viewers were blinded by the light, but the primogenitors saw that Felix's sword was filled with liquid True Poison.

-Congratulation to Landlord for his victory after eliminating Elder Dragon

Berserth!-

Under this deafening silence, Queen Ai released this announcement three times

after Sir Victiore failed to do his job.

No one could blame him.

He was just as stunned as everyone else at the notion that the SGAlliance had lost one of its last founding members forever.

How they did know exactly?

At the same time as the announcement, Oueen Ai sent an automatic message to every single member of the alliance. -The Grand Supreme Elder Dragon

Berserth has passed away.-

It was a short and emotionless message,

but it brought out emotions from everyone as whether one hated or loved

Elder Dragon, no one thought that there would be a day when he go to the other side..

'I might have taken his title and humiliated him in a battle, but his presence in everyone's heart is just too deep.'

Felix thought to himself the moment he got teleported back to the stadium and was met with utter silence instead of cheers over doing the impossible and dethroning Elder Dragon...