But this silence didn't last for long as Felix had an obsessed fan base that cared literally about nothing but him!

LAAAAANDLOORD!!!! CLAP!! CLAP!! CLAP!!...

The cheers and chants were faint and spread out due to the low numbers of his fans, but since everyone else was as quiet as mice, they took over the stadium rapidly!

This caused the remaining spectators to start breaking out of their daze one by one. Some joined Felix's fans in their cheers while the majority had absolutely no clue how to react properly to Elder Dragon's death.

Even the dragons' reaction seemed conflicted as most of them felt that Elder Dragon's death shouldn't have happened, but at the same time, they couldn't really curse out Felix or blame him.

After all, they respected strength above anything else and they believed that it was within Felix's own right to kill his enemy in a one vs one battle.

"He really did it..." Clan Head Kyrsun murmured with an absentminded expression.

Clan heads Ygos, Azesdirth, and Bymid all glanced at him with the same look.

They wanted Felix to kill Elder Dragon for real as it would finally open up his leadership position for competition again after millions of years of his dictatorship.

Now that it happened, it felt too surreal for them...

"He might not have the best character out there, but he was one of the greatest alliance leaders we ever knew."

Emperor Lokhil sighed as he glanced at Elder Dragon's empty chair, "I will kinda miss him."

"I still don't know what caused those two to have such bad blood between them." Queen Alfreda shook her head, "Maybe the result would have been different otherwise."

"Doubtful." High Chietain Lokaka remarked, "Elder Dragon will never accept his defeat and losing his grand supreme title.

This means they will keep going at each other throat every decade until King Maxwell finally gives in and kill him once and for all."

"Bad blood or not, there is only one Grand Supreme Title, and clearly none of them are going to give up on it."

This was the logical side of the whole situation and the ten rulers all could see it happening in real life.

But most viewers didn't look this far...All they knew was that the alliance's founding father was killed for real when he had the possibility of revival.

This caused most of them to end up flipping off on Felix and actually start to bad mouth him or boo him, which made the entire atmosphere change for the worst!

Felix already anticipated public outrage and didn't seem to care that much about it.

He merely waved his hand at his fans with a faint smile as he always do for their continuous support throughout his long journey.

Then, he turned his back and teleported outside of the stadium one last time, knowing that from today onward, he was never going to step foot on this platform again.

"Ladies and gentlemen, ahhh, there is going to be a ceremony for the title's bestowment in three days. You are all free to attend and celebrate this historical moment in our lives."

Sir Victoire finally got his sh*t together and tried to control the atmosphere after seeing Felix's departure.

Unfortunately, emotions were running high and no one really listened to him...Felix's fans were extremely upset that their idol's last game was turned into this by other viewers.

They weren't able to even celebrate the fact that he had broken Elder Dragon's win streak record and even set a new unbreakable one of having more than twenty-nine continuous wins!

The ten challenges were considered wins even if they were forfeited, which meant Felix's haters had nowhere to hold him from this win streak ever again.

Alas, Felix's fans weren't given even the chance to brag as Elder Dragon's death was just too of a serious matter that affected everyone.

"Well, I guess you guys have won the race." Erebus gave a slow clap to Felix's masters.

"What's your next move now? Take another human under your wing and restart the climb?" Cherufe scoffed...He was clearly still irritated by how the battle turned out to be.

"Nope, we are retiring." Thor shrugged, "Jurmi and I took part in this to teach those darkins rats a lesson. Now that they have been kicked out of the council and games altogether, there is no point anymore."

"I took part for the sake of Manicial Monoliths." Lady Sphinx added, "I have already taken all the pieces that you had."

In a sense, all of Felix's masters had their goals achieved from the platform too, which really was considered a happy ending for everyone involved.

"So, I guess we won't be seeing much of you anymore in the games...A shame." Siren sighed in disappointment.

As much as she disliked Felix defeating her champions nonstop, she still preferred having him in the games since it was more

entertaining to bet with three primogenitors at once.

While Felix's masters had already fulfilled their desires from the platform and the games, the rest of the primogenitors were doing all of this just for entertainment purposes.

Now that Felix had reached the end of the road in the most spectacular manner, every one of them knew that it really wasn't going to be the same without him or his masters...

Obviously, there were still racial games and Felix could potentially join the Void Nation Team or The Human Team.

But honestly? Felix wasn't really needed in both teams as his void nation was already strong enough to dominate even the dragons in racial games.

Meanwhile, his human race team could be led by Noah and Olivia after they exit the Elemental Galaxy.

Just Noah alone was capable of soloing the entire racial games platform if the void nation team wasn't considered.

So, unbeknownst to the raging viewers, this was the last time they were ever going to see Felix in a game again.

One could only wonder if their reaction would be the same if they knew this...

"It's a good thing we didn't waste our time on Elder Dragon." Saurous said as he closed the stream for the battle.

"I expected the battle to go on that brat's side, but I still didn't think he will be this dominant." Wendigo shook his head.

"He even lost after becoming a temporary deity." Saurous frowned, "That concept destruction ability is capable of acting as the perfect barrier against anything he marked, which will make it difficult even for us to kill him with elemental abilities or spiritual pressure."

The ability to destroy concepts entailed that even the invisible spiritual pressure could not bypass the destructiveness of the element.

This meant the concept destruction trident could be considered as the perfect shield against almost anything... It literally took offense as the best method of defense to a whole different level!

Elder Dragon would have realized that his spiritual pressure was also useless if it was enhanced with his reaction speed during his fake breakthrough.

The only reason his spiritual pressure remained the same was that it was heavily connected with his true self as a whole.

If Elder Dragon truly achieved a deity level in a proper manner and his entire body was transformed permanently, then, his spiritual pressure would have been improved to match his new status in the universe.

Using potions and such to cross the one million line wasn't it.

"If we want to continue with our plan, you can expect that there will be some resistance if you didn't manage to ambush him before he could react." Saurous said with a deep frown.

"Indeed, you must kill him before he uses this ability to defend himself." Wendigo said as he eyed his partner Manananggal.

"You guys are worrying too much." Manananggal said calmly, "Even if he had his masters near him, I will still be fast enough to kill him before he or they can do anything...Nothing is faster than internal blood impulsion."

"We know, but it's best to still be cautious. This is going to be our last attempt at his life and we are paying our freedom for its sake." Wendigo narrowed his eyes, "It must work."

Don't forget, we are also owing Illusion primogenitor a huge favor over his additional help. I can't imagine what that unpredictable trickster will ask from us later on." Saurous said with a slight shiver coursing down his spine after recalling their meeting with the Illusion primogenitor that happened four months ago. Ad AX

Four Months Earlier...

The darkins could be seen stepping into a living room that greeted them with a warm and inviting atmosphere. It exuded both comfort and sophistication.

The walls were a soothing shade of pale blue, complemented by subtle metallic accents that added a futuristic touch to the decor.

They walked towards a plush, oversized sofa that seemed to beckon them to sink into its cushions.

In one corner of the room, a sleek, chrome fireplace crackled with an artificial flame that danced and flickered like the real thing.

The heat radiating from the fireplace was just enough to create a cozy ambiance without making the room too stuffy.

"Where is he?" Saurous asked as he sat with his peers on the cushions.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Who kn..."

Before Wendigo could finish his sentence, he felt a slight touch on his rear, forcing him to jump up instantly.

His peers reacted the same as they were also touched.

When they looked at the cushions, they had an irritated expression clouding their faces at the sight of two beautiful star-like mischievous eyes and pale slender feminine hands emerging from the cushions.

"Your tushies are still as perky as ever." A soothing giggle echoed in the room, making the three primogenitors' eyelids twitch in

annoyance.

"And you are still as bothersome as ever."

Wendigo called with an irked tone, "Loki."