1267 How Deeply Was He Involved?

Abruptly, a breathtaking woman emerged from the cushion and sat on it with one leg crossed above the other. 1

Her hair was an enchanting shade of deep blue, shimmering like the ocean on a sunny day. It cascaded down her back.

Her eyes were a bright, piercing green that seemed to sparkle with an inner light, and her delicate features were framed by a few strands of hair that fell gracefully around her face.

Her skin was smooth and flawless, with a hint of natural blush on her cheeks that gave her a youthful glow.

Her slender figure was accentuated by a form- fitting dress that hugged her curves in all the right places, and she moved with a grace and poise that suggested both confidence and elegance.

Her overall appearance was nothing short of breathtaking, with an otherworldly beauty that left anyone who saw her spellbound.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"We are here for serious business, so let's put the pranks aside, Loki." Saurous said with a stern tone, not affected in the slightest by her enchanting beauty.

"I know, you want information about Lord Khaos." Loki smiled at them.

"You were spying on us? Haven't we told you to stop doing that." Wendigo showed a displeased expression.

"Ahhh, sorry but no can do, your current conflict with the Asgardians is the most entertaining story right now." Loki giggled while covering his mouth, making the Darkins' eyelids twitch in irritation.

Unfortunately, they knew that the moment Loki's found something entertaining, nothing would make him drop it.

"Forget it, you creep. What can you tell us about Lord Khaos? Is he really afraid of stepping into the Paragon of Sins' area of slumber?" Saurous inquired with a solemn tone.

"Hmmm, I don't know about the term 'afraid', but he is definitely avoiding the void realm's territory of what is beyond the great void." Loki replied while rubbing his smooth fair chin, seemingly used to scratching a beard.

His mannerism was that of a man through and through, but his beautiful female appearance would really trip anyone off.

The Darkins never asked him about his current appearance since they knew that he was into shapeshifting and always had a new appearance once in a while.

In fact, no one had ever seen his real appearance before besides Lady Sphinx as she was the only one capable of seeing through his perfect illusions with her Truth Vision.

"How confident are you?" Manananggal inquired.

"Ummm, 90%?" Loki shrugged his shoulders, "Lord Khoas is an old good pal of mine, but he is really too secretive even for me. All I know is that I heard a rumor of him having a fallout with the Paragon of Sins back in the days when she was still awake. So, it's fair to assume that he wants to stay away from her."

"A fallout? That's new." Wendigo and his peers looked at each other with startled expressions.

Just like the rest of the primogenitors, they assumed that Lord Khoas' relationship with the Paragon of Sins must be somewhat unfriendly due to the mess she created in his peaceful realm...But they didn't think it would be due to fallout.

"That's all I know, whether he will hunt you down or not, that's for you to find out." Loki said.

Manananggal and his peers looked at each with solemn expressions and took their conversation on a telepathic level.

'What do you think? Should we go for it?'

'I think 90% is high enough to take the risk.'

'I honestly would have done it for much lower.'

It seemed like the darkins were convinced to commit to their plan as 90% was more than enough for them to take such a risk if it mean finally getting rid of Felix once and for all.

'If we did this it means we won't be able to return back to our side ever!' Saurous narrowed his eyes.

'It doesn't really matter that much for any of us.' Wendigo said coldly, 'We have been kicked out of the primogenitors' council and most of our descendants have been massacred while the rest became refugees...There is nothing to come back to in the first place!'

The fact that Felix was solely responsible for all of this made it easier for them to make the decision.

'Well, I have heard that the alliance is making plans to explore and expand on what is beyond the great void. Saurous said, 'If everything went smoothly, the UVR's signal will cover that territory and we will be able to access it again. So, we really won't be losing much.'

'You're right.'

The two main issues with their plan were Lord Khaos and the fact that they would be losing the UVR's connection.

Now that it looked like both of them were

somewhat handled, there wasn't much of a downside.

'Just to be safe, I suggest both of you go ahead of me and let me handle the assassination alone.' Manananggal suggested calmly, 'Lord Khaos must be having his eyes on that brat. I might kill him in time but I am not certain I will be able to make out alive.'

While Manananggal could afford to lose his clones, those two could be screwed big time if they angered Lord Khaos and got caught by him.

So, it was best for them to travel to the other side before the assassination attempt and leave it for their partner.

'I want to rip that little f*cker with my own hands.' Saurous said coldly, 'But, you have a point!

"I am glad you have made up your minds." Loki smiled widely, "This is going to be fun."

"You really are a bastard."

Wendigo and his peers got vexed after realizing that Loki was listening to their telepathic conversation.

They knew that he had the means of doing this, but they didn't think that he would be insolent enough to eavesdrop in front of their faces.

"I already told you that I am quite invested in this story." Loki acted upset, "It's your own fault for not including me willingly."

Knowing that there was no escaping from Loki's forceful inclusion, the darkins could only sigh in defeat and leave him be.

"Plus, I can even help you out." Loki showed a mischievous smile as he manifested a small blood drop in a glass vial before them.

"Is this?" Manananggal raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"Yep." Loki sent the blood drop towards them and said, "I am not giving it for free, of course."

"What do you want?" Saruous asked with a serious tone.

This might be just a normal blood drop in the eyes of other people but before the Darkins? It was the last key in their assassination plan!

"Since you will be immigrating to the other side, I want you to help spread out the UVR's signal in the demons' territory." Loki requested, "The alliance won't have problems with the other races, but the demons will most definitely reject their wooing attempt."

"May I ask why?" Manananggal spoke with a composed tone, "This has nothing to do with the deal as we accept it, but I am really curious why are you trying so hard to put the entire universe under your illusion domain."

If anyone were to hear this, they would have felt chills course on their spine at the implication of his statement!

It wouldn't take a genius to realize that the Illusion Primogenitor Loki had a massive connection to the UVR's existence as a whole.

But how deeply involved was he? It was clear that only primogenitors seemed to have this kind of crucial information.

"I am just running my own experiment." Loki merely smiled and didn't add any further.

The darkins glanced at each other and dropped the matter at once, knowing that Loki was really weird and his motives were always incomprehensible.

Since he couldn't bring harm to them with his experiment, they really didn't give a sh*t about what he do with the others.

So, they thanked him for his help and left his place with the blood drop.

After the room was emptied, Loki waved his hand casually and four holograms emerged in front of him.

What's shocking was that those holograms were showing the Darkins' point of view in addition to Felix's in real time!

It was like he hacked into their brains and was capable of seeing exactly the same view without raising a single alarm in their minds!

He manifested a cocktail with a straw and spectated the holograms with a look of anticipation.

"I have been following your story ever since your unigin girlfriend joined my world. Please do not disappoint me and end your story now. It will be a long while before the main entertaining event begins." Loki wished as he watched Felix's screen place with the blood drop.

After the room was emptied, Loki waved his hand casually and four holograms emerged in front of him.

What's shocking was that those holograms were showing the Darkins' point of view in addition to Felix's in real time!

It was like he hacked into their brains and was

capable of seeing exactly the same view without raising a single alarm in their minds!

He manifested a cocktail with a straw and spectated the holograms with a look of anticipation.

"I have been following your story ever since your unigin girlfriend joined my world. Please do not disappoint me and end your story now. It will be a long while before the main entertaining event begins." Loki wished as he watched Felix's screen that was showing him training in his UVR's room.

"It will be really disappointing if my only source of entertainment ends preemptively...Really disappointing."