1268  It's Time To Put You To Rest...

<nullb>Back to the present...

"Did you manage to track him yet?" Saurous inquired.

"No, he is still constantly on light speed mode." Manananggal informed as he eyed a spinning blood drop on his palm.

"Tsk, he is bound to stop eventually." Wendigo clicked his tongue in irritation.

Ever since they had left their meeting with Loki, they kept attempting to use the blood drop to track down Felix's location.

It was more than possible since the blood drop was 100% the exact copy of Felix's blood!

If the Darkins asked Queen Ai or anyone to give them this drop of blood, they would have been denied thoroughly since they had no permission from the owner.

But, Loki was clearly outside of the system's control and could do whatever he wanted with all the Data in the UVR.

In fact, he could even give them the exact location of Felix by tracking his AP Bracelet. But, he obviously found no fun in this.

Nevertheless, with Manananggal's perfect control over blood, he was the only one capable of tracking locations by a mere blood drop even on a universal scale.

Unfortunately for them, Felix almost never bothered to stop his spaceship from leaving the light-speed mode since he spent most of his time in the UVR.

Though, the times when he exited the UVR to integrate with his bloodline kept helping the Darkins narrow his area.

Right now, they had already located that he was in the Milky Way Galaxy and to be precise in his Federation's large territory.

"Just be patient, we are getting nearer and nearer..." Manananggal said with narrowed eyes.

"By the way, I have concluded the deal with Lord Dune. He said he will open a private wormhole leading straight to the other side and keep it open for us." Saurous shared.

"Good, we will depart the moment it's done." Manananggal nodded.

Naturally, Manananggal was going with them too as he knew that Lord Khoas would definitely hunt down all of his clones after the deed.

Since he only needed one clone for the assassination and he was linked with it through consciousness, they could supervise the assassination from the safety of the other side.

It might seem cowardly, but when someone reached their level of wisdom, there was no such thing as cowardly actions or honorable actions...Just actions with consequences.

...

<nullb><nulli>Three days later...

On the day of the Grand Supreme Ceremony, the Mariana Capital City's streets were alive with anticipation as the sun rose.

Days of anticipation led to this gracious moment, when the city's residents lined the streets in their finest attire, waving flags and banners in the air.

While the majority were humans, there were many people from other races also participating in this historical day.

The city was vast but still, all of its streets were crowded to the brim with excited and feverish citizens.

Houses and buildings were decorated with large pictures of Felix in different poses and attires throughout his entire journey on the platform.

Even the sky wasn't left at peace as there were many slow-flying airships, pulling humongous holographic screens, showing Felix's most viral and extraordinary videos from his games.

Such as the moment when he surfed above a rushing magma river inside an erupting Volcano!

Everyone declared that he was a dead man, yet he proved them wrong and escaped to safety while also securing the win.

Or the epic moment where he slayed the Kraken...An entire alliance of more than thirty players got absolutely owned by the Kraken.

When everyone thought that this monster was unkillable, Felix proved to them again that the impossible wasn't in his dictionary.

The current highlight was showing exactly the moment when Felix took off into the thunderstorm without wings.

Lightning flashed and thunder roared in the background as he began free-diving towards the monstrous Kraken while spinning around himself to create more powerful momentum on the bulky end of his tail.

Under the trillions of people right now in the city with their heads lifted into the sky, Felix went through Kraken and emerged from the other side bloody, tired, and pained, but victorious!

<nulli>Clap! Clap!! Clap!!..

"I was there...Sob, I was there..."

"Man...This hurts bad..."

"I still can't believe our Lord is retiring...Sniffle, is this really it? We only got less than twenty games from him."

Most citizens watching those highlights couldn't help but feel emotional as to whether they were there when those epic scenes happened or not, they still wished collectively for more...

Alas, Felix had reached the end of the road for real...There was nothing more for the games to offer him as he literally almost owned the entire alliance now.

He was the Grand Supreme, the Void Nation King, and the Humans recognized leader...He had the backing of Queen Allura, Queen Alfreda, and even potentially King Mahit.

This meant that he had five votes in the bag in almost any decision made by the ten rulers.

His authority could be said to even surpass Elder Dragon as the friends and allies he made on his arduous path backed him up.

Right now, Felix could be seen standing on the balcony ledge of his newly build majestic palace.

The majestic palace, with its soaring spires reaching high into the sky, stood in the middle of the city.

Although Felix wasn't considering himself to be royalty or even interested in creating a royal family, his people made him insignia with his family's name...It was displayed on tapestries and banners that were hung across the entire palace.

"They really are going all out for you." Asna said with a mesmerizing smile as she stood next to him and locked her arms with him.

"I would have gone for something subtle, but I really had no say in this." Felix smiled wryly as he recalled his senior sister Allura scolding him for wanting the ceremony to be lowkey.

In her exact words, she said that the Grand Supreme ceremony affected the entire alliance's population as a whole since it marked the birth of a new leader, a new alliance, and a new era.

It would be disrespectful to make a lackluster ceremony.

Obviously, Elder Dragon's death wasn't forgotten so soon as many people decided to boycott attending or watching the ceremony's stream.

The public outrage had yet to be squelched and had gotten even worse when Elder Dragon's funeral finished two days ago.

Fortunately, the humans didn't give a sh*t about Elder Dragon's death when their king was the one replacing him. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

So, even when many people boycotted the ceremony, its liveness wasn't affected in the slightest.

"King Maxwell, it's time." Zosia informed after entering the room.

"I will be there soon." Felix nodded at her before looking at the sky with a tint of sadness...To be precise, he was looking at his in-game name that was written in clouds.

"We had a great run...But, it's time to put you to rest my old friend."

With a forced smile, Felix turned around and walked towards the door with Asna holding his arm.

As the door was closing behind him, a glimpse of the name appeared from the balcony.

<nullb>UNPAID LANDLORD...