Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1269 Grand Supreme Ceremony!

Ka-Thump!!!

As the giant well-designed royal gate was pushed wide open by two guards, Felix, and his Madam stepped forth inside the throne chamber with arms locked together and nonchalant expressions.

The majesty of the royal throne chamber was readily apparent. The space was large and had tall marble pillars supporting its high ceilings.

The walls were covered with beautiful tapestries that showed historical and triumphant episodes throughout his entire journey.

Every step he took on the polished marble floor reverberated throughout the space.

The throne itself was situated at the far end of the space, elevated on a dais. It was a massive building made of dazzling gold and set with priceless stones.

Felix's emblem was shown on the throne's back, while the seat was upholstered in the richest crimson velvet.

Even with grandeur and magnificence, it dimmed out the instant King and his Queen showed their presence before the attending guests.

The ten rulers were all here even King Mahit for some reason.

The Void Nations' councilmen were also situated behind the throne with solemn expressions, appearing like royal guardians.

Zosia, The Maganda Chief, Princess Bird Alisa, and the rest of the anti-royalty alliance OG members were seen standing at the side of the throne chamber even higher in position than the inner circle leaders.

Lara, Lobna, Naima, Ishtar, and the rest of the witch academy teachers were also attending in their finest dresses, appearing as glamorous as possible.

Winfried, Hamaru, The Fang, and the rest of the Void Mercenary Branch leaders were seen gazing at Felix and his goddess girlfriend with complex looks.

In fact, almost everyone attending this ceremony seemed to have mixed emotions at the sight of Felix getting nearer and nearer to the throne.

"This really feels surreal... Naima spoke telepathically with her friends, not daring to even breathe out loud in the presence of Felix and Ansa.

They might not mean it, but both of them were releasing an authoritative pressure like two perfect deities born from the same mold and for each other.

'It sure is...Who would have thought that hooligan in our academy will reach this height in less than two decades. Ishtar smiled wryly, 'I barely managed to master two rank three potions in the same time frame!

'Felix..'

Princess Bird Alisa bite her lips tightly as Felix walked past her and gave her a faint gentle smile before continuing on his path.

Two decades was enough time for her to mature and grow into a fine beautiful woman who would make any man gift her a ring at the slightest opening.

That faint smile from Felix made her realize that he still saw her as that little annoying child who can't articulate her emotions in an honest way.

'You will be alright! Magnda Chief smiled bitterly as he placed his hand on top of his daughter's head and lowered it.

He knew more than anyone that his daughter have loved and wanted Felix for more than two decades even when he stopped interacting with her.

Alas, just the sight of Asna alone was enough to completely shatter any competition for Felix's heart.

He didn't even need to do anything for other women to realize that they couldn't amount to Ana in beauty, confidence, and natural goddess-like demeanor.

Since this ceremony was being streamed live, billions of dreamy women's hearts were shattered just like Princess Bird's at the sight of this perfect couple.

Only Selphie resisted Asna's overpowering traits and was still trying her best to fight for a place in Felix's heart even when he already rejected her.

"Your Majesty!"

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!..

The moment Felix reached the throne, Arthur, The Ruiner, Meriam, Mammon, Aegnor, and Candace all took a knee simultaneously with the most respectful expression.

This sight alone had made many inner circle leaders frown a little as it made them understand that Felix had such a strong grip on his overpowering void nation.

Whether they liked to admit it or not, having Felix as the new Grand Supreme made them honestly nervous for their future.

Who could blame them? He was even more overpowered and scarier than Elder Dragon.

"Arise."

The councilmen stood back up and returned to their positions after the order. Felix held Asna's hand gently and helped her sit first on her own dignified chair.

Only then did he sit down and looked at everyone with a smile that exuded utmost confidence and authority.

"I appreciate everyone accepting my invitation to the ceremony, I am truly honored to be in presence of friends, colleagues, and family" Felix said with a grateful tone.

"We are the ones honored by the invitation." Maganda Chief smiled while the others nodded in approval.

Seeing that everyone was ready, Felix stood up again with a serious expression and looked directly into the transparent camera in front of him.

As the new Grand Supreme, he was dutied to make a speech that addressed the entire alliance as a whole since he was considered the eleventh member of the ten rulers.

"My dear people, I am humbled and grateful for the trust you have placed in me as I stand before you today as your new Grand Supreme. I have fought tooth and nail for this position as I always knew deep down that I can do wonderful things to make our lives easier and worth living."

"I am very aware of the obstacles the alliance has faced in the past and Elder Dragon's extraordinary role in overcoming them. I am not here to bad-mouth his legacy or hard work to create those peaceful times."

"I am standing before you here for one single reason...I have a vision of progress, prosperity, and peace for our alliance.

Felix paused as he narrowed his eyes, making everyone's hearts skip a beat the moment they stared directly into his eyes.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"So, my first task as the Grand Supreme is to explore what lies beyond the great void."

The moment this statement left his mouth, almost everyone was left stunned as this was the first time they hear about this.

Only the inner circle leaders were

knowledgeable about the alliance's exploration plans and they were under contracts to keep such Intel to themselves.

'Looks like the ten rulers want to use this platform to gauge their citizens' reaction. King Treznor thought to himself.

He understood that Felix had no permission to make such an announcement alone even if he was the Grand Supreme.

This meant a vote was carried in the ten rulers' assembly to make the news public in the ceremony.

As expected, this kind of news wasn't easy to digest for everyone as the majority didn't even bother to learn about the other side of the universe.

Still, the zealous citizens of the alliance all broke into massive waves of feverishly excited cheers, whether in the stream chats or in the streets!

[I can't believe they are giving it another attempt! I heard that High Chieftain Lokaka almost got lost in the great void!]

[This is massive news!! I heard rumors that more than 40% of the universe is cut off from us by the great void!]

[Dear god...I can't even fathom what kind of races and lifeforms exists on the other side.]

[Am I the only one who thinks this is a very bad idea? Who knows if the other side is filled with monsters and races much stronger than us combined? Won't be inviting trouble?]

Trouble? How can you even say that with a straight face? The SGAlliance is the most powerful entity in the universe and nothing can stop us if we decide to conquer anyone!]

There were some mixed opinions here and there of very concerned citizens, but the majority were on a high dosage of excitement about the future.

They understood that the other side must be filled with either untouched resources and treasures or new races.

In both scenarios, the alliance would benefit greatly from the exploration as even if those races owed such said resources, it wasn't hard to get them to join the alliance and share them.

If they rejected their peace offering? It was even better as it had been a while since the alliance went to war against outsiders!

"I know that some of you must be feeling worried and troubled about the unknown."

Felix faced the camera again with an aura that exuded an overbearing amount of confidence and pride. Then, he uttered a statement that made everyone feel goosebumps, "For I'm The Grand Supreme and as long as I live, the alliance will remain standing tall and upright.

"You have my word."

Creators' Thoughts With that we conclude, the Fifteen Volume: The Grand Supreme.

This volume can be considered as the end of the games arks in the novel as from now on ward, the plot will keep progressing until the novel's conclusion.

I know that the novel's name is supremacy games, but it is still a sci-fi cultivation novel at heart.

I hope you have enjoyed this volume and all the games that I have written before it as from now onward, it's going to get real heated!

Thank you for your continuous support!

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.