Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1271 Truth in Lies, Lies in Truth? Who to Believe? I

As the decision was made, Felix left the responsible departments to finalize the rest. 1

The decision was approved by a massive majority of the citizens, making almost everyone keep stalking the SG Alliance's website for more details.

As a side bonus, many upset people about Elder Dragon's death seemed to have laid out their protest torches against Felix.

They realized that it might not be so bad to have Felix as their Grand Supreme since he clearly showed that he cared about commoners...At least much better than Elder Dragon who couldn't give a sh*t about anyone's life.

Felix couldn't have cared less about the public's opinion of him as he kept spending most of his time on his integration, hoping to hit 99% as soon as possible.

Since he was already at 75% before his fight with Elder Dragon, it took him fifteen days more or less to reach 98%.

Right now, he was pushing through the remaining 1% with great difficulty under the solemn expressions of the tenants.

"Do you think death might change his attitude?" Thor inquired.

"Doubtful, you know how he is." Jormungandr shook his head, "He is impulsive, has a short fuse, lacks empathy, and has self-destructive behavior. I would be grateful if he just didn't cause us trouble after waking up."Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Lord Shiva wasn't being called unhinged for no reason as just one of those traits was horrible to have...Yet, he was collecting them like Pokemon cards.

Those traits made Lord Shiva impossible to predict, which was the reason why Lady Sphinx'nose traits make Lora Shiva impossible to predict, which was the reason why Lady Sphinx and the others were fully prepared to erase his wisp of consciousness the instant he harbored ill intentions toward Felix.

"Let's hope for the best..."

After a few more gruesome minutes, the pain finally went away once and for all, allowing Felix to take a breather.

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix swiftly entered his consciousness space, not bothering to even clean his sweat.

"Did he get awakened?" He asked with a serious expression as he looked around him.

"Yes, I can feel his presence." Lady Sphinx anwsered.

"Good." Felix sighed in relief.

He knew that it was unlikely that Lord Shiva's soul would be as strong as Elder Kraken's.

Still, he was always worried that he might not get awakened and that he would be required to seek out another bloodline bottle from King Mahit.

He knew that wasn't going to end on a peaceful note.

"What a lovely gathering you have here..."

Lord Shiva didn't make them wait for long as he took form near the circular table, where everyone was sitting.

Felix had already seen Lord Shiva's imposing form through his master's memories, but he was still overwhelmed when he appeared right in front of him.

He was dwarfed by Lord Shiva, who was almost nine meters tall...He was exuding a natural aura of strength and knowledge that was both inspiring and humbling.

With his matted hair cascading down his back like a river of black silk, Lord Shiva had an unusual aspect.

His wild appearance was given a peaceful undertone by the flower garlands in his hair. His skin was gray in color and cracked, signifying his ties to the destruction element. His face was chiseled and stern, with a sharp jawline and high cheekbones that gave him an air of regal authority.

On his forehead, the Lord was shown to have a pitch-black third eye that seemed to absorb even the smallest particle of light.

It was the only one open as his other eyes seemed closed in a state of intense meditation. Bangles and bracelets graced Lord Shiva's four arms, giving his gruff appearance a hint of elegance.

"It's an honor to meet you again, Lord Shiva."

All of the primogenitors bowed their heads respectfully even when Lord Shiva had intentions to bring destruction upon the entire universe.

“If only I could say the same...Looks like I failed." Lord Shiva exhaled with a tint of disappointment while rubbing his closed-shut eyes.

The primogenitors' eyelids twitched as they discerned that Lord Shiva was annoyed by their existence.

Meanwhile, Felix couldn't help but frown a little in confusion, 'Didn't he get killed by the elemental lords? How can he not know that he failed before he died? It shouldn't come as a surprise.'

'There is clearly more to the story than we know.' Asna was just as baffled.

"You were brought from the realm of death and you still have such a burning fury to end it all." Thor said with a displeased tone, "Lord, have you really just gone mad?"

"Gone mad?"

Lord Shiva showed a hollow smile as he decreased his size until he matched everyone...Then, he took a seat with them at the table.

"I am not mad, I'm just enlightened."

"Enlightened?" Jormungandr narrowed his eyes, "Your actions have resulted in the erasure of more than 20% of the observable universe. Millions of galaxies were gone and everyone on it wasn't even given the chance to visit the spirit realm due to your ultimate ability. How can you say that you haven't gone mad with a straight face?!"

Jormungandr rarely got riled up, but this time, he really wanted to punch Lord Shiva in the face!

"20%? That's indeed an unfortunate situation..."

Lord Shiva seemed somewhat remorseful, "But, if I wasn't interrupted by those traitors, the entire universe would have been deleted and everyone would have received a fair equal ending."

'Traitors? 20% of the universe is gone? What the hell is he talking about?' Felix's doubts kept multiplying in his mind as this conversation wasn't making any sense to him.

To make it worse, he couldn't really intervene and request for them to explain the context as it was clearly a sensitive subject for everyone involved.

Unbeknownst to him, even his masters were confused by the term traitors being used on the elemental lords.

“Who are you calling a traitor?"

Abruptly, Lord Khaos joined the discussion with his usual expressionless cosmic form.

"I thought I smelled the presence of a rat” Lord Shiva's entire demeanor changed to hostile the moment he spotted Lord Khaos.

The atmosphere got madly intense as those two were legit lords and they seemed to have no issues clashing with each other.

This was what scared Felix as he knew that if they fought here, his consciousness would crumble immediately.

"Can we take a step back and restart again? Here, smoke this and it will relax you immediately."

Carbuncle attempted to bring some peace by offering both of them his favorite rolled-up joints.

Both of them ignored his existence and continued staring at each other.

"We had the perfect plan to teach those f*ckers a lesson and ruin their game. When it was time to implement it, all of you had cold feet and turned against me." Lord Shiva sneered, "Isn't that the perfect description of a traitor?"

"You really wanna do this here?" Lord Khaos uttered as he glanced at everyone's perplexed expressions.

"Do I look like I care anymore about hiding the truth?" Lord Shiva scoffed, "I should have told everyone about their precious reality, at least, I wouldn't have been alone when you backstabbed me."

"Lord Khoas, Lord Shiva, can you tell us what really happened back there?" Lady Sphinx requested with a cold expression...If there was one thing she hated the most, it would definitely be lied to.

She had no issues if one didn't want to involve her with the truth, but just not lie about it as she knew that lies were the absolute ban to knowledge.

From her reaction, it was clear that her truth vision wasn't good enough to detect lies from the truth at that period of time.

"I don't know what those traitors have told you after my death, but it's best to see for yourselves:' Lord Shiva warned, "Just know one thing, your quest of finding your meaning in life will end after this.”