Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1272 Truth in Lies, Lies in Truth? Who to Believe? II

•

This statement shocked Felix to the core, don't even mention the primogenitors, who spent billions of years seeking their purpose of existence!.

Most of them even considered committing suicide due to the dullness of their lives and the lack of any meaning or substance to it. It was that bad.

“Are you being serious?" Thor asked with a stern tone.

Lord Shiva ignored his question and asked, “Have you ever wondered why almost all the elemental lords never showed any signs of depression even when they lived much longer than you? Or most importantly, how they never bothered to create descendants or interact with the universe in the same manner as you?"

Jormungandr and the others knitted their eyebrows at his questions...This wasn't the first time they wondered about those matters as it was apparent that ' - always be behaving differently than the rest.

In the case of depression, they believed that they possessed a much better mental fortitude than them since there weren't any other explanations.

On another note, all the elemental lords didn't have descendants since they believed that it would be bad for the balance of the universe for more people to have their kind of powers.

At least, that's what Thor and the others were being told...But now, it seemed like there was a much deeper reasoning behind all of this.

Lady Sphinx was the first to figure it out. “They knew about the purpose of our existence and they hid.” She stated with an icy tone.

Lady Sphinx wasn't easily angered, but this really had gotten on her nerves. She shared most of the important knowledge that she found on her own with everyone.

She believed that sharing knowledge with others would make them return the favor if they ever found something interesting and she didn't know about it.

Hiding the purpose of their existence was a hundred times worse than this as it was a subject that affected all primogenitors together!

Jormungandr, Thor, Carbnucle, Fenrir, and Elder Kraken all turned simultaneously with cold displeased expressions toward Lord Khoas.

"Is she right?"

"Yes:' Lord Khoas didn't bother to hide it any longer when the situation had gotten this far.

"HOW DARE YOU!! HOW F*CKING DARE YOU!"

Jormungandr and Thor roared furiously as they slammed the table, shattering it instantly!

Felix swiftly took Asna and teleported away to safety as the two visible pressuring murderous auras surged akin to slumbering dragons.

'Masters..?

This was the first time Felix saw both of his masters losing their cool like this. Honestly, he was also peeved in their place even when this didn't affect him like them.

After all, his masters had ended their lives because their quest to find their meaning ended up in failure. God knows how much they tried and how much time and effort they wasted on this eternal dilemma.

Yet, here they were, hearing that the elemental lords already knew about the primogenitors' purpose in life way before they offed themselves. This meant their deaths were absolutely for nothing…

"Lord Khaos...Sigh, this is really disappointing of you:'

Elder Kraken, Carbuncle, and Fenrir's reactions weren't as explosive as those two, but they were clearly just as unhappy about it.

‘You will understand why we hid it...I am certain that you will do the same:' Lord Khoas replied expressionlessly, seemingly unaffected by their reactions.

"That's not happening." Lady Sphinx said coldly, "Such information should be in the hands of every primogenitor whether it was good or bad. We are not children that need to be protected."

'I guess she still sees me as a child.' Felix's eyelids twitched at the sound of that.

He might not understand the whole picture here, but he was sure that the version of the story about Lord Shiva's failed attempt to destroy the universe wasn't real.

Clearly, the version that his masters knew about was also not real, which was somewhat of a consolation to him.

"We will see about that."ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Lord Khoas went silent and waited for Lord Shiva to expose everything. Lord Shiva didn't hold back in the slightest as he displayed a mirror of his own memories.

Everyone glued their eyes to the mirror as one of the biggest secrets in the universe was finally going to be exposed.

A long, long, time ago, during the early days of the primogenitors' Era…

Lord Shiva could be seen sitting on a carpeted floor with his legs half crossed, exuding a relaxed and easy-going air.

Lord Loki, Lord Zurvan, Lord Osiris, Lord Khoas, and Lord Quetzalcoatl were seen spread out on other carpets as well.

They were inside a large desert tent that was adorned with brightly colored tapestries and decorative tassels that swayed gently in the breeze.

The walls were lined with intricate carpets and cushions, and a small fire burned in the center of the room, casting flickering shadows across the walls.

The furnishings were simple but elegant, with low wooden tables and woven mats for seating.

"You really found no other place than this to set the meeting? I knew it was a bad idea to let this idiot decide." Lord Shiva scolded as he eyed Lord Loki, who had a completely different

Appearance.

This time he took the form of a white lizardman with three scaled tails and a toothless mouth.

"I thought you guys would enjoy the fresh air. Lord Loki shrugged, "Why am I being cursed? That stuck-up prick is the one leaving us waiting for hours here for him."

He was clearly addressing the creation primogenitor as he was the only elemental lord missing.

At this point in time, not everyone had the elemental lord title as the majority didn't manage to master their domains this early in the primogenitors' Era.

They were hanging with each other not because they were elemental lords, but simply because they were the first primogenitors to exist, making them consider each other as close peers.

"We should start without him." Lord Zurvan smiled kindly, "He isn't coming any time soon."

"You should have said so sooner." Lord Quetzalcoatl yawned as he opened his eyes lazily.

"Fine" Lord Shiva fixed his posture and said with a solemn tone, "I did it."

"You did it? Congratulations I guess, it's about time one of you lost your virginities." Lord Loki clapped slowly with an innocent smile.

Lord Shiva gave him one glare and Lord Loki stopped messing around instantly after realizing what he really meant.

"You actually met them?! How?!" Lord Quetzalcoatl asked with a startled look.

"I just kept bugging them until they allowed me to enter their Eternal Kingdom." Lord Shiva answered, "I honestly didn't think it would even work and I was just annoying them due to boredom."

The moment Asna heard the term, Eternal Kingdom, she felt shivers course down her spine

as it was the home of none other than those beings.

The beings who ruined her life before it even started without any explanation!

'You good?' Felix asked as he tightened his grasp on her hand.

'It's nothing!' Asna smiled, 'Let's keep watching.'

Felix knew that something was up with her, but he put it to rest for now as he didn't want to lose focus on the elemental lords' discussion.

"So, what did you see? What did they look like? Did you ask them about us?!" Lord Loki fired a series of questions with a tone of utmost eagerness.

"I couldn't see sh*t...All of my visions were blinded, even my wisdom eye." Lord Shiva

narrowed his eyes coldly, "But they did speak to me alright."

"What did they say?" Lord Osiris asked with a stoned look.

"They answered my question before I can ask it. I don't know if they just said this to mess with me or it was the truth, but they told me about our purpose and creator."

Lord Shiva took a deep breath and then quoted with a suppressed tone, "We have created you for the sole purpose of our amusement...Nothing more, nothing less."