1273 Truth in Lies, Lies in Truth? Who to Believe? III

Whether it was the elemental lords in the mirror or the tenants, none of them uttered a single word after hearing his quote.

They just looked at each other with stunned expressions, seemingly unable to believe what their ears had just heard.

Lord Shiva paused the memories and remained silent, knowing that this sort of news wasn't easy to accept in the slightest for anyone.

As he expected, everyone went straight into the denial stage.

"This can't be real... They must have said so to mess with you. It can't be real... It can't." Thor spoke with a slight tremor in his voice, trying his very best to keep his agitation from showing out.

His partners might have remained quiet, but all of them shared the same attitude as him.

It was just impossible for them to accept that their purpose in life was for the sake of those

beings' entertainment.

They never wished for their purpose to be a noble one, but they would rather believe that they were born purposeless than this!

Who could blame them? Earthlings used to live for less than a hundred years and yet most of them spend their lives contemplating the purpose of their lives.

Most believe that religion is the final answer and some believe that they were created out of coincidence.

Even those people would not take it too kindly if they knew that they were mere clowns born to entertain higher powers.

Primogenitors lived billions of years questioning their existence since they were considered the first intelligent creatures born in the universe from already existing species.

Anyone would assume that they were special and born to serve a noble purpose even when the universe seemed to have given them absolutely no duties to carry on.

So, to find out that their entire lives and struggles were for some beings' entertainment was literally the worst possible outcome...

"This was our reaction too." Lord Shiva shook his head as he played his memories again, showing the elemental lords' reaction.

"Are you messing with us?" Lord Loki's expression turned cold all of a sudden, "Is this your way of retaliation for my pranks?"

"Do you see me smiling?" Lord Shiva replied calmly.

"This...But, argh! This just can't be the truth! Those bastards must have said that to f*ck with you for annoying them continuously!" Lord Quetzalcoatl uttered with a distressed tone.

"I thought so the same when I first heard it. I even cursed them off before retreating. But, the more I thought about it, the more it made the most sense to me."

Lord Shiva smiled wryly as he explained, "We already had a strong hunch that we are related heavily to those beings due to the three celestial divine languages being written on us. If we were born as primogenitors straight away. I wouldn't have spent even a second entertaining the thought that those bastards have created us...But, we weren't."

Felix noticed that the elemental lords and even the tenants' expressions turn for the worst at the sound of that.

He might not understand everything, but with the type of information he had, he was able to recognize that those beings were the ones bestowing those gifts upon the primogenitors!

Hence the term 'create' instead of 'birth' was present during the quote!

"As our creators, I just couldn't find a logical way for them to lie to me."

Lord Shiva closed his eyes shut as he said one last time, "For we know deep down that we find it beneath us to lie to mortals."

Silence engulfed the tent and the consciousness space yet again.

This time, no one seemed to be in denial anymore as Felix could feel the atmosphere turning more intense with each second passing.

It was like a collection of volcanoes on the verge of eruption being suppressed.

In the blink of an eye, Thor was the first to allow his burning rage burst out of him as he cursed thunderously, "MOTHERF*CKERS!!"

His drunken playful attitude was nowhere to be seen as his reddened face was twisted in

absolute fury.

"They have been treating us like f*cking clowns!" Even the chill Carbuncle found it impossible to stifle his rage.

He just couldn't imagine having every experience in his rich life being watched and judged for someone else's enjoyment.

It was far worse than the champion's games in the SG Alliance as the primogenitors at least told their champions the entire truth and left them to decide whether to take part or not.

But the primogenitors had no choice whatsoever. They were given gifts from nowhere and left to live their lives as they pleased without knowing that each decision made by them was observed.

"That's why we were given the freedom to do as we please without consequences, unlike the Unigins. We are not natural products..." Fenrir said as he tightened his fists until his claws penetrated his palms.

The universe sought a natural balance in its system and it did everything in its power to keep it from breaking.

The primogenitors' existence could be said to be the only thing that broke this perfect balance as they were extraordinarily strong and had no leashes to keep them in check.

Unigins were punished each time they abuse their powers. Dragons were immensely strong but their reproduction wasn't great.

The hive race had both reproduction and strength, but their longevity was too short.

Every single race in this universe, whether they belonged to the primogenitors' family tree or not, was subjected to the balancing of the universe.

Only the primogenitors seemed to have godly powers that could literally bring ends to the universe and yet nothing to hold them back.

This kind of unquestionable freedom was an obvious clue of their unnatural creation as the universe would never give birth to such beings without proper breaks…

"I need a breather." Lady Sphinx stood up from her chair and walked away while massaging her closed-shut eyes.

She neither screamed nor cursed like the others, but her slightly lowered head spoke volumes

about how much damage this news had done to her.

Lady Sphinx rarely felt depressed about her meaning of existence since her mind was already occupied with the universe's secrets.

In her eyes, there was just too much to discover to bother moaning about why she was born like the others...But, this didn't mean that he never cared about this.

Now that she found out the truth, it wasn't farfetched to say that it broke her heart…

'Masters...' Felix could only watch his masters with a pained expression, having no idea what to say or do to comfort either of them.

This was just way above his league as nothing he said could make any difference...His masters had already lived their entire lives and some of them even killed themselves because of this damning question.

Now that they finally had gotten it, it sure did more damage than relieving them and completing their lives.

Lord Khoas waited until Lady Sphinx returned to the table and everyone to release some of their anger before asking them, "So, you still want to share this with the others?"

Everyone turned to glare at him but no one responded to his question... They finally realized

that the elemental lords made the right decision.

It wasn't because none of them were capable of handling it.

They just felt that it would be much better to be ignorant than to figure out that they were living in a clown world and were the clowns in it.

This was the reaction of dead primogenitors, one could only imagine what would become of the universe if all the primogenitors learned about this…

As for finding out about it billions of years ago? It was actually much worse as it would completely ruin their lives.

"I understand why you sought to erase the universe. When you realize that you are nothing but a pawn on a chessboard, you get presented with three choices...Remain a pawn, ditch the chessboard, or..."

Elder Kraken eyed Lord Shiva as he uttered, "Flip the board and ruin the game for the players."

"Me? Heh, I know that I am seen as a menace by most of you, but even I didn't think about such an insane idea." Lord Shiva chuckled as he noticed everyone's startled looks.

"Whose idea was it?"

"Keep watching." Lord Shiva unpaused his memories and speed up the rest of the elemental lords' reaction to the news.

When it seemed like the atmosphere was cooled down, he slowed the memories and showed the elemental lords to be in the middle of a serious telepathic discussion.

'How can we continue living after this? Anything we do is for naught. What's the point of even living anymore?' Lord Quetzalcoatl seemed to have lost his upbeat lively attitude.

As the life primogenitor, it was really discouraging to see him talking about offing

himself. But, it really seemed to everyone that their lives were doomed.

If they decided to hang around, they would do so while knowing that all of their experiences were for someone else's enjoyment...Their pride made it almost impossible for them to accept such a reality.

'Even telling Lord Shiva about our reality is a move from them to spectate our reaction.' Lord Osiris stated expressionlessly, 'They don't care about what we do next as long as it is entertaining.'

'How about we tell everyone about this and end our lives and descendants' lives at the same time? Let's see how fun it will be if the entire universe was turned into a deserted graveyard.'

Lord Loki suggested with no chill whatsoever.

'That seems too extreme, but I love it.' Lord Shiva smiled coldly. It was clear that the rest of the elemental lords seem to be on the same page about this plan.

Elder Kraken said that there were three choices, but in the eyes of the elemental lords, there was only one choice and that was flipping the board!

As for their death and massacring trillions of? They didn't give a sh*t as they knew that all primogenitors would take a part in their plan and have no issues in killing their own descendants.

In their eyes, they brought them to this universe and they had the authority to get them out of it.

However, just as they seemed to start ironing out the details of this plan, Lord Zurvan said with the same kind smile, 'It's not enough...They will just send out the same gifts yet again to other species and restart the game from scratch.'

'You're right...Sh*t.'Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

'Sigh, I can see that happening.'

'I think we should still go for it.' Lord Shiva asserted, 'It won't be perfect but it will cause them to wait billions of years again before they reach this point.'

'You think they have issues with time?' Lord Zurvan shook his head, 'Even trillions of years means nothing to them.'

"Then, we do nothing?' Lord Loki seemed irritated by this hopeless situation...More than five elemental lords allying against one problem and they still couldn't fix it.

'You guys aren't really flipping the board, you are just removing the pieces from it and they can always put them back on.' With a wide warm kind smile, Lord Zurvan proposed, 'The only way to truly destroy the board is if we destroy the entire universe as we know it.'