Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1274 Truth in Lies, Lies in Truth? Who to Believe? IV

Author Disclaimer: My apologies for not releasing chapters yesterday, my best friend's brother has gotten himself into a horrible motorcycle incident and I had to be there for him. There will be a double release today and tomorrow to make up for yesterday...Thank you for your understanding.

PS: Please drive safely.

"Lord Zurvan?!"

Felix exclaimed in shock after finding out that the respected and seemingly kind Lord Zurvan was the one who sought the destruction of the universe!

His reaction was shared with most tenants as no one saw this coming. 'Zurvy, I don't believe it for a second that you have become this savage to propose such an insane idea.’

Lord Loki narrowed his eyes. 'Spill it, you must have seen something in the future, right?'

The elemental lords clearly couldn't buy it either as they knew that Lord Zurvan rarely proposed anything as he was just like a boat in an ocean, going with the flow wherever it took him.

Lord Zurvan merely smiled at the judging eyes of his peers and remained quiet, making them understand that he wouldn't be sharing anything with them.

They knew that he had a frightening future vision that enabled him to see through even millions of years ahead of time as long as he remained as a mere spectator.

The moment he shared his information or tried to alter the future, his memories would be erased of everything that he had seen as a new future would be taking shape.

Seeing that grilling Lord Zurvan for information was as useless as always, Lord Loki could only click his tongue and drop the subject.

'Universal destruction...How can we even pull it off?' Lord Osiris shook his head, 'It just seems impossible even if all primogenitors combined their strength!'

Lord Osiris understood that even Unigins would struggle with pulling this off as the universe's size was just too unfathomable.

'Since Lord Zurvan suggested this, it only means there is a way to make it happen.'

Lord Shiva looked at Lord Zurvan and asked, 'So?'

Before Lord Zurvan could answer, Lord Shiva skipped the entire conversation while talking to the tenants, 'It's best to show you straight away what we talked about!'

A second later, the mirror was showing the same gathering of members with the addition of Lord Dune and the creation primogenitor.

They were gathered in the vacuum of space in the middle of nowhere.

The creation primogenitor seemed to be glowing with a white angelic light. Still, his features were distinguishable.

He was a towering figure, standing over ten meters tall, with broad shoulders and a muscular build.

He wore a suit of golden armor that glimmered in the far distant light of stars, adorned with intricate patterns and symbols that spoke of his power and authority.

A red cape hung from his shoulders, affixed in the vacuum of space.

His face was stern and resolute, with a thick brown beard and piercing eyes that seemed to gaze into the soul of whoever he looked upon.

His hair was long and braided, falling in golden strands around his shoulders. He had four sets of green feathery wings on his back, which made him seem even more deity- like than the rest.

'Is everyone ready?' Lord Shiva inquired.

'Let's begin.' Lord Khaos said expressionlessly as he opened a massive void rift in front of them.

As the creation primogenitor, he could create anything that existed in this universe, whether it was physical, energy-based, or spiritual!

When Lord Dune noticed that Lord Shiva had closed his eyes shut and began absorbing somewhat of an invisible black aura from his descendants, he teleported everyone away but Lord Marduk and the descendants.

Since everyone was watching from Lord Shiva's point of view, they had no idea where they went.

"We had to retreat to safety as Lord Shiva was going to cast his ultimate ability and no one is safe from it but his descendants and creation primogenitor." Lord Khaos clarified calmly.

"Why creation primogenitor is safe from it?" Candace murmured to herself, not expecting that Lord Khaos would bother himself to answer it.

"Because he can create destruction immunity on himself."

'Seriously?' Felix was left dazed at his answer.

Each time he hear about the creation primogenitor, he got more convinced that he was really the closest to being considered a true god in this universe.

The fact that he could create even immunities and mostly likely abilities of other elements made him truly an omnipotent being capable of doing everything and anything.

Abruptly, Lord Shiva's body seemed to be shaking like it was about to explode.

His skin cracks were turning brighter and brighter until his entire body disappeared under a halo of blinding light.

Then, he uttered with a flat tone in his mind, 'Totality Collapse!

The moment those two words echoed in his mind, the blinding light went off instantly and what came after it was long invisible cracks seemingly spreading from Lord Shiva as the source.

Those cracks were causing the vacuum of space to collapse at a noticeable speed as all of the invisible forces, energies, matters, and concepts were getting erased in the process!

If even gravity, dark matter, space, and time, weren't able to stop those cracks, there was no need to mention what would happen to planets, stars, meteors, and other cosmic entities!!DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Totality Collapse, one of the most frightening ultimate abilities a primogenitor could even create' Fenrir spoke with a solemn tone.

Even though Felix didn't hear about its details, he already figured out the simplicity of this ability.

'Total destruction...The last and most powerful type of destruction element.' Felix murmured.

Felix possessed abilities with normal destruction, construction, and even concept destruction, but not a single ability was capable of wiping out literally everything.

Unbeknownst to Felix and the tenants, the other elemental lords were having their own conversation.

'How is it looking?' Lord Osiris asked Lord Zurvan. Lord Loki and the others looked at Lord Zurvan with serious expressions, knowing that his answer would decide their fate.

'Sorry guys, it's still not enough.' Lord Zurvan shook his head with an apologetic look.

'Sh*t...How much?' Lord Quetzalcoatl inquired.

'35% give or take?'

'That's really too low.' Lord Dune frowned, 'Is there really no other future?'

'Unfortunately no.' Knowing that Lord Zurvan had no reason to lie to them, the elemental lords could only sigh in disappointment at the notion that their plan was bound to fail.

They knew that Lord Zurvan's future sight was affected by him telling others about it but in this case? There wasn't much to be affected by the future since there were only two endings.

Universal destruction and everyone died in it or partial destruction and they were still alive in it.

'I guess we should pull the plug.' Lord Quetzalcoatl stated, 'It's not worth it or fair to bring destruction upon a portion of the universe, killing everyone in it, and leaving the others untouched.'

The elemental lords might not care about the lives of their subjects, but they weren't mindless slaughters.

In their eyes, the destruction of the whole universe wasn't a fair fate for everyone but it was just as no one would be getting a different result...even them.

But, destroying merely a portion of the universe would neither bother those beings nor solve the primogenitors' issue.

'Lord Shiva, you can stop...It won't be enough to finish everything.' Lord Osiris used the death string connecting them to send the bad news.

Lord Shiva went quiet for a moment before asking with an icy tone, 'Not enough? How much.'

'35%. This number made Lord Shiva's expression turn for the worst.

'I can't...I can't stop, I have invested everything and those f*ckers watched me put my blood and sweat for hundreds of millions of years into this plan.'

Lord Shiva's tone got angrier and colder at the same time, 'I can't stop!'

While the other elemental lords barely invested a thing into this plan, Lord Shiva spent hundreds of millions of years mastering this godly ultimate ability.

In addition, he worked his ass off to create as many offspring as possible for the sake of creating an army of his descendants.

He did all of this while knowing that he was being watched as a mere clown by those beings. Now, he was being told that he needed to stop?

He could already imagine himself being turned into a laughingstock before those beings, who should have already anticipated this ending and still watched him make a fool of himself!

'Lord Shiva, what are you doing? We told you to stop' Lord Osiris hardened his tone.

'I told you, there is no way that's happening!' Lord Shiva said coldly, 'I am going through this even if it meant blowing off my soul to accelerate the process.