Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1275 Truth in Lies, Lies in Truth? Who to Believe? V (The End)

'Lord Marduk cut off his energy supply! Lord Osiris requested after updating him on the situation.

Lord Marduk did as he was told, making Lord Shiva get even angrier. 'Even you?'

'We can always get new ideas to deal with them.' Lord Marduk said calmly, 'This isn't the solution.'

'Isn't the solution?! It's the only f*king solution! We can't even touch them if they didn't allow us!' Lord Shiva yelled, 'So, are you in or not?!'

Lord Marduk shook his head and pulled away from Lord Shiva. He neither tried to stop him nor help him, he just let him be.

'Bunch of cowards! I will do it by myself then!' Without an ounce of hesitation, Lord Shiva began absorbing everything there was to be gained from his descendants to boost his ultimate ability.

Before he was planning to just absorb bloodline force as his ultimate ability was too strong it required more than just elemental energy to fuel it.

However, the best thing about it was the fact that it just needed a strong jumpstart and the cracks would continue expanding across the entire universe on their own even if he wasn't alive!

They would be getting their source of energy from everything destroyed in their path!

This was the key to destroying the universe as it would be impossible otherwise when there were millions of light years of distance between galaxies.

Before the elemental lords could even try to talk some sense into him, Lord Shiva warned Lord Osiris and Lord Marduk, 'It's best that you guys stay as far as possible from me. Even your destruction immunity won't save you from what's coming!'

Lord Shiva made them realize that he was hellbent on getting his way after noticing that his soul was getting more chaotic!

'He is really planning to blow his soul to feed his ability!' Lord Quetzalcoatl exclaimed, 'I knew that trusting this lunatic with this was a bad idea!'

'Let's leave.' Lord Osiris said expressionlessly, 'He has made up his mind and there is nothing we can do to stop him.'

They knew that not a single ability used by them could affect Lord Shiva as those cracks would eat away anything they throw at him.

Since Lord Shiva was already on the countdown to blow out his soul, even Lord Marduk would be at risk due to soul implosion affecting not just the physical world but also the spiritual world!

'Just this time...Please be wrong!' With this last wishful thought appearing in Lord Shiva's mind, the mirror showed nothing but a black screen.

Lord Shiva was neither fought nor killed by the elemental lords as it was narrated...His life ended at his own hands in possibly the most selfish and unhinged manner.

“...”

While all of this seemed like a lucid crazy dream, Felix was certain that it was nothing but the truth...The Final Truth.

The eternal Great Void was the evidence left behind to support it...Even an idiot would have connected the dots and realized that the mysterious existence of the Great Void could be explained only by this event.

"You really are something else..."

"Here I thought you deserve the benefits of the doubt." Lord Shiva could be said to have made himself the villain again in the eyes of Felix and the rest of the tenants after his story ended.

It was a wild ride that served nothing but to tell the real truth and not help Lord Shiva look good in the slightest.

All of their judging eyes made him look back at them with the same cold look from the

Memories.

"I have no intentions of seeking forgiveness. If I was put in the same situation, I would still do the same even if there was merely 0.00001% of the entire universe collapsing."

"You are really a madman." Asna cursed without an ounce of fear.

As one who harbored the most hatred for those beings, she would have supported Lord Shiva's decision if it actually harmed them.

But, to be told that it was going to fail and still go for it even knowing that it would do nothing but harm mortals, she could never go this far.

"Call me crazy, a lunatic, a madman, unhinged, I have heard them all." Lord Shiva sneered, "But at least I have the guts to attempt to rescue everyone from this clown world and offered my own life to make it happen."

"If those bastards stuck with the plan and even used soul implosions as well, we might have had a much bigger chance to cover at least 65% of the universe." ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Lord Shiva glared at Lord Khoas, "The speed of totality collapse might slow down drastically after that, but there is hope that it won't run out of fuel until it cover at least 90% of the universe."

"These are mere baseless speculation and you know it. You want us to ignore a decided future for the sake of one last mad attempt that is definitely not going to work." Lord Khaos shot it down immediately.

"A future told by Lord Zurvan who we have no f*cking clue what is on his mind." Lord Shiva scoffed, "For all we know, all of this is the future that he desired and we are nothing but cogs in his machine."

"Maybe."

Lord Khoas didn't jump to defend Lord Zurvan instantly as he always had his own doubts too. It was just foolish to completely trust the words of someone capable of seeing so far into the future as it was just impossible to figure out his end game.

"But still, I trust that he is on our side."

Not knowing his end game was one thing and not trusting him to be on their side was another.

So, even when Lord Zurvan wasn't fully trustworthy by his peers, they knew that he would never be on the side of those beings.

"Enough of this finger-blaming already...You are making yourselves look bad." Lady Sphinx interjected with an emotionless tone, "What's done is done."

"Fortunately, you guys have chosen the least populated area to start the universal collapse, so not many casualties resulted in Lord Shiva going rogue." Thor mentioned to calm the atmosphere a little.

Don't be mistaken, 20% more or less of the universe getting deleted had caused the death of hundreds of trillions of lives whether intelligent or non-intelligent.

But still, it would have been nowhere close if they went for it in a populated zone.

"I assume you decided to imprison what remained of Lord Shiva's descendants as scapegoats to calm our anger." Elder Kraken informed.

"My descendants as scapegoats?"

Lord Shiva didn't seem too pleased with this kind of information...But at the same time, he understood that the elemental lords had to punish his descendants to sell the story that he went mad with his descendants and this was all of their doing.

If they didn't go this far, questions would be asked that none of them were ready to answer yet.

"I don't care if you will be forced to alter your story, I want my descendants freed right this instant." Lord Shiva demanded.

"Take it up with Lord Marduk."

Not bothering to entertain him any longer, Lord Khaos took off from the meeting and returned to his slumber.

He didn't even bother to request Lady Sphinx and the others to keep the information to themselves.

In his eyes, there were already too many people knowing about this and he had no plans to waste his time monitoring each one to keep it from leaking out.

After his departure, Felix was left staring at Lord Shiva with a complex look. His emotions were really shambled as he had no idea what to think anymore about the situation.

He picked and awakened Lord Shiva for his elemental manipulation even though he knew that he was crazy enough to destroy the universe.

But after finding out that the madman actually pulled it off and wiped out more than 20% of it, he felt like getting his elemental manipulation was the same as taking a bloody knife from a murderer.

Felix also caused billions of lives to be lost indirectly to him, but this was vastly different than going the extra distance to destroy the universe even when he knew that it wasn't going to work.

"What are you looking at?" Lord Shiva stared back at him expressionlessly, "Having doubts on whether it is worth sacrificing your morals for the sake of my elemental manipulation?"

"I..."

"Is this your hope to deal with those beings??" Lord Shiva sneered as he teleported away from the table, "What a bunch of soft amateurs."