1276 Stealing Elder Dragon's Royal Gemstone!

It was clear to all that Lord Shiva had gone through Felix's memories while he was showing them his own to understand his reason for being here.

Obviously, he didn't see everything but only the key points related to him.

"Leave him be. Don't take his words to heart. Just because he doesn't use his brain and act as unhinged as he wanted, he expects everyone to be the same." Thor said with an irritated tone.

"Mmmm." Felix nodded in understanding as he kept looking at Lord Shiva's empty chair.

He already knew that getting his elemental manipulation wasn't going to be easy, but he didn't expect it would get this complex.

While both of them seemed to have the same goal, it was clear that Lord Shiva saw no hope in Felix to actually deal with those beings.

Still, this didn't change anything as Felix already knew that he was nowhere near touching those beings.

'I guess I have to prove to him that I deserve his elemental manipulation.'

Felix hadn't even completely accepted Lord Shiva as the news about his genocide was still raw in his mind.

Who knows, he might never accept it as he wasn't as indifferent and cold-blooded to life as primogenitors.

But, for the sake of his goals, Felix wasn't planning on letting this or anything stop him. 'I will get my revenge even if I had to hold hands with the devil himself.' Felix remarked coldly.

A week later…

The situation seemed to have cooled down a bit in the consciousness space as the tenants returned to their daily routines...Though, it was obvious that the primogenitors' mood was still down the gutter.

To not affect her other clones' projects, Lady Sphinx kept the heartbreaking news about her existence on this clone alone.

As for Thor and Jörmungandr? They seemed less reactive and always had deep frowns on their faces as they played chess together nonstop.

Meanwhile, Lord Shiva could be seen chilling with Carbuncle as they smoked cigars and drank alcohol while floating softly on the peaceful consciousness ocean.

Carbuncle was already in depressive mode due to his wife not being with him and was used to numbing it down with those substances...So, this wasn't a new experience for him.

"The atmosphere here is really depressing.' Asna commentated as she sat next to Felix and watched those respected elders resemble walking zombies.

'They just need time and they will eventually adapt to their reality! Felix replied, "They

might never accept it, but they will continue living!'

'True. Asna nodded, 'I guess they have decided to keep the information to themselves.'

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

'As they should.' Felix knitted his eyebrows,

'Most of the primogenitors are passing their time with the games to get some entertainment. If they ever heard of their f*cked up purpose for existence, some of them will most definitely uproot the entire alliance to vent their anger!'

Felix was all for keeping this kind of damaging information in the shadows. It would really be the biggest irony to have the SGAlliance destroyed the moment he took over its leadership.

'Well, you better get strong enough quick to protect it.' Asna warned, 'I doubt it will remain hidden forever!'

Even if Felix's masters didn't open their mouths, Lord Shiva possessed an AP Bracelet of his own and could access the UVR whenever he desired.

With his unpredictable personality, there was no telling if he would just group up all of his peers and lay the truth on them.

'That's why I'm making my move on Elder Dragon's royal gemstone much sooner than I planned' Felix responded as he switched his focus to his main consciousness.

He could be seen traveling through the void realm at an unprecedented speed towards Icarius Galaxy, the land of the dragons.

Felix planned on waiting a couple of months until Elder Dragon's death wasn't as impactful before making his move on his royal gemstone.

He believed that the royal clans would somewhat drop their guards on protecting it from thievery.

After all, none of them knew that Felix could consume royal gemstones, which translated to him having no need for them.

But now? He had no such luxury. After seven more days on the road, he finally reached the capital planet Zhuham and most specifically, the black dragon clan region.

He had placed a spy on Elder Dragon's royal gemstone and he was updating him with information about its location and the four clans' situation on a daily basis.

"The royal gemstone is kept under the black clan's protection temporarily due to the Elder Dragon belonging to the clan.

Felix thought to himself, 'But, no decision has been made yet on who to accept and absorb the royal gemstone.'

Based on his spy's Intel, the four dragon clans had decided that the new leader would be the one absorbing the royal gemstone as it would help him immensely in his progression.

Unsurprisingly, clan heads Ygos and Azesdirth had the biggest chance of becoming new leaders as they were considered the strongest in their race.

Since the dragons were in desperate need of a strong leader to keep them on a leash, the four clans had no intentions of doing another ceremony to pick from rising youngsters like Anastasia or Chozzus.

'It's been decided that Ygos, Azesdirth, and Bymid are going to be challenging each other two days later in public duels.'

Felix didn't know whether to laugh or feel bad for them at the thought that their reward would be taken by him while they were battling for it.

'Shall we start?' Candace asked after stopping above the royal gemstone. Felix was able to see it through Candace's consciousness link.

The purplish royal gemstone was perched on the pedestal above a polished wood that was positioned in the middle of a dimly lit room.

It was protected with a clear container that was tightly sealed to keep out dust, moisture, and would-be thieves.

The walls were crowded with shelves upon shelves of books, enigmatic antiques, and rare treasures, and the air was thick with the musty smell of old books and antiquated artifacts.

Multiple humanoid dragons were stationed at each corner of the chamber, keeping an eye out for any potential dangers...They seem extremely vigilant and ready to take action at any time despite the room being silent.

'We have to be quick and silent.' Felix spoke with Candace as he beamed an exact replica of Elder Dragon's royal gemstone. As a gemstone elementalist, it was extremely easy to create a perfect copy.

Since the royal gemstone was harvested from Elder Dragon while he was in his humanoid form, it was barely thirty centimeters long.

'I am ready when you are.' Candace said with a serious tone.

'Let's go!' Felix gave the order immediately after releasing a wave of green-colored flames from a scroll and pushed it inside a newly opened void rift, making it impossible for the guards to spot the rift!

"What the..." Just as the guards were about to react to this sudden assault, Felix swiftly manifested a massive concept destruction trident that engulfed the entire chamber.

This caused the guards to drop to the ground instantly akin to corpses after being touched by the concept destruction trident!

Not bothering to glance at them, Felix snapped his finger as he uttered in his mind, 'Spatial Displacement.'

A gray hexagon appeared above the fake gemstone and another one above the real royal gemstone.

In the blink of an eye, both gemstones switched their positions without needing Felix to even touch the glass!

Felix didn't take off after getting the royal gemstone as he wanted to completely erase his existence.

He flicked four spherical potions into the mouth of each guard and made them forcefully drink it...Those potent potions were capable of deleting the previous one minute of the target's memories without much of a side effect.

Then, he retracted the containers and uttered again in his mind, 'Construction Cube.'

The blue cube engulfed the entire room and reconstructed everything that was destroyed by Felix. In this case, it was nothing more than the guards' blood!

Felix had forced them into passing out instantly by cutting off the blood from their brains.

Since the entire operation's lifespan was less than a second, before their bodies could actually be in real danger, he reconstructed their bloodstream as before and took off without leaving behind me any trace!

In less than a minute, the four guards began waking up one after the other, feeling somewhat muddled like they had just taken a short nap.

"Did something happen?"

"I don't know..."

"Why do I feel like I am missing something?"

The guards looked at each for a mere second before their hearts skipped a beat...In a swift manner, they all switched their focus in the direction of the royal gemstone.

When they saw that it was there, their unsettling feeling somewhat went away...But as dragons, they trusted their instincts greatly.

So, even when the situation seemed normal and they had no memories of something 'bad' happening, they still decided to check their AP Bracelet recordings.

Look and behold…

The only thing that was recorded in the past minute was sudden green flames appearing from the ceiling before the screens went dark!

"What in the world.."