Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1277 No Evidence = No Case.

The guards gulped a mouthful in agitation after realizing that they had been attacked without a single memory of it happening.

"It must be those green f*ckers! We have to inform the clan head!"

Since the only clue in their possession was green flames, it made them jump straight into accusing their rivals, the green dragon clan.

"The royal gemstone is still here and the alarm hasn't been activated." One of the guards sighed in relief, "They must have retreated after realizing that they won't make it out of here alive."

The glass barrier might seem simple, but those guards knew that it could detect even the faintest touch.

The moment it was touched, it would release a clan-wide alarm, causing everyone to drop whatever they were doing and participate in a strict martial lockdown!

Only the clan head was capable of disabling the alarm as it was linked with Queen Ai and it accepted only his permission.

In addition, the royal gemstone would instantly get pulled into a different sealed shut area, making it impossible to reach it without spatial abilities.

So, the guards had to inform their clan head about this assault so he could allow them to check on the royal gemstone safely.

After the news made it to the clan head's office, it didn't take him even a couple of seconds before appearing inside the chamber with a cold expression.

"Move." He ordered with an icy tone as he walked towards the glass.

Without needing to even touch the gemstone, he knew immediately that it was a fake one as it wasn't releasing even the faintest of Elder Dragon's aura.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Instead of exploding into a raging tirade, he closed his eyes shut and took a deep breath. Then, he turned around to face the guards and ordered with a chilling look, "Tell me exactly what happened."

They narrated the details of the assault, which weren't much in the first place.

This caused clan head Ygos to get even more pissed off as there weren't many clues for them to work with.

"If it's really a green clan scum, find him this instant! He shouldn't have gone far." He ordered with a wave of his hand as he walked outside of the chamber.

While the black dragons were seen flying around the palace with stone-cold expressions, trying to find out the culprit, they had no clue that he was already millions of kilometers away.....

"I doubt that would have worked." Asna commented, "The black lizard isn't an idiot and if he confronted the green lizard, he is bound to find out that he has no relation to the robbery."

It was quite easy for the clan head Azesdirth to make an alibi for all of his people with Queen Ai's involvement...Plus, Queen Ai could back him off if he denied having any relation to the robbery even when Felix tried his best to put it on them.

"I know." Still, Felix didn't seem too bothered by this. He already discerned that it would be impossible to put the blame on the green clan.

'I used the green flames scrolls for one purpose. Felix shared calmly, 'When those clans heads figure out that I am the biggest suspect, I would be able to use the green flames in my favor!'

'I see...Cheeky.' Asna giggled after understanding his end game. Felix had left absolutely no proof behind that connected him to the robbery.

This meant if they came for him, they would be accusing him without a piece of evidence and to make matters worse for them, they would be doing it while they had proof that the green clan had a relation to the robbery!

Unless Felix confessed, they could do nothing to him but continue suspecting him without any result. As expected, after a day went by, Felix was urgently asked to join the ten rulers' assembly.

When he took his chair, he saw the four clan heads standing at the center with not-so-pleased expressions.

Only Kyrsun seemed to be somewhat matching his peers' energy instead of being actually pissed off.

This was understandable as he already accepted his fate of never touching either the leadership position or the royal gemstone.

So, he really didn't give a sh*t if Felix took it or not. "What's the emergency?" Felix asked with a stern tone, "I was forced to interrupt my training."

"As embarrassing as it sounds, Elder Dragon's royal gemstone has been stolen from us." Clan head Bymid shared.

"How can that be possible?" Felix acted surprised, "Who will even be daring enough to steal it?"

"That's what we are here to find." Clan head Ygos said with narrowed eyes.

"Since you came here, it only means that it wasn't an insider job." Queen Alfreda inquired, "Have you made a thorough investigation?"

"We left no corner untouched when it came to our people." Clan head Azesdirth answered as he took a side glance at Felix, "We are certain that it's an outsider job and we believe that the culprit had to be strong enough to handle four royal dragons in less than a second while simultaneously stealing the royal gemstone without touching it."

After he was done speaking, clan head Bymid showed a holographic scene of the royal gemstone chamber.

Then, he narrated what happened to the guards and all of the possible theories for the robbery to be carried out perfectly.

The most logical theory was considering a partnership between a space worm and a void nation citizen.

One had the strength to knock out the royal dragons in less than a second and the other was able to steal the royal gemstone.

When this theory was presented, everyone turned towards Felix as they were smart enough to realize that it was far more believable that he would have carried out the job alone.

"Accusing me? Interesting." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, "You have three seconds to confirm your accusation and present a piece of evidence. Otherwise, don't waste my time on such nonsense."

The ten rulers turned to look back at the clan heads with looks of anticipation, seemingly

wondering if they really had something against Felix.

Too bad, their expectations were high for nothing.

"King Maxwell, no one is accusing you of anything." Clan head Ygos said calmly, "We really believe that one of your void citizens must have gone rogue and hired a space worm to rob us. Elder Dragon's royal gemstone isn't just the dragons' heritage but also the alliance. We really hope that we can join forces to apprehend the culprit."

'So, that's their approach?' Felix chuckled in his mind.

While the clan heads and even the ten rulers had the biggest suspicion of Felix, no one dared to accuse him directly as his current position wasn't to be f*cked with.

It was the same as a citizen accusing his king of stealing his money right in front of him.

His authority was just too threatening for anyone to attempt messing with him without expecting bad consequences.

"I am still displeased with the fact that you are accusing my good people of such a hideous crime just because they were considered evil before. The worst part? Elder Dragon's royal gemstone is useless for my people as it can only be sold for money. My people lived for a hundred million years before you were even born... You think they care about money?"

Felix chided with a stern tone, "But still I will play along and use Queen Ai to investigate every one of them to give you peace of mind,"

"But, when the results come back and I'm proven right, I expect the four of you to send a written apology to all of my citizens...Are we clear?"

'Motherf*cker, of course, you will be this confident when you know that you are the culprit.'

'Bastard!'

'It's really him!'

Clan head Ygos and his peers got peeved but they didn't dare show it in the open.

The ten rulers were really useless in this matter as without evidence, they couldn't back them even if they wanted.

"Send me your response to my email, I have already wasted too much time on this."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix teleported away, leaving the three clan heads seething in anger within.

They would have been even more pissed off if they knew that Felix was rushing to continue devouring their precious Elder Dragon's royal gemstone!

'You really are a menace! Asna giggled as she watched her man absorbing the royal gemstone without an ounce of shame.