1279 Extra, Extra, Cautious.

As Felix was heading toward the central plaza, he had no idea that he was being watched by a werewolf in a guard's outfit.

This was none other than Manananggal, using his perfect control over blood to recreate the perfect disguise for his assassination!

He knew that if he used his appearance, Lord Khoas would have already busted him and gotten rid of him before he could even step foot in the city.

Meanwhile, Saurous and Wendigo were watching all of this through a consciousness link mirror as the real Manananggal was with them.

They had already crossed the great void and settled on the nearest planet to them to focus on carrying the mission first.

'This little sh*t is really something else. Saurous cursed after noticing that Felix was using a spatial ability to keep him in a different dimension.

'He hadn't reached this far without being extremely cautious of his safety. Wendigo narrowed his eyes.

'What's the move now? You can't use your blood abilities or even your spiritual pressure.

Saurous asked, knowing that being in a different dimension isolated Felix completely from them.

Manananggal could use his spiritual pressure, but its prowess would be lowered significantly before reaching Felix...By then, he might survive it.

'We wait, he has no idea that we are here, he is just being extra cautious and guarded.' Manananggal spoke calmly, 'The exploration trial here will take weeks if not more and he has to be here to supervise it personally!

'I guess this is really the only way left! Saurous agreed.

He knew that Felix's spatial spells needed fuel to sustain them.

Since the spatial imprisonment locked him in a different dimension, he wouldn't be able to absorb spatial elemental energy to recharge his tank.

This meant that he was bound to exit the dimensional lockdown eventually for a quick recharge.

That's their chance to attack!

"Don't let go of your murderous intent and evil thoughts during this period. There is a high chance he has inherited Lord Shiva's evil vision." Wendigo reminded with a solemn tone.

"I know."

Manananggal was an extremely calm and composed individual compared to even the primogenitors.

So, even when he was burning with hatred and anger just like his peers, he was able to make it disappear with a single finger snap.

When Felix passed by Manananggal's disguise, he didn't pick an ounce of threat from him.

But, the same couldn't be said about the entity on his shoulder.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

'Hehehe, this is interesting.' Nimo's alter ego crackled with a creepy smile.

As the master of seven sins and evil in general, no matter how much Manananggal was good at hiding his bad intentions, they could never escape Nimo's alter ego's awakened senses.

He didn't need his eyes to see the evil aura as he could smell it and feel it suppressed inside of Manananggal the moment Felix passed by him.

Since he could sense other people's levels of desires, he recognized that the werewolf was a mere disguise of a much, much stronger entity.

Everything could lie but The Pride Sin!

'It's finally my chance to reclaim my identity after putting up with this bastard's torture for the past months.'

Nimo's alter ego didn't seem like he had any plan of warning Felix about such danger.

He would be foolish to do so when he knew that such opportunities were impossible to occur twice.

He thought about merging with Nimo so many times before just to save himself from the humiliation of seeing his sacred body getting treated like a fluffy pet by Felix.

But, he fought against the urge over and over again... Now, he was rewarded at last.

Unfortunately, he waited and waited, and nothing seemed to happen as the werewolf completely ignored Felix's existence.

'I guess he is waiting for the spatial spell to be removed.' Nimo's alter ego reasoned. 'Fine, I have already waited a long time, this is nothing!

Unbeknownst to his alter ego's thoughts, Nimo kept looking around him with a curious expression...His alter ego was capable of hearing Nimo's thoughts, but he couldn't do the same since he was much, much more powerful than him.

He was the awakened version of him after all.

"You have arrived early, that's quite unexpected of you." Queen Allura giggled as she walked in the direction of Felix after she met him on the headquarters' ground floor.

"You really have a bad misconception of me." Felix acted like he was wronged.

"Do I? Hmm, why does something feel off about you?" Queen Allura switched her tone after noticing a weird white line outlining his skin and clothes.

When she looked at it a bit more, she recognized it immediately as Felix had used it before in one of his battles.

"Is this spatial imprisonment?" She raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"Yes."

"Why are you using it? And even on yourself?"

"It's nothing, I am just being extra safe." Felix smiled.

The moment she heard this, Queen Allura's expression turned solemn as she asked telepathically, 'Do you think that someone is going to attack you or the gathering?'

She knew that if even Felix had to be extra safe and lock himself in a different dimension, then the enemy wasn't to be f*cked with!

"Don't worry, it's really nothing. I am just indulging in a bit of my paranoia, no need to spread it to others too." Felix comforted her.

"If you are so sure..." Queen Allura still had some doubts about this, but since Felix was insisting that nothing was wrong, then she could only trust him.

"I will wait for you above, the others should already be waiting for us." Felix changed the subject by flying into the ceiling, knowing that he could go through walls and such akin to a ghost.

As he said, most of the ten rulers and inner circle leaders were already sitting on their seats in a massive hall that resembled a parliament auditorium.

When Felix popped up from the ground, it sure caused everyone to quieten down and stare at him speechlessly.

Felix ignored their looks and went to stand on his seat, unable to even sit properly in his current condition.

Just as Queen Alfreda was about to open her mouth and ask what was on everyone's mind, Felix uttered with a stern tone, "I don't want to hear a single word about my condition. Anyone who brought it out will join me."

“...”

“...”

“...”

Well, that did the trick as no one dared to open their mouth anymore and were forced to take their discussion telepathically...Felix was just that much scarier than Elder Dragon.

"Cough, I know that we set the schedule for the trial run in another month, but since most of the ten rulers and inner circle are here, I suggest we push forward the schedule to the next week."

Emperor Lokhil proposed to change the subject.

"I concur."

"Me too."

"Likewise."

One by one, the inner circle leaders began agreeing to the proposal as everyone had things to do in their territories and they didn't want to wait an entire month for late arrivals.

The only reason the first schedule was placed was for the sake of Felix and the other ten rulers to make it in time as their attendance was the most important.

"I agree."

After Felix voiced his agreement as well, the votes came flying in much faster until the decision had the majority of votes even when the absent votes were counted as opposition.

"It's been decided, the trial run will be occurring next week, make the announcement."

After staying behind for a couple of hours to listen to more decisions being made about the trial run, Felix decided to end his day early.

Even though he departed, the assembly still carried on without interruption.

He might be considered the grand supreme and even had two votes, but he was still not the alliance's leader and many decisions could be had without his attendance.

After Felix exited the hall, he didn't even bother going to his personal palace in the city.

He requested Candace to open a void rift and he jumped inside her aircraft..Then, she closed the void rift.

“...”

“...”

“...”

When Mannanngal. Saurous, and Wendigo saw this from a distance, they were left with no words to describe their current emotions.

Only now did it click in their minds that when Felix did something. he made sure that it would be as perfect as possible.

In this case, he never had plans of recovering his lost spatial energy in the real world where he could do it under the safety of the void realm!

"This f*cking brat is making this harder than it is!!'