Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1280 The Trial Run! I

After a couple of days, the darkins were forced to change their approach as Felix never made a single mistake in weakening his defenses.

He didn't even bother logging in to the UVR and just spent most of the days in the void realm, meditating and hanging out with the tenants in his mind.

'Let's brainstorm, I refuse to get outsmarted by a brat!' Saurous said with an irked tone.

'As long as he maintains this level of cautiousness, it will be really hard to take him down with our original plan. Wendigo suggested, 'We have to think outside of the box.

In other words, a simple assassination method was no longer working on Felix and they had to come up with something clever to get his head.

After spending a few minutes thinking in silence, Mannanangal touched his chin thoughtfully before proposing, 'Since it's hopeless to kill him here, how about we take him down after he reaches the other side?'

'Hmmm, but won't we lose his location if we did this and be forced to keep chasing him around again?'

'It will be different. Manananggal smiled, "This time we will make sure to be with him wherever he goes.'

'Don't tell me you are planning on bugging his spaceship with a blood drop of yours?' Wendigo raised an eyebrow in surprise at his devious strategy.

He knew that this had a 100% chance of it succeeding unless Felix had no interest in going to the other side!

After all, he was bound to beam his spaceship from his spatial card to use the wormhole connecting them to the other side.

He just couldn't reach there by traveling the void realm without wasting years if not more... It was one thing to use the void realm alone and another to mix it up with wormholes.

'The boy is cautious alright, but he can't be that cautious to pick wasting multiple years without UVR and in utter loneliness when there is a much simpler choice.' Saurous snickered.

He was right, Felix never had the thought of crossing the other side by using just the void realm...He would have done it long ago if he was that desperate to reach it.

'But wait, I have seen his spaceship. It's one of the greatest models available and he even customized it with the most expensive systems. Wendigo frowned, 'I am fairly certain that even a blood drop of yours will get picked up by its scanning system as a foreign object and get either deleted or reported.'

Since Manananggal required some time to recreate his body from a mere blood drop, this implied that he would get either destroyed instantly or kicked out by the spaceship before he could even meet Felix.

'That's indeed an issue. Saurous nodded.

Manananggal chuckled as he showed them a holographic image of a blood drop, "It would have been a problem if we didn't have this."

"Haha! How did I even forget about this?"

Saurous and Wendigo laughed simultaneously with a gleeful look as they eyed the spinning blood drop.

It was none other than Felix's copied blood drop traded to them by Lord Loki!

In the hands of others, it was nothing but a useless drop of blood...But in the hands of the god of blood?

He could use it to copy Felix's DNA and bug his spaceship with his blood drop. This would fool even Queen Ai since it would recognize the blood drop as if it belonged to Felix!

Obviously, he wouldn't be able to use any of Felix's abilities and such. He was merely capable of creating a substanceless imitation. But, it was more than enough to do the trick.

"This all sounds good and all, but what if the prick left entering the other side until later?' Saurous knitted his eyebrows, 'If he left this place from the void realm after the trial run, we are f*cked.'

'He won't leave. Wendigo assured him with a confident tone, 'He is now considered the spearhead of the alliance and he made a promise in his coronation speech that he would be leading the alliance's exploration. This means if the trial run succeded, he will be forced to stay behind with everyone and prepare for the real exploration quest.'

'That's good to hear, I guess the only way for our plan to go south is the failure of the trial run. Saurous smiled coldly.

He understood that the odds of it happening were extremely low as the metal race researchers never put a device on a live trial run unless there was 99% of it working as intended!

***

Time went by and before long the day of the trial run had arrived.

The ten rulers, inner circle leaders, and other attending figures had all taken off toward the decided location in their spaceships.

Only Felix traveled through the void realm and reached the location almost instantaneously.

It was hundreds of thousands of kilometers in the middle of nowhere while leaving the cloudy planet way on the back.

In a few minutes at best, spaceships started gathering near Felix, creating a stacked lineup that was pointing directly into the empty great void.

Felix joined Queen Allura's spaceship cockpit and watched a spaceship shaped like a giant bird with enormous wings that extended far beyond its body, giving it the appearance of a majestic Phoenix taking flight.

Yet, the most unique part about it was a giant silver cube that was placed on top of it... It had somewhat of a camera lens on the surface facing the great void.

This was the device that everyone's hopes were placed on.

"Everyone ready?" Felix asked calmly as he glanced at tens of holographic screens behind the cockpit's window...Each one was showing the face of a race leader.

When Felix saw everyone nodding their heads with solemn expressions, he turned his focus to the exploration spaceship and permitted, "Pioneers, you may begin."

The moment the order was voiced, the exploration crew started the device under the eyes of the entire alliance as this event was publicly streamed.

The cubic device neither spanned nor did any drastic movement...It just unlocked the camera lens that resembled a living eye.

Then, the data was sent back to the crewmates and the leaders on holographic screens.

It was instant feedback of billions of mesmerizing illuminating galaxies appearing like a colorful flower field in a paradise.

While the image was breathtaking, no one really reacted weirdly to it as all of their advanced telescopes were capable of the same feat.

"Start zooming in." Felix ordered.

The camera lens started getting narrower and narrower until it turned into a single dot...While it was doing this, the live feed on the screen changed from billions of galaxies into a single one.

"Continue." Felix ordered with a solemn look.

Now, it was the moment of truth...The real test for the device!

The living eye kept turning smaller and smaller until it was barely one millimeter long. Everyone glued their eyes on the screens and waited with held breaths in anticipation.

After a couple of seconds that seemed like an eternity, the screens finally displayed a high-definition live feed of an actual star and multiple unique planets orbiting it!

Clap Clap Clap!!!...WOAAH!!!!

Without a single word uttered, everyone spectating the stream began cheering with excited reddened cheeks as they had just found a hidden treasure!

"We did it. Give me a high five." Queen Allura laughed with an upbeat pitch as she placed her hand in front of Felix's face.

"It's not over yet. You know I can't touch you in this condition." Felix smiled as he pulled away a little from her hand, knowing that it wouldn't end well for her if she touched him while he was in spatial imprisonment.

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"I know 3D modeling is left, but this is already enough to help us create a fairly exact wormhole to that solar system." Queen Allura replied.

"It's best to be accurate in these situations."

"He is right." High Chieftain Lokaka nodded, "It's not the time for celebration yet as without the 3D

modeling, the wormhole can be opened directly in front of the star."

It was obvious that this was a bad exit point as it might end up killing everyone on board the spaceship.

"Create the solar system 3D model." Felix ordered after the celebration dialed down a bit.

The device started doing its magic as it kept taking all the data about the entire solar system from the planets' positions, sizes, light reflection, the distance between them and their star...etc.

In a mere few seconds, Queen Ai's godly computing power managed to manifest a perfectly minimized 3D hologram of the solar system that reflected the real thing!!

It even had the real distances, sizes, and all of those numbers written on lines on the hologram!!

"Now. we are talking." Felix finally cracked a pleased smile.

His delight was shared by everyone watching as they understood that the space worms would be able to pick the exact location of their exit point now without needing to even be there!!

"Where do you want us to exit, my king??" The exploration crew captain asked.

He was an imitator taking the form of a space worm allowing him to use their spatial manipulation just like them.

"Near the third planet." Felix shared with a nostalgic smile as he eyed the third planet that resembled Earth a big deal if it wasn't for its oceans being redder than blood.

"On it!!"