1281 The Trial Run! II

Tens of space worms got outside of the spaceship and worked together to manifest a singular gigantic wormhole that was connected with that decided exit point.

Usually, only one space worm was required to create a wormhole, but to skip the entire great void distance, teamwork was a must.

Since wormholes consumed large amounts of energy only during their creation and when utilized, having ten sources of fuel for it was enough to keep it ongoing temporarily until a permanent express wormhole was created.

After a couple of hours, the wormhole was finally finished. It took this long because they had to make it big enough for multiple spaceships to enter it simultaneously.

"You may leave." Felix permitted.

The moment the crewmen received his permission, they went through the wormhole at a moderate speed.

A few seconds later, the spaceship was expelled to the other side of the universe and came to an abrupt halt in the middle of nowhere.

When the viewers saw a brilliant red gemstone shimmering from a far distance, they couldn't help but cheer feverishly in the stream chat!

[They did it!]

[Haha! This is so damn exciting! We have actually reached the other side of the universe!]

[I can't imagine what we will find! This is more than 30% of a newly undiscovered region!]

The viewers' excitement was shared even by the leaders as they could already see themselves

swimming in resources.

"Explore the red planet and be careful."

"Roger."

Following Felix's command, the crewmen turned their spaceship invisible and traveled with a moderate pace in the direction of the red planet.

When they had gotten too close, the red planet's true appearance was shown to everyone.

It released somewhat of a sinister feeling that was picked by even commoners, making them feel some sort of innate fear towards it.

It was like their souls screaming at them to stay as far as possible from it.

"Scan it for any signs of life." Felix ordered with a solemn tone.

Unlike the rest of the leaders and viewers, Felix had already asked Lady Sphinx about the other side and its habitats.

While she didn't tell him about every race that existed there, she told him about its current considered rulers. They were none other than the Demon Species!

She warned him heavily about them as she said that when it came to new races unrelated to

primogenitors? The strongest ones were as gifted as the ancient dragons!

Based on the planet's sinister atmosphere, Felix had a strong feeling that it was either inhabited by some of them.

"Looks like it's a deserted planet." Queen Allura uttered as she read the negative results of the scan.

"Should we have them descend or send one of your people to scout ahead?" Emperor Lokhil inquired as he looked at Felix.

"It's best to be safe." Felix reached out to another void citizen in the spaceship and ordered, "Maki, scout ahead of everyone."

"As you command." A breathtaking void succubus with short pink hair and tanned skin nodded with a charming smile.

However, just as she opened a void rift and wanted to enter it, her body refused to move even an inch...Her teeth started chattering while her face turned as pale as a paper sheet.

"Maki?" Felix frowned in confusion at her reaction.

Maki didn't even hear him as her entire body and soul were consumed by a never felt level of terror!

She could neither think nor move, appearing like she was frozen in space under the bewildered eyes of everyone.

"Maki!"

Whoosh!

The squad's captain hastily closed her void rift from a distance, not daring to get close to it after getting hit by a weaker sensation of what Maki experienced.

Thud!

The moment the void rift was closed, Maki fell to the ground in a fetus position and kept shivering in fear while mumbling repeatedly, "I am sorry, I am sorry, I am sorry..."

“...”

“...”

Felix and the others were left utterly stunned by the whole situation as no one had a single clue what had just happened.

"King Maxwell..."

"I am just as confused as you." Before the others could ask Felix, he cut them off with a solemn tone.

Felix had seen this kind of fear before in void creatures, which made him come to a scary realization that he found it too hard to accept.

'Masters, do you think that the Paragon of Sins has awakened?' Felix asked.

Felix was told a long time ago that the paragon of sins' location was situated on the other side of the universe.

He never bothered to pay too much attention to it before as he had no intentions of getting close to that area.

'Unlikely.' Lady Sphinx replied, 'If he has awakened, everyone would have known about it as it is in his nature to stir things up in the universe!'

'I believe your subordinate's reaction resulted from the Paragon of Sin's intense aura. Elder Kraken reasoned, 'Since the paragon of sins is slumbering, he has no control over it. As their god, all void creatures are weak against it and could not even think straight when they are under its pressure!

'I see. Felix nodded with a stern expression.

Elder Kraken's reasoning made the most sense as Felix had seen what Nimo's aura could do to Candace and the others.

It was literally the void nation's Krypotine...It looked like the Paragon of Sins' aura was so intense, it probably covered the entire territory of what was beyond the great void.

This was enough to showcase the current level of difference between the Paragon of Sins and Nimo even after his awakening…

When Felix told his councilmen about this, all of them had the same reaction.

"We are f*cked." The Ruiner cursed.

"We won't be able to enter the void realm while we are traveling on the other side." Meriam frowned, "We will be losing our greatest advantage."

Without the void realm, the void nation would be forced to journey through the other side by using random wormholes or hiring space worms with exorbitant prices.

There were other advantages being lost, such as not being able to spy on others and commit perfect assassinations.

'It's really a massive blow to our nation. Felix sighed, 'But, there is nothing we can do. We are literally walking into the home of your god. Asleep or not, his presence can't be ignored.'

Felix would be the only one unaffected by this as Nimo was resistant to the Paragon of Sins' aura and he could help him enter and leave the void realm as usual.

"Unfortunately, Maki seems to be ill." Felix addressed the leaders, "We can only descend in standard fashion."

Felix had no intentions of telling them about the Paragon of Sins and his people's inability to access the void realm.

Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Although the leaders were smart enough to realize that Felix wasn't telling them the whole truth, none of them dared to interrogate him publicly.

So, they agreed to the decision and watched the spaceship descending on the red planet.

As the spaceship went through the crimson thick clouds, the viewers' eyes were allured to a lifeless wasteland that loomed menacingly.

It was barren and filled with red mist that resembled blood fog.

After the invisible spaceship landed on the ground. The squad of explorers exited from the front gate.

It consisted of one of the strongest known fighters in the alliance..There was a humanoid black dragon, a humanoid white dragon, a winged elf, a shadowborn, a pandion, a spirit fox, and more.

Sniff Sniff..

"Is it just me or there is a peculiar revolting energy pulsing through the air??" The werewolf spoke while closing his nostrils inside his space helmet.

"I smell nothing??"

"Likewise."

He was the only one who seemed to notice the peculiar energy as others didn't have the same high level of smell as him.

"I am telling you. something weird about this planet's atmosphere." The werewolf stressed again.