Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1283 The Mysterious Demonic Statue.

'This must be an animalistic demon.' Lady Sphinx cleared Felix's doubts, 'When intelligent beings get demonized, they turn into lesser demons. Meanwhile, animals, beasts, monsters, and such become animalistic demons.'

'It's been a long while since I have visited the other side, so my information can be imprecise!’ She added.

Felix was told that his master had visited the other side tens of millions of years ago for the sake of searching for the Maniacal Monoliths.

When she left the other side, the demon species were still developing in a small area...After such a long period of time, god knows how much they had grown and evolved.

Kiikki!!!

Before Felix could respond, The gigantic skinless bird rushed again toward the squad with a single thought in its brain, corrupt their purities and bring them to the evil side!

"I will handle it." The squad's captain uttered calmly as he teleported between his squad and the approaching demon.

Then, he waved his hand and opened a massive void rift in front of the skinless bird. The stupid monster disappeared through it without trying to evade it at all.

The squad's captain closed the void rift immediately after starting to feel his strength getting sapped out of him from the Paragon of Sins' overbearing aura.

"Tsk, I could have finished it off." Rhaegal clicked his tongue in displeasure.

His pride was already wounded after the captainship was given to a void citizen instead of him. Now, even his fights were being stolen.

"Let's keep moving quickly. I doubt our spacesuits will hold on for less than an hour." The squad's captain ignored his tirade and nodded at Clayton to continue leading them.

Clayton jumped on all four and sprinted again in the direction of the revolting smell's source.

As the squad kept moving through the charred mountains and barren crimson chasms, they went through multiple assaults from different unique and ugly animalistic demons.

Whether those animalistic demons were ground crawlers, sky travelers, or surface-bound, all of them were able to resurrect into a much bigger and more powerful version of themselves after they get killed!

This discovery made the alliance's leaders reach the conclusion that the resurrection was related to evil energy instead of the species.

Their theory was further proven when those animalistic demons ended up dying for real when thrown into the void realm and have their connection to the surrounding evil energy cut off.

"This is too spooky to be honest." Queen Allura spoke with a concerned tone, "If those animalistic demons are unkillable as long as they have evil energy nearby, doesn't this means that more powerful demons are immortals?"

The others thought the same. They knew that those idiotic demons were easy to handle only because they were running on one track record and they didn't care about their safety.

But for intelligent demons? They would avoid having their connection cut off from the evil energy at all costs, which would make killing them almost impossible!

"The stench is getting too strong, we are getting cl...Huh?"

Before Clayton could finish his sentence, he was forced to come to an abrupt halt after his eyes landed on a massive peculiar statue over the horizon.

He didn't need to tell them that it was the source of the evil energy as everyone narrowed their eyes at a visible thick red mist being released from the statue nonstop.

"What's that?" The spirit fox asked with a spooked look at the monstrous appearance of the statue.

"Let's get close and find out." The squad's captain ordered with a stern tone.

Now that they knew the source, he opened a portal connecting both sides and everyone went through it.

When they exited from the other side, they were merely a few kilometers away from the gigantic demonic statue.

The moment they stared this close at it, they couldn't help but feel a sense of dread creeping up their souls.

Its hideous and fearsome appearance played a big part in this as the statue was half a human half an animal.

It had wings, horns, and sharp claws... Its skin was often red and scaly, with a texture that resembled that of a reptile.

It had a distinctive facial feature as it possessed a large, hooked nose with multiple nostrils, and its eyes were piercing and sinister.

As much as demonic it appeared, it clearly belonged to an intelligent high profile entity as it was wearing robes, a crown, and holding onto a staff.

These garments were decorated with intricate patterns or symbols that represented their demonic and also royal nature.

The entire statue was red from top to bottom and seemed to be made from a solid material but at the same time, it wasn't.

Unfortunately for the squad, they weren't given much time to explore the statue in peace.

"Sh*t! The evil energy potency is off the f*cking roof here." Clayton cursed after seeing his spacesuit getting absolutely bombarded by the red mist!

The corruption's speed got enhanced significantly as even Queen Ai started warning them that their spacesuits were getting damaged beyond repair and they should take them off if they didn't want to lose them permanently.

"My King, we can't stay here for long! What's our next move?" The squad's captain requested while beaming a massive metallic barrier to block the red mist.

"Try to destroy it and get me a piece for research. Then, retreat outside of the planet." Felix ordered with a solemn tone as he eyed the statue.

He recognized immediately that this statue must belong to a high-ranked authoritative demon.

The fact that it was able to release an infinite amount of evil energy made him understand that this must be one of the demons' key methods of corrupting planets and such.

Since they couldn't touch it while it was actively releasing evil energy, they could only destroy it first.

Without waiting for the order, Rhaegal got in front of everyone and pointed his black-scaled finger at the gigantic demonic statue...Then, he fired the same penetrative fire beam at the statue's torso!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The moment it touched the statue, the beam expanded again and caused its target to get blown out into fragments without much resistance.

Thud! Thud! Thud!!...

The statue's fragments kept raining everywhere, causing the squad to defend themselves against them.

"Sssssss..." When the spirit fox saw one of the fragments land next to her, she couldn't help but suck a deep breath in utter horror.

"Dear god…”

Even the most stoic and fearless person watching the stream felt their hearts tightening up like they were being choked with bare hands.

They ought to feel this way as the statue turned out to be made out of blended flesh, skin, and bones of many creatures!!!

Some fragments were even showing terrified pained faces of many never seen before races...The sight was so disgusting and toe-curling, many viewers turned out the stream instantly with faces as pale as vampires.

"What kind of freaks are we dealing with here..." Fishermen Queen Everley murmured.

"I have no idea and I'm honestly starting to think that we aren't going to be having any friendly talks with them." King Treznor replied with a stern voice.

Whoosh!! Whoosh!!

Before they could go deeper into their discussion, the remaining bottom of the statue started releasing a surge of colorful auras that went straight into the ceiling of the sky, bursting through the clouds and pushing them away!

Felix and the others swiftly switched their focus to this abnormality as they kept staring at it with bewildered looks.

"What is that?" The leaders turned to look at Felix for an answer, just to realize that he was as ignorant as them in this matter.

"Look! The evil energy around the statue is dissipating!" Emperor Lokhil called as he pointed his finger at the disappearing red mist after the colorful misty waves washed over it!

When the squad saw those waves rushing in their direction, they swiftly protected themselves in their unique way.

"Hmmm? It smells nice and warm like a breeze in spring." Claymore shared after his nose was graced at last with something gentle in this revolting planet.

Still, he didn't let down his guard and continued protecting himself with an icy barrier.

After a couple of minutes more or less, the statue stopped releasing the colorful waves and the atmosphere finally regained its peacefulness.

But, when the squad removed their barriers, they realized that the environment had regained more than just that.

"Is it me or does the air seem less stuffy and the dirt looks more alive?" Spirit Fox uttered with a tone of confusion as she looked around her.

"The environment does look more alive." Clayton replied as he sniffed, "Plus, I am not smelling the same disgusting scent anymore. I guess the evil energy was disposed of by those peculiar colorful waves?"

This was everyone's first assumption as it was the only thing that made sense.

But, the real question spinning in Felix's and the leaders' minds right now was why the statue was filled with such 'positive' energy in the first place.

'A giant statue of a high-ranked demon made out with perfect details of merged corpses of creatures. Able to release infinite amounts of potent evil energy. Now, even holds within it another peculiar type of energy that can negate evil energy?' Felix knitted his eyebrows deeply, 'Why did the demons make such an important statue and leave it unprotected?'

Unbeknownst to Felix and the leaders, the moment they had destroyed the demonic statue, the owner and his people were alerted immediately…DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Prince Beelzebub! We have lost connection with the tenth harvester on planet Gorrana!"