1284 Prince Beelzebub.

"Prince Beelzebub! We have lost connection with the tenth harvester on planet Gorrana!"

A lesser demon with a grotesque amalgamation of twisted features, bound to send shivers down the spine of even the bravest warriors, reported in a kneeling position.

Even though he was kneeling, his size was close to five meters... His muscular frame was a sinister sight to behold while Its skin, a sickly shade of green, was mottled with dark purple veins that pulsated menacingly under the surface.

Yet, his frightening appearance was nothing before Prince Beelzebub who had the exact same features as the demonic statue, from body to clothes.

"It has been destroyed." Prince Beelzebub replied with a stoic expression while looking in a different direction.

When his subordinate saw his behavior, he knew what he was doing and closed his mouth shut to not bother him.

'Interesting, very interesting... Prince Beelzebub uttered in his mind as he watched the memories of the demonic statue before it had been destroyed!

As the owner, he was able to link his consciousness with it and see through its eyes... But, since it was destroyed, he could only visit the stored memories.

'Where did so many new races come from? How can they create stuff out of nothingness? They actually dare destroy a higher prince's harvester?

Looking back, they do seem ignorant about it like it's the first time they have seen one...Truly interesting!𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Many questions swam through Prince Beelzebub's mind as the entire memory was filled with things he had never seen before.

As one of the seven high princes with an entire demon realm under his rulership, he had seen too much and knew too much.

But all of his knowledge and experience had failed him with everything he had seen, from the strange-looking races, their clothes, their equipment, their language, and even their powers.

'Gorrana is nearby the infinite darkness...Don't tell me they come from there?'

Before this thought could register in his mind, Prince Beelzebub laughed at his own foolishness, 'I am really in need of a drink.'

He couldn't entertain the thought for even a second as he knew that the infinite darkness wasn't named as such for no reason.

All of the seven princes sent their exploration squads through the infinite darkness to find out if there were any new territories for them to conquer.

Alas, not a single squad managed to find its way back and was lost forever in the darkness.

More attempts were taken after that, but the result remained the same until everyone was forced to accept the disappointing truth. The infinite darkness was the end of their universe.

'If they didn't come from the infinite darkness, a new wormhole must have been opened up that is leading to an undiscovered galaxy. The fact that they don't know about the harvesters and my appearance even inside my demon realm means that their galaxy has no interaction with demons whatsoever.’

Prince Beelzebub smiled wickedly, 'Losing a harvester is painful and will set me back behind my bastard brothers and sisters, but if I managed to conquer this new galaxy, I will have so many purities to eat, I will leave them to eat my dust and take back my lost territories...Hehehe, my luck is finally turning around.'

"This is too weird...' his subordinate Malgrath couldn't help but raise his eyebrows in surprise at his master's attitude towards the entire matter.

When he brought the news, he thought he would be giving him crap to vent his anger since those harvesters were everything to the seven princes...But, here he was smiling from ear to ear as he had just hit the jackpot.

"Malgrath, lead a scouting team toward Gorrana and bring me Intel about those daring assailants." Prince Beelzebub ordered, "Don't engage with them though even if they destroyed all of the remaining harvesters in Gorrana."

"As you command!"

Just as Malgrath was about to take off, Prince Beelzebub warned him with a stone-cold tone, "Most importantly, do this under the radar. I don't want anyone to learn about this...Especially my brothers and sisters. Understood?"

"Ye..Yes!" Malgrath assured him with a shaky tone.

He knew his master was still vying for the demon king's throne even when his odds were the worst out of the seven princes.

If he was the reason he screwed his odds even more, he understood that he would be tortured for the rest of his immortal demonic life!

***

Oblivious to their exposure to the realm ruler, Felix had already ordered his squad to exit the planet and return to their side even when the evil energy's levels had been lowered drastically in that area.

Oblivious to their exposure to the realm ruler, Felix had already ordered his squad to exit the planet and return to their side even when the evil energy's levels had been lowered drastically in that area.

After they returned, Felix ended the live stream and told the public that the alliance would be updating them with more information after they prepare for the main exploration mission.

"We might have spent only a few hours there, but it's enough to let us know that we are dealing with a powerful and fearsome enemy." Queen Alfreda said with a solemn tone, "We have to change our approach if we want to avoid unnecessary problems and casualties."

"Agreed."

Felix and the rest of the inner circle leaders approved off the bat.

Before, they wanted to send exploration squads across the entire undiscovered territories and start recruiting new members into the alliance.

It was the same system that was being used on a daily basis on the SGAlliance's territory as not all of it had been explored yet.

But now? All of them could see that wasn't going to work well against those demonic creatures.

Just the existence of evil energy was enough to make their conquest more complex since it corrupted anything it touched.

The sickening notion that made them change their attitude was the existence of the demonic statue.

"I really can't see ourselves allying with a race that uses millions of corpses to create a statue out of them...We are all-inclusive, but those things are absolute evil and they will bring no value to our alliance but chaos." Shadowborns Ruler Hogan stated with a stern look.

"It's best to not jump to conclusions too early." Empress Scarlet smiled gently, "We still don't know much about them. Since we allowed the void nation in, you should know that everyone deserves a chance."

"She's right, we have to get more information about them to make the best decision."

Although this could be considered an indirect attack on his nation's past, Felix didn't attempt to defend it.

Unlike them, he knew much more of the evil deeds of many of the void citizens and even his councilmen...Civilizations were ended and lives were changed and manipulated for the worse.

While the void citizens were peaceful now and seemed cool, it was only because he and Nimo were keeping them in check.

So, as much as those demons didn't really give the best first impression, he wasn't a hypocrite to deem them as an absolute evil that should be ended right off the bat.

"I suggest we send out our military fleets to completely conquer this solar system and turn it into a fortified fortress before we start our exploration." Minister Aquiris proposed.

"Seconded."

"Seconded."

Everyone agreed to the proposal even when it meant their exploration mission would be delayed by many months for preparation... Still, it was better to be safe than sorry.

After a couple of hours of discussion to iron out the details, Felix excused himself.

He entered the void realm and met with the squad's captain who handed him a portion of the demonic statue. Felix swiftly took it and returned to Candace's aircraft.

'Doesn't it feel disgusting?' Asna asked with a grossed-out expression as she watched Felix studying the molded piece of flesh.

'It's supposed to feel disgusting and have a 'fleshy' sensation, but it somehow doesn't?' Felix replied as he poked it, 'It feels like a solid piece of stone that is painted to resemble a mold of flesh and blood.'

'I don't know what they used to make it like this and I don't have the tools here to study it properly!

Felix ended up throwing it back inside his spatial card after realizing that he couldn't really run any experiments inside Candace's aircraft.

'Should I enter the other side before everyone else??' Felix suddenly decided to get out of here to regain a bit of his freedom.

In his eyes. he was being so cautious because of his location exposed, but if he went through the wormhole and continued traveling at light speed on the other side, he could log in to the UVR without worrying about anything.

As for the demons and dangers of the other side?? There wasn't really anything they could do to him in his over geared spaceship.

'Might as well go f..!

Just as he began considering this thought for real, Lord Khoas interjected with an emotionless tone, 'Fair warning, my reach doesn't cover the void realm on the other side. If you went there, you will be on your own against the darkins! 'Huh?!!'