Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

﻿1285 Change of Plans!

Felix was left startled at his warning.

'Is it because of the Paragon of Sins?' Lady Sphinx asked for confirmation.

She clearly had previous doubts about this matter and was planning to ask him about it in case Felix decided to travel to the other side.

She didn't expect that he would come first and tell them about it.

'No comment.' Lord Khaos refrained from telling them his reasons.

This forced everyone to drop the matter at once.

'Do you think the darkins know about this?' Thor wondered with a deep frown. 'Who knows?'

Jörmungandr mentioned, 'All we know is that those bastards have gone off the radar for a while now. It's not farfetched to assume that they have isolated themselves on the other side.'

'With the news about the alliance's conquest, one of Mannanangal's clones can easily deliver the information and make them plan to hunt him down.’

Everything was nothing but mere speculations without proof, but it still affected Felix's decision drastically.

He was being extremely cautious about his safety even when he knew that the darkins wouldn't dare attempt to assassinate him while Lord Khoas was having his back.

Now that he would be losing his main source of protection and he was still not strong enough to protect himself, he would be foolish to ignore the warnings.

'It's still possible for me to beam my spaceship and speed through the wormhole, not giving anyone a chance to attack it. As long as I keep my location hidden on the other side, it's impossible for them to find me. Felix knitted his eyebrows, 'But they are intelligent enough to predict this and prepare a counter in case they were really trying to assassinate me on the other side.'

'It just sounds too risky with no rewards to match it! Asna advised, 'I think it's best that you don't enter the other side and return to the Elemental Galaxy to push through the origin realm and reach a deity level.’

This was indeed the smartest decision.

'What about the alliance's conquest?' Felix shook his head, 'I am the spearhead, and if I disappeared at such a crucial point in the alliance's future, I will forever be seen as unreliable and lose everyone's respect!

It was one thing to leave his void nation and humans to seclude himself in the Elementals Galaxy and another to do the same with the entire alliance behind him.

Since Felix planned on spending much more time in the Elementals Galaxy as it would be his last chance to take advantage of its time difference, he could be gone for centuries if not more in the real world!

What kind of a Grand Supreme ditched his responsibilities for centuries the moment he took office?

High Chieftain Lokaka wouldn't hesitate to challenge him while he was gone and take his position after he forfeit through default.

'You can always get your title back, but not your life. Asna stressed.

'There must be another way!'

Felix wasn't foolish to risk his life to prove his worthiness to the alliance, but at the same time, he would rather consider all options before cowardly bailing out the instant he smelt a bit of danger.

The fact that the other side was clearly packed to the brim with dangerous individuals made him understand that his existence would be needed more than ever.

'How about having a clone?' Candace suggested with a finger on her lips. 'You mean like a clone, clone?' Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

'Yes, why not?' Candace clarified, 'You can easily create a real clone using your previous normal DNA before all of its modifications. Then, use your wisp of consciousness to control it. This way, you will be there to participate in the alliance's decisions while at the same time training in the Elementals Galaxy!’

'Well...I always felt that it was a bit weird to have a real clone of mine even if it was controlled by my own wisp of consciousness. But, this is far better than the alternatives.’ Felix found the idea plausible.

'Won't the inner leaders be somewhat displeased that you are attending using a mere clone?' Asna wondered.

'F*ck'em, this is my life at risk here.' Felix sneered, 'They should be delighted I am going the extra distance to be there even when I had three primogenitors breathing down my neck!'

'That's true.' Asna chuckled, liking his answer.

'Master, is it possible to create a few clones in your lab?' Felix voiced his request to Lady Sphinx.

He knew that it would be impossible for him to create a clone using his current highly complex and chaotic DNA...Even if he pulled it off by some miracle, the clone would be at risk of collapsing at any moment or having random mutations popping off once in a while.

To top it off, even if he put his wisp of consciousness in it, he would still not be able to use elemental manipulations or any sort of abilities.

That's why Candace told him to use an old version of his DNA to make the clone as it would be easier and the clone's longevity would be much longer.

Lady Sphinx was the only one having his old DNA stored due to using it in her experiments over the past years.

'Those clones will come out looking different than you right now.' Lady Sphinx offered, 'I can use my sand manipulation to create perfect clones of your current appearance, but you will have to be extremely careful as they will break apart if things got too rough!

'I understand.' Felix nodded in appreciation.

He knew that her perfect clones were able to fool almost everyone unless they got a close hold of him.

'Candace, get hold of Maki and send her to get the clones from master! Felix ordered.

'On it!'

Felix had no intentions of going all the way back to the Witch Empire when the problems here had yet to be solved.

*****

Days went by and then months...Before long, the area near the wormhole was packed to the brim with hundreds of thousands of magnificent and dreadful warships.

Since this mission was related to the alliance as a whole, their military fleets were used instead of personal ones of each race.

They were being led by the collective decision of the ten rulers even when the fleets were packed with all sorts of races from around the universe.

"Are we set for departure?" Felix asked.

The moment Felix saw the ten rulers and the inner circle leaders nod at him in confirmation with solemn looks, he voiced the order, "March!"

As the space fleets approached the mouth of the massive wormhole, each crew member felt a mix of excitement and trepidation.

They had spent months preparing for this moment, but the unknown dangers that lay ahead made their stomachs churn.

As the spaceships began to disappear through the wormhole, Manananggal kept his eyes affixed on Felix who was still leeching off Queen Allura's spaceship.

He was certain that the moment all of the spaceships reach the other side, he would follow them from behind with his own personal fleet.

He was this confident because he heard him say it when he was using a fake clone disguised as a crewman inside Queen Allura's spaceship.

'It's about damn time!'

Saurous and Wendigo were just as eager as him.

"Everyone has made it to the other side successfully, it's my turn. Take care, senior sister." Felix nodded at Queen Allura before taking his leave through a void rift.

When Manananggal saw this from his clone's eyes, he swiftly concentrated on the area near the wormhole, knowing that Felix was smart enough to ride his spaceship inside the void realm before pushing it through the void rift.

As he expected, a gigantic void rift opened up slowly in front of the wormhole before a sleek pitch-black spaceship emerged from it.

'Hmm? Isn't this his previous spaceship?' Saurous remarked.

'I guess he is using it since the other one is too large for the void rift. Wendigo warned his partner. 'Manananggal, don't mess it up!'

'Mess it up??' Manananggal smiled coldly as he pulled back a finger that was pointing at the speeding spaceship, 'I have already succeeded in planting the blood drop!'

There was less than a second window where the spaceship exited the void rift and entered the wormhole rapidly!!

Yet, that was more than enough for him to fire his blood drop akin to a bullet and plant it!!

'It's done?? Haha, at last, at last, we will be getting this f*cker.' Saurous laughed loudly with pure joy emitting from his mouth.

He didn't spend a moment thinking that Felix would be able to live through this.

In his eyes, there was just absolutely no way of it happening unless Lord Khaos himself found out about the blood drop before it grew into Manananggal!

'At last!!'