1286 All of That Effort For This…

The moment Felix's spaceship reached the other side, his fleet followed him from behind... It consisted of bodyguards from the void nation since he was using his clone and it needed protection on the surface.

"Move out." Felix ordered from the cockpit of his spaceship, Dark Deviant.

Most of the alliance's fleets sped toward the red planet Gorrana while the rest spread out into formations and went in different directions.

This solar system had more than fifteen planets orbiting the star...The alliance had put a plan to conquer all of the planets in it within a mere two weeks timeframe.

If the soldiers landed on the planets and found out that it was corrupted with evil energy, they were tasked to destroy them.

It was the only method found to restore the planet's liveliness and at the same get rid of evil energy.

They had tested it out in the past months by locating all of the ten demonic statues on Gorrana and getting rid of them.

After Felix's spaceship arrived at Gorrana's stratosphere, he refrained from going any further.

Although the demonic statues had been taken care of, the planet was still brimming with high levels of evil energy and it was going to take a long time for it to be completely cleared out.

"If you find a civilization or even a small tribe on one of those planets, do not kill them even if they were demons." Felix reminded with a solemn tone, "We need as much information as possible and only the natives have it."

"Roger."

"Understood."

While he was busy giving out orders and checking the stream screens of each fleet mothership, he had no clue that a blood drop was slowly creeping up in his direction from the far back of the spaceship.

As the blood drop was levitating at a moderate speed, it appeared to be slowly growing in size.

The moment it reached the cockpit door, the blood drop turned into an exact copy of Felix!

This was the only reason Manananggal was able to reach this far without alerting the spaceship's AI.

Shsss!

The cockpit's door opened up automatically for Manananggal.

Although Felix's clone was considered a mere mortal, he still heard the door opening noise and turned his head.

"Huh?"

The moment he saw himself standing at the gate fully nude, he was left absolutely flabbergasted.

For a moment, he thought that one of his dormant extra clones had awakened its consciousness on its own!

But that thought was removed from his mind the instant he saw Manananggal's expression turning paler like he had just seen a ghost.

"No, no, no, no, no..." Manananggal kept repeating with a disbelieving look as he teleported right in front of his face.

"Don't tell me..." Felix felt a sudden shiver course his spine as he looked at his clone's eye and realized that they hold within them an uncapped level of sinister hatred.

He knew instantly that no one in this universe had this much hatred for him besides the darkins!

"Manananggal!" Felix exclaimed as he attempted to pull away from him reflexively.

Alas, he wasn't able to even move an inch as Manananggal's pressure made it impossible.

"HOW!! HOW DID YOU FIND OUT!"

The calm and collected Manananggal was nowhere to be seen as he shouted at Felix with the most murderous stare he could muster.

Felix's clone might fool everyone else, but not the god of blood...He recognized that Felix's body was made out of sand instantly.

"This can't be real…”

'A clone, a mere clone...'

Saurous and Wendigo didn't take it any better than Manananggal. They were left staring at Felix with looks of denial and disbelief.

Even as primogenitors, the news was just too much for them to take as they had planned and invested way too much into this.

They lost a precious favor from Lord Loki and owed him a new one.

They even decided to spend the rest of their lives on the other side of the universe to avoid Lord Khoas' anger.

All of this for a clone? It was understandable for Manananggal to finally lose his composure and let his suppressed anger and hatred burst out of his chest.

"You f*ckers were really planning to kill me." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly at Manananggal.

Even though Felix went through so much for his safety, a big part of him was certain that the darkins would not make a move on him personally.

After all, it was really hard to envision a primogenitor making a personal move on a mortal.

Only now did he realize that the darkins had stopped seeing him as a mortal a long time ago and as one of their most irritating enemies that needed to be eliminated even if it meant putting out some sacrifices!

"Little sh*t... Why won't you just drop dead already!" Manananggal said with a suppressed tone as he held Felix's neck.

Alas, his anger made it difficult to control his strength as the moment he tried to choke Felix, his body crumbled into a pile of sand with the AP Bracelet sitting at the top.

“...”

“...”

“...”

Manananggal and his partners were left staring at the pile of sand with bloodshot eyes.

Only one thought was coursing through their minds as they kept staring at it without a single blink. 'All of that effort for this?'

…

"Hahahaha!"Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Haha, I can always rely on those clowns to make my mood better."

"I kinda feel bad for them."

Meanwhile, Thor, Jörmungandr, and the rest of the tenants were either bursting into laughter or shaking their heads with sympathetic looks.

Only Felix was sighing in relief while wiping a sweat drop from his forehead.

He didn't see anything amusing about this situation as he knew that if he acted just a bit careless or dumb, his life would have been over.

"How did he get in my spaceship so soon and even did so while using an exact clone of mine?" Felix frowned.

Even though he escaped from such a deathtrap, he felt obliged to know how did Manananggal get so close to him without him finding out about it.

"He must have been camping outside of the wormhole and made a move the moment he spotted your spaceship." Asna guessed.

Felix's first guess was also this as it made the most sense.

Since he was using his clone, he decided to not be so cautious anymore and accompany his people.

He didn't expect that he wouldn't be given even a minute before Manananggal turn up in his spaceship.

"For him to make a perfect blood clone of you that is capable of fooling a spaceship's scanning systems, he must have gotten a drop of your blood." Thor mentioned with a confident tone.

As his mortal enemy, he knew him almost just as well as Manananggal knew himself.

"How did he get his hands on such a thing?" Felix knitted his eyebrows, "It's impossible for him to get the data from our fight in the primogenitor's event as everyone's DNA is encrypted by Queen Ai. I doubt anyone possessed my blood beside Lady Sphinx."

If Felix didn't trust Lady Sphinx with his whole heart, she would be the obvious suspect...But since she was out of the picture, he really couldn't figure out how his enemies got hold of such an important piece of data from him.

"I know how they did it." Lady Sphinx spoke with an irritated tone as Lord Loki's playful expression surfaced in her mind.

"Who?"

"Don't worry about it, I will handle it."

Lady Sphinx didn't want to break Felix's entire universe by telling him the secrets about the UVR as she knew that he would never see the UVR in the same way ever again.

This would drastically affect his future in a negative manner and he wouldn't be able to fix the issue even if he wanted.

"Motherf*ckers!!"

Suddenly, Felix cursed with a pissed-off tone after he received a notification that his spaceship had been destroyed.

He swiftly changed his focus to his main consciousness which was situated in the cockpit of The Eternal Nautilus.

When he requested Queen Ai to show him what happened to his Dark Diviant, he couldn't help but feel even more pissed off.

Manananggal had utterly released all of his anger and resentment on his spaceship as he had turned it into a blob of blood before he blew it under everyone's eyes!

Felix was mad not because he had lost most of his extra clones and spaceship, but mostly because everyone had seen this happening!

Ting Ting!!

As he expected. his AP bracelet began vibrating like there was no tomorrow with the number of messages he was receiving.

Felix wrote an email. planning to calm everyone with something made up.

But, just as he was about to send it, he realized that he could take advantage of this and also make the darkins look like absolute dog poop in front of the entire alliance's upper echelon!!

"Since you already decided to give up on your dignity completely. then don't mind me shattering it." Felix sneered as he requested an emergency meeting with all of the inner circle leaders.

Felix was no rat but in this case? He was definitely going to snitch on them!!