Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1287 Each With His Own Scheme.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

A few moments later, the meeting was held in the UVR and all of the alliance's leaders had attended it.

All of them had solemn expressions as they had just witnessed their grand supreme's spaceship turn in flames.

Before they could shed light on the matter, Felix appeared on his chair with a flash of light.

"King Maxwell!"

"What happened?!"

"Were you attacked by the demons?!"

A fiery of questions rained down on Felix before he could even adjust his seating.

"Relax, I am fine and it wasn't the demons." Felix shared.

"Then, who is daring enough to attack you?" Queen Alfreda frowned.

This question rang in everyone's minds as they knew that only retards would dare assault the grand supreme in the open like that...Forget about the entire alliance backing him up, his overbearing strength alone was enough to scare off anyone.

"Who else?" Felix sighed in frustration.

"Don't tell me?"

Most of the leaders were sharp enough to realize that only the darkins would dare assassinate the grand supreme!

They were at odds with each other and a blood ability was used to take down the spaceship!

Knowing that they wouldn't be certain without evidence, Felix showed them the latest recording of his clone.

It was more than enough to give away at least Manananggal.

"But how did you manage to escape if it was really Manananggal?" High Chieftain Lokaka asked with his eyes narrowed, "I am not saying that you are weak, but there is simply no way you can survive an attack from a primogenitor at such a close distance."

Everyone shared the same thought as primogenitors were just in a different realm than them and even with everything that Fleix had shown, they were convinced that he couldn't have survived that.

"I have always predicted that I will be ambushed by them from the start."

"That's why you have been using spatial imprisonment." King Treznor interjected with a surprised tone.

"Yes." Felix continued on without a change of expression, "Since I can't enter the wormhole while using it, I have switched to using a clone to bait the assassination. As you have seen, it has worked out perfectly."

'If the darkins heard your bullsh*t, they will totally lose it! Asna couldn't help but chuckle in amusement at his shameless lies.

He was literally trying to show himself to have outsmarted three primogenitors while in truth, he was just being too cautious about his safety and it paid off.

"As expected of the grand supreme. Even an assassination attempt from a primogenitor can't faze you!" King Treznor laughed out loud in delight.

"I can't believe a primogenitor will stoop this low and target a mortal...Deity my ass." Queen Allura cursed.

"They really have given up on their dignity once and for all." Queen Alfreda showed a distasteful look. "I am reporting this to my ancestor."

Even the inner circle leaders had displeasure and disappointment written all over their faces.

In their eyes, the alliance was at a crucial point in its life and everyone needed to be focused to handle those fearsome demons.

Yet, their grand supreme was almost killed in the first minute of stepping into the other side.

When even the inner circle reacted like this, the rest of the primogenitors had utter looks of disgust after hearing the news.

"They didn't just disrespect themselves but even Lord Khaos." Siren shook her head, "How can they expect to live in peace now that they have truly angered him?"

In the primogenitors' eyes, Lord Khaos was one of the few primogenitors that shouldn't be enemies with for a simple reason...His void realm allowed him to be anywhere and everywhere!

As they expected, the moment Manananggal made a move on Felix, Lord Khoas began his hunt!

"My clones are dying one by one."

Manananggal uttered with a suppressed tone as he watched his clones getting get kidnaped into the void realm and then erased from existence.

Some put a bit of resistance, but it was absolutely useless against Lord Khaos.

In less than a few minutes, more than fifty clones of Manananggal were deleted...Whether they were dormant or had wisps of consciousness controlling them.

It was an utter massacre across more than 60% of the entire universe and it happened in a few minutes at best!

"We still don't know for sure if he can come over here or not, but it's best to not give him a chance." Wendigo spoke with a serious tone, "I think we should travel towards the Paragon of Sins' slumber area...I doubt he will dare get so close to him."

Lord Loki merely told them that he was 80% sure about his information.

So, it was much better for them to act like Lord Khaos would come at them after he finished off most of Manananggal's clones.

"What about that f*cker?" Saurous gritted his teeth, "Do we just let him go this easily?"

"What else can we do?" Manananggal rubbed his temples to ease his headache, "He will most definitely send over his clones to oversee the conquest now that he is sure we are here."

"Our best attempt has ended up in a catastrophic failure and we can only lay low for now and work on Lord Loki's favor." Saurous sighed, "The last thing we need is to get that irritating bastard on our back too."

Obviously, they hadn't completely given up on ending Felix's life before he reached a deity level and become a whole new problem to them.

But, they knew that nothing much could be done on their part and they had to wait until Felix made a mistake and capitalize on it.

"Good thing the Paragon of Sins' resting place is in the center of the demons' seven realms. We can secure our safety while finishing the mission."

Without further ado, the darkins took off into the depth of the other side, knowing that it was going to take them a long while before reaching their destination.

After all, there wasn't any wormhole network of shortcuts to facilitate interstellar travel.

Unbeknownst to them, their assassination failed attempt didn't just upset them alone.

'Those bunch of losers! How can they proclaim themselves to be primogenitors when they can't even kill a hopeless mortal?' Nimo's alter ego cursed with a tone filled with pure resentment.

He waited and waited patiently for months and in the end? He was met with these depressing results.

He really thought that this was his perfect chance of breaking free once and for all from Nimo's soft personality, but alas...Fate had something else stored for him.

'If I can absorb neither void energy nor the seven sins laws. I should devour evil energy on the low to gain more control.' Nimo's alter ego narrowed its diabolical red eyes, 'This retard has no idea that we can absorb even evil energy so I can totally pull it off.'

When Nimo rejected the awakening and caused his alter ego to be born. all of the abilities, memories, and powerups from the awakening went to his alter ego alone.

So, he truly had no clue that he could absorb evil energy..Clearly, neither Felix nor his masters knew about it as well!

'Just you wait. I will be free at last and I will make you pay for every bit of humiliation you put me through!'

The moment he said so. Felix picked up Nimo and started rubbing his belly while he was giggling in enjoyment.

'Bastards!!' Nimo's alter ego's eyelids twitched as the sight was really too much for him to accept.

Just like he was planning to free himself one way or another, Felix hadn't stopped for a moment to force him into giving up and merging with Nimo.

In other words, this was a war of attrition to see if Nimo's alter ego would give up before he managed to gain control over his body!!