Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1288 Amaterasu's Descendants.

One hour later…

The assassination attempt situation had been put to rest by Felix and the alliance leaders, making them refocus on their conquest mission.

Felix was smart enough to use this situation to his advantage and make his peers accept that he would be using only his clones to lead them.

No one raised any objections as they were actually favoring him to do it.

With that, Felix didn't have to worry anymore about having his peers ask him to participate in a difficult battle or such.

"Any updates?" Felix inquired with a bored tone as he was seen chilling in his cockpit's spaceship with Mika massaging his shoulders gently.

Since he was using a useless clone, he could neither train nor even explore on his own, forcing himself to remain in his spaceship and wait for Intel.

Obviously, he could enter UVR and practice runic spells or such to help the main consciousness, but since that required total concentration, it wasn't going to end well when he could be interrupted at any moment.

"All of our fleets have reached their targeted destination through personal wormholes. They are now scanning for any life sign..."

Whoosh!

Before she could finish her statement, a sudden holographic screen appeared in front of Felix with a new face on it.

It was that of a stern-looking black elf with a thick gray beard, making him appear more like a human than a night elf...Especially when he was wearing a dignified commander's hat that hid his long unique ears.

"Grand Supreme. We have detected signs of civilization on planet seven." Commander Nethrael reported with a solemn tone.

"Show me."

Without further ado, commander Nethrael forwarded a holographic screen that seemed to be spying on a ruined city from outer space.

The city was a desolate wasteland, a haunting shell of its former glory.

Tattered banners hung limply from broken flagpoles. From the streets' wide size, Felix knew that they were once-bustling...But now? They seemed eerily silent.

Meanwhile, the buildings that had once stood tall and proud were crumbling ruins. Dust and debris coated everything, obscuring the vibrant colors of the past.

Yet, what's more surprising was the dots of red auras sitting under these rubbles.

"They must be living underground." Felix murmured, "Are they the survivors from a demon invasion or actual demons themselves?"

Although the red auras seemed humanoid, Felix knew that most lesser demons weren't too beastified.

"This isn't everything." Commander Nethrael forwarded multiple screens.

To Felix's surprise, some screens were showing bustling cities with millions of unique-looking individuals, walking or riding on peculiar horse-like animals.

The cities resembled the destroyed ones in both layout and design, but nothing was destroyed, making it shine its glory akin to a bright candle.

Felix knew immediately that they weren't demons as they seemed too angelic.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even from outer space, the camera was able to zoom in to the point Felix was able to see their distinctive features.

They were tall and slender with long lingers and delicate features. Their eyes were large and round, with irises that reflected the colors of a rainbow. They had small, pointed ears that can swivel in any direction.

Yet, what was most unique about them was their tiny wings that seemed to be made out of light itself!

Although they were extremely bright, they weren't blinding at all, like the light they were releasing was nothing but an illusion.

"Interesting...Are they light elementalists? Lost descendants of the light primogenitor, Amaterasu?"

Felix wondered.

'They do look like his previous descendants.' Thor answered.

'It's the Luminari Race and they are his descendants. The light primogenitor's main galaxy was around here before he decided to off himself.' Lady Sphinx confirmed it.

"I always wondered where the descendants of other primogenitors were. I guess they were here all along after Lord Shiva isolated them from the rest." Asna said.

"With the demons being this spread out, I doubt many of them remained." Felix frowned.

"Grand Supreme, we have located a demon civilization as well on the opposite side of the planet."

Commander Nethrael informed as he sent another holographic screen. At first sight, it was crystal clear that this city belonged to no one but demons.

It was a nightmarish labyrinth of twisted buildings and grotesque architecture.

The streets were lined with towering spires and jagged cliffs, and the buildings themselves seemed to writhe and pulse with otherworldly energy.

The sky overhead was a sickly shade of red, casting a sickly glow on everything below.

Strange creatures roamed the streets, their twisted forms reflecting the twisted nature of the city itself.

Demonic hounds slunk through the shadows, their eyes glowing with an eerie red light. Horned demons danced on the rooftops, leaping from building to building with unholy grace.

If Felix was down there, he would notice that the air was thick with the stench of sulfur and decay, a noxious haze that seemed to seep into every pore.

"Do we make contact with the natives?" Commander Nethrael inquired.

If this planet had only either demons or natives, he wouldn't have called Felix. But to have them both on one planet was too complex and needed new orders.

"Send a scouting squad towards the ruined city and make contact with the underground dwellers."

Felix ordered, "Try to get as much information as possible from them about the planet and hopefully the entire situation on the other side if they had a clue."

"As you command." Commander Nethrael nodded before hanging up.

The moment he was gone, the inner circle leaders' holographic screens appeared in front of Felix.

"Smart call, seeking information from those ruins' dwellers will ensure that we meet either the natives or the demons. Since they are isolated, we will be getting the information we need without needing to get into too much trouble." Fishermen Queen Everley approved.

Although the alliance clearly had a massive advantage when it came to technological advancement, it was still better to start small and move up.

After all, Felix didn't know if the bustling city of Amaterasu's descendants will have any undercover demons or not.

In a few minutes at best, the scouting squad's spaceship had landed in the center of the ruined city.

Since it was unknown if those red auras belonged to demons or not, the squad had a couple of powerful fighters capable of carrying their own weight.

'Queen Ai, what's the level of evil energy around us?' The squad's captain requested as he extended his AP Bracelet.

The AP Bracelet started to cover many Kilometers of range with a scanning blue hue for a couple of seconds before it disappeared.

'Calculating...Mildly dangerous.' Queen Ai answered.

The metal race didn't waste those months of waiting for the main army to arrive as they had taken with them many samples from the red planet and used them to come up with a method capable of calculating evil energy's intensity.

It had five levels, Clear, Neutral, Mildly dangerous, Dangerous, and Deadly.

This system was incorporated into a new batch of AP Bracelets and handed to everyone taking part in the exploration to help them detect it without needing to take off their spacesuits.

"We have to be quick in our exploration.' The squad's captain said.

'Better yet, take the targets back to our mothership and we will question them here.' Commander Nethrael ordered.

'On it.’

Without delay, the scouting squad searched for a way to the city's underground.

With the AP bracelet advanced scanning's system, it didn't take them much before they located a tight tunnel.

It was buried under a building's rubble in a way that allowed those inside to exit it but made it almost impossible to spot it from the outside.

'Hold it here." The squad's captain ordered as he turned himself into a shadow and went through the dark tunnel.

As a shadowborn, he was born for such missions.

In a few moments at best, he reached the end of the tunnel and was met with the sight of a depressingly small camping zone.

There were a few rugged tents here and there... The only source of light was a fire camp in the center, where many Luminaris seemed hurdled up for heat.

Unlike the Luminaris in the bustling city. they seemed malnourished and boney like they hadn't eaten a proper meal in months.

'They don't seem dangerous. but don't let down your guard Talouk.' Commander Nethrael warned.

'Umm.' The squad's captain Talouk made a noise of acknowledgement and returned to the shadow realm.

The next time he appeared, it was from the fire's shadow..Before the Luminaris could react to his jump scare, he released a potent sleeping poison that caused all of them to drop to the ground.

Then. he cast a massive shadow around them and dragged them into the tunnel without making any noise.

Only the fire remained crackling inside the depressing cave as everyone was kidnapped and taken into the mothership.

"Wake them up." Commander Nethrael ordered as he stared at the row of Luminaris cuffed on chairs from behind a glass window.

While they might seem weak and hopeless. Commander Nethrael still took the proper precaution and dealt with them per protocol.

Author Notice:

Today I will be visiting the hospital with my friend to check on his brother who had gotten into a motorcycle incident.

Mid Gard