Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

One of the crewmates pressed a button on the metallic wall and stepped back.

He watched the sealed-shut glass room get filled with yellow smoke for a few seconds before it got sucked inside the vents.

Argh...Uhm...

One by one, the Luminaris began opening their muddled rainbow-like eyes.

When they started looking around them and seeing their unfamiliar location, fear and agitation started engulfing their hearts and minds.

Cling! Cling!

The first thought that came to their minds was jumping away, but the solid silver shackles kept them affixed to the chairs.

Oobahara! Oobahara!...

One by one, they started yelling gibberish at each other with clear signs of worry and fear. Since the glass window was one side see-through, they didn't spot the commander and his crew but only their reflection.

"As expected, the language barrier is going to be tough to break without any clues." Queen Alfreda said.

The other leaders agreed with her...With Queen Ai's processing power, she can perfectly learn any language in less than a second as long as she had the grammar, vocabulary, and linguistics.

But, the leaders knew that it would be difficult to get them when they had no way of communicating with these Luminaris or the internet to hack.

'Masters, do you know their language?' Felix inquired.

He knew that they had plenty of interactions with the light primogenitor before he offed himself, so it was more than possible for them to learn his people's language.

After all, the common universal language was created after the foundation of the alliance.

'Yes.' Jormungandr confirmed it.

'Is it possible to share it with Queen Ai?"

'Sure.'

Jormungandr logged in to the UVR and gave Queen Ai all she needed to master the Luminaris language.

"Commander, try to use Queen Ai for translation now." Felix disclosed.

"Hmmm? Okay."

Commander Nethrael did as he was told even though he was a bit skeptical.

He pressed a button and the window became see-through, scaring the Luminaris out of their wits when they saw them pop off in front of them.

Ohana Maro ni, Oni! Oni!Thi/s chapter is updat𝓮d by nov(e)(l)biin.co/m

While they were trembling in their chairs in fear, the Luminari in the center was the only one shouting at the commander and his crew with a pitiful look of beseechment.

"Queen, please translate."

"He said: please let us go, demons." Queen Ai translated monotonously.

"I guess they see us as demons even though our races are obviously different." Commander Nethrael requested, "Tell them that we are not demons and we have no plans of harming them. We have taken them under our custody to gain information and hopefully become allies."

Queen Ai used the Luminaris language to relay the information through the speakers.

pαndα,noνɐ1,сoМ Albeit startled by her voice, their expressions couldn't help but turn somewhat surprised by what she said.

The Luminaris looked at each other with dazed looks and started discussing with each other. Commander Nethrael made Queen Ai translate anything they said, allowing them to hear their conversation.

"Big brother, are they trying to trick us?" A boney fragile looking girl asked while peeking at the glass window with a tint of suspicion.

"The Netherlings demons are straightforward in their desires. I can't see them going through all of this trouble to just eat what remained of our purities." The man in the center replied with a serious tone.

Everyone seemed to have taken him as their leader as they kept looking up to him.

"They don't even look like demons...Are they really from other races or they are demons of another species." A much older Luminari with a grey beard mumbled, appearing like he would drop dead if he spoke any louder.

Before the Luminaris could continue their discussion, Commander Nethrael said, "We are not demons and my subordinate will prove it to you."

Before the Luminaris could react, a delicate snow-white elf in an army spacesuit went through the door and stood in front of them.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The Luminaris tensed up reflexively in fear, but the snow elf managed to put them at ease with a simple gentle smile.

"It's okay..." She said as she created multiple fragrant flowers and placed them on their laps.

The flowers released a soothing scent that made them relax their shoulders and enjoy it with open arms.

"Smells so good..."

"This...Flowers from thin air...What kind of sorcery is this?"

Each Luminari had his own reaction to the first time seeing a runic spell in action. But none of them had any more doubts that they were dealing with demons.

They had spent their entire lives battling them and they knew that just their existence alone made it impossible to misidentify them due to their evil energy.

The snow elf wasn't releasing an ounce of evil energy, which was impossible for even higher-level demons to do.

The moment Commander Nethrael saw their change of attitude, he freed them from their shackles and said with a solemn tone, "We have came from a very far place and we know almost nothing about the demons and such, is it possible to share some knowledge? We will take great care of you in return."

When the Luminaris heard this, their expression seemed to have brightened up akin to seeing their savior...Some of them even had a bit of tears in their eyes.

With their fragile bodies and dirty appearance, the sight really made everyone wonder what kind of hell they had been put through by the demons.

An hour later...

The Luminaris could be seen sitting around one big table that was packed with emptied messy dishes like a tornado had gone through it.

They were sitting with bulging stomachs and wide satisfied smiles like they had just eaten the most delicious meal in their lives.

After gaining a bit of trust from each other, Commander Nethrael gave them new clothes, took them to the showers, and showed them their new rooms.

To end his hospitality in a great manner, he gave them the best meal possible until none of them were able to add even a drop of water.

Throughout all of this, he didn't bother to ask them anything about demons.

It was best to seek out information after treating them so they would trust them to tell the truth.

After giving them some time to digest the food, Commander Nethrael transferred them into the meeting room and sat with them.

After spending a few minutes of introduction, Commander Nethareal went straight to the point.

"First of all, can you please tell me the name of the planet, solar system, or even the stellar territory we are in?"

"You really don't know??" Big brother Jakrka raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"As I said. we have come from a very far place."

"Far place.."

Although he found it hard to believe since he knew that demons had reached every corner of the universe. he still anwsered the question.

"We call the planet Lumurous but after the Netherling demons invaded us, they started calling it Netherland. Our solar system is called Revria N1 while the entire steller territory is referred to as.." Jakrka sighed in defeat, "The Seventh Demon Realm, Tartarus."

"Seventh Demon Realm, Tartarus." Felix knitted his eyebrows, "Doesn't this mean there are six more demon realms??"

The inner circle leaders all shared solemn expressions as they kept looking at each other.

They shared one realization and that was the entire other side must have already fallen completely to the demons’