Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1291 The Return of The Samurai.

After the commander exited the meeting room and closed the door behind him, the Luminaris still seemed sorrowful.

"Are you thinking about them?" Luminari elder Hognora asked with a bitter smile as he eyed Jakrka.

"Sigh..." Jakrka merely gave him a somber look before he closed his eyes.

Memories of the horror his city went through kept flashing in his mind, making it impossible for his heart to remain settled.

He lost all of his family members to the demons' invasion, from his wife to his two children.

As the man of the family, he was already ashamed that he was one of the few Luminaris that managed to avoid the demons' clutches.

But he was still hanging on by a thin string of hope that his family might not be dead yet even when they were kidnapped by the demons.

"Do you think we should request help from these people?" One of the Luminaris suggested with a soft tone.

"It's best to not get them involved in our mess...They already helped us a lot." Jakrka shook his head.

He desperately wanted to ask for a favor and his pride wasn't the one holding him back...He just felt that it was beyond ungrateful to put this impossible mission on his savior's back.

Even the Luminaris' royal family wouldn't help them out since no one dared to get close to the Netherlings' territory due to the potency of evil energy being off the roof.

In other words, the moment people get taken by demons to their territory, their fate was sealed to be either demonized or killed.

Unbeknownst to them, the meeting room was equipped with security cameras and microphones, allowing Felix and the others to hear everything they said.

"What do you think?" Queen Allura asked as she eyed Felix.

"If we want to have this planet under our grasp, we have to get rid of the Netherlings one way or another." Felix replied calmly, "Tell them what they want to hear and extract every piece of information from them."

From all the information in his pocket at the moment, Felix had concluded that demons could never coexist with the alliance.

It wasn't because they were evil but just because their fight against evil energy corruption would make it impossible for them to just sit tight and play friends.

It was in their instinct to devour whatever was pure to keep their rationality intact, which meant they were hard-wired to be enemies with anything that wasn't corrupted.

In other words, Felix had absolutely no intention of befriending or allying with a single demon and planned to eradicate them from existence at first glance!

A couple of hours later...

Felix could be seen docking his spaceship inside the eleventh Gamma Mothership.

All of the planets in this solar system had been found to be either inhabitable or utterly void of life besides Netherland and Gorrana.

Since Gorrana had already been conquered, there was no point in staying near it.

After Felix entered the Mothership, he was escorted to Commander Nethrael's commanding room, which was the cockpit.

"Grand Supreme." Commander Nethrael gave a formal army greeting with his crewmates to Felix the moment he stepped inside the cockpit.

"At ease." Felix sat on the first empty chair in his sight and said, "How far have you gone with the preparation?"

"We are ready to start. We have located all dungeons where the demons hold the captives." Commander Nethrael said as he displayed multiple holographic screens before Felix.

Each screen was showing a massive labyrinth-like underground dungeon mapped out using torches or whatever sources of light were inside of it.

The best giveaway was the humanoid infrared auras of thousands of people hurdled up in small cramped cells.

Those dungeons weren't really situated all under the demonic city but across the entire Netherlings' region.

"What's the plan?" Felix asked.

"First, we will send one-star fleets to each dungeon that's outside of the city. They will remain hidden in the sky above them while our main force will airstrike the city. When we finish with them, we can free the captives without worrying about reinforcements." Commander Nethrael shared his strategy.

"How about the captives under the city? Won't they get affected massively by the airstrike?" Felix inquired.

"We are planning on sending down an elite task force that is able to free those captives and bring them back to safety in the least amount of time." Commander Nethrael ensured, "We will start our airstrike only after they manage to rescue the captives."

"Good." Felix approved.

In the past hours, Jakrka and his people laid out everything on the table for the alliance after hearing that they are planning on taking down the demons with or without their information.

This made them over the moon as they were finally presented with real hope of saving their families.

Albeit skeptical about how they would do it, Jakrka still put his trust in them and told them everything he knew about the Netherlings.

As Felix anticipated, children of ages lower than ten were treated as premium goods by the demons while children under five were seen as products for only the Netherlings' King.

Since evil energy had no respect for the demons' rules and laws, the demons used the most hideous and traumatizing method to keep their captives safe from evil energy.

Speaking about the devil, a crewmate swiftly forwarded a new holographic screen as he reported, "Commander, we have detected a new demonic caravan!"

Felix's eyelids turned cold the moment he spotted a long dusty caravan that consisted of humanoid long-horned demons and disgustingly looking monsters dragging behind them massive metallic wagons.

The wagons resembled movable prison cells as it was possible to see through the bars. Unlike anyone's expectations, there was not a Luminari seen inside those cells.

Just a bunch of coffins stacked up one above the other. If one looked closely, he would realize that those coffins were made out of the same material as the demonic statue!

Flesh, bones, and organs blended up together until they became solid material.

What made Felix's blood boil was the sight of small coffins no bigger than half a meter.

He knew exactly that alive kids and even toddlers were kept in those disgusting and absolutely horrendous coffins...

Felix could accept many sh*tty things, but when it came to innocent children no older than ten years or even five years?

He just could not stand still and watch them go through this hellish experience even if they were from another race.

"Their path is leading to the demons' city. I think it's best to deal with them before they reach it as they might end up in the crossfire." Felix suggested with a cold tone.

"My thoughts exactly." Commander Nethrael nodded.

Without further ado, the commander gave out the order to the nearest fleet to the caravan.

As the sun began to set over the barren wasteland, the caravan emerged from the rocky terrain.

The demons leading it had their eyes glow with an eerie shade of red as they made their way toward the distant demon city on the horizon.

The demons were unlike any others that had been seen before. They were tall and lean, with sharp, angular features and long, sinewy limbs.

Their skin was a deep shade of obsidian, and it shimmered in the fading light as if it were covered in a layer of fine dust.

Each of the demons was adorned with intricate jewelry made from precious metals and gems.

The caravan was led by a powerful demon, his imposing figure looming over the others. He wore a crown made from polished bone, and his eyes burned with fierce intelligence.

Behind him, the other demons marched in perfect formation, their movements synchronized and precise.

"Hehehe, we will be getting paid handsomely by King Akshan after he sees the number of premium goods in our possession." Beleth said with a devilish wide grin as he stared at his captain.

His language was miles different that Luminaris or any other language as it resembled two metallic objects clacking with each other most of the time.

"I am getting hungry just thinking about it." One of the demons near him licked his lips while his body shivered in pure ecstasy.

"Don't let your guard down, the other f*ckers will definitely attempt to steal our goods and we will be left with nothing to show off." Demon Captain Tchort warned with a cold tone.

While Captain Tchort had his own rank and own lesser demons signing a soul contract with him, he was still considered one of the many followers of the King of the Netherlings, Akshan.

This implied that all of his squad was under the authority of King Akshan even if those lesser demons hadn't signed a direct soul contract with him.

Because of this diversion, there wasn't really any iron-clad friendship or loyalty between demon captains under King Akshan.

In other words, they wouldn't hesitate to take their stuff and leave them dead on the road, waiting to get revived by evil energy.

King Akshan wouldn't punish either party as long as he get his food delivered to him.

"You are worrying too much captain, hehe, we found those products hiding underground tower by chance and no one knows about them but us...How can they f..."

Slice!

Before Beleth could finish his sentence, the words were cut off his throat as his head was suddenly decapitated before anyone could react...

Thud!

The severed head flew a couple of meters in the air before landing on the road.

The speeding Caravan left it behind while the nearby demons were seen staring at the headless corpse of Beleth with stunned looks.

Slice Slice Slice!..

Alas, before this scene could register in their minds, other demons' heads began flying in the air across the entire caravan without an ounce of resistance!

Clingg!!

The only one who managed to escape the assassination was Captain Tchort as he instinctively placed his polarizing claws right in front of his neck, which resulted in sparks flying over instead of his head!

"Not bad..."

A humanoid feathery white owl suddenly appeared as silent as the wind above the ceiling of the captain's wagon.

He was wearing a tight white spacesuit and a helmet that resembled a kabuto.

He was carrying a long breathtaking but dangerously looking katana. His entire attire made him resemble the ancient Japanese samurai.

The katana was placed near his waist. allowing the disgusting demon's blood to drop from the tip.Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"Who are you?!!" Demon Captain Tchort yelled furiously as he raised his guard to the limit.

"Me???"

The humanoid owl seemed to have understood him perfectly...He lifted his katana and pointed it at Demon Captain Tchort...Then, he uttered with an icy tone, "I am your Executioner."