1294 Is It Really A Coincidence?

Felix looked at Mika and saw that she was also looking back at him with the same baffled look.

"Woman, I think you are mistaking me for someone else." Felix said with a deep frown, "Do you see me releasing any evil energy?"

Luminaris' Queen first thought Felix was messing with her to ease his boredom. But, when she finally gathered her sh*t together and looked at him carefully, she realized that there wasn't an ounce of evil energy around him.

"Huh? It can't be..."

With a startled and confused expression, she slowly stood back up on her feet.

"What can't be? How can you have mistaken my liege for a demon king? Who even is this demon king that made you forsake your dignity like this?" Mika fired a chain of questions with a serious tone.

"You really aren't demon king Lucifer?" The Queen still seemed unable to accept this truth as she kept sizing up Felix from top to bottom.

"I am King Maxwell, the grand supreme of the SGAlliance. I came here with my people to free everyone from the demonic enslavement." Felix introduced himself with a noble cause to be looked at with a good perspective.

After all, no one would like the sound of the alliance coming here to conquer everything.

"SGAlliance...Freeing from the demonic enslavement?" The Queen murmured with a look of bewilderment.

Not saying much, Felix displayed two holographic screens in front of the Queen.

One showed the current erased Netherling's city and the other was displaying all of the Luminaris' captives sleeping in medical pods.

"Is that!" The Queen covered her mouth in shock, not daring to believe what her eyes were feeding her.

"Sit down, we have a lot to talk about." Felix said calmly.

Knowing that it was difficult to trust him, Felix took his time to explain everything to the Queen.

With the abundance of evidence backing him up, the Queen had no choice but to believe him and accept everything that she heard even when he was a spitting image of the infamous demon king Lucifer.

After an hour or less of such discussion, both parties seemed more comfortable with each other...Mika awakened the rest of the royal family while the alliance hid the mothership from the sky to avoid any more chaos arising in the city.

As for the Luminaris Queen, she introduced herself as the twelfth ruler Melisande Danika.

She finally acted as a respectful host and brought them to the meeting room to continue their discussion...Some of the royal family attended the meeting too.

"I really can't believe it...There was a much bigger universe on the other side of the eternal darkness."

Queen Danika shook her head, seemingly still having difficulty wrapping this idea in her mind even when she was shown more than enough evidence.

"There aren't demons there and all races are living in harmony and order...I'm starting to think that's more like paradise." Prince Callum uttered with an excited tone.

He was her son and the only heir to the throne after the king had passed away during the most brutal and cruel demon invasion the Luminaris had ever gone through in their history.

"You are all free to join as an alliance member. You will be subjected to the same rules and terms as every member while at the same time, you will benefit from everything the alliance can offer." Felix said calmly.

"What's the alternative?"

Queen Danika asked even though she had already made up her mind to join the alliance as it would be foolish to refuse the recruitment.

"You will be treated somewhat better than the demons." Felix replied with a stoic expression.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The moment the royal family members heard this, chills coursed down their spine after recalling a recording shown to them of the demon city getting absolutely obliterated in a split second.

They all knew the SGAlliance was just as fearsome as demons if not scarier.

"How do we join?" Queen Danika smiled.

"Before that, I believe you owe me an explanation." Felix narrowed his eyes at her.

"About that..."

Queen Danika looked at her son and family members, then she excused them from the meeting against their silent protests.

When it was just her, Felix, and Mika, she pointed her slender finger at the air and began waving it around.

As she moved her finger through the air, a trail of shimmering light followed in its wake. With each delicate gesture, the

light grew more complex, weaving and looping in intricate colorful patterns that seemed to take on a life of their own.

Queen Danika's eyes were fixed on the ethereal canvas before her, her lips pursed in concentration as she continued to shape the vibrant hues with her fingertips.

As the colors swirled and danced around her, a faint hum filled the air as if the very fabric of reality were vibrating in response to the woman's magic.

It was clear that this was no ordinary art; it was a manifestation of her raw creativity and perfect manipulation of light wavelengths to gain access to all colors.

Before Felix and Mika could wake up from such a mesmerizing art form, Queen Danika pulled back her finger and introduced with a slight tremor in her voice, "This is demon king Lucifer, the first natural born demon from pure evil energy."

"You're screwing with me, right?"

Felix was left utterly speechless as the three-dimensional piece of art she made was that of himself!!

Tall overbearing man with shoulder-length crimson hair, two dark demonic horns, gray ashy skin, and almost a replica of his facial features!

The only difference was that the root gemstone in his forehead, the skin cracks, and nine sacred royal gemstones weren't there.

"You understand now why I misidentified you?" Queen Danika smiled wryly, "The resemblance is just too uncanny."

'It sure is.' Asna remarked with a curious tone.

"Well, your appearance is quite demonic, so this demon king Lucifer isn't the one looking like you, you are the one taking after his appearance...Plus, he was born much earlier than you.' Candace reasoned.

'That's true...But the resemblance is really too uncanny. It's like we were cut from the same mold.' Felix murmured as he got his face close to the light painting before him.

'Hehehe, she said that he was the first demon born out of pure evil energy...Yet, he has taken your features, I guess evil recognizes evil after all.' Asna giggled in amusement.

'Shut up.' Felix's eyelids twitched at her teasing.

'Is this really just a coincidence, though?' Jormungandr frowned.

'Huh? Can it be anything else?"

Asna and the others were somewhat taken aback by his suspicion.

In their eyes, even though it seemed weird for Felix to resemble the demon king Lucifer's appearance, they were sure it was nothing but a coincidence.

After all, Felix's facial features weren't that unique to not have a single person in the entire universe not match them.

'I don't know, after what happened during Lord Zurvan's visit, I find it hard to believe in such coincidences anymore."

Jormungandr disclosed.

'You think it's those beings doing?' Thor narrowed his eyes.

'Hmm?"

When those beings were included in the conversation, Lord Shiva lowered his three--eyed sunglasses and watched the tenants up close with an interested expression.

"Well, if they were really the ones leaving the sealing hall for Felix to mess with him and Asna, then who can say that they didn't create an evil version of him for the sake of their entertainment?' Jormungandr suspected, 'We just found out that almost everyone in the universe is for their entertainment..It's not too far-fetched to believe the rest.'

'But, the demon king Lucifer must have been born tens of millions of years ago if not hundreds of millions. Do you really think they will go so far as to prepare this much just to create an entertaining scenario??' Thor doubted.

'You guys have no clue what those f*ckers will do to make their lives just slightly more amusing." Lord Shiva snickered.

"This is nothing to them.'

When even Lord Shiva supported this theory, Felix and Asna stopped taking this matter as a joke..But still, there wasn't really much to work with as they only had a mere resemblance to Felix.

"We have to learn more about this demon king Lucifer. If those beings really had a hand in this. then there must be some hints left behind.'

Even if this theory was far, far too fetched, Felix would rather investigate it like it was true and see where it would lead him.

Without further ado. Felix refocused on Queen Danika and asked with a solemn tone, "Please tell me everything you know about this guy, 'Lucifer'."