Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1295 A Shocking Theory!

"Well, I don't know much more than what was released by the demons themselves to the public." Queen Danika shared,

"Demon King Lucifer is said to be the first prince demon born out of evil energy and he was followed by the remaining six princes. Unlike them, the rest of the demons across the entire universe are born out of the corruption of the living."

"If he is a prince, why are you referring to him as a demon king?"

"All of the seven princes are considered demon kings in their own demon realms. But only Lucifer can be proclaimed as the sole demon king of all seven demon realms due to him being the strongest, most authoritative prince, plus having the biggest demon realm of them all."

"The remaining princes were at peace with this at the beginning since they couldn't beat him to the throne, but after the demon king Lucifer went into isolation at the depth of his realm for more than hundreds of thousands of years, the six princes have been vying to dethrone him for real."

"Isolation at the depth of his realm for such a long time?" Felix frowned, "Doesn't he care that he will lose his throne?"

"I don't know, and no one really knows what's in his mind...Not even the demon princes." Queen Danika shook her head.

"Does anyone know what he is doing in his isolation?"

"Well, there are some rumors." Queen Danika shared, "I have heard that he is praying in front of The Darkness Well for the Demon God to awaken and lead the demons to a better place."

"Darkness Well? Demon God? Leading to a better place? What are you talking about?"

The more Felix heard about the demons the more confused he got.

Unlike Queen Danika and others, he knew about the universe true higher up and he had never heard of the existence of a demon god, which made him assume that it was more of a religious belief.

Queen Danika confirmed it.

"Demons are believed to have been born because of the Darkness Well. I never saw it before but from the ancient documentation of my ancestors, it's a pitch-black hole that is releasing the most potent and purest form of evil energy in the entire universe. No one knows what's inside the pitch-black hole as anyone who went through it gets erased instantly from existence."

"With this kind of omnipotence and source of demons being related heavily to the Darkness Well, the demons started to believe that their god was living inside and considered the Darkness Well as their sacred worshipping ground."

'A pitch-black hole that emits potent evil energy and kills anyone stepping inside of it...Doesn't it remind you of something?' Felix asked as he looked at the tenants inside his consciousness space.

'A Void Rift?' Candace inquired.

'Exactly.' Felix nodded.

'You don't think?"

'I do, is there anything else that makes more sense?" Felix replied with a serious tone.

Evil energy, demons, a slumbering Paragon of Sins, uncontrollable pressure, Darkness Well, Demon God, and the list goes on.

When Felix connected the dots, he couldn't help but reach a reasonable but mind blowing truth.

'Evil energy's main source is the Paragon of Sins, which means those demons are born because of him!"

In Felix's mind, if the 'Darkness Well' was nothing but a natural-born permanent void rift that was opened extremely close to the Paragon of Sins slumber's area, then it wasn't farfetched to assume that he had a correlation to the birth of the demons.

As for the evil energy? While not even primogenitors seemed to know that it was related to the Paragon of Sins, he was considered the evilest entity in the universe by default.

If literal energy based on evil existed in the universe, it was sensible to assume that the Paragon of Sins had a hand in it!

Since demons were considered as a newly born race like humans, dragons, elves, and such races without connection to primogenitors' family tree, Felix discerned that the universe had given birth to the first seven demons after the potent evil energy interacted with something outside of the void realm.

'Do you think my theory is correct?' Felix asked as he looked at Lady Sphinx.

'I can't confirm it, but based on our current Intel, it's the closest to the truth.' Lady Sphinx replied.

It was a solid theory and Lady Sphinx had already considered it way before but because there wasn't any concrete evidence to support it, she had no reason to publish it.

"This is really shocking. Even while he is asleep, he is still spreading chaos in the universe.' Thor commented.

'Are you saying demons are actually the void creatures' cousins?' Candace wasn't too pleased with this assumption.

'Most likely, but it's still weird that demons can't survive void energy or interact with it while you guys also can't manipulate evil energy.' Felix frowned.

Felix had already made Mika and many other void nation's subordinates attempt to freely interact with the evil energy.

But instead of getting corrupted like the living, the evil energy completely ignored their existence...At the same time, they couldn't control it to do anything for them.

It was like both parties acknowledging each other's existence but had no effect on the other.

Meanwhile, the demons' interaction with void energy was just as brutal as anyone without immunity...But, Felix wasn't planning to take these results as the final verdict since the seven princes were clearly born out of a different mold than the rest of the demons.

"Well, we do have a little Paragon of Sins in our hands." Asna suggested lazily, 'Just see if he can control evil energy, a demon or such. If the other paragon can do it, so can Nimo."

'Already planning to do it." Felix sighed in relief, 'Good thing we didn't send Nimo with my main consciousness."

Felix kept Nimo with his clone the moment he realized that other void creatures could not enter the void realm due to the Paragon of Sins' uncounterable pressure.

He didn't think that this decision would come in handy much sooner than anticipated.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

For now, he decided to continue getting information about Lucifer and the other princes.

"Sorry for spacing out." Felix apologized first before asking, "Do the demon king and other princes have different kinds of powers than lesser demons? Like the ability to grant wishes, get bigger through food, manipulate people with lust, or such unique abilities?"

"Hmmm, not that I know of?" Queen Danika placed a finger on her lips as she recalled, "I don't know about the abilities you named, but I know that they can manipulate almost all elements by corrupting them first with evil energy."

"Heeeh??" Felix's eyes widened in shock at the sound of that.

"You didn't know??" Queen Danika showed a stern expression before warning him, "You should not underestimate those princes. Their manipulation of evil energy is so great they can swiftly corrupt any solid, liquid, gas, or energy-based element and be able to manipulate it too."

"For example. if they were fighting against a fire elementalist, any fire ability used against them will be turned into corrupted dark flames and it will gain the properties of evil energy. This means the fire elementalist will have no control over it and the princes can use it to corrupt him."

"That's indéed worrisome."

Felix was told that evil energy could corrupt even elements. but he didn't expect that the demon princes could take advantage of it this much.

It literally made them immune to all elements that weren't considered concepts or forceful enough to ignore the corruption like void energy.

"I am not done yet." Queen Danika added, "What's scary about them the most is the fact that they can get resurrected in any area of the universe as long as they have a mere hair strand or a body part near an evil energy source."

"This means they are unkillable even if you used that powerful laser weapon!!"