Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1297 Busting Nimo's Alter Ego!

"Understandable." Felix nodded before sharing, ''By the way, we have rescued some survivors living underneath a ruined city...They told us that the city was recently invaded like in a couple of years back or less."

"That must be the city of Samaria." Queen Danika sighed, "It's the furthest city from the capital. If our source of communication hasn't been cut off from them. I would have told them to drop their weapons and surrender like us."

"That's unfortunate...Anyhow, I believe we have spoken enough for today. I will send my subordinates to handle your recruitment process. You can share the news with the citizens and let them know that their days of darkness are over."

"I don't know how can I ever thank you for your help...You are truly our savior."

"Just help us out with recruiting other races during our upcoming exploration. We need a native to make it easier to convince others."

After finishing his piece with a smile, Felix took off from within a spatial portal and reappeared on his spaceship.

The rest of the integration could be handled by the appropriate alliance's staff.

A couple of hours later, the city was packed with festivities as the Luminaris were all celebrating their successful recruitment to the SGAlliance and the elimination of their mortal enemies, The Netherlings.

Most of the captives had woken up and regrouped with their family members, making their day just get even better.

As the ones responsible for fulfilling those wishes, the SGAlliance had been praised and glorified by the Luminaris.

This successful conquest and rescue story had been edited and shared with the public, gaining even more applause and gratification from the SGAlliance's citizens.

Right now, the alliance's staff were focusing on fortifying the city defenses with their advanced technologies and also handing out AP Bracelets and teaching the Luminaris how to use them.

Unlike the situation with the Earthlings, the Luminaris were helped to hasten their integration since their planet was one of the Alliance's first strongholds on the other side.

While all of this was happening, Felix was focusing on his own experiment.

"Nothing?"

Eee Eee!

"Hmmm, is our original theory wrong fundamentally?" Felix pondered as he watched Nimo fooling around with a piece of Beelzebub's demonic statue.

It was still releasing a tiny bit of evil energy and Felix handed it to Nimo so he could test out if it was possible for him to manipulate it.

Unfortunately, Nimo seemed detached from the evil energy.

"It's highly unlikely that it's wrong. It makes too much sense to be wrong." Asna said.

"Then? Why isn't he responding to evil energy?" Felix held his chin thoughtfully, "Nimo is the Paragon of Sins replacement so he is supposed to be his perfect copy."

"Maybe he hasn't awakened it yet?" Asna probed, "Nimo can't even use the seven sins laws as well as his alter's ego.

Maybe evil energy manipulation and such could be unlocked only after his awakening?"

"That makes sense." Felix supported.

He had already noticed the massive difference between Nimo and his alter ego when it came to law manipulation.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"If Nimo doesn't know he can control evil energy, then his alter ego should know." Felix narrowed his eyes, "How do we get him to cooperate though?"

Felix knew that bastard would most definitely either lie to them or ignore them completely.

"Ask him and see." Asna shrugged her shoulders.

"I got it." Felix smirked, "Nimo, can you bring out your alter ego?"

Eee Eee...

Nimo's facial expression got annoyed at the request, clearly, he didn't want to let that prick out, but he still obliged.

Whoosh!

Akin to a dragon arising, Nimo's alter ego emerged from the little raccoon...He lowered his horse-like head and gave Felix a condescending glare.

"What?"

Unbeknownst to Felix and the others, he was feeling a bit nervous at the thought of his secret plan getting found out before he could even kick it off.

"Be honest, can you manipulate evil energy?" Felix asked in a straightforward manner.

"Even if I could, you think I will tell you? Idiot." Nimo's alter ego scoffed.

"So, you're telling me you can manipulate it? That's good to hear."

"No! I said even if I can manipulate it I won't say it!"

"All I am hearing is that you can manipulate it and you refuse to accept it."

"Stop twisting my words! I can't manipulate it! Alright?!"

"Now you are just trying to gaslight me."

"Choose whatever you want to believe, you annoying prick!"

"I choose to believe that you can control it and you are hiding it for some reason."

"Argh, I am done here! Don't f*cking call me again!"

With a series of censored angry curses, Nimo's alter ego went away as swiftly as he appeared.

"I don't know why is he always so mad." Felix said with an innocent look.

Asna ignored his shameless innocent act and asked, "You really think he can manipulate evil energy and possibly even demons but he is hiding it?"

"Let's ask the expert." Felix inquired, "Master, was he telling the truth?"

"No." Lady Sphinx replied calmly.

"Now we have a certain answer." Felix smirked faintly.

Felix wanted Nimo's alter ego to directly say that he couldn't control evil energy so Lady Sphinx's lie radar would be activated.

If he kept his answer vague and ambiguous, it would have been much more difficult!

'Bastard!"

Nimo's alter ego didn't like falling into this trap one bit as his resentment towards Felix just got worse.

"Now that we have confirmed it, the demons were really born because of the Paragon of Sins." Felix sighed.

Felix would have been much happier with these results if Nimo and his alter ego were merged.

After all, those demons would be turned into his subordinates just like the void creatures with Nimo's innate domination.

This would make this conquest end in less than a couple of years at best.

"That irritating prick doesn't seem like he is planning on giving up anytime soon." Felix said with a vexed tone as he rubbed Nimo's belly.

"You should work harder on helping them merge together." Lady Sphinx warned, "If Nimo's alter ego can manipulate evil energy, this means he can also absorb it. Since Nimo has absolutely no control over evil energy, he can't stop him even if he wanted."

Felix and Asna were left startled as this issue didn't come up in their minds at all!

"Sh*t, maybe this bastard wasn't giving up because of this?" Felix narrowed his eyes coldly.

He realized that if Nimo's alter ego was truly plotting to gain control in this manner, then there was no reason for him to consider the merge in the first place!

'Damn it, damn it, damn it!" Nimo's alter ego wasn't pleased in the slightest by getting found out this early.

He knew that even if they kept Nimo around, they would make sure that he never come close to evil energy.

"I am done playing games. This is getting too dangerous, we need a new way to either force the merge or get rid of him."

Asna noted with an icy tone.

Asna loved Nimo dearly, but he proved to be a walking time bomb and they had no idea when it would blow in Felix's face.

If she had to be a cold b*tch for Felix's safety and send Nimo away, then so be it.

"We can just keep him away from evil energy."

"No, he will find another way to gain control." Asna stressed, '"Your method isn't working and it's foolish to keep giving him free time like this."

"Then what am I supposed to do? Don't suggest throwing Nimo away." Felix said with a stern tone.

Felix would rather keep on trying to humiliate Nimo's alter ego until he gave in than send Nimo away.

For starters, he couldn't do that to Nimo as he considered him as a family. Secondly, he believed that it was best to keep Nimo around him to supervise him.

After all, if his alter's ego won the battle and gained control, there was a good chance that he would hunt down Felix as a payback for all the humiliation he went through.

He was already struggling against three primogenitors, he had no plans to add a literal Unigin to his enemies list.

"You can't even solve this and you want my destruction manipulation?" Lord Shiva suddenly mocked.

"..." Felix remained silent.

He knew that each primogenitor had criteria to bestow their perfect manipulations.

While he had gotten it easy with other primogenitors, Lord Shiva clearly had many doubts about him even with all of his achievements.

That's because he was one of the few ones who knew how terrifying those beings were.

So. unless Felix managed to convince him of his potential, he could forget about earning his perfect manipulation.

Felix closed his eyes and got in the zone to brainstorm a solution to this predicament.

'Lord Shiva is always a silent observant. Yet, he commentated on this situation..This signifies that he found a method to solve this problem. Since no one else has figured it out, it must be related to his destruction element."

Felix didn't know if he was on the right track or not, but he kept brainstorming, 'Is there really a way to use a destruction ability to handle this situation??'

Felix started by applying each destruction ability in his possession to this dilemma and seeing if one would stick.

When he reached concept destruction trident and applied it in multiple different ways, it finally clicked in his mind.

'How did I miss this?!" Felix exclaimed, 'I can use concept destruction trident to mark Nimo's alter ego consciousness and erase it from existence, leaving only Nimo's consciousness!!'