Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1298 The Plan To Get Rid of Nimo's Alter Ego. I

"That can be done?' Asna raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"Theoretically, yes.' Felix paced back and forth with an excited expression as he explained, "Concept destruction trident can destroy anything marked and leave the rest untouched. Since Nimo possessed two consciousness and one soul, I can totally get rid of his alter ego in this fashion without harming Nimo at all!'

Everyone turned to look at Lord Shiva for confirmation and his nonchalant attitude made them realize that it was totally doable!

Alas, life wasn't this easy.

'Don't get too excited.' Lady Sphinx shared, 'If you got rid of Nimo's alter ego, there is a high chance he will be gone with all of his awakening memories and power-ups...This means Nimo would possibly be left stagnated in this form forever unless the universe did something to fix it.'

'Uugh, that does sound likely to happen.' Felix's excitement died off immediately as he returned to his seat with somewhat of a dejected expression.

Felix wanted Nimo to stay with him and be safe and sound, but at the same time, he felt hesitant to completely kill off his future.

The universe wouldn't be too pleased with this and would most likely create a new replacement for the replacement.

In addition, Lord Khaos wouldn't approve of this as he had told him during their deal that Felix shouldn't interfere in Nimo's natural development.

"Well, even if Nimo's replacement was born, it will take a very long time before he hatches from the egg and matures to the point he will be a threat to you.' Asna said, 'I honestly would rather have Nimo remain this cutie forever than merge with that irritating bastard.'

'Still, it's not alright to hinder Nimo's growth forever.' Felix murmured, 'There has to be another way."

Now that Felix knew that he could use the concept destruction trident, he brainstormed for a new method.

"What if I used the trident to mark not Nimo's alter ego consciousness but the link that keeps them connected?' Felix pondered, 'If this link is destroyed, there will be two Nimos with two different souls.'

'Highly doubtful if it is going to work...Souls shouldn't be messed with if you have no idea what you are doing.' Asna shook her head.

"What do you think, Elder Kraken?' Felix inquired.

'It really depends on the trident and mark's accuracy.' Elder Kraken replied as he eyed Lord Shiva.

'My abilities are precise.'

Lord Shiva didn't bother to glance at him.

'If they are accurate, then it's possible to sever two consciousnesses in one soul if the soul itself was powerful enough to handle the separation.' Elder Kraken said calmly.

"Wait a second...If this is actually doable, then can it be used on Asna and Felix to separate their soul?' Thor disclosed with a surprised tone.

Felix and Asna looked at each other with frozen expressions at the sound of that.

Both of their hearts started accelerating as various emotions raged inside their minds and bodies at the notion of their souls finally separating apart.

Alas, before those emotions could spill out, Elder Kraken brought them crashing down with, "Their situation isn't the same though. Nimo has one soul and two consciousness while Asna and Felix had two souls merged as one. They shouldn't even have a link connecting them together as the merge was too perfect. This means if the trident was used, it will be extremely tough on Asna's soul but Felix's soul won't be able to even handle a second of the process and would die out.'

'I see...That's unfortunate.' Felix sighed in disappointment.

'It's okay, we still have our original plan in hand.' Asna comforted him with a gentle smile.

'I will make it work no matter what.' Felix promised.

'I know.' Asna smiled.

'Sorry to interrupt your lovey-dovey thing, but even if we managed to separate Nimo and his alter ego's consciousness, what will we do next?' Thor shook his head, 'Kill the alter's ego? We can do it already. Send him away? It's too risky and he might come back for vengeance and to reconnect with Nimo to be at his full strength."

'I was thinking of using this.' Felix said as he took out the fake sun-disk earring.

'Interesting.' Jormungandr and others showed intrigued looks.

They understood immediately that Felix planned on sealing Nimo's alter ego consciousness within the sealing hall!

Since it was powerful enough to seal even Asna for millions of years, there was no way Nimo's alter ego would be able to

Since it was powerful enough to seal even Asna for millions of years, there was no way Nimo's alter ego would be able to escape on his own!

The fact that Asna was sealed for more than twenty million years and the universe hadn't bothered to make a replacement for her only meant that it wasn't a severe situation like the Paragon of Sins who lost the plot and kept abusing his powers.

"This is shaping to be an actual solid plan.' Thor remarked, 'Though, does any one of you knows how to use it?"

When he said this, everyone turned to look at Asna...In their eyes, she must have studied everything about the sealing hall to free herself.

As expected, Asna nodded her head with a look of slight discomfort.

'Is everything okay?' Felix stressed, 'We don't need to do this if you weren't feeling it.'

"It's alright, I just recalled some bad moments. I am fully ready to do this.' Asna returned to her sadistic persona as she smiled coldly, 'Plus, it feels nice knowing that the exact sealing hall will be used for someone who deserves it."

If Nimo's alter ego wasn't so sh*tty and hell-bent on killing them right after he was awakened, she would have minded sealing him since that wasn't a fate she wished on anyone.

'Good thing my main consciousness had yet to arrive at the Elementals Galaxy.'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix requested Candace to bring his main consciousness and real body back to the wormhole.

He knew that this had to be finished as fast as possible so he could send the sealed consciousness of Nimo's alter ego with his main body to the Elementals Galaxy.

He had no plans on keeping the real earring with a mere weakling clone.

Fifteen Days Later...

The SGAlliance had just celebrated conquering the entire Revria N1 solar system.

Besides some runaway demons in Lumurous planet, this solar system could be said to be placed on an air-tight lockdown.

It made it impossible for anything or anyone to leave it without alarming the appropriate authorities.

After securing such a stronghold for themselves, the SGAlliance started preparing for spreading their troops across the seventh demon realm, Tartarus.

Meanwhile, Felix was busy with his own project.

He could be seen inside his main spaceship the Eternal Nautilus which was docked outside of the wormhole leading to the other side.

He had to carry the process on this side to avoid dealing with the darkins as he had no clue if they were still camping near the wormhole or not.

"Do you trust me?" Felix asked with a solemn tone as he eyed Nimo.

Eee Eee!

Nimo nodded enthusiastically without a shred of doubt in his eyes.

"Good." Felix patted his head with a loving look.

To avoid alerting Nimo's alter ego, he never told him about their sealing plan and he had no intentions of telling him now.

Without delay, Felix removed the sun-disk earring and placed it on a table...Then, he opened the spatial gate and jumped inside with Nimo.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As a spatial divine equipment, it was habitable, unlike the spatial cards.

When Felix opened his eyes, he couldn't help but feel his butthole tightening up reflexively at the sight of the four guardian statues and the intricate floating platform.

Asna wanted to chuckle at his reaction but her PTSD activated and made her be as quiet as a mouse.

When Felix sensed that she was having a panic attack, he comforted her, 'It's okay, we will be out in a second.'

'Mmmm..." Asna closed her eyes shut and tried her best to focus only on Felix's voice and ignore everything else...This helped her ease the panic attack and regain control over her emotions.

While some prisoners might feel nostalgic to return to their prison cells, Asna felt nothing but utter hatred.

Eee Eee!!

Nimo jumped from Felix's lap and started running around with a curious but excited expression at such an unfamiliar environment.

Felix let him do as he pleased. knowing that the sealing hall could be activated only by fulfilling one condition.

'Lét's run it back one time. You only have one chance at this.' Thor said with a stern tone.

'I know.' Felix nodded, 'First I will place Nimo on the platform and then destroy the link between him and his alter ego.

When they get separated both physically and spiritually, they will both be semi--unconscious due to the trauma on their soul. I will take advantage of that duration and activate the sealing hall when the process near the end I will save Nimo."

'You have to be fast and precise. you will probably be given merely a second or less before his alter's ego readjust himself.' Jormungandr warned, 'He might use that moment to blow your soul with his spiritual pressure."

'I will make sure that never happens.' Felix cracked his knuckles, 'Let's begin."