Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1299 The Plan To Get Rid of Nimo's Alter Ego. II

Felix teleported next to Nimo and picked him up...Then, he hovered towards the platform and placed him in the center.

"No matter what happens, don't move okay?" Felix said with a serious tone.

Eee Eee!

Nimo nodded his head and sat on all four akin to a cat. Felix returned to his position, putting a fair distance between himself and the platform...Then, he created a gemstone and placed it on the ground next to him.

He cast a spatial spell on the gemstone, creating a gray runic hex above it. But, this hex seemed turned off as it did nothing to the gemstone.

"What is he up to? Why do I have a bad feeling?"

Nimo's alter ego kept getting agitated as his instincts tingled like crazy at this unknown situation he was in.

But, no matter how hard he thought about it, he just couldn't find any method that would allow Felix to harm him.

After all, he was a Unigin and feared nothing in this universe but the universe itself.

This created conflict within himself as his instincts were saying one thing while his rationality was saying another.

Oblivious to Nimo's alter ego's thoughts, Felix took a deep breath and manifested the concept destruction trident.

He marked the spiritual link between Nimo and his alter ego and then hurled the trident in Nimo's direction!

Eee Eee?

Nimo's survival instincts were activated the moment he saw the flying trident, but he trusted wholeheartedly that Felix would never do anything to harm him!

'DODGE IT YOU BASTARD!! DODGE IT!! DODGE IT!!"

The same couldn't be applied to his alter ego as he kept screaming in his ears with a maddened tone.

He had no clue what this trident was going to do to them, but his instincts warned him that it was going to be pleasant.

Alas, Nimo remained affixed on his position while giving Felix a curious look, seemingly asking him about what game he was playing with him.

Felix merely gave him an apologetic look, knowing that this wasn't going to be painless at all.

Whoosh!!

In a split second, the crimson trident went through Nimo's body and exited from the other side resembling a ghost going through him.

Eeeeeeeeee!!!

The moment the trident emerged from the other side, Nimo released a loud agonizing squeeze like his guts were being ripped from his stomach.

It was understandable when both his soul and body were being ripped apart in half to accommodate both consciousnesses after the separation...

Eeeeeeeeee!!

Although he was squealing in pain, Nimo still remained on the platform, which made Felix's heart twist and curls at the notion of putting Nimo through all of this while he still listened to his request.

'Focus! He is coming out, you should start the sealing process!"

Thor called out loud after seeing Nimo's physical body turn into a blob of pitch-black darkness before cutting off right from the center.

One side had green eyes and the other had red eyes...They were both trying to pull away from the other, hastening the separation process even more!

When Felix saw this, he extended two fingers forward and began reciting with a loud tone a peculiar-sounding language!

His voice was low and powerful, each word imbued with a weight that seemed to move mountains!

As he continued, the air around him grew thick with energy. Shadows seemed to writhe and twist in the corners of the sealing room, and the temperature dropped several degrees.

Felix ignored it all, his focus solely on the chant. He spoke louder now, his voice ringing out with a commanding tone.

Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Cling!! Cling!! Cling!!

Suddenly, there was a sharp noise of metal chains clinging in the air.

This was exactly what was going on as the purplish chains, that were connected with the platform and held by the four statues, were beginning to tighten up at a moderate pace.

This caused the hovering platform to get lifted up higher and higher!

As the purplish chains were getting tightened up, the peculiar inscriptions on the guardians began to illuminate brightly from the base of their legs into their heads.

When they were fully illuminated, the light traveled to the inscriptions on the purplish chain, causing each word to pop off individually.

It kept going until the light reached the platform from four directions and helped it cast a blinding light into the two pitch-black blobs!

'Spatial Displacement!'

While he was reaching the last sentences of his chant, Felix snapped his finger abruptly, causing the left pitch-black blob to switch locations with the gemstone next to him instantly!!!

The moment he spotted the gemstone next to the other pitch-black blob, Felix concluded the chant with a booming yell,

"ON!"

The clinging purplish chains went silent and the light across the entire sealing hall began dimming down...Especially, the blinding light on top of the platform.

When the light completely disappeared and the sealing hall seemed to have returned to normal, everyone had their eyes affixed on a floating pitch-black flickering flame in the center of the platform.

"We did it..."

Thud!

Felix fell on his ass with a stunned expression, unable to believe the reality before him.

Although he was told that it was going to work 100% as long as he didn't f*ck up, it was still difficult for him to believe it.

Who could blame him, he literally just did what those beings did to Asna, sealing an actual Unigin with nothing but a merely memorized chant!

Even primogenitors and other Unigins would be left shocked if they ever heard about this.

"Argh...What did you do to me? Why can't I move? WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME!!"

Felix was forced to wake up from his daze after hearing Nimo's alter ego going absolutely batsh*t.

"Finally getting rid of your annoyance for good."

Unafraid, Felix sneered as he stood back up on his feet.

He was told by Asna that no matter how good Nimo's alter ego was, it would take him a very, very long time before he could figure out the same method that helped her free a tinv bit of energv from the seal.

"What did you do?!"

"Isn't it obvious?" Felix grinned widely, "You have been sealed."

"Seal? Hah? Seal me?! No one can seal a unigin but them!"

Nimo's alter ego found the notion laughable as he knew from his memories that only those beings had the authority to create a seal strong enough to keep even Unigins locked shut.

"You are free to give it a try." Felix chuckled as he leaned down and picked Nimo up.

While his alter ego was forcefully turned into a black flame, Nimo returned to his original raccoon form.

Eee..Eee?

A bit dazed, Nimo kept looking around him while enjoying Felix rubbing his back in a gentle manner.

"I am sorry for putting you through this, but it's over now." Felix apologized with a warm smile.

Eee Eee!

Nimo was still clueless about the whole situation and he didn't seem to have any plans of questioning Felix...He merely laid back on his back and allowed Felix to rub his belly, completely forgetting about both the pain and his irritating alter's ego.

'Void rift! Void Blackhole! Void Annihilation! Greed Laws, I trade 80% of my energy for a wish to be freed from this!

Wrath Laws, Strength Multiplication x10! Gluttony Laws, Devour! Evil Corruption!'

Meanwhile, Nimo's alter ego pulled absolutely no stop as he kept attempting to use all of his unlocked abilities to free himself from the seal.

Alas, regardless of void laws, sins laws, or even the evil energy corruption, nothing was activated...It was like the sealing hall had utterly stripped him of his gifts, leaving him powerless.

'It can't be, huff, huff, this is impossible, Unigins can't be sealed...Unigins can't be sealed!"

Nimo's alter ego fell into a hard denial stage as he didn't give up on freeing himself with whatever trick was in his pocket.

'Poor thing, he will learn the hard way.' Asna murmured as she recalled the first--week memories of being sealed.

She left no stone unturned in an attempt to free herself, but alas, the seal was just too powerful..

"Call me when you are ready to merge with Nimo." Felix waved his hand at the black flame and teleported outside of the sealing hall under a fierce tirade of curses.

"COME BACK HERE AND FREE ME, YOU BASTARD!!!

"I WILL KILL YOU!!! I SWEAR I WILL END YOU AND YOUR WHOLE ALLIANCE!!"

"COME BACK!!!"

Too bad for Nimo's alter ego, Felix was long gone, leaving him alone in this silent and somewhat creepy hall.

The saying goes, f*ck around and you will find out..It was at this moment that Nimo's alter ego realized that he really f*cked up!