Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

1300 Demonic Taming of Beasts/Monsters!

"Finally, a breather."

Felix sighed in relief the moment he exited the sun-disk earring pocket dimension.

"With my lord's pride, I doubt he will give in and merge with Nimo even at the threat of eternal imprisonment." Candace uttered with a worried tone.

Candace had decided to be an obedient servant to Felix for the sake of having her lust powers enhanced when Nimo overthrew the Paragon of Sins.

But with this development, she started to doubt if that was ever going to happen.

"His pride will get in the way for sure, but when he realizes that the sealing hall has the ability to slowly steal the prisoner's powers to fuel the seal's strength, he will have no option but to give up." Asna answered with a confident tone.

Asna knew that the side effect wasn't lasting but it sure was going to scare Nimo's alter ego as he had no idea if his powers would ever return.

"I still can't believe those beings created such a complicated sealing hall and made its activation bound to a chant that anyone could recite." Felix remarked with a deep frown.

"The chant is useless without the sealing hall and no one can create it besides those beings. So, knowing the chant is the same as having a key to an unobtainable chest." Lady Sphinx said, "The fact that you obtained it is a much bigger mystery."

"I suppose so..."

Knowing that he wouldn't find any answers even if he dug deeper, Felix dropped the subject.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

'Are you planning to restart your journey to the Elementals Galaxy right now?' Candace inquired.

'I will give Nimo's alter ego two weeks to give up and merge with Nimo. If he is still adamant, I will take him with me."

Felix knew that the moment he stepped inside the Elementals Galaxy, he wouldn't leave it until he made a breakthrough.

This meant Nimo's alter ego would stay with him for thousands of years if not more even if he came to his senses and wanted to merge with Nimo.

After all, Nimo would be accompanying Felix's copy in the seven demon realms and there was no way for them to get together unless Foremother Siaseme made an exception.

Felix was certain that wasn't happening anytime soon.

So, he delivered his ultimate to Nimo's alter ego and closed the consciousness link with the sun-disk earring the moment he heard a series of insults thrown at him.

*k ok ok One Month Later...

Felix stayed true to his word and took off to the Elementals Galaxy with the sun-disk earring. Obviously, he found no luck with Nimo's alter ego and the situation remained as it was.

Everyone was cool with this even Lord Khoas.

That's because he also wanted Nimo and his alter ego to get back together without anyone overpowering the other.

Nimo's alter ego didn't want to just merge but completely eradicate his soft spot in the process, which would give birth to truly the evilest Paragon of Sins in existence.

Meanwhile, the SGAlliance had already kicked off their main conquest journey as they sent an unfathomable number of geared-up fleets toward the nearest habitable solar systems.

With Queen Danika's information, they knew much about their destinations and what to expect from them.

While they were actively invading Tartarus' territory, the right arm of Prince Beelzebub had just arrived near Revria N1's solar system with his subordinates.

The moment they stepped inside the SGAlliance's territory, their existence was picked up by the radar.

"Sir, our radars have picked an unusual invader near Omanda's meteor belt." The crewman responsible reported the news to his supervisor.

"It does look unusual...Switch to the nearest camera to the invader and give me a complete read on it." The supervisor ordered.

The crewman did as he was commanded.

When the images were sent back, everyone was left stunned at the final results before them.

A colossal and terrifying creature, a space monster unlike any other was showcased right in front of their shocked eyes!

It was as massive as a moon and it resembled a long fleshy worm with a gaping maw, a black hole of immense proportions that served as the creature's mouth.

It possessed demonic features as it was surrounded by a massive cape of red mist and its tiny eyes were as red as blood.

Yet, what shocked the crewmen the most was the fact that this disgusting monstrous worm was exiting from a wormhole!!

"Was that wormhole there before?" One of the crewmen murmured.

"You know full well that it wasn't." The supervisor's expression got stoic immediately as he reached out to his AP Bracelet and called out loud, "Red Code! Red Code! We are being invaded!"

The ten rulers and inner circle leaders swiftly joined an emergency meeting the moment they received the news.

"Is it the demons?" King Lokhil asked.

"We have to send scouts to check." Queen Alfreda narrowed her eyes, "But, how can this worm-like monster create wormholes?"

"Well, I always wondered if my ancestor's bloodline has managed to give birth to non-intelligent creatures capable of using spatial abilities." High Chieftain Lokaka replied, "I guess they were hiding here all along."

Just like the beasts with multiple bloodline abilities, there were bound to be some kind of beasts with spatial abilities around the universe since Lord Dune had many descendants like the other primogenitors.

In fact, there could even be beasts with destruction abilities, hiding in isolation and saving the universe from an unspoken terror.

"It doesn't look anything like your race or Lord Dune." Queen Allura wondered, "Do you think it was demonized?"

"Based on its disgusting appearance and the red mist around it, there is a high possibility." Felix chimed in, "But, we will find out the truth after the scouts arrive."

The scouts didn't take long to arrive near the slow-moving monstrous worm.

With their advanced anti-surveillance system, they got closer to the beast and began scanning its entire humongous body.

They ended up finding a medium-sized leen black spaceship parked right on the top surface of the monstrous worm.

The spaceship seemed somewhat old-dated compared to the SGAlliance's current generation, but it was still an interstellar spaceship.

When the scout zoomed on the spaceship and spotted a uniquely shaped 'B' logo on its side, everyone uttered at the same time, "Beelzebub's troops."

"Looks like we still ended up alerting him." Queen Alfreda said.

"It doesn't matter, he was bound to find out about us eventually." Emperor Lokhil disclosed, "I am more interested in their ability to tame such a massive space-eating worm and use it for their travel."

Queen Danika had already told them that authoritative demons were capable of enslaving animalistic demons, making them obedient to their commands as long as they feed them purities.

But to do this for such a massive beast? It was truly mind boggling as even the alliance couldn't control such kinds of monsters!

"The spaceship is lifting off from the beast." The scout reported abruptly.

The black spaceship took off at the speed of light in the direction of planet Gorrana in front of everyone.

Yet, no one bothered to look in its direction as their eyes were affixed on the gigantic fleshy worm reversing back inside the wormhole.

After it disappeared inside of it, the wormhole collapsed on itself and the space deformity was gone, turning the area desolate again.

"Since Queen Danika hadn't told us about those worms, it only means that the demons have recently begun demonizing and taming them." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, "Warn our troops to be careful of such demonized creatures. God knows what else have those demons tamed."

The leaders always had a sense of superiority when dealing with demons since they were too advanced in technology.

But after this finding, they had a bad feeling that the demons could have tamed much more dangerous monsters than their weapons...

"What do we do with that spaceship?"

"It must be a scouting squad sent by Prince Beelzebub."

"Since Prince Beelzebub was generous to send us some of his subordinates, then it would be impolite not to welcome them with open arms." Felix smirked faintly.

Everyone shared the same creepy smile as they knew exactly what Felix meant.

Unbeknownst to the 'warm welcome' that awaited him, Malgrath could be seen sitting akin to a demon lord on the captain's chair inside the cockpit.

His demonic subordinates were sitting around him silently, not touching a single button on the board before them.

This image seemed weird like the demons were out of place.

It wasn't farfetched to call it that since this spaceship didn't really belong to them but was built by the most technologically advanced race in the seven demon realms.

"This chair is so uncomfortable...It's like those bastards are making them like this to spite us." Malgrath asked with an irritated tone, "Are we close yet?"

"We will arrive at Gorrana in less than an hour." His subordinate anwsered after reading the distance from the monitor before him.

"Finally, we get to see those f*ckers who ruined my kings' precious harvesters. I will make sure to demonize them myself and watch them starve to death." Malgrath stated with a murderous tone.