Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1301 Unbridgeable Technological Difference! I

Just like his subordinate stated, it took them almost no time to reach Gorrana's territory.

The moment they got near it, the spaceship's Ai exited the speed light mode, allowing them finally to see their surroundings.

"What...The...Hell."

Malgrath and his subordinates were left stunned out of their minds the instant they looked around them and saw thousands of spaceships much bigger than theirs and even motherships that made them seem like a spark of dust.

Chills coursed down Malgranth's spine as his murderous intent died off instantly at this overbearing and honestly freakish scene.

Alas, before he or his subordinates could even comprehend the f*cked situation they put themselves in, all of the nearby spaceships turned their weapons towards their directions and activated them, causing the space to be filled with millions of illuminating colorful stars.

This wasn't even the worst part...

"My Lord! We have lost control over the spaceship's systems!" His subordinate cried out loud as he watched the monitors turn completely black and silent, "We have been hacked!"

"What do you mean hacked? What the f*ck does hacked even mean?! Just get us out of here!" Malgranth shouted back.

"We can't! Our systems aren't in our command anymo..."

Before his subordinate could finish his statement, all of the monitors were turned on simultaneously, showing the face of Commander Nethrael.

"Demons, you have thirty seconds to surrender before we erase your spaceship from existence." Commander Nethrael spoke coldly.

His voice was translated into the language of the demons as the alliance had already helped Queen Ai learn it.

"My Lord...They don't look like the joking type."

One of the demons gulped a mouthful at the notion of all of those plasma weapons firing at them simultaneously.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Usually, demons weren't scared of death, but it was different this time around as they were situated in the vacuum of space, where not an ounce of evil energy was nearby.

'F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! I was sent on a suicidal mission." Malgrath also realized that his situation wasn't pleasant one bit.

'I have to buy time somehow."

The first thing Malgrath did was establish a connection with Prince Beelzebub and update him on their screwed-up situation as fast as possible.

'How powerful are they?' Prince Beelzebub frowned.

'See for yourself.

Malgrath pulled a small demonic flesh statue the size of a Barbie doll and placed it in front of him...It resembled Prince Beelzebub greatly.

Prince Beelzebub connected his consciousness with the demonic statue and looked around him, finding out that his subordinate didn't oversell their dilemma one bit.

"Fifteen seconds." Commander Nethrael counted down.

'I guess we have met a much tougher nut to crack this time.' Prince Beelzebub narrowed his eyes coldly, 'Listen to me, voice your surrender, and allow them to capture you. Don't do anything else, I will send down an incarnation on the demonic statue to speak with them."

'As you command.' Malgrath was more than pleased with this order as his death would be postponed.

"Five seconds."

"Enough! We surrender, just lower your damn weapons already." Malgrath called out loud with an irritated tone.

"You don't make the calls, we do." Commander Nethrael replied indifferently, "We will be sending a small aircraft in your direction, give it access to your spaceship, and pick up the bracelets inside of it. I will give you further instructions when you finish."

"Fine."

Although Malgrath had no clue what they were planning for him and his squad, he could only comply.

A few minutes later, all the demons in the spaceship could be seen wearing AP Bracelets on their wrists.

'Is this some sort of an imprisonment cuff?' Malgrath murmured as he waved his wrist around, 'I don't feel anything different.'

Before he could think too much about it, commander Nethrael gave them instructions to bind their consciousness with Queen Ai.

The moment they logged in to the UVR and accessed the white room, all of them shared panicked expressions.

"Where the f*ck am I? Are those invaders capable of spatial teleportation through a mere bracelet?!" Malgrath shivered at the mere thought.

Unfortunately for him, those AP bracelets were created for the sake of prisoners, which meant the moment they logged in, Queen Ai linked their consciousness with her straightway without their consent.

In addition, she didn't bother explaining anything about the UVR or the AP Bracelets as she did with the others.

To make matters worse...She took away their log-out condition, which implied that their consciousness was imprisoned inside the white room until the SGAlliance allowed them to leave!

"Bring them to their cells and prepare for the interrogation."

Felix ordered from the shadows as he watched those demons banging the walls of the white room and using whatever they could to escape it.

'Malgrath? What happened to you? Malgrath? Are you ignoring me, you prick?!"

Meanwhile, Prince Beelzebub was shouting furiously from his throne but no one was there to respond.

He had no clue that the moment a consciousness entered the UVR, it got disconnected from the real world.

A few minutes later, the demons' spaceship was towed inside the mothership with the demons still inside.

Although those demons were inside the UVR and could be considered sitting ducks, the troops still had the appropriate caution in handling them.

Meanwhile, Malgrath and his squad had their white rooms changed into interrogation rooms and they were forced to sit in chairs without the ability to move an inch.

"Who the hell are we dealing with...Did we finally anger the gods?"

Malgrath would be lying if he said that he was not scared shitless from everything happening to him.

Who could blame him?

Without proper explanation, anyone would assume that this was god's work since it was just so real.

With a flash of light, Felix appeared in front of Malgrath with different facial features as he did not want to expose that he resembled Lucifer so soon.

Felix pulled a chair in front of Malgrath and sat on it with a nonchalant expression.

"Who are y..."

Argh!!!

Before his question could be completed, Malgrath cried out loud in agony as his body was completely engulfed in electricity.

'How...Ugh!!"

Malgrath found it hard to believe that electricity could put him in such agonizing pain as his physical body was extremely tough and should have nullified it.

Unbeknownst to him, Felix had full control over his body. He could give him immunities and at the same time make his pain nerves' sensitivity off the roof with a mere thought!

It was like he had the powers of Queen Ai.

Such powerful access was given to only the ten rulers as it could be abused quite easily.

A couple of moments later, Felix got rid of the electricity and said, "Don't talk again until you are addressed."

Malgrath could only growl and stare at him murderously, but he still remained quiet. He understood that his life wasn't in his hands anymore and it was best to play ball.

"What's your name?"

"Malgrath."

"Did Beelzebub send you to spy on us?"

"Yes."

"How did he find out about us in the first place?"

"Through the destruction of the harvesters."

"Be precise and don't bother to lie." Felix warned calmly.

"Prince Beelzebub can connect his consciousness with his harvesters." Malgrath answered truthfully, "We have one in our spaceship if you want to directly speak with him."

Malgrath cared more about his life than anything else, so he felt it was better to link his lord with Felix and leave him alone.

Alas, that wasn't happening anytime soon.

"How do we talk to him?"

"He can send down a spiritual incarnation." He answered.

The moment he uttered so, everyone received a report about Prince Beelzebub's demonic image appearing inside the imprisonment cell of the demons!

Felix switched his main focus to his clone and saw Prince Beelzebub's hideous gigantic body spawning from a tiny demonic statue.

He was looking down on the crewman who fell on the ground from sheer terror without him needing to do anything.

"Bring me your leader." Prince Beelzebub ordered coldly.