1302 Unbridgeable Technological Differences! II

"Commander, handle it." Felix ordered from the cockpit.

He had no plans of showing himself to Prince Beelzebub since he would figure out that he wasn't Lucifer with a single glance...Felix had many plans to use the uncanny resemblance to dupe some demons.

In a few minutes at best, Commander Nethereal arrived at the locked-out scene...Even though Prince Beelzebub hadn't attacked anyone, they were still ordered to clear the area.

"I am here."

Commander Nethreal stood in front of Prince Beelzebub with his chest upright and shoulders straight.

He kept staring right into the eyes of Prince Beelzebub without an ounce of fear or distress.

As the commander of one of the biggest fleets in the SGAlliance, he was more than competent to handle anyone before him.

"Since you are clearly outsiders, I will give you the benefit of not knowing my name, and not straightaway eliminate you." Prince Beelzebub spoke with an indifferent tone, "But I won't repeat myself, free my subordinates and surrender while I am still asking nicely."

"Prince Beelzebub, the seventh-born prince, and ruler of the smallest and weakest demon realm. You have lost many territories to other princes and are desperate to reclaim them back for the sake of stealing the demon king's throne. You are wicked, greedy, and rule your demon realm with an iron fist. Most importantly, you are immensely envious of your brothers' great demon armies." Commander Nethreal narrated while reading from a holographic screen, not caring about Prince Beelzebub's expression turning nastier and nastier.

"You are also..."

"ENOUGH!" Prince Beelzeubu roared angrily.

'How do they already know so much?! Did those bastards cough up everything as soon as they were caught?!"

Unbeknownst to Prince Beelzebub, the demons weren't really required to speak as Queen Ai could easily invade their memories in the UVR as long as she was permitted.

Felix wasn't just interrogating Malgrath for new information but to confirm the memories they had extracted from them and create a sheet filled with filtered useful information!

Commander Nethreal closed the holographic screen and looked at him in the eyes with a composed expression.

"You see, we do Know you and we Still don't care...Your territory has already been marked, and this means that 1t will belong to us whether peacefully or forcefully." Commander Nethreal asked with a serious tone, "How do you want it to be?"

The SGAlliance had no plans to get Prince Beelzebub on their side or any other prince.

As long as they needed purities to survive, they would be forever their archenemies, and the SGAlliance simply didn't want to waste their time on needless chatter.

Even the peaceful conquest wasn't really an option and they planned to exterminate all demons in sight.

"I will be waiting for you then, it's been a while since I have tasted some fresh meat."

Prince Beelzebub licked his lips akin to a hungry hyena before disappearing back into the demonic statue.

Crack!

The demonic statue turned black and then broke into fragments moments after.

"He didn't even bother to ask for his subordinates." Queen Allura scoffed, "They really have no loyalty to each other whatsoever."

She still thought highly of Prince Beelzebub as what happened next wasn't to anyone's expectation.

"No! My Lord! Please don't do it! Please! I haven't said anything to them!!"

Malgrath suddenly began beseeching with a frantic look while trying his best to escape from the interrogation chair.

"Hmm?"

His abrupt switch in attitude took Felix by surprise as he was just hearing him spill beans about his lord like he was paid handsomely.

"Save me!! Save me!! He is voiding the demon contract!! AAAAAAAAAAA!"

Alas, before Felix could react to his cry for help, Malgrath let out an ear- piercing squeal before he turned into light particles.

This scene happened to the rest of the demons captured, leaving everyone with mouth agape in disbelief.

"Whew, he really killed off his subordinates without an ounce of hesitation." Asna remarked with a surprised tone, "A cold-blooded demon indeed."

Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I expected him to do something like this, but not this quickly." Felix uttered, "He didn't even bother to negotiate their release."

The moment Felix heard from Queen Danika that the authoritative demons had the option to use the demon contract to kill their subordinates, he already foresaw this scene happening.

"Fortunately, we already have gotten everything that we needed." Felix shrugged his shoulders.

The demons' memories were enough to give them the big picture about the seventh demon realm...Though, it would take some time to filter the useful from the useless without those demons.

"Belphegor, Flauros, Moloch, Sabnock...The outsiders have declared war on us and are preparing to invade our territory.

Since they are at Revria N1, they will most likely target the nearest solar systems to them." Prince Beelzebub connected his consciousness with his other authoritative demons and ordered, "Take the Space Eaters and open wormholes to those solar systems to back up our outposts and farms. We can not let them gain another inch of territory even if it meant using Planet Eaters...Understood?"

'How fun!"

'On it..."

"Won't the other princes find out about this with us making such a big movement?"

'It does not matter anymore." Prince Beelzebub remarked with a cold tone, 'Our priority is to block the invasion and retaliate before my brothers could make their move."

'Alright, what about Malgrath?'

'Malgrath is gone. He got caught like an idiot, if you don't want to suffer the same fate as him, don't f*cking disappoint me.' Prince Beelzebub threatened.

This time no one replied to him but his message was received loud and clear.

"The troops have already arrived at their locations and have spotted many civilized planets with demons and non-demons...Do we order the attack?" Commander Nethereal requested permission.

"We're still far from the capital planet of Prince Beelezubub, so just do as you see fit." Felix gave complete control to Commander Nethereal as he knew that he was capable enough to lead the invasions without needing him over his head.

Felix placed one foot above the other in the cockpit and rested his head on his hands while having the holographic screens of the invasion in front of him.

Since he had a mere clone around, he couldn't offer much help even if he wanted.

"I wonder where did they get those spaceships from." Felix mumbled as he drank tea from a cup.

He was referring to the demons' spaceships, which had just gotten engaged by the alliance's fleets near the most populated planets in those solar systems.

It was a pure massacre as those spaceships were just too outdated, making them vulnerable to all types of attacks from the alliance's fleets.

"Queen, can you forward the memories related to those spaceships?" Felix requested.

"As you wish." Queen Ai displayed holograms to the side showing memories of Malgrath and his subordinates dealing with those spaceships and their builders.

As he watched more memories, he understood more about the builders.

"Horites Race, what an interesting species." Felix remarked with a look of intrigue as he eyed giant rocky-skinned humanoid creatures.

Based on the memories, this race was immune to almost all elements and mental attacks, making them one of the most impossible-to-kill races in the universe.

However, their offensive powers were absolutely dogsh*t as they could neither manipulate elements nor possessed physical prowess capable of breaking mountains.

All they had was their indestructible rocky skins and a good brain on top of their shoulders.

Their intelligence was more or less similar to humans, allowing them to focus wholeheartedly on technological advancement and reach those new heights.

Since their bodies were unbreakable, it allowed them to feel safe, unlike the humans who had to do everything to protect themselves just from the beasts' attacks.

Unfortunately, they weren't immune to the evil energy corruption, which caused their empire to fall apart during the high day of the demons' invasions.

What was left of their race were slaves spread across the entire seven demon realms as they were too important for the demons to devour their purities.

Alas, their technological advancements stood no chance against the SGAlliance's forces, causing all of those planets to fall

in no time under the alliance's rulership.

As for the demonic cities on those planets? All of them were nuked by judgment white beams from space.

In less than a few hours, all populated demonic planets in ten solar systems were invaded successfully and were now being cleared out from the runaway demons by using mass-destruction weapons.

All of this happened while Prince Beelzebub's four authoritative demons were still preparing the reinforcement to protect those solar systems...

When the news reached Prince Beelzebub, he was left with a frozen expression, a heart beating out of his chest, and most importantly, a never felt before terror rising from his soul...

Everything happened so fast, his pride and confidence from before weren't even given time to slowly die down...They got absolutely shattered by the first taste of the alliance's advanced weapons!

"This...This...How can there be a background this powerful and hidden for such a long time...Am I really going to lose my territories this easily?"

Prince Beelezebub refused to believe that he had just lost more than 20% of his sacred territory in a couple of hours!

This speed was just too frightening as even the other princes struggled to take away territories from him!

"Those f*ckers are the real deal!"

Prince Beelzebub finally woke up from his dream world and realized that there was absolutely no way he was going to protect his territory alone, don't even mention retaliating with an invasion of his own!

So, without any more secrecy and greed, he swiftly brought out six small demonic flesh figures and made them hover in front of him.

Then, he connected his consciousness with them all and called out loud, 'Brothers! We're in big f*cking trouble! Our demon realms are being invaded and we need to present a united front!'