Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1303 The Seven Demon Princes.

The five small demonic figures, still and silent for a very long time, started to stir.

The atmosphere surrounding them began to tremble while the sulfur and rotting flesh stench filled the air.

In less than a split second, five demonic incarnations emerged from the statues and towered over the surrounding scenery.

The first demon had eyes that shone with an infernal light and were coated in thick, matted fur.

A mess of tentacles and tendrils, each ending in a razor-sharp stinger, made up the second demon.

The bones of the third demon were twisted and deformed into hideous shapes, making it a skeleton monstrosity...It appeared to emit an atmosphere of decay and death as it held a large scythe in one of its bony hands.

The fourth demon was a gigantic behemoth with massive muscles vibrating beneath its scaly skin...It appeared impervious to any attack and screamed a challenge to anyone who dared stand in its way.

Last but not least, the fifth demon was a living shadow, its form flickering and shifting as if it were made of smoke...Its eyes glowed like hot coals as it darted around.

Only one demonic statue remained silent and it belonged to nonother than Lucifer.

"For you to seek our help, they must be tough." Prince Belphegor uttered with an indifferent tone...He was the gigantic behemoth.

"I am not seeking anyone's help." Prince Beelzebub scoffed, "I have made a connection with those bastards and they made their opinion clear that there will be no peace with our demon realms. So, if I went down, you will be next."

"Show us." Prince Abaddon spoke lazily as his shadowy form kept flickering once in a while.

"Fine."

Prince Beelzebub knew that his brothers had absolutely zero trust in each other's words and they only believed their eyes.

He placed a small demonic statue that resembled him in front of them and then he forwarded the desired memories to the statue.

Next, he gave access to his brothers to see those memories by connecting their consciousness with the demonic statue.

In a couple of minutes, the five princes opened their eyes again and looked at each other with serious expressions.

"I never thought that technological weapons could reach this height." Prince Satan uttered with a hardened look...His infernal red eyes reflected the massacre of Prince Beelzeubub's people.

"They can level cities from outer space and turn our spaceships against us somehow...This is really bad." The tentacled demon prince Asmodeus uttered, "We won't be able to contest against them in outer space and stop them from erasing our main cities and massacring most of the demons."

All of them were smart enough to realize the true danger their demon race was suddenly put in and if they didn't act faster to protect themselves, they would be left with nothing.

"That's what I have been telling you. I have already lost 20% of my territories in a few hours and they are still going deeper. I need you to send reinforcements as soon as possible before they get to my capital's planet."

"It's useless to send spaceships as we will be merely giving them free assistance." Prince Mammon suggested while pointing his boney finger up, "We have to use our bioweapons to fight them and possibly even get ourselves involved."

For him to share the same name as Councilmen Mammon of the void nation, one could wonder how were their names gotten when they were born out of void and evil energy.

"Do we really have to get involved personally?" Abaddon asked with a tiresome look.

"For them to have such advanced technology, they must not be too gifted in the physical department just like the Horites race." Prince Mammon stressed, "So, we just need to take their leaders down up close and the victory will be ours."

"What about Lucifer? We are in crisis mode and he still refuses to show up." Prince Belphegor snorted, "Demon King he said."

"It's best that he doesn't show up." Prince Asmodeus remarked with a crafty smile, "We can use this war to truly justify overthrowing him and turning his own people on him. If a king still doesn't show up even during a war, what rights does he have on the crown?"

The six princes were fighting over stealing the crown from Lucifer but he was still considered the demon king even though he didn't show himself for hundreds of thousands of years now.

But, now that they were in a crisis mode and if he still prioritized worshipping the demon god in front of the Darkness Well instead of offering a hand, even his contracted demons would turn against him.

That was more than possible as the demon contract had one thing on the lesser demons' side...Getting taken care of in terms of food.

"His generals were carrying over his duties by keeping everyone fed and happy, but the moment their rationality starts getting threatened during this war, they wouldn't hesitate to use the chance to break the contract and jump to our ships."

Prince Mammon grinned greedily.

"A demon realm without demons is nothing but a free territory for grabs."

"Hey! Focus, you pricks!" Prince Beelzebub said with an irritated tone, "My territory is getting run over at the speed of light...My people's cries are resounding in my ears each second! We need to move now."

While he also liked their strategy to deal with Lucifer's situation, he wasn't in the right position to feel too excited about it.

Knowing that it wasn't good for them to lose Prince Beelzebub's territory since it was currently the buffer between them and their territories, they refocused on the war's strategy.

*****

While the six princes were plotting to deal with the SGAlliance's invasion, their demon king Lucifer could be seen in a sitting position in the midst of the vast expanse of outer space.

He wore black leather attire, his crimson hair cascading down his shoulders. The stars shimmered around him, casting a soft glow on his grayish skin.

Queen Danika's picture did Lucifer justice as he truly was cut from the same mold as Felix...It was like they were twins separated from birth.

Before him, there was a massive pitch-black rift, a tear in the fabric of space itself. The rift seemed to pulsate and vibrate with otherworldly energy as if it were a living thing.

The edges of the rift were jagged and uneven as if it had been ripped open by an incredible force.

Lucifer gazed into the abyss, his piercing yellow eyes glinting with a mixture of reverence and devotion.

'Son, the destined day is fast approaching...Your other half has taken his first step to connect with you.'

An enchanting angelic voice echoed inside Lucifer's mind akin to celestial bells...The voice seemed to have come from deep within the void rift, but nothing could be seen inside it.

'I have been preparing for this moment my entire life. I will not let you down.' Lucifer promised with an assured tone.

'Good, don't get hasty as he has come over here with just a clone."

'I understand, I will remain hidden and patient until he comes here with his real form. I have already been waiting far too long.' Lucifer said with glitter in his eyes.

'I understand, I will remain hidden and patient until he comes here with his real form. I have already been waiting far too long.' Lucifer said with glitter in his eyes.

'Good...I will rest now...I will be waiting for the good news..."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Just like that, the angelic voice faded away from Lucifer's mind.

No one knew if he had gone insane and was just talking to himself or if he was truly speaking with his 'Mother'.

Even the six princes had no idea about any of this as they assumed that Lucifer was merely wasting his time staring at an empty rift.

Regardless of what others thought about him, Lucifer seemed to have a burning fire in his eyes at the notion of the 'destined day' being just around the corner.

"I will finally be complete and rule over this universe...My time has come at last and nothing is going to stop me." Lucifer spoke under his breath with a sinister smile...

Unbeknownst to him, his 'Mother' was watching him from within the void rift with two sets of enchanting pink eyes.

"The stage is getting prepared slow and steady...My part of the plan is nearing its end..."