1305 The battle For Tartarus! II

The problem with the space demons' armies was their natural adaptability in the vacuum of space as this was their environment. 1

This allowed them to use their claws and sharp teeth to break apart the hard alloys, which caused a sudden release of air and pressure imbalance within the spaceship!

This was catastrophic as everyone near the breach ended up getting sucked outside of the spaceship and into the vacuum of space, making them get frozen almost immediately.

Crack!! Crack!!

Just like they were having a feast, the demonized monsters kept feeding on those thrown-out crewmen and soldiers...Obviously, they prioritized eating their purities, which made them even more agitated for more!

"Close down the breaches!!" A warship general shouted inside his cockpit.

"We can't let the monsters have gotten inside the locked-down area!"

His subordinate yelled back as he showed him multiple live feeds of hideous demonic creatures roaming inside their spaceship!

The moment a breach occurs, the entire zone near it gets locked shut to avoid affecting more zones inside the warship.

However, this made it possible for the monsters to enter the spaceship after the pressure disappeared.

"Send the guardians to take them down!"

The general was left with no choice but to send actual strong fighters to engage with those monsters.

"Wake up, we have been called to clean some trash." Nero said coldly as he headbutted his brother's head to the side.

"Five more minutes..." Wowef mumbled without bothering to open his eyes.

"He is lazing around again? More fun for me, I guess." The Executioner remarked calmly as he walked past them and disappeared with a sudden passing wind breeze.

"In your dreams." Nero snickered.

Nero wasn't too pleased with being surpassed by the Executioner as he didn't come all the way here just to have his achievements stolen.

All large warships had many guardians within them capable of fighting monsters with their bare hands.

Most of them were Ex SGPlayers but there were many other fighters who were nurtured by the alliance from birth to join the army.

All of those guardians were tasked to protect the warships, the crewmen, and the staff from any source of interior danger.

In return, they would be getting rewarded with achievements that could be cashed out to reclaim territories when the SGAlliance finalize their conquest.

So, this wasn't just a simple protection mission but an actual hardcore competition to gain as many achievements as possible!

Wowef/Nero didn't really care that much about the territories but more about making their race respected.

All Dragolus' born from a mixture of a dragon and a heavenly turtle were considered a bit retarded as their extreme racial personalities clashed.

Only these two seemed to have it work for the better and they would be damned if they didn't let everyone knows that their race was far from a bunch of retards born out of a failed experiment!

"Nasty creatures, I will free you from your misery."

The Executioner beamed his katana but there was no wind around him to wield as the locked area was now part of the vacuum of space.

If it wasn't for his anti-gravitational spacesuit keeping him fixed on the ground, he would be having trouble staying on the ground.

The moment the hideous demonized creatures saw him, they charged in his direction with blood-red eyes and mouths wide open, hurling saliva everywhere.

With a swift and graceful motion, the seasoned Executioner drew his gleaming katana from its scabbard, the blade humming with anticipation...His eyes narrowed, focusing on his targets with unwavering determination.

As he took a step forward, the self-created wind responded to his presence, swirling and whirling, as if bowing to the master of the blade.

The power of the wind coursed through his veins, becoming an extension of his weapon, his every movement harmonizing with the flow of the cosmos.

In a single fluid motion, he raised his katana high above his head, channeling his energy into the blade. The wind howled in response as if echoing the impending strike.

Then, he murmured under his breath, "Ittoryu, The Whisper of Grimreaper."

All of that built-up explosive momentum went silent the instant he swung his katana down.

Time seemed to have come to a halt as a smooth thin invisible wind blade weaved through the air and sliced through everything in its path that was related to the demonized monsters.

In the blink of an eye, the invisible wind blade landed on the spaceship's wall and disappeared like it carried absolutely no strength.

But the scene before it would make anyone reconsider as the demons were seen cut into multiple body parts, each flying in a different direction.

"Dragon's Breath!"

The silence didn't remain for long as a magnificent shower of flames fell on those sliced-apart demons, turning them into ashes almost instantaneously.

"I didn't need your help."

The Executioner turned around with an indifferent look that targeted Wowef/Nero.

"We did not ask to be partnered with you either, but here we are." Nero sneered.

"You guys really hate each other's guts."

Carefree as always, Wowef chuckled in amusement as he used his earth manipulation to push the ashes outside of the breach and close it shut.

This way at least the demons would get resurrected on the outside and get taken care of by any passing fighter spaceship.

"Just don't get in my path."

The Executioner sheathed his katana and disappeared yet again, heading to handle another demon invasion on his warship.

Meanwhile, those two remained here and protected the breach until the revived demons get eliminated.

Similar scenes were happening across thousands of Warships around the battlefield as everyone was fighting tooth and nail to prove themselves.

With them acting as the perfect blockade to those demons' warships' invasions, the warships' cockpits were left with an ease of mind to focus completely on erasing as many demons as possible in outer space.

This made it seem like the SGAlliance were slowly getting control back over the battlefield since those demonized creatures were running on one track in their minds compared to them.

The demon princes seemed to have realized it as well.

"I think it's time to use the Leviathans." Prince Abaddon suggested with a hardened expression.

"I think so too, the battlefield is already chaotic enough." Prince Belphegor supported.

When all the demon princes seemed to be on the same page, each sent an order to the humongous Leviathans, which had sizes as big as the SGAlliance's motherships!

The order was really simple...Kill everything on the battlefield!

With their gargantuan sizes, the moment they began moving in the direction of the battlefield, it was hard to miss them.

"The Leviathans have been used! Scatter!" Commander Nethrael ordered all the fleets.

Knowing that those cosmic behemoths possessed the ability to manipulate gravity made him understand that it would render their spaceships powerless in their insane gravitational grip.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

So, the devised plan to counter their gravitational grip was to scatter away from the battlefield while they prepare to launch a synchronized attack.

This was exactly what the alliance's fleet did as they stopped bothering themselves with the demonized creatures and took off in seemingly random directions but in somewhat perfect formations.

The demons tried to chase them off but the spaceships were just too fast for them. Obviously, not all spaceships managed to get away from the battlefield.

At least a thousand ended up unable to move far before getting intercepted in the way by a flood of demons. There were others who had their spaceship engines destroyed and some were corrupted.

Whatever the reason to make them stay, the scene before the crewmates was enough to cause them to freeze in fear.

Who could blame them?

The Leviathans were seen opening their colossal disgusting mouths as wide as possible while using their crazy gravitational pull toward them.

Whether demons or spaceships, all of them were seen fighting for their lives to not get sucked inside those pitch-black holes.

Alas, resistance was futile...

"Noooooo!!!"

"Dear god, please protect my family..."

"I didn't think it would end like this...Huh."

Each crewman had a different reaction to their upcoming death as some begged, some prayed, and some accepted their fate with their eyes closed.

They knew that no one was going to rescue them as this was a battlefield and heroes didn't exist in them.

Their assumption was right as the alliance leaders, Commander Nethrael, generals, and even other crewmen merely had stoic expressions as they watched those spaceships disappear into the void of those Leviathans' mouths.

No one cried, not felt angry, and no one lost control over their emotions...During an active battlefield, emotions had no place.

"Bastards, they must have already known about Leviathans' prowess for them to react this quickly!"

Meanwhile, Prince Beelzebub and his brothers weren't too pleased with the end result...A thousand spaceships might seem like a lot, but the alliance's forces were in the hundreds of thousands!

The worst part, they ended up sacrificing plenty of their demon armies for merely a thousand.

"It's alright, our demons will be resurrected and they still can not do anything to our Leviathans besides scattering like mice." Prince Satan sneered.

If only it was possible to take those words back, he would have done it in a heartbeat if he knew what was about to happen next.

"Prepare the synchronized plasma beam." Commander Nethrael ordered calmly.