Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1307 The Battle For Tartarus! IV (The End)

Slice!

Out of nowhere, a shadow blade emerged from Prince Beelzeubub's shadow and left a long bloody gash on his chest after he reflexively moved to the side.

If it wasn't for his sharp instinct, his head would have been flying in the air!

In a split second, the wound was healed after crimson mist covered it.

"Not bad." Shadowborns Ruler Hogan emerged from multiple shadows around Prince Beelzeubub, surrounding him from all sides.

"Shadow manipulation." Prince Beelzebub frowned, "You must be the leader of these weaklings slaves."

"I am a leader, but no one here is a slave." Shadowborns Ruler Hogan smiled coldly, "Now, let's get this over with."

Drawing upon his shadow abilities, Shadowborns Ruler Hogan summoned dark tendrils that snaked and writhed around his arms...His eyes glowed with an ethereal, violet light as he prepared to engage in this deadly dance.

He took a deep breath, steeling his resolve, and charged forward with a burst of supernatural speed!

All of his clones did the same, which made Prince Beelzebub swing his massive arm around him, conjuring a tempest of malevolent red energy that streaked toward Shadowborns Ruler Hogan clones!

But Shadowborns Ruler Hogan was prepared... With a swift motion of his hand, he created a swirling vortex of shadows, which deflected the incoming attack.

However, since potent evil energy was used, the vortex of shadows ended up turning slightly red in shade the moment it made contact with the tempest!

Instead of the vortex dissipating, it actually turned around and assaulted the nearest shadow clone!

The moment contact was made with the clone, it ended up getting corrupted as well and becoming redder in shade.

'Sh*t, he is using my own shadow abilities against me."

Shadowborns Ruler Hogan was forced to disengage as he lost his clones one by one until they turned against him.

The first thing he did was cut off their fuel, thinking that without his elemental energy, those clones would break into particles.

But he couldn't be more wrong as those clones were now considered made out of mostly evil energy even when they still resembled shadow clones!

"Kill him."

Prince Beelzebub ordered coldly as he manifested a magnificent demonic spikey whip...It was completely red in color and looked as solid as any other whip.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

No one would guess that it was made out of crystallized evil energy and a single touch with it would leave anyone reconsidering his faith.

Whoosh! Whoosh!...

As Shadowborns Ruler Hogan was evading those clones' attacks, he was forced to dance as elegantly as he could to avoid the incoming swings of Prince Beelzebub's whip.

He danced gracefully, melding with the shadows, evading the onslaught with each nimble step.

Prince Beelzebub kept adding pressure on him by firing projectiles from the least expected directions. Obviously, Shadowborns Ruler Hogan was also using multiple dangerous shadow attacks like spikes rising from the ground.

Alas, even when Prince Beelzebub allowed those attacks to land on him, his wounds healed almost instantaneously!

When Shadowborn Ruler Hogan realized that this wasn't going anywhere, he tried to enter his shadow realm and think of a better strategy.

But just as he was about to commit to it, A sudden rush of dense gray fog filled the entire area, making it impossible for one to even see their fingers.

"A fog elementalist?"

Prince Beelzebub looked around him with a startled expression...He thought that shadow elementalists ruled the invaders'

forces, but he didn't expect that another elementalist race would be involved.

Before he could wrap his mind around the thought, his instincts screamed at him to dodge!

Alas, when he tried to jump to the side, he found out that his body was immobile like he was being held by a pack of ghosts!

Unbeknownst to him, the moment he got inside Emperor Runnonth's fog, his mind was already assaulted by a wicked mental attack that changed his mind's order configuration!

In other words, when he was ordering his body to move, he was in fact ordering it to remain standing still!!

The scariest thing about this was that Prince Beelzebub felt absolutely nothing when he was hit with this mental attack!

Even if he found out about it now, it would have been too late.

With a fierce determination in his eyes, The Pandion's High Honor Jara lowered his outstretched hands, aiming directly at Prince Beelzeubub's wicked heart.

The air crackled with anticipation as the neutral energy condensed, taking on a brilliant white hue...It swirled and coalesced, forming into a concentrated beam of pure, condensed power!

Then...

The energy beam surged forward, its luminescent core cutting through the fog with unparalleled intensity.

The air sizzled and distorted in its wake, the sheer force of its presence rippling through the battlefield!

As the beam closed in on its target, time seemed to slow. The light refracted and shimmered, casting intricate patterns across the demon's grotesque form.

The energy beam's radiant brilliance illuminated every sinister detail of Beelzebub's twisted essence.

Without warning, the intense beam collided with its intended mark-the demon's torso.

A cataclysmic explosion of power erupted upon impact, shaking the very foundation of reality.

The air trembled and roared, a shockwave radiating outward, obliterating everything in its path!

The fog was cleared out, the shadows were obliterated, and even the spaceship's structure wasn't spared as the walls burst apart akin to cardboard paper, causing everything to get hurled outside of the spaceship!

"F*cking hell, Jara, a bit of warning won't hurt!" Ruler Hogan complained as he emerged from High Honor Jara's shadow.

"Stop whining and go check on the demon." High Honor Jara uttered indifferently with smoke still emitting from his furry bear's paws.

The Fog Crawlers' Emperor Runnonth appeared next to them as a cloud of fog.

A creepy insect-like mouth manifested alone in the fog and spoke with an emotionless tone, "No need, his corpse has been thrown outside of the spaceship...It's best that we retreat before he resurrects himself."

Emperor Runnonth was extremely rational and never let even an ounce of ego or pride get in the process of his thinking.

The smartest decision in his eyes was to make the mothership retreat completely from the battlefield to avoid another invasion by Prince Beelzebub.

He was certain that Prince Beelzebub would be much more difficult to handle next time now that he knew of their true prowess.

Commander Nethreal shared his thought process as the moment he noticed that Prince Beelzeubu was kicked out, he took off into the distance while ordering his fleets to commit their attack on the unprotected capital planet!

The Mothership was the most important part of the fleet and it must never fall.

Meanwhile, Prince Beelzebub could be seen unlocking his demonic infuriated eyes amidst the battlefields' space rubble.

When he saw that the mothership had disappeared and his planet was being rushed at by an unfathomable number of spaceships, his face turned dark.

"Bastards!"

He felt cheated as he didn't think that there would be three powerful fighters amidst those weaklings...He was taking it easy for a second before his chest was blown off.

The first thing he did was warn his brothers to not fall into the same trap.

"What are you talking about? They're just a bunch of weaklings.'

Prince Satan remarked with a casual tone as he was standing amidst tens of ruined corpses. All of them belonged to famously known Ex-SGPlayers who were strong enough to strike terror into the hearts of commoners.

Yet, here they were lying on the ground without a breath...

'Though, I am surprised that there are many unique elementalists amidst them.' Prince Belphegor said with an intrigued tone as he looked at the demonized small army before him.

Unlike Prince Satan, he demonized the guardians as he wanted to know more about the SGAlliance.

'Indeed, I am starting to think that those invaders have really come from beyond the eternal darkness...There is no way so many unique races will be in a single galaxy.' Prince Abaddon uttered with a glimmer in his eyes.

"Whatever! My planet is under attack, we need to return and protect it!"

Prince Beelzebub changed the subject swiftly to avoid his brothers asking him about his catastrophic failure when they had succeeded in conquering their targets.

"There is no need to return, just order the leviathans to stand guard with their gravitational pull active and those spaceships wouldn't dare get nearer to the planet.' Prince Mammon suggested.

This was exactly what Prince Beelzebub did to keep the SGAlliance's fleet from getting dangerously close to his planet's atmosphere.

With the Leviathans' crazy pulling force, Commander Nethereal didn't dare risk losing his other fleets.

"Announce a full retreat and swiftly tell the rest of the guardians to return to their warships. Also, inform the troops on the invaded warships to do whatever it takes to escape." He ordered.

"But sir..."

His subordinate found it a bit difficult to accept his order as it meant giving up on those invaded five warships and everyone on it.

"Do it." Commander Nethrael stressed coldly.

As much as it pained Commander Nethrael, he knew that sending more guardians to those warships was the same as sending them to their death.

As for sending the three leaders to save them? He knew that those princes wouldn't hesitate to gang up on them and kill them...Even worse, demonize them and turn them to their side.

His final plan was to pressure the six princes to defend their unprotected planet, but their swift countermeasure of using the Leviathans blocked it.

"To win this war, we can't have those princes stay together."

Commander Nethreal narrowed his eyes as he watched all of his fleets retreating away from the capital.

"We must divide and conquer."

Felix understood that he wanted to attack the six demon realms simultaneously to force each prince to remain in his own capital.

"This would have ended in the first ten minutes if you were here.' Asna said lazily.

Felix remained silent as he knew that she was right...While the six demon princes' strength was quite noteworthy if they didn't underestimate their targets, it was still nothing before him.

Alas, Felix's true enemies weren't those demons but the darkins who could put him through the same fate.

"The day I truly step inside the seven demon realms, I'll have no more enemies here." Felix uttered with an icy tone.