1309 A Small Hope.

"Girls...I miss you too, but how about you put some clothes on first?" Felix said with a wry smile.

When the girls heard and glanced below, their cheeks reddened in embarrassment...In a swift manner, they broke out of their hug and covered themselves with beautiful elegant nano dresses.

Only now did Felix smile comfortably and brought them back into his hug, catching them off guard.

"I hope those past three centuries haven't been too rough on you." He wished.

When he merely spent three years more or less on the outside, Selphie and Olivia went through three whole centuries...It was understandable that their reaction would be this overwhelming when they saw Felix.

"Everyone was good to us and we have learned a lot." Olivia replied with a delighted tone.

"I can see that." Felix chuckled while flickering her on the forehead, "I didn't think you had it in you to enter the Origin Realm without me."

"You told me when you feel ready to do it, you should go for it." Olivia smiled happily, "A century ago, I had a sudden urge to break through and I felt that if I missed it, I will never have the guts to do it again."

"You did it on your own?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

Felix knew that would be an insane achievement that even Noah wasn't able to pull off after putting in his sweat and blood to prepare for the breakthrough.

"No, I got help from Elder Yggdrasil." Olivia explained as she pointed at Selphie, "It turned out, the elder was keeping a wisp of consciousness in Selphie's consciousness space all along."

"I see."

As the bloodline owner, Lady Yggdrasil would have easily made the process much smoother for Olivia just like how Fenrir helped Noah.

Still, Felix knew that would have been extremely difficult on Olivia as Noah's breakthrough process took days of hellish agony.

For Olivia to push through it as well, she really wanted it more than anything else.

"Congratulations...Who would have known that our little Oli will become the second semi-primogenitor." Felix patted her on the head with a proud smile, "I guess you have gotten a plant element limited manipulation and a considerable enhancement?"

"Yep! mn Olivia nodded with an eager look, seemingly wanting to show off her progress before him. But, she held herself from doing so, knowing that Felix had just returned and needed some time to feel at home.

"That's good to hear." Felix turned to Selphie and asked with a faint smile, "What about you? Any breakthroughs during your time spell studies?"

"Not so much...I have barely managed to decipher the runic codex and create two lesser time spells from it during your absence."

Selphie bit her upper lip while looking at the other side, seemingly embarrassed by her achievements when in front of Felix.

As the love of her life, she tried her very best to create many new time spells so she could astound him when he returned, but she wasn't satisfied in the slightest with her results.

When Felix realized her intentions, his eyelids couldn't help but twitch.

"Two whole new time spells created and mastered in a couple of centuries, yet she is still disappointed. She really makes me mad sometimes.'

Felix was still struggling with greater spatial spells even with his cheat clones' help in the UVR due to the runic spells'

complexity raising and his comprehension was not on par.

His wisdom eye would have helped him a great deal with this, but Lord Shiva was still ignoring his existence, not bothering to help him with anything unless he felt like it.

If it wasn't for this, Felix would have already requested him to meet King Mahit and his descendants.

But with their tense unfriendly relationship, he knew that he would be shot down and he didn't want to waste the sole opportunity for King Mahit...It wouldn't be fair for him.

"Two new time spells is something worth celebrating." Felix praised, "I hope I will have the honor to be the first one to learn them after you."

"You are flattering me too much. I still have a lot to learn." Selphie got somewhat shy.

"Don't we all?" Felix chuckled for a moment before asking with a curious tone, "Where are that fatty and Noah?"

"Didn't you hear? Brother Bodidi has long since departed from the planet." Olivia reported.

"Where did that troublemaker go?" Felix frowned.

"He hit a wall a long time ago and wasn't learning much on his own. When Elder Strauvis saw that he was wasting his time fooling around, he sent him packing to the spatial god in the galaxy. I hope he is bettering his spatial manipulation, we kinda didn't hear from him for a while now." Olivia answered with a somewhat hopeful tone.

"Is that so? It's about time he receives proper guidance."

Felix was gratified with the news as he knew that if Bodidi truly put his mind into mastering his spatial manipulation, he would be able to do more than open long-distance wormholes between galaxies.

"As for Noah, he's spending most of his time on the north pole with Master Fenrir." Olivia sighed, "He is really too hard on himself as we have barely met him in the past century."

"I expected as much."

Felix wasn't really that surprised...While he had already embraced his family/people's death and was focusing wholeheartedly on avenging them, Noah was still hung on saving his sister even if it meant going to the spirit realm.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Knowing that everything he wanted to do had a giant strength threshold, Noah was pushing himself to make a difference.

"He has been making great strides I have heard." Selphie shared, "With him becoming a semi-primogenitor with a heavy blood relation to elder Fenrir, his elemental manipulation talent could be considered as unrivaled, below only elder Fenrir."

"With his insane dedication to getting stronger, he must have really gotten far in his ice manipulation." Felix assumed with a smile.

Fenrir might be living in his consciousness space, but he never bothered to share Noah's development with him.

"I heard that his physical strength is also improving at a steady pace through something called werewolves' muscles ironing?" Olivia uttered with a confused tone.

"That works even after the origin realm?" Felix asked his masters this time.

He already knew that werewolves were capable of getting physically stronger through constant battles due to that innate condition.

That's why Noah was always fighting much stronger monsters than him as his muscles kept getting tougher and tougher.

But he didn't think that even after reaching the origin realm, he would still be able to continue taking advantage of it.

After all, it was known that the origin realm was the end of the road for bloodliners due to the enhancements received hitting the limit.

Each bloodliner might have a different limit, which was translated to a different enhancement, but no one was able to get stronger beyond the origin realm unless it was a temporary boost.

"We found out that being a semi-primogenitor gave him a new limitation and even though he was already an origin bloodliner, he still has too much to improve.' Lady Sphinx answered.

"We kinda hope that the situation is the same for you too.' Thor mentioned.

With Felix's foundation being one of the greatest in the entire universe for a bloodliner, it only implied that his limitation would break off the ceiling.

If reaching the origin realm didn't help him reach his limit, then he would still continue getting stronger and stronger.

This meant that Felix would actually have the chance to overcome even primogenitors' limitations and go beyond!

'At this moment, I only hope to break through the origin realm as naturally as possible.' Felix uttered with a serious tone.

Felix did not tell anyone but he had a small hope that if Noah and Olivia became semi-primogenitors through an unnatural breakthrough, then would it be possible to become a real and new primogenitor when he entered the origin realm?