Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1310 The Darkins' First Meeting With Lucifer!

After spending some time chatting with the girls and updating them about the situation on the outside, Felix took off with them toward the Emerland Glen Village.

When he arrived, he met with Chief Cloveris, Chieftess Sunflower, and the rest of the villagers...Felix made their day happier as he brought out gifts for all of them.

Since he was gone for a very long time, Chief Cloveris proposed holding a welcoming party for him.

As much as Felix wanted to reject it, everyone seemed so excited to have a party and he didn't want to ruin the mood.

So, he made sure to at least invite Noah and all the tribe chiefs that he had a good relationship with...Even Lord Heatiaz was invited!

After Nimo's alter ego had stolen his pride and greed, he became the most pacifist and most chill Elemental in the whole galaxy...With years going by, he became friends with all tribal chiefs and never looked back.

During the party...

"We have heard rumors that the alliance has found demons on the other side of the universe. Is that true?" Chief Xandor inquired with an intrigued tone.

"Yep."

Felix pressed on his AP Bracelet's screen and manifested a hologram, showing those demons' appearances.

"They sure look like fiends." Chief Drogath commented.

"I am more curious about the evil energy. The ability to corrupt everything sure sounds like our nemesis."

Since evil energy affected even environments, Felix felt a sudden chill course on his spine at the thought of evil energy corrupting Elementals.

Since they had consciousness, it meant that evi energy would corrupt their minds and would force them to seek out purities just like the others.

This would make even planets' consciousness seek out to devour purities from other planets and throw the entire peaceful galaxy into mayhem.

"As long as foremother exists, no such thing will ever invade our galaxy." Lord Heatiaz spoke lazily while drinking a pina colada with a straw, appearing like he was on vacation.

"True.""

Felix's worries faded away the moment he recalled that monstrous entity watching over the Elementals.

Whoosh!

With a sudden flash of light, everyone turned around to look at the new arrival.

"Glad you can join us." Felix remarked with a faint chuckle after seeing Noah walking towards them with his usual expressionless face and snow covering his shoulders and hair.

He was in his human form, showing absolutely no relation to werewolves whatsoever even though his true form was a clone of Fenrir.

Noah nodded at everyone in greeting and sat next to Felix...Then, there was no then, he just remained silent throughout the whole conversation about the demons.

Everyone was already familiar with his eccentricities, so no one paid him any attention.

After a couple of hours, the party was concluded and everyone returned to their homes except Noah as he decided to stay in the village for the next few days.

Felix also remained in the village to take somewhat of a break before he could restart his training from where he left off.

He still needed to work on his gemstone and lightning manipulation. In addition to his dragon/devourer marks as he had brought with him many more natural treasures and elemental minerals than last time.

In the past three years, he made Meriam collect them from the dwarves and the dragons.

It was quite easy as many upper-echelon dwarves were still her sex slaves in the shadows while the dragons had a debt to pay.

While Felix was spending some quality time with his friends, his mortal enemies could be seen getting closer and closer to the capital planet of the first demon realm, Pandemonium.

This realm was ruled by none other than the Demon King himself, Lucifer.

Instead of descending to the planet, they went past it and continued on their journey.

In a few hours, Saurous stopped his spaceship and got out with his partners.

'Damn, I can feel the Paragon of Sins' intense pressure from here.' Wendigo uttered with a deep frown as he stared at the gigantic void rift in front of him.

"Let's go.'

Mannanngal traveled toward Demon King Lucifer who could be seen sitting in the same position as last time and in the exact location.

He seemed like he didn't notice their presence as he kept his eyes closed shut, appearing like he was asleep.

"Wake up, demon.' Saurous ordered coldly as he applied some gravitational pressure on Lucifer.

When he saw that Lucifer still didn't acknowledge their existence, he added more pressure but it seemed like Lucifer wasn't feeling it.

"That's enough...We don't want to kill him and waste time on finding him again.' Wendigo said.

Saurous wasn't too pleased by this but he still retracted his pressure and Lucifer's body began its reparation.

'For him to not react, his consciousness must be in a different place." Wendigo uttered calmly as he moved to face Lucifer,

"We just need to bring it back.'

'He is all yours."

Saurous knew that Wendigo's mastery over consciousness and souls was second to best in the universe.

'Huh?!"

However, the moment Wendigo faced Lucifer and saw his facial features, he was left in absolute disbelief...In fact, if he wasn't so in control over his body, he would have killed him straightaway!

"What's wrong?' Saurous and his partner knitted their eyebrows at his reaction and went next to him.

When they saw the face of their most hated enemy, they couldn't help but feel stupefied.

eαglesnᴏνel 'Get it together, it's not him...Though, the resemblance is just so...What's the proper word?' Wendigo was the first to break out of his daze and analyze Lucifer's facial features.

'Eerie.' Manananggal helped him out after he regained control over his slight agitation.

Felix had truly put them through too much for them to react like this just from seeing his face in the most unexpected place.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

'That bastard is really on our nerves wherever we go.' Saurous' eyelids twitched in irritation.

'Is this really a coincidence?"

"What else?'

'I don't know..."

'Let's wake him up and find out.' Wendigo uttered coldly.

Just as he was about to use his darkness to invade Lucifer's mind, his yellowish eyes were unlocked in a sudden manner and it was followed by an intense release of the most potent evil energy!!

The darkins defended themselves from the burst of evil energy but they were left startled when they noticed that it was so potent, it broke past their barriers!!

'How is this possible?!" Saurous exclaimed in shock as he found himself getting pushed back with his partners!!!

The space around Lucifer seemed to crackle with malevolence as an intense gush of crimson-red mist swirled around him, emanating an aura of raw power and unfathomable corruption.

The mist coiled and writhed, creating an oppressive atmosphere that sent shivers down the spines of even the bravest souls.

As the crimson mist swirled and coalesced, it seemed to meld with Lucifer's very essence, intensifying the corruption that emanated from him.

His eyes, blazing like twin infernos, pierced through the mist, revealing profound wisdom tempered by eons of corruption!

"You dare bring your filth near my mother's resting place?" Lucifer used his evil energy mist as a medium to voice his displeasure and resentment.

'Filth?' Saurous looked at his partners and pointed his finger at himself, 'Did he really just call us filth?"

'You're free to teach him his place but do not kill him."

Mannanngal permitted, knowing that Saurous had the shortest fuse of them all and he would never let such an insult slide.

'Don't worry, I have no plans to play too much with him."

Saurous snickered as he released his spiritual pressure, wanting to overpower Lucifer with it and cripple him.

However, what happened next was enough to shock even the cool-headed Manananggal.

BOOOOOOOM!!

Lucifer retaliated coldly with his own spiritual pressure, causing both auras to smash against each other in the middle and create a thundering explosion that sent the evil energy mist flying everywhere!

Lucifer retaliated coldly with his own spiritual pressure, causing both auras to smash against each other in the middle and create a thundering explosion that sent the evil energy mist flying everywhere!

When the deafening silence returned, it seemed like both parties were stunned by each other's ability to block the spiritual pressure.

'Don't tell me those are the primogenitors my mother told me about?'

Lucifer raised his guard to the limit as he kept gazing at the darkins who still seemed unable to wake up from their shock.

'He is a deity...He is actually a deity?!" Saurous remarked loudly, 'What the hell is going on?!"

He couldn't accept that Lucifer was at a deity level as he always knew that demons were just a bunch of hungry leeches with immortality...Even the princes were nothing in his eyes and from the latest demonstration by Prince Beelzebub, it was understandable why he would feel this way.

'Something is off here. It's impossible for a demon to reach a deity level even if a primogenitor offered everything to help." Manananggal narrowed his eyes at the pitch-black darkness on the other side of the void rift.

When his partners saw where he was looking, they couldn't help but feel a slight shiver in their spines, 'Do not tell me...