Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1311 Demon King Lucifer Vs Gravity Primogenitor, Saurous!

All of them came to the same conclusion that this was the doing of the Paragon of Sins as no one would be able to turn a mortal into a deity besides the Unigins with their mysterious ways!

"Demon, were you talking with anyone inside the void rift?" Saurous halted his aggression as he asked with a stern tone.

"To have such audacity to barge in my sacred grounds, attack me, and now even question me with such tone, your arrogance sure knows no bounds." Lucifer replied with an indifferent look.

"Brat, stop testing our patience." Wendigo uttered coldly, "You might be at a deity level, but it means nothing before us...So, answer the question while we are still being nice."

Becoming a deity was merely stepping into the gates of the other side. It didn't mean that all deities were equal and those three had no problems with teaching Lucifer this lesson.

"How about you make me?" Lucifer smiled coldly as he teleported away from the darkness well.

It might have seemed like he teleported, but in reality, he was just so quick, he disappeared out of existence.

But as primogenitors, the darkins managed to track his movements and chase him down with irritated looks.

A few moments later, Lucifer came to a sharp halt in the emptiness of space, having nothing around him.

The moment the three primogenitors halted, Lucifer's eyes glowed with an eerie crimson light, emanating an aura of pure evil.

His dark wings stretched wide, casting a shadow across the endless expanse of space.

Wielding his power over corruption, he conjured sinister energy that swirled around him, ready to taint and defile anything it touched!

The three Primogenitors, each representing their unique elemental dominion, floated calmly in space, their presence commanding and majestic.

"A foolish decision."

Saurous sneered as he raised his outstretched hands, invoking his mastery over gravity.

Multiple space/time deformities appeared around Lucifer that were seen even in the utter darkness of space.

Out of nowhere, those deformities spread apart and connected with each other, creating a somewhat transparent reversed star with Lucifer in the center.

The star was almost hundreds of thousands of kilometers in size, making it close to impossible for Lucifer to escape from its creation range!

Wendigo and Mananangal had already distanced themselves from Saurous as they had no plans on ganging up on a mere demon even if he was at a deity level.

'Gravity primogenitor, he must be Saurous.'

Lucifer uttered in his mind with a look of interest, seemingly not worried that he was surrounded by intense gravitational anomalies capable of wrecking even planets from the inside out!

"Boy, I won't repeat myself again." Saurous asked with an icy tone, "Are you willing to cooperate peacefully?"

He was also locked inside the gravitational star, but since he had gravity immunity, he had nothing to worry about.

Lucifer merely smirked in response.

"It's your funeral."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Saurous closed his outstretched hand into a fist.

The moment he did so, all of the star sign endings released powerful pressuring gravitational waves capable of flattening even celestial bodies!

Even the fabric of space seemed to be affected by them as it was turned wavey like heat waves in a desert!

"Pandemonium's Grasp."

Lucifer tapped into the depths of his wicked power, causing his very essence to surge with malevolent energy.

The corrupted tendrils of his dark aura snaked through space, hungrily seeking to corrupt and disrupt the natural order of gravity.

When the gravitational waves collided with those tendrils, an intense battle between them occurred.

The gravitational waves tried to crash them while the tendrils seemed like they were feeding on gravity, as they kept multiplying while turning bigger!

The most shocking part? the gravitational waves were weakened continuously until they reached Lucifer with barely 1% of their original powers!!

"How?!"

"Impossible!

'Huh?"

The three darkins shared a similar dumbfounded expression.

Just like Lady Sphinx and other primogenitors, they weren't too familiar with evil energy as it was never used by the Paragon of Sins in public.

This meant all their information about it was related to the demons and from their understanding, evil energy couldn't interact with forces or concept elements due to it being an energy base.

In other words, Lucifer should be hopeless against gravity attacks!

Alas, Lucifer didn't seem like he had any plans to explain the situation.

"My turn."

eαglesnᴏνel Lucifer smiled wickedly as he sent forth those gigantic crimson tendrils in the direction of Saurous!

Saurous' instincts were a bit rusty from not fighting an equal opponent for a very long time, but they still warned him in time that he shouldn't let those creepy things get hold of him!

Saurous manifested two supermassive transparent gravitational swords and started slashing back and forth with a cold look.

His hand wasn't connected to the swords and he didn't need them to be as they were doing a fine job of keeping those tendrils away from him.

However, with each clash, the tendrils exploded into clouds of crimson evil energy before merging back with the remaining tendrils and making them much tougher!

"What the hell is going on with the universe." Wendigo uttered with widened eyes, "How can a demon obtain this kind of strength?"

"How can anyone obtain this kind of strength." Mannnanggal narrowed his eyes, '"We are primogenitors and we have been gifted for a reason. Yet, this demon and that brat seem to be hacking the system."

In the eyes of the darkins, it shouldn't be possible for mortals to cross the deity limit no matter what they did in their lives.

Felix being in his trajectory to cross it was already a miracle in their eyes that shouldn't have happened.

Now, even a demon pulled it off and without anyone knowing about it?

'It has to be the Paragon of Sins doing...He either has awakened and did this to cause even more chaos or this demon must have taken something from him.'

While those two were analyzing this unbelievable scene, Saurous and Lucifer's epic battle was getting too heated.

"You're starting to piss me off!"

Peeved at his inability to end this battle, Saurous raised his hand, summoning forth the immense power he wielded.

His will commanded the gravitational forces that bound the cosmos together.

Planets trembled and stars swayed from a distance, as he channeled the unimaginable strength of the universe's gravitational field.

With a mighty gesture, Saurous launched an onslaught of cosmic might at Lucifer!

Gravity wells materialized, swirling torrents of immense force...They converged upon the Demon King, threatening to crush him with irresistible pressure. But Lucifer was no ordinary foe.

He weaved through the onslaught, his wicked grin unyielding. His corrupted energy surged forth, corrupting the very fabric of the gravitational forces, distorting them into chaotic anomalies!!

Gravity wells twisted, their once- predictable nature morphing into uncontrollable vacuums of destruction!!

Saurous, unyielding in his resolve, focused his celestial power, seeking to restore balance to the cosmic chaos Lucifer wrought on the battlefield.

His eyes glowed with otherworldly brilliance as he summoned an immense gravitational sphere, a celestial embodiment of his indomitable strength!

Saurous directed its fury towards Lucifer, seeking to draw him into its gravitational grip. But Lucifer, ever defiant, tapped into his wicked power, summoning forth an army of corrupted asteroids and debris to shield him from its pull!

As Lucifer and Saurous clashed, the battleground became a chaotic ballet of corrupted power source and celestial forces!

"Enough!"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In a final act of cosmic harmony, Saurous unleashed a cataclysmic display of power with an infuriated glare.

Gravity surged into a single dot, warping reality itself. When Wendigo and Manananggal saw this, their faces turned black all of a sudden.

"Bastard! Are you trying to get us killed too!"

Wendigo cursed his partner who seemed to have lost it and wanted nothing but to end this humiliation with one final attack!

"Let's go, he isn't going to listen."

Manananggal didn't hesitate to take his partner with him and get as far as possible from the battlefield!

"Hmmm?"

Even Lucifer couldn't help but knit his eyebrows at the sight of intense gravitational waves spinning around themselves at a tiny dot.

Because he was somewhat near it, he could feel himself getting pulled against his will.

"You might be a deity, but you are still a mere newborn in my eyes. Now, feast your eyes on what separates mortals from deities!" Saurous called out loud as he pointed his finger at the tiny dot.

Abruptly, a singularity roared to life, an all-consuming vortex of swirling energy, threatening to swallow even the darkness that pervaded the universe!!!

When Wendigo and Mannanggal looked at it from afar, far distance, it appeared like a tiny black hole in a canvas of the starry sky like its existence did not belong in reality!

This was Saurous's one and only ultimate ability...Blackhole Manifestation!