Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1312 I Have No Soul.

'Crap!'

Lucifer's confidence faltered, for he realized the gravity of his impending doom.

With each passing moment, the irresistible pull of the black hole grew stronger, its gravitational might tugging at his essence, threatening to consume him!

He fought against the inescapable grasp, his ethereal wings outstretched, desperately attempting to push back against the all-encompassing void!

But his efforts were futile as he was too close to comfort.

The tendrils of darkness reached out, their inky grip latching onto Lucifer's form.

It was as if a thousand serpentine coils coiled around him, constricting his every movement, drawing him ever closer to the event horizon, the point of no return!

Lucifer's eyes widened in defiance as he desperately struggled for survival.

His powerful corrupted energy flickered and waned, unable to match the vast power of the cosmic abyss that ensnared him!

A primogenitor's ultimate ability used by its own creator was not a joke!

As the event horizon drew near, time itself seemed to slow. Lucifer's visage contorted in agony as the intense gravitational forces distorted his very form.

Instead of breaking into a mixture of flesh and blood, he turned into a cloud of crimson energy as it disappeared into the pitch-black darkness of the hole...

"That's what you get, sh*tty brat." Saurous scoffed with a displeased expression while closing the black hole.

When his partners noticed this from a distance, they regrouped with him.

"Was the black hole necessary?" Wendigo said with an irritated tone.

"More than you think." Saurous narrowed his eyes coldly as he recalled his battle and Lucifer's face.

The fact that Lucifer looked like Felix made it harder for him to accept the battle going on for even an additional minute.

It made him feel a bad taste in his mouth like when he finally fought with Felix, the battle wouldn't be as one-sided as he wanted.

That gave him the creeps and made it hard for him to accept.

"Well, now we have to search for that prick again." Wendigo dropped the subject with an annoyed sigh.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

They knew that Lucifer wasn't dead and he would be revived somewhere.

"Let's return to that void rift first, I want to test something." Manananggal said.

After a few minutes, the three darkins arrived at the Darkness Well.

They didn't know what to think when they noticed Lucifer sitting in front of it in a mediation position like their previous epic battle was a mere dream.

"Don't the demon princes need evil energy and some of their DNA to revive?" Wendigo inquired.

"That's what we know, but this prick is clearly different from every other demon." Saurous' eyelids twitched.

When Lucifer sensed their arrival, he opened his eyes and turned around. He gave them an indifferent look and said, "I have to admit that primogenitors are stronger than I anticipated, but if you think you can beat me for eternity, you are gravely mistaken."

"Brat, it's best that you lower your ego a notch." Saruous sneered, "You are lucky we didn't send Wendigo to deal with you. Otherwise, he would have shattered your soul."

Unlike those two, Wendigo's mastery over souls made him capable of using his darkness element to completely dominate the mental grounds.

The darkness element might not be as great as others but in the right hands? Even other primogenitors treated Wendigo with respect as they knew that their souls would be endangered.

When it came to souls, whether it was a primogenitor or a mortal, they would suffer from the same fate if one wasn't capable of defending it.

"You guys still don't get it." Lucifer shook his head, "You can use whatever you want on me. I will still come back."

"You're bluffing." Saurous frowned, "You can't possess true immortality as a mere demon."

"I have no soul, so I beg to diffe..."

Before Lucifer could finish off his sentence, Wendigo released a thin string of darkness that instantly penetrated Lucifer's forehead.

Although no blood was released, Lucifer's eyes turned completely black.

"It can't be...He really has no soul..." Wendigo was left startled when his darkness ability came back with no results.

"You can't be serious?! How can someone be alive and have the strength of a deity without a soul." Saurous knitted his eyebrows, '""He already used his spiritual pressure and we know damn well it can't exist without a soul."

Saurous wasn't freaked out about Lucifer's ability to speak without a soul as he knew that he might have a mere consciousness residing within.

Consciousness wasn't the same as a soul.

"I am not making this up...He really has no soul."

"Maybe he has it on a different body and is hiding it?"

'I don't know...His consciousness is too powerful to be a mere wisp." Wendigo shook his head.

As he pulled his darkness string, Lucifer's eyes returned to normal...He had somewhat of an irritated expression.

""Can you please leave now? I don't plan on wasting my time on a needless fight."

The darkins looked at each other with confused expressions, finding it harder and harder to understand Lucifer's existence.

"What are you?" Manananggal asked with a serious tone.

At this point, no one bothered to consider him a demon anymore even when his entire appearance and demeanor screamed a demon.

"Will you leave if I tell you?" Lucifer bargained.

After Saurous used his ultimate ability to kill him, Lucifer understood that it would be extremely difficult for him to defeat them simultaneously, which meant his time would be spent on them.

If it wasn't for this, he wouldn't have softened his tone.

"No, we are here to fulfill a mission."

"Hmmm? What's that?" Lucifer asked.

He just remembered that those three must have approached him for something instead of just alienating him.

Manananggal glanced at his partners and beamed hundreds of large shipment containers, making Lucifer raise his eyebrow in surprise.

"Is that the AP Bracelet device?"

He might not have participated in the war and ignored everyone's calls, but he still knew almost everything going on due to his lifetime mission being related to it.

"We have been sent to help your race join the UVR." Saurous said, "As their leader, we want you to handle it."

"Sent by who? The SGAlliance? That can't be right."

Even though Lucifer was new to the SGAlliance, he was certain that they had no intentions of allying with his race. In addition, they shouldn't have enough authority to send three primogenitors as their deliverymen.

"You don't need to know." Manananggal said calmly, "All you need to know is that the SGAlliance has no information about this and that those bracelets are outside of the system."

"Outside of the system?" Lucifer got intrigued.

"In other words, the SGAlliance has no control over them and they can't order Queen Ai to do anything about it. You can enter the UVR and do whatever you want as long as you do not draw too much suspicion on you."

With Loki's UVR access seemingly far out leveling even the ten rulers, it wasn't too far fetched that he could make AP Bracelets for even enemies and the SGAlliance would have no idea about it.

Even Queen Ai would keep her mouth shut if Loki wanted her.

"Interesting..." Lucifer asked, "Why are you doing this? Are you planning on bringing down the SGAlliance?"

"Enough with the questions." Saurous said with an irked tone, "You want them or not?"

Lucifer thought about it for a moment before nodding his head, "Much appreciated."

He didn't care too much about arming his people with the AP Bracelets...He wanted to access the UVR to learn more about his other half and perfect his plan.

The darkins might not know of his true purpose, but they weren't foolish to give him the bracelets and not oversee the operation.

eαglesnᴏνel After all, the last thing they needed was to anger Lord Loki as well.

"Hand them over to your people and make them understand the dos and the don'ts." Wendigo uttered as he beamed those containers back and threw the bracelet to Lucifer.

"Will do." Lucifer nodded after catching the bracelet and placing it on his wrist.

"So, how do I use this exactly?"

"Tell us first about you." Manannaggal interrogated with a series of questions, "What are you and why did you refer to this place as your mother's resting ground? Are you referring to the Paragon of Sins? If so, is he/she awake?"