Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1313 Manipulating Lucifer To Join The War!

"All I can tell you is that I am a natural-born demon...As for why am I different than my brothers?" Lucifer replied calmly, "I am simply more unique as a firstborn."

"That's it?"

Saurous and his partners weren't too pleased with his answers as they provided nothing of value.

"What about the Paragon of Sins?" Manananggal pressed on this matter more.

"I have no clue who is this Paragon of Sins you are talking about." Lucifer answered truthfully.

"How can you not know him when you are sitting in front of his slumbering area?" Wendigo frowned.

'Are they referring to my mother? Is she called the Paragon of Sins? Why are they mistaking her for a male?' Lucifer was left somewhat confused.

When the darkins saw his genuine bewilderment, they realized that he might really have no idea about the Paragon of Sins.

'Maybe the paragon didn't share anything about himself?"

'Or maybe he is still asleep as we expect and a void creature is using the demon's ignorance to fool him into believing that he is their 'mother'.' Wendigo suggested, 'After all, they do assume that the demon god is residing behind this void rift."

'That's plausible, but it won't explain how he has gotten his strength.'

Knowing that only Lucifer held all the answers, the darkins had no plans on leaving before solving this mystery.

"Were you talking with anyone inside the void rift? If you were, can you call them for us?" Manananggal inquired.

"You are asking too many questions." Lucifer got somewhat irritated. "I can talk to you about myself, but leave my mother out of this."

If it was someone else, the darkins would have already jumped on him and began using force to extract information.

Alas, Lucifer was capable of defending himself against them as well as reviving infinitely, making him fearless before anything.

'Let's drop it for now, we can find out more about the paragon of sins when we get close to him.' Wendigo suggested.

"We have all the time in the universe.'

Saurous and Manananggal agreed to his proposal as they weren't planning to leave this side of the universe anytime soon.

'I think we should manipulate him to deal with that prick.' Saurous smiled coldly, 'He will have absolutely no clue that the demon king Lucifer is a deity and this will get him killed if they ever met.'

No one seemed to know about Lucifer's true strength as even his brothers were underestimating him immensely.

After all, if he showed them that he could kill them through a mere glance, none of them would have dared to have a single thought about the throne.

'It does seem like a good strategy, but that bastard doesn't look like he has any intentions of stepping on the seven demon realms with his main body.' Wendigo frowned.

'We just need to make him have no other option but to do so.' Saurous smirked.

'How do we do that exactly?"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

'Leave it to me.' Saurous looked at Lucifer and asked, "You seem a bit too relaxed, are you even aware of the situation your race is facing?"

"They will be fine." Lucifer uttered nonchalantly.

"I don't think so." Saurous shook his head, "You have no idea what kind of enemy your race is facing. Everything that happened in the past months was nothing but an interlude. The SGAlliance hasn't even used 10% of their true strength and they still managed to conquer almost all of the seventh demon realm."

"Give them a bit more time to prepare and perfect their strategy and the remaining demon realms will fall as well."

"All of this happening without even needing their leader to make a personal move."

"Is that so?" Lucifer narrowed his eyes in focus.

The last sentence had gotten into him as he based his entire future on Felix's entry to the seven demon realms.

"How can you be so sure that their leader won't come here?" Lucifer inquired as he gazed into their eyes.

"We just know."

Saurous didn't want to let him know that they had a conflict between them and Felix to avoid having him realize that they were manipulating him.

Although his answer wasn't satisfactory one bit, Lucifer still decided to trust in their words for one simple reason.

'I can't let anything jeopardize my future...If my people can't handle the war and force him to appear, I just have to force

nye him on my own.' Lucifer declared with a cold expression.

When the darkins saw his change of attitude on the matter, they looked at each other with hidden glints in their eyes.

'We just need to keep an eye on him now.'

'Even if someone he didn't manage to kill that bastard, we will take it from there."

"That's right.'

The darkins understood that having a deity participating in a mortal war would automatically make it one-sided...Don't even mention Lucifer, who couldn't be harmed, or killed, and even had the ability to demonize armies and make them his loyal subjects.

If he made his move, he would either push the SGAlliance into surrendering and have an early exit from the seven demon realms or force out Felix and the other strongest fighters to handle him.

The SGAlliance could never surrender!

*****

A couple of months later...

The situation in the seventh demon realm Tartarus was still peaceful.

The SGAlliance hadn't made any drastic invasions on either Prince Beelzebub's capital planet or on other demon realms.

However, the seventh demon realm could be said now to have completely fallen into the SGAlliance's hands.

Almost all lesser demons had been eradicated and other races freed and joined the alliance. The planets were being developed at a rapid pace with cities, towns, and military bases, raising up akin to mushrooms in a forest.

One could say that everything was going smoothly on the SGAlliance's side.

But, unbeknownst to them, the demons in other realms weren't waiting with folded arms for the executioners to arrive.

Demon King Lucifer had made his presence known to his brothers and his realm.

He had also handed out many containers filled with bracelets to his brothers, who in turn had shared them with their people.

Right now, the demons possessed all sorts of knowledge about the SGAlliance, making them prepare for the war even better.

But still no one made the first move and the peace seemed like it would last for a very long time...

On the other side of the universe, Felix had emptied his mind of anything related to the war as he embarked on a new journey to Thunder Tribe.

He wanted to work on his lightning elemental manipulation and give it at least five hundred years to match his other advanced elements.

Although he found it a bit difficult to handle their asshole chief, with everyone's recommendation and Felix's good reputation, he ended up getting accepted to the tribe and even received some help from the chief.

As he was working out, Lady Sphinx was also investing her time in fulfilling the miracle of having Felix add another bloodline before hitting the origin realm.

Unbeknownst to Felix and the others, she was working on this project by using the clone inside the Elementals Galaxy.

This meant she had spent hundreds of years on this project!

"Is this really the only method available?" Lady Sphinx murmured as she paced in her portal lab.

She lifted her head and read some gibberish data on a screen before focusing on Felix's perfect clone that was lying on the surgery table in front of her.

"All other methods were deemed as a failure and even when one of them succeeded, it resulted in terrible side-effects after he reached the origin realm." Lady Sphinx pondered.

"Isn't this still better than nothing? He might lose a mutation and some of his strength, but it will help him gain much more." Elder Strauvis shared his opinion as he watched her work through the wall.

Lady Sphinx was used to him watching and allowed him to do it freely since he never bothered her.

"But, I will be putting him in a difficult position where he has to give up on a permanent mutation, ability, and anything related to that bloodline." Lady Sphinx massaged her temples, "With the bloodlines' owners residing in his mind, it's an extremely tough position."

eαglesnᴏνel "I don't know." Elder Strauvis said casually, "In my eyes, he shouldn't care too much about such things and chose the best option that will enable him to move further in his life."

"If it meant giving up on a bloodline? So, be it."

"I suppose." Lady Sphinx also shared the same view, but she knew that Felix wouldn't think of it in this way when those bloodlines and their masters had helped him through his journey.

But, as a scientist and a researcher, her job was over the moment she found a plausible method to pull off another bloodline.

What came next depended on Felix alone.

"I guess it's time to break out the news." Lady Sphinx said calmly as she watched her student trying his best to train his lightning manipulation.