Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Through the swirling vortices, the SGAlliance Super Spacefleet emerges, a mighty leviathan of glittering vessels, stretching far beyond sight.

At the forefront was the Mothership, its vast form dwarfing nearby stars.

Commander Nethrael activated the fleet-wide comm system.

"All wings, engage FTL drive and proceed to your assigned demon realms. Let's bring peace back to our universe."

On his command, the already devised fleet charged in perfect formations toward the nearest demonic planets, wanting to conquer the demon realms in a slow but steady manner.

Since the princes couldn't leave their core territories unprotected, knowing that the SGAlliance was capable of creating wormholes connecting the two sides, they left most of those bordering planets without reinforcement.

This caused them to fall down in the blink of an eye as the demons residing in them had absolutely no chance against their forceful power.

This overwhelming wide invasion hadn't gone unnoticed by the princes.

"It has begun." Prince Satan said with narrowed eyes.

"All we have to do now is wait." Prince Belphegor said.

"Did Lucifer make his move?"

"Probably." 

Everyone stared at the empty throne of Lucifer, knowing that the entire war's fate relied on him heavily.

...

The tranquility of the cosmic wilderness was shattered by a terrifying spectacle. The space-time fabric trembled, shivered, and then began to distort. Enormous monstrous demonic worms, beings of colossal size and nightmarish design, surged from the dark void.

Their gaping maws exuded an eldritch energy that bent the cosmos to their will.

Behind them, space twisted and contorted, forming gaping wormholes.

The portals resonated with an ominous hum, a dissonant chorus echoing across the stars, announcing the forthcoming horror.

From within the tumultuous maw of each wormhole, a terrifying force started to pour forth. Armies of demons, a horrifying swarm of chaos and destruction, marched out onto the stage of the cosmos!

And there, hovering above them all, a figure of supreme terror, the Demon King Lucifer. His menacing silhouette was backlit by the dread glow of the wormholes...His eyes, reflecting a galaxy of suffering were focused with an indifferent intent.

"Corrupt everything and anything."

Lucifer ordered under the diabolical cheers of his demonic army that seemed to be stretching for eternity...Their destination? The SGAlliance's first-ever base on the other side, all the planets in the Revria N1 system!

"General Martha! We are being invaded from all sides by a flood of demons!"

Lucifer's sudden assault hadn't gone unnoticed as all radars, motion detectors, and even cameras had picked them up the moment they appeared in the Revria N1 system.

"Sh*t, were they waiting until we sent away most of our armies?!"

General Martha, the one responsible for the protection of the solar system, showed a hardened expression at the horrific sight of the demon army.

There were at least a million space monsters mixed with lesser demons riding on their backs and even multiple Leviathans were seen following them from the back!

Before General Martha could order anything, she knew that such a matter had to be reported to the leaders.

"With such a large army attacking our base, their demon realms must have been left unprotected...Did they give up on them?" Emperor Lokhil remarked.

"What's there to give?" Queen Alfreda frowned, "They knew that it would be impossible for them to defend most of their territories against our armies' speed and power."

"So, instead of just waiting for us to reach their capital like the last time, they have decided to bring the fight to our doorstep?" Queen Allura reasoned.

"This will make them ensure that we either send back most of the reinforcement to defend the Revria N1 system or take advantage of the opportunity to continue our conquest, but end up giving up it." High Chietain Lokaka praised with a faint scoff, "Pretty smart of them, I give them that."

"If we made most of our troops return, we will be falling into their trap and forcefully fight against their strongest army." Emperor Lokhil gritted his teeth, "We will be suffering much more casualties in this manner."

From a rational and strategic standpoint, the best decision to make was to give up on Revria N1 and accelerate the conquest of the seven demon realm now that their territories were left unguarded.

It would be one solar system traded for seven demon realms'...It was a no-brainer decision.

However, this was the SGAlliance, the strongest force in the entire universe...There was absolutely no way they would take the easy way and give the demons the satisfaction of conquering their first base and killing most of their people.

The entire Revria N1 system was now heavily populated and could be considered an integral part of the alliance due to it being the center of the connecting bridge between the two sides.

Although the SGAlliance could create another bridge, they still couldn't give up on the Revria N1 system due to Luminaris being an alliance member and they had to protect them and their planet.

"Close the bridge to avoid any demon sneaking into our universe and call back the conquest." Felix ordered calmly after waiting for everyone's input.

"But, the plan..."

"Plans can change, people's lives can't return." Felix clarified with a flat tone, "Plus if we took down this demon army, the seven demon realms will be ours without needing too much effort."

In Felix's eyes, the seven demon realms would go nowhere and they could always conquer it when they take down this massive demon army.

"He is right, this army must be the last hail mary of the demons, taking it down translate to winning the war." Queen Alfreda frowned, "Although, the demon princes will still be a massive headache to us with their immortality."

"We don't know if the princes have come along with the army or not." Queen Allura added.

None of them wanted to repeat what happened the last time the six princes made a move personally on them.

"We have the best of the best in our army this time." High Chieftain Lokaka sneered, "I dare them to attack us personally."

High Chieftain Lokaka wasn't saying this to sound cocky as the SGAlliance had really sent their strongest fighters to hold down the demon princes.

High Chieftain Lokaka, The Ruiner, The dragon clan heads, most of the top ten Hive Knight Guards, the high elves' royal family's guardians, and many more inner circle leaders, such as Ruler Hogan.

In their minds, with this kind of setup, it would be near impossible for them to get defeated by the demon princes!

'Something smells fishy here...Why didn't they wait until our army got too involved in the conquest before making their move? It's like they wanted us to pull back our army and fight it.' Felix thought to himself.

Unbeknownst to Felix, this was exactly what Lucifer desired.

...

A couple of hours later...

Across the expanse of the Revria N1 system, the celestial ballet of war was unfolding.

The SGAlliance fleets, guardians of the interstellar democracy, were locked in battle with the most vicious and merciless race in the universe, the demons.

Since the demon army entered the Revria N1 system from different directions, it resulted in hundreds of epic separated battles.

Even though the demon army consisted of more than a million space monsters and lesser demons riding them, the SGAlliance troops were holding strong, as solar flares provided the backdrop to their savage ballet while waves of charged particles painted the battlefield with hues of violent beauty!

Asteroids became collateral damage, shattered by the unfathomable energy unleashed. Comets crossed the battlefield like silent observers, their icy trails seeming to weep for the inevitable losses of this cosmic conflict.

"Three Leviathans are approaching Gorrana. Do I have permission to use the planet destroyer weapon or the Celestial Sun Burner weapon to slay them?" Commander Nethrael asked as he addressed the leaders.

"There is no point in hiding our strongest weapons at this stage." Queen Alfreda said as she looked at her peers, "I suggest we use them to eliminate those behemoths once and for all."

"Seconded."

"Agreed."

No one rejected the proposal and Commander Nethrael quickly released the order for his subordinates to aim the planet destroyer weapons at those three Leviathans.

Similar to the one used by Manananggal, the enormous rectangle-shaped smooth silver weapons pointed their enormous circular deep dent at the Leviathans.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The first planet destroyer, "Perseus," hummed to life. A blinding white light gathered at its apex, the air around it distorting with the sheer magnitude of gathering energy.

The light solidified into a coherent beam, then, with a thunderous, reality-rending roar, the Omega White Beam erupted towards the nearest Leviathan!!

The beam met the monstrous entity with cataclysmic force. The space around the impact point warped, twisting with the violent interplay of energies.

The leviathan roared in pain, a soundless vibration resonating through the fabric of space, as a part of its immense form disintegrated into stardust!!

It was utterly erased from existence!

"Dear god..."

Queen Danika and her people have left with mouths wide open and pale complexities as they had witnessed this scene from the surface of their planet in vivid detail!

Before they could wake up from their daze,  the second weapon, "Theseus," discharged its beam.

It sliced through the cosmic void, a spear of radiant destruction, striking the second leviathan!

The creature recoiled, its shriek vibrating the hulls of the nearby ships.

It flailed in tortured agony, its miasma burning off under the relentless onslaught of the Omega White Beam until it was no more than a fading echo of the terror it once embodied!

Almost simultaneously, the third planet destroyer, "Orion," fired, not giving the demons or the Leviathan even a moment to react.

The beam pierced the void, an arrow of blinding luminosity, and impaled the final Leviathan while it was just about to use gravitational waves as a barrier.

It thrashed, tendrils writhing, scales flickering erratically in the light of its impending doom.

Then, with a final, resonating throb of space-time, the last Leviathan evaporated into the cosmic ether.

In the aftermath, the silent void bore witness to the finality of the Omega White Beams.

The leviathans, once the harbingers of annihilation, were now nothing more than fading embers against the backdrop of infinity...

The nearby demons were left with hearts beating out of their chests, incapable of believing what their eyes had just fed them.

Woaaaah!! Clap Clap Clap!!...

On the other side, the SGAlliance's troops' morals were off the roof as even those horrific Leviathans were proved to be nothing before their weapons, don't even mention the rest of the demons!

As Felix was watching this spectacle scene with a look of discomfort as it reminded him of what apocalyptic scene Earth went through, his weakened senses didn't pick up the change of air behind him.

"A cool piece of tech you have there."

However, when he heard this cool-toned statement near his ears, he sprung up from his chair reflexively before turning around with a cold expression.

"You?!"

When he turned around, his cold expression was replaced by a stunned look.

"We finally meet, my destined other half."

Lucifer uttered with a flat tone but the creepy glimmer of excitement in his eyes couldn't be hidden!

....