Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

1320 The War For The Universe. IV

"SEND CHIEFTAIN LOKAKA TO BUY YOU TIME AND EVACUATE THE MOTHERSHIP RIGHT NOW!" Felix roared in Commander Nethrael's ears, making his heart skip a beat.

He never saw the Grand Supreme acting this agitated and it was more than enough to make him understand that Lucifer wasn't to be messed with.

Unfortunately, before he could act on the order, High Chieftain Lokaka, Ruler Hogan, and the rest of the appointed guardians had already mobilized themselves to stop Lucifer without waiting for his order.

"I am grateful that you look like our grand supreme...This will make it even more satisfying to trash you." High Chieftain Lokaka stated with a faint smirk as he eyed Lucifer from across a massive corridor.

The passageway stretched out before their eyes, an intricate web of metal and mystery that seemed to breathe with its own enigmatic energy.

"I couldn't agree more." Clan head Ygos sneered.

He was standing behind him in his humanoid form while accompanied by clan head Azesdirth and a few more powerful royal dragons from the other few more powerful royal dragons from the other clans.

Ruler Hogan was also there, but he was hiding in the shadow realm with his subordinates.

The remaining guardians had yet to arrive as they were positioned across the entire mothership and its size made it hard even for them to cross in no time.

"You must be the space worm leader." Lucifer said calmly.

'Hmm? How did he know? Did they get information about me from the captured troops?' High Chieftain Lokaka frowned.

"I was looking for you, I am really thankful that you saved me the trouble by showing up like this."

Lucifer gave him a cold smile as he extended his palm in the direction of High Chieftain Lokaka.

Then, there was no then...High Chieftain Lokaka found himself frozen in place unable to think or use elemental abilities.

'Spiritual Pressure... How can that be...'

'Lucifer is at a primogenitor level. Don't get face-to- face with him.' Queen Ai delivered a somewhat late message in High Chieftain Lokaka's ears from Felix.

When High Chieftain Lokaka heard the term 'primogenitor' being used, he felt his heart fall into the pits of his stomach as he realized that his carefree cocky attitude had just sealed his fate...

Lucifer teleported in front of High Chieftain Lokaka, coming face to face with him.

His smile widened a bit as he uttered with a pleased tone, "From now on, you will be my personal driver."

Before High Chieftain Lokaka could react to his peculiar statement, he found himself engulfed completely with a thick crimson mist.

'NOOOOOO0000000000...Aghhhhh.'

His terrified despairing scream was turned into an agonizing scream as both his mind and body were getting demonized at an uncanny speed in front of his own people.

Clan head Ygos, Azesdirth, Ruler Hogan, and everyone watching through the security cameras were left unable to react...

The only difference was that clan head Ygos and the rest of the guardians around Lucifer were also under his spiritual pressure, which crippled them both mentally and physically, while the others simply couldn't believe that the second-strongest fighter in their alliance was taken out so easily.

It wasn't even a fight, it looked like an adult taking candy from a child, and the surrounding children could do nothing but cower in fear.

'I can't, I can't move my body! Help me!'

'Primogenitor's spiritual pressure...We are doomed.'

'Ruler Hogan! Save us quickly!"

Clan head Azesdirth beseeched telepathically, knowing that Ruler Hogan and his subordinates weren't put under Lucifer's spiritual pressure due to being in another dimension.

If High Chieftain Lokaka didn't act too arrogantly and played it safe by watching from a different dimension, the situation would have been different.

But in his favor, no one in the entire universe would expect a demon to have a deity's spiritual pressure, which was the only thing capable of making mortals' strength seem futile.

'Shadow Snatch.

Understanding the severity of the situation, Ruler Hogan swiftly dragged clan head Ygos, Azesdirth, and the rest of the dragons into the shadow realm through their shadows.

"Where do you think you're going?" Lucifer gave a mere indifferent glance at the dragons.

Whoosh!!

Abruptly, the shadows dragging them turned crimson red and released their clutches on them, causing the clan heads and the other dragons to show utter despair on their faces.

"You are coming along too." Lucifer stated calmly as he engulfed them all in the same crimson mist, not giving them even a chance to think of another solution.

'Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!'

Ruler Hogan's expression turned ugly at the sight of everyone getting demonized right in front of him and he could do nothing to stop it.

In less than a few moments, the crimson mist disappeared and what was left behind caused all the viewers to feel a shiver caressing their souls.

High Chieftain Lokaka, Clan Head Ygos, and Clan Head Azesdirth stood side by side. The air around them crackled with an unnerving tension, as the ethereal energy of the dark realm seeped into their presence.

A sinister aura engulfed the trio, distorting their once noble features into twisted visages.

Lokaka, the High Chieftain, renowned for his spatial manipulation and leadership, was now an embodiment of corrupted authority.

A crown of jagged obsidian horns sprouted from his brow, symbolizing his descent into darkness.

Beside him, Clan Head Ygos had succumbed to the demonic influence as well. His broad shoulders, once a symbol of strength and pride, now hunched forward as if burdened by the weight of his wicked transformation.

Clan Head Azesdirth, his once green slits were now pools of darkness, mesmerizing and yet harrowing.

From his claws, ebony wisps of smoke snaked and coiled, ready to ensnare those who dared cross his path.

The remaining royal dragons suffered from a similar harrowing transformation.

Thud! Thud! Thud!...

Under the stunned eyes of Felix and the rest of the leaders, High Chieftain Lokaka had fallen into the ground until his wormish face was touching it.

The proud clan heads and royal dragons also knelt down with their heads bowed.

"Your Majesty, we are forever indebted for opening our eyes to the truth." They shouted simultaneously with a fluent demonic language like they were taught from birth.

"You're most welcome. Now, clean this vessel from its filth." Lucifer said calmly as he walked past them like this situation was an everyday occurrence to him.

"As you command."

High Chieftain Lokaka and the others stood back up and the first thing they did was lift their heads to stare at the security cameras.

Then, High Chieftain Lokaka smiled diabolically and uttered, "Don't worry, we will be helping you learn your truth soon."

The moment he finished, High Chieftain disappeared through a crimson spatial portal that was connected to none other than the mothership's cockpit.

When he exited the portal and saw Commander Nethrael and the rest of the crewmates, he couldn't help but show them an honest smile, "In favor of your hard work for the alliance, I will try to make your demonization as painless as possible."

"I would rather die." Commander Nethrael ordered out loud with a tone of nothing but resolve, "Queen Ai... Terminate me!"

There was no question of confirmation from Queen Ai as she had eliminated his consciousness the moment the order left his mouth...

With soulless eyes, Commander Nethrael fell forward while being stared at by his stunned subordinates.

It was clear that this wasn't how he envisioned his life to end as a commander, dying before he could protect his own people...But, he was really left with no other choice as either he died or he got demonized and fought against his own people.

For Commander Nathrael, that was a fate a million times worse than death...

"I would rather die too!"

"Queen Ai!"

"For SGAlliance!"

"For SGAlliance!"

It seemed like his actions had inspired his subordinates to fight through their survival urge and voice the termination command that was known to every single soldier in this universe.

This termination order was placed in such situations when soldiers were left with the choice of merciful death being more appealing than anything else.

Unfortunately, even though most soldiers knew that death would be better than their future in some situations, not many of them dared to use it.

After all, it wasn't easy to fight off the urge for survival even as soldiers, which was the reason why many troops had gotten demonized in the war.

Right this moment, at least 20% of the crewmates hadn't terminated their lives and remained frozen in their places with a crippling fear holding tightly to their hearts, making it impossible for them to utter those words.

"You should be enough, I guess." High Chieftain said carelessly as he engulfed the entire cockpit in evil energy.

Two hours later...

Felix could be seen sitting on his chair at the inner circle assembly within the UVR with the majority of the leaders.

Besides the humans' being always empty, four more chairs were added to the list...

The inner circle leaders were merely staring at each other with hardened expressions like all of them had just attended their loved ones' funerals.

"What have we just done?" Queen Allura broke the silence with a rhetorical question that came from the bottom of her heart.

"We invited a monster into our home...That's what we did."

Half an hour ago, all of them received notifications that a peculiar crimson wormhole had been spotted in the SGAlliance's territory.

No one was spotted near the wormhole but every one of them knew that Lucifer must have gone through it and he was now roaming freely in their territory...

'I guess he really meant it when he said he will be looking for you.' Asna said with a stern tone.

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity