Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1321 The War For The Universe. V

In the past two hours, the SGAlliance troops managed to evacuate all the citizens in the Revia N1 system.

It wasn't easy in the slightest when the mothership had fallen under Lucifer's control and his

subordinates.

Fortunately, Lucifer didn't seem to care so much about killing everyone as he didn't bother to go after the SGAlliance's forces after taking over the mothership.

Though, the remaining demons sure gave the SGAlliance a run for their money, forcing them to leave behind a staggering number of casualties.

When the SGAlliance had made sure that everyone had been evacuated, the leaders had ordered a mass retreat into the depth of the seventh realm, Tartarus.

All of them were ordered to not open wormholes and return to the SGAlliance's territory in fear of Lucifer and his demons invading them.

Unbeknownst to them, Lucifer didn't even need them as the moment he demonized High Chieftain Lokaka, he was capable of opening his own bridges with the chieftains' coordinates.

At least, that was what everyone predicted after finding out about the peculiar red wormhole.

"This Lucifer is an enemy way above our league. We can handle the demons just fine, but we can't do anything against someone with the strength of a primogenitor and true immortality." Queen Alfreda said with a serious tone, "We have to bring this matter to the primogenitors and seek their help to hunt him down."

"I doubt they will help us...After all, we are the ones who brought this to ourselves with our invasion." Emperor Lokhil shook his head.

"Then what else can we do?" Queen Alfreda frowned, "High Chieftain and two clan heads have defected to the other side and somewhat still retain all of their abilities and memories. If we allow this menace to roam freely in our territory, god knows what kind of destruction he will bring."

Everyone knew that when demons get demonized, they lose most of their memories and powers...Especially elemental manipulation as demons were known to manipulate only evil energy.

But, when Lucifer demonized Lokaka and the dragons, they still retained their memories and most shockingly, their elemental manipulations!

The only things that changed were their new devotion to Lucifer and the appearance of their elements as they seem corrupted.

Even their devotion looked out of place as demons supposedly needed to sign soul contracts and they would still not be wholeheartedly loyal to a superior demon.

All of this made the SGAlliance leadership quite worried for their continuity as this enemy was just too overpowered for them.

"King Maxwell, you have been awfully quiet...Do you have any suggestions?" Fishermen Queen Everley asked.

Everyone turned to focus on Felix who had lines on his forehead etched deeper, as if carved by the weight of the universe itself.

It wasn't far-fetched from reality as Felix understood that Lucifer wouldn't harm anyone if he just agreed to have that meeting with him.

"If Lucifer is really roaming in our universe, he is bound to leave a track sooner or later near that wormhole. I suggest we evacuate all nearby planets before he steps foot in them." Felix expressed.

"This is a mere temporary solution to keep our people safe, but we can't keep evacuating planets and making the citizens homeless to avoid him." The Pandion's High Honor Jara said.

"We need to find a way to erase him from existence and remove any chance of him reviving again. Is there a method?" Queen Alfreda asked as she looked at Empress Emily.

"Based on the information in our possession, there is 0% chance of victory against Lucifer even if we used every weapon in our arsenal." Empress Emily stated expressionlessly.

This answer didn't please the leaders in the slightest as it made them return to their original plan, which was beseeching help from the primogenitors.

"King Maxwell, you are pretty close with your masters, is it possible to request a favor from one of them for us all?" Minister Aquiris requested with a deep sigh, "Our ancestors ignore us most of the time and I am certain that we will be ignored again if we made such a request."

No one bothered to even request Felix to fight against Lucifer as they had no intentions to send their grand supreme to his early damnation.

Even though Felix showcased his immense strength, none of them had an ounce of confidence that he would be able to get rid of Lucifer.

The most powerful mortal was still a mortal in front of a deity...

"My apologies, but my masters aren't available at the moment and won't consider helping us." Felix replied.

Lady Sphinx and Fenrir were in Elementals Galaxy while Lord Khaos was a mere spectator.

"Sigh, that's disappointing."

"I guess we are on our own until the situation gets too grave."

Although the primogenitors might seem selfish and uncaring about the SGAlliance's survival, the leaders were sure that their ancestors would make a move to stop Lucifer if it seemed like he was on a path to universal conquest.

After all, they could not give up on the only stable source of entertainment, which was the supremacy games platforms.

So, the SGAlliance leaders could only drop this subject for now and focus on how to deal with their war and minimize Lucifer's domination. In no time, this had turned from a conquest of the other side into a war for the entire universe and the odds didn't look so good for them at all...

****

A couple of days later...

Everyone in the network was awakened to the shocking news of an entire solar system with more than ten civilized planets getting turned into a cesspool of demons...

No matter how much the SGAlliance leaders wanted to keep the news under a tight lid, it was simply impossible with everyone's free access to the network.

Right now, there are thousands of videos, if not more of Lucifer descending into those planets and completely transforming them into a corrupted environment where only demons could live in it.

One could only imagine the shock of the citizens when they noticed that Lucifer was a twin of their grand supreme.

"As expected, it's simply impossible to keep everyone away from him." Felix rubbed his heavy eyelids as he closed the holographic forums that were filled with conspiracies related to him and Lucifer.

"I don't know if he is doing this to bait you out or he simply wants to spread as much chaos as possible, but if no one stops him, you can be certain that the entire universe will belong to the demon race." Asna commentated with a deep frown.

As much as she didn't care about the lives of the SGAlliance's citizens, she still preferred the current peaceful era than having demons' domination.

"Whether he is doing it for me or not, I have to respond." Felix said with a stern tone, "I can't let him demonize and ruins any more lives under my rulership. I promised the people good lives and a successful conquest...I refuse to break my word."

"Don't tell me you are planning to ascend to a deity right away?" Asna was startled.

"Is there any other option?" Felix shook his head.

Felix would have preferred remaining in the Elementals Galaxy until he got everything he desired from it, but he could never prioritize his training when his people were getting slaughtered and demonized right and left.

As the grand supreme, he had a responsibility to keep the SGAlliance safe and right now, he was failing it epicly. This was what would be in the minds of the citizens as they didn't care if Lucifer was a deity, immortal, or whatnot.

"Unfortunately, even if you chose a new bloodline and decided to become a deity as fast as possible, you will not be able to eliminate Lucifer." Lady Sphinx had to break his dreams. "You might kill him once, twice, or even a hundred times, but he will always return and you can do nothing about it."

"The only way to truly kill him is by using Lord Shiva's ultimate ability, Totality Collapse. You can't have it without destruction immunity, which means..."

"I must have destruction manipulation at all costs if I want a fair shot at killing Lucifer." Felix said as he covered his face with his hands.

Felix hadn't felt this hopeless in a long time and now even when he desired to let go of the best training opportunity to save his people, he couldn't go for it because of one person.

Lord Shiva.

Knowing Lord Shiva, he wouldn't hand his destruction manipulation to Felix even at the threat of everyone in the universe going extinct.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

After all, he was a madman enough to actually seek universal destruction and failed at it, something like this wouldn't tickle his empathy in the slightest.

But still, Felix knew that he had to give it a try.

So, without an ounce of hesitation, Felix descended into his consciousness space and went straight to Lord Shiva.

It was finally time that he addressed the elephant in the room!

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity