1322 A Win-Win-Win Situation!

A few moments later...

Felix could be seen standing in front of Lord Shiva who was still sunbathing with sunglasses on and a weird-looking smoothie in his hand.

"No."

"B.."

"The answer is no."

Felix turned to his masters for some help, but all they did was shrug their shoulders and ignore him.

They knew that Lord Shiva was impossible to convince to do anything, don't even mention bestowing his elemental manipulation.

"Move away, you are blocking the sun." Lord Shiva shooed him away.

"No, I am not giving up." Felix said with a firm tone, "I am not leaving until you at least give me either an explanation or a condition to get the manipulation. I know that you couldn't care less about being revived and clearly, we have the same end goal."

If Lord Shiva wanted to be revived, it was more than possible as Lady Sphinx could create a new body for him by using some of his descendants' DNA...Though, his strength wouldn't be on a

primogenitor's level anymore since he had a mere wisp of consciousness and a non-deity body.

But still, if he desired to be revived, this wouldn't have stopped him.

Lord Shiva lowered his sunglasses and stared at Felix directly in his eyes with an indifferent expression.

"Same goal? If you truly aim for the same goal, you wouldn't have bothered yourself with those mortals and focused wholeheartedly on getting stronger." Lord Shiva scoffed, "Your judgment and focus can easily be affected by other people's lives, yet you have the audacity to aim for those beings? How foolish."

"In other words, if I was more focused on defeating those beings and ignored everything else, you would bestow your destruction manipulation?" Felix repeated with a stern tone.

"If you are willing enough, why not?" Lord Shiva replied calmly, "I will even help you master your wisdom eye, which will upgrade your comprehension to a godly level."

After Lord Shiva found out that Felix could become much stronger than even primogenitors after hitting the origin realm, the idea of bestowing his manipulation was planted in his head.

Even though he didn't like Felix personally as he found him emotional and just 'human', he still decided to go for it since he was their last bet...Whether he pulled it off or not didn't matter.

He was just waiting for Felix to show him that he was at least attentive and focused on such an overarching goal, but with this new development, he was making it harder for him to accept him.

"I see..." Felix turned around and looked at his masters without saying or even thinking anything.

They just kept looking at each other before Lady Sphinx let out a helpless exhale before waving her hand at him like a mother giving in to her child's cries for candy.

Felix showed her a smile filled with gratitude before turning around to Lord Shiva.

"I will do it." Felix stressed with a determined tone, "I will remain in the Elementals Galaxy until I am satisfied with my training results and would never leave it even if the entire universe fell under the control of demons... Is that enough?"

"What about your people's safety and lives?"

"That's none of your business"

Lord Shiva smiled faintly at his response and said, "I don't care if you break your words with your people, but you better not think for a moment to break it with me."

In another sense, Lord Shiva was warning him about taking his destruction manipulation andFị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

straightaway replacing the bloodline before leaving the galaxy.

"I never had such intentions." Felix said calmly.

"We will see about it." Lord Shiva lowered his sunglasses again and said, "Call me when you want to start."

"Preferably now." Felix answered, "I am ready." Felix was worried that Lord Shiva might change his mind later.

Since he had already mastered the third stage of manipulation for each of his elements, there was no need to seal any of his manipulations to not conflict with the new one. So, he was ready to accept the bestowment at any moment.

"As you wish."

Sometime later...

Felix's face was covered in sweat as he lay on his knees with glowing dark red inscriptions written over his entire skin.

The process was as painful as always, but Felix had gone through it multiple times and he had adapted to it.

"Congratulations on your fifth elemental manipulation." Asna clapped with a charming smile.

"Five perfect elemental manipulations...I never thought a small human body could encompass five inscriptions." Elder Kraken said with an intrigued tone, "The question is, can he continue adding more?"

"Well, his skin does seem like it has no more space for additional inscriptions." Carbuncle commented as he studied Felix's skin, "Will those inscriptions never conflict with each other as long as the third stage was mastered?"

"It seems li..."

"The number is seven... His body can't contain more than seven elemental manipulations." Lady Sphinx answered.

"Seven? How are you so sure?" Asna raised an eyebrow in surprise.

Even Felix was taken aback and felt his pain somewhat going away due to the news.

"Ever since the second inscription was added, I have done limit testing on his perfect clone."

Lady Sphinx narrated calmly, "His body was deemed impossible to contain more than seven manipulations as the eight inscriptions end up being overlapping over them at once until the very first inscription at the bottom goes invisible. It can't be summoned anymore, which means his poison manipulation will be erased."

"So, it's possible to add more elemental manipulation, the only issue is that the first ones will get replaced." Felix said his piece through the pain.

"Indeed."

"Well, I always knew that there must be a limit somehow." Felix wasn't disappointed by the news at all.

After all, he still could obtain two more elemental manipulations, and since they weren't related to bloodlines that much, he could easily obtain them by awakening more primogenitors' wisps as he did with the Kraken's wisp of consciousness.

The only reason he never bothered to go for it was that his bloodline path had yet to reach its end and all the awakened primogenitors besides Lord Shiva were cooperative.

"How about limited manipulations though, do they count as one?" Asna wondered.

"They do count since they also require inscriptions to be written. The only difference is that limited manipulations come from incomplete inscriptions written in the DNA of the owner while perfect manipulation comes from complete inscriptions." Lady Sphinx clarified, "That's one of the reasons we called it perfect elemental manipulation."

"This means after you hit the origin realm and get the last bloodline's limited manipulation, you will be given the choice for one last perfect manipulation." Asna shared.

"That's not perfect, but I can live with that." Felix said with a content tone.

If he was to throw a tantrum because of this, then he really didn't deserve to even have two manipulations.

Seven elemental manipulations was a dream that not even primogenitors dreamed of having, don't even mention mortals.

"Thank you master for making this happen." Felix turned to face Lady Sphinx and promised with a serious tone, "I won't let you down."

"Don't waste your time on such things, I am also curious about Lucifer's unique source of power and he will serve as an excellent new project." Lady Sphinx replied with a glitter of anticipation.

"What are they talking about? Did I miss a scene?" Candace murmured in confusion as she looked around her.

"Big sis is going to hunt down Lucifer and deal with him while Felix is focusing on his training as he promised Lord Shiva." Asna explained it to Candace.

As Felix's lifelong partner and soulmate, she understood exactly what Felix wanted from his masters when he gave them that look before.

He didn't say anything or even thought about it...But Asna and his masters understood that he was pleading with Lady Sphinx to help him protect the SGAlliance from Lucifer's terror while he was away.

In this manner, he would ensure to keep his word with Lord Shiva and receive his manipulation and teachings during his training while simultaneously knowing that Lucifer would have someone making his life hell!

"Sphinx, there is no need for you to make a move personally." Fenrir interjected expressionlessly as he stared at Felix, "If you asked me, I would have done it for you as I still owe you one for rescuing me from the Ice World."

"Elder..." Felix didn't know how to respond.

"Plus, he has given me the perfect opponents for Noah, and on our own turf, it will be a waste to leave them be." Fenrir smiled coldly.

Fenrir always wanted Noah to fight with the demons as they were perfect for his cultivation system due to their immortality.

But because they were located on the other side where the three darkins reside, he didn't want to risk having his student land in their hands.

But now that the demons were invading the SGAlliance's territory, it was a much better

opportunity than just killing non-intelligent strong creatures in the Elementals Galaxy.

"But, what about the time difference?"

"What about it?" Fenrir said calmly, "Noah is already near his physical limitation while his ice

manipulation talent is already second to none."

While Felix spent merely five hundred years for each element, Noah was putting close to two thousand years on just his ice manipulation...So, his improvement was already noteworthy and it was time for him to unleash it and test it on his enemies.

All in all, Noah could afford to lose the time difference without losing too many advantages, unlike Felix that had so much to master and no time for each one.

"I am still going for that demon." Lady Sphinx added calmly, "The fact that he reached a deity level is already a universal secret that needs exploring."

"Fine, let's do it together then." Fenrir gave in.

"That's more like it."

Felix was left speechless as he already felt that it was too much to send one primogenitor after Lucifer.

But now, two were going after him? He suddenly felt somewhat sympathetic for Lucifer.

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity