Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1327 Noah and Olivia vs Prince Beelzebub!

"Malak, it's best that you take what remained of our army and evacuate the planet." Olivia said with a hardened expression. "They already did more than enough."

"No, I can still fight..." Malak refused with a look filled with hatred directed at Prince Beelzebub and his demon army.

Her hatred was understandable as this planet was her home where her family and friends lived, and where she was born.

Yet, it was turned into a demon fest in less than a week after Prince Beelzebub stepped foot in it with a couple of his subordinates.

If it wasn't for Bodidi, connecting them straight to the planet with a wormhole, not a single soul would have remained.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Malak, leave." Noah ordered coldly, "You will do nothing but hold us back."

"Noah..." Olivia bit her tongue to refrain from saying more.

As much as Noah's statement sounded cocky and insulting to Malak's pride, she knew that he was right. Malak wasn't an origin realm bloodliner and even though she had abilities belonging to the fire primogenitor, it wouldn't be enough against Prince Beelzebub.

She could easily take care of some lesser demons as her sacred fire was capable of burning anything, but the moment Prince Beelzebub realized her importance to Noah and Olivia, he could easily threaten to kill her with merely his spiritual pressure.

That was the real definition of being a burden.

"I understand...Please be careful."

As much as it pained her, Malak was rational enough to keep her emotions to herself and try to leave the battlefield with the rest of their army.

Alas, Prince Beelzebub hadn't given her his approval.

"The only way anyone is leaving here is either as a demon or as food." Prince Beelzebub sneered as he ordered his demon army, "Catch them all."

ROOARRRR!!! THUD!! THUD!! THUD!!

As the ground quaked under the demonic charge, Olivia and Noah stood side by side, resolute against the tide of monstrous forms before them.

Prince Beelzebub towered above his infernal army, his presence corrosive darkness that tainted the very air around him.

"Olivia."

"On it."

Summoning the forces of nature, Olivia extended her hand, a tiny, luminescent seed resting in her palm.

"Seed of Life!"

With a determined cry, she thrust it into the ground. Almost instantly, the earth pulsed with life, a vast tree erupting forth, its branches piercing the crimson sky!!!

The tree shimmered with vitality, its leaves a vibrant hue of emerald green that contrasted starkly against the sanguine terrain!

From its branches fell dozens of seeds, each giving birth to a variety of plant creatures.

Venus flytrap-like beasts snapped at the demons with sharp, thorny jaws. Creepers slithered along the ground like serpents, ensnaring and constricting the infernal soldiers.

Massive ents, the guardians of the tree of life, lumbered forward, their bark-covered fists smashing through the demon ranks with earth- shaking force!

Roar!! Roar!!!

It was a never ending army of alive plant creatures, rushing to protect their nature goddess!

"The hell? How can a human possess such a divine ability?"

Prince Beelzebub was startled as he lifted his head to the limit and he still wasn't able to see the true height of the ever growing tree!

"Master, this must be the infamous demon slayer, Worldtree Princess!"

His subordinate gulped a mouthful as he had read too many stories about Olivia against the demon invasion.

The signature move that earned her that dignified nickname was Lady Yggdrasil's ultimate

ability...Seed of Life!

Usually, the seed of life should give birth to a perfect clone of Lady Yggdrasil, but that's only if her wisp of consciousness was implanted in the seed beforehand... Either this or leave it to grow until Lady Yggdrasil's consciousness gets born on its own.

Olivia was using the seed of life to create the real- world tree and control all of its powers since there was no wisp of consciousness to control it!

Lady Yggdrasil gave her permission to use her ultimate ability under one condition...Never let it grow bigger than a planet.

Olivia has been respecting this condition ever since.

"So that's her? I have heard that she doesn't move alone and is always accompanied by a much scarier monster." Prince Beelzebub remarked with a curious tone as he eyed Noah, "It must be him."

"It's him...Hailstorm Harbinger." His subordinate nodded with an edgy look like he was trying to find a way to escape as quickly as possible.

"You dare be afraid while being in my presence?" Prince Beelzebub glared at him.

"Master, those two are different..." His subordinate proclaimed with a fearful tone as he watched his demon army getting absolutely wrecked by the plant army, "They are capable of killing us for real!"

The moment he said so, Prince Beelzebub's eyes widened a bit in surprise at the sight of his demon army getting reduced in numbers at a noticeable speed! When he studied the battlefield a bit more, he realized that his demons were being killed through an overdose of purities!!!

The World Tree was one of the purest objects in the entire universe as it was brimming with a seemingly never ending source of life!

The demons had never fought against someone capable of using pure energy as a weapon!

It was already a tested fact that evil energy's opposite force was pure energy and when taken in great quantities, it does more harm than good as it overwhelmed it completely.

This was exactly what was happening on the battlefield as the plant creatures were weaponized with pure energy, which stripped the evil energy from the demons, and without evil energy around, the demons could neither fight nor revive!

In other words, Olivia was one the best counters to demons, which was the original reason for her fame to spread far and wide in the past six decades.

"I have to cut down that tree before I lose my entire army." Prince Beelzebub's expression turned cold as he stared at Olivia who was floating above a green leaf.

"But first, I have to get rid of her bodyguard."

Prince Beelzebub knew that he couldn't get close to Olivia while Noah was standing in front of the world tree with intense cold air swirling around him.

Noah realized that Prince Beelzebub was about to make his move, which created a palpable tension hung in the sulfurous air.

"Let's see if you are truly worthy of your nickname, the Hailstorm Harbinger."

Whoosh!!

The first move was made by Beelzebub... With a sweeping gesture, he invoked a whirlwind of corrupted energy.

The force twisted and turned, an embodiment of raw destructive power. The demonic tornado tore through the barren land, racing towards Noah!

Noah reacted quickly.

With a powerful swing of his hand, he summoned a barrage of sharp icicles, each glowing with a chilling light.

They soared into the maelstrom, freezing and slowing its spin.

BOOOM!

Using a smaller burst of frost, Noah disrupted the whirlwind, causing it to scatter, it's dark energy dissipating into harmless wisps!

Unperturbed, Beelzebub summoned a dark lance, a condensation of his corrupting energy!

With veins protruding from his arm, he hurled it toward Noah!

In response, Noah formed a thick shield of frost, the lance embedding itself in the barrier before disintegrating, its destructive power nullified!

Though, it didn't leave peacefully as the evil energy managed to corrupt the ice shield.

"Die...huh?"

However, just as Prince Beelzebub planned to manifest corrupted ice spikes from the shield and penetrate Noah's entire body, the corruption faded away from the ice shield, returning it to normal!

All of this because of the pure energy potency around Noah that was being emitted from the World Tree!

"My turn."

Noah wasn't only about defense.

The ground beneath his feet froze as he rushed towards Beelzebub. His path was a trail of ice, shards of frost spreading out around him, threatening to ensnare the demon prince. Beelzebub countered with a shockwave of corrupting energy, shattering the frost!

Yet Noah was relentless. He channeled his energy, surrounding himself with a frosty aura, turning himself into a living blizzard!

Ice shards spun around him, cold winds intensified his speed as he charged Beelzebub, landing a series of blows on the demon prince!

Beelzebub retaliated with a roiling surge of his dark energy, trying to corrupt Noah's icy armor...Yet Noah, focusing his inner chill, solidified his defenses, freezing the corruption before it could take hold!

He turned Beelzebub's strength against him, the once-corruptive energy now frozen spikes that erupted back towards the demon prince.

"Irritating little sh*t!"

Bellowing in anger, Beelzebub launched himself into the air, seeking a reprieve from Noah's relentless assault...He rained down spheres of dark energy, trying to corrupt the field to his advantage.

However, Noah retaliated with a flurry of icy gusts, transforming the spheres into harmless sleet before they could impact the ground!

An icy faint smile crept upon Noah's face as he defended himself against Beelzebub's relentless barrage.

'It's time...Absolute Zero.'

He called in his mind the instant he noticed that Beelzebub had lost his cool and was fighting with negative emotions at the helm.

As a demon prince to be unable to kill a mere human in front of his subordinates and demon army was extremely humiliating.

Soon, he would be put in a much more humiliating situation as a wave of frost erupted from Noah, consuming everything in its path!!

The temperature plummeted, reality seeming to distort under the immense cold... The wave reached Beelzebub in his airborne state, and everything stopped.

Beelzebub was frozen mid-flight, his monstrous features locked in a surprised snarl.

Time around him came to a standstill, the prince trapped within an eternal block of ice...His

corruptive energy was silenced, the chilling peace of Absolute Zero prevailing.

Noah stood amidst the quiet, breathing heavily... His fierce eyes never left Beelzebub's frozen form.

While the end result was similar to Fenrir's utilization, its range was nowhere close as Noah barely managed to cover a few kilometers in absolute zero and his energy was plummeting at a crazy speed!

He never used it before in his demon hunt for this sole reason, which worked perfectly as it caught Prince Beelzebub completely off guard!

"What the hell did he do...'

Prince Beelzebub's thoughts were thrown in disarray as his frozen eyes roamed around him, showing him the uncanny sight of the battlefield being frozen in time.

Noah made sure to control his absolute zero frost wave to cover only the battlefield in front of him, which left Olivia, the World Tree, Malak, and the stunned human army outside of his ability's range.

'Olivia, finish him off.' Noah said expressionlessly.

'Right away.' Olivia smiled coldly while pointing her tiny fair finger at Prince Beelzebub.

Prince Beelzebub felt chills course down his spine the moment his eyes came in contact with the finger.

He didn't know what she was going to do, but his instincts screamed at him to run away.

Alas, when even Lucifer was incapable of breaking past absolute zero's freeze, he could only watch with wide-open eyes as Olivia's finger began to illuminate with green light...

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity