Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1328 Attempting To Reverse The Demonization Process.

With eyes closed, Olivia channeled infinite pure lifeforce energy from the World Tree into a single point at the tip of her finger.

And then, she unleashed it.

A vivid beam of brilliant green light lanced from her outstretched hand, a stream of pure, raw lifeforce!

It was the first breath of spring, the resounding crash of a waterfall, the silent, peaceful growth of the smallest sprout breaking through the soil after a long winter!

The sight was almost too much to bear-something so raw, pure, and potent that it commanded reverence and awe from all who beheld it!

'Oh no!!'

Beelzebub, the embodiment of corruption and decay, realized right away that this beam was going to end him!

"Time is frozen around me, it's impossible for it to hit me!'

Just as this thought came into his mind, Prince Beelzebub noticed that the chilling wave of absolute zero had retracted the area around him, but it wasn't removed from him!

'Bastard!'

This made him understand that Noah was capable of controlling the range as he pleased even after utilization!

The moment Noah saw that the beam had landed on Prince Beelzebub, he canceled his ultimate ability, freeing his enemy from its clutches.

But, it didn't matter anymore as there was no way Prince Beelzebub could survive the intensity of the beam as it burned through the toxic fumes and corrosive energies that protected him!

"AAAAAAA!!"

He roared, a horrifying, guttural sound that reverberated through the land. But his demoniac power could not match the primal potency of life.

The green light engulfed him, scorching his form, sizzling and crackling against his charred flesh. His skeletal frame began to crumble, his once formidable strength faltering. His roar became a whimper, his icy gaze melted into fear.

As the beam subsided, what remained of Beelzebub was a pitiful, waning shadow, his form barely clinging to existence.

Finally, weakened and crippled, the demon prince fell, succumbing to the immense power of life that had overwhelmed him.

As Beelzebub's form collapsed, disintegrating into the charred ground, the sight of Olivia standing tall; her silhouette against the backdrop of his demise, was met by a moment of stunned silence.

Then, as if a dam had broken, a cacophony of cheers and cries erupted from the human army!

Woaaah!!! Woaah!!!...

Warriors, faces streaked with the grime of battle but eyes alight with relief and victory, raised their weapons high, their thunderous roars echoing through the battlefield.

Men and women embraced, tears streaming freely, mixing with the dirt on their cheeks. The very air vibrated with the power of their exultation, their voices a mighty hymn of triumph against the backdrop of the fallen demon prince!

The relief and joyous disbelief surged like a tidal wave through their ranks, their hearts unburdened from the dread that had once shackled them.

Although Prince Beelzebub merely spent a week on this planet, he put everyone through a hell that seemed to last for an eternity.

"Good work Olivia, please finish off the rest." Noah stated expressionlessly as he walked away, "We have to keep moving."

"No, I wanna give it another try." Olivia shook her head as she eyed the army of humanoid lesser demons, trying their best to escape from the clutches of the World Tree's creatures.

With the death of Prince Beelzebub, any intelligent lesser demon realized that only damnation awaited them on this battlefield...Unlike him, they couldn't be revived after losing connection with evil energy.

"Again?" Noah frowned, "We can't be wasting our time with this. You have tried it more than I can remember in the past six decades and failed each time. It's time to let it go."

"No! Elder Yggdrasil has told me that it's achievable and it depends on my control." Olivia said with a firm tone, "I will never forgive myself for giving up halfway, especially when I have nothing to lose."

"Olivia, each second wasted translated to thousands of more lives lost somewhere else...Lives that can be saved if we got there in time." Noah shook his head, "We have too much to lose."

"Lives are lost each moment during this wicked invasion...If I manage to succeed in this, I will actually start saving real lives."

"Sigh...Fine."

Seeing that Olivia wasn't budging in her decision, Noah could only drop the subject and provide some assistance.

He did so by casting his spiritual pressure across the battlefield, which caused the majority of escaping demons to drop to the ground and remain frozen with frightened expressions.

"You only have two minutes." Noah stated with a deep frown.

Since spiritual pressure consumed mental energy, it would be impossible for Noah to keep everyone under his influence forever.

"It's enough." Olivia murmured as she closed her eyes again and sat on the giant green leaf.

She resembled a goddess of nature with her flowery hair and a botanical wonder of a dress, artfully crafted from a myriad of vibrant blooms, each petal seamlessly intertwined to form a flowing silhouette that gave the impression of a walking garden in perpetual spring.

'I can do this.'

After a few moments of concentration, Olivia stood steadfast, her arms extended towards the sky as if reaching for the divine.

She invoked the World Tree's power, her words stirring the ancient energy within its heartwood...As her command echoed through the world, the tree responded.

Its colossal branches swayed, leaves shimmering with an otherworldly light, their verdant hue casting an emerald glow over the tainted land.

With a sweeping gesture from Olivia, the branches stretched out, their gnarled forms bending and contorting, seeking the captive souls within the throngs of demons.

'No!! Please!'

'Save mee!!!'

'LET ME GO YOU B*TCH!!'

Leaves enveloped the tormented demons, forming cocoons of verdant life around their grotesque forms.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The air filled with a deep hum, a resonating vibration that signaled the beginning of an extraordinary transformation.

"What is she doing? Why isn't she killing them?" One of the soldiers asked with a deep sense of hatred as he stared at cocooned demons.

The rest of the soldiers also started getting rowdy as they anticipated that Olivia would end the demons' lives, not seal them inside weird cocoons.

Their planet was ruined, their cities were uprooted, and their families were ripped apart.

If those soldiers weren't trained to keep their emotions under control, they would have ignored Noah's orders and fought the demon army even if it meant meeting their maker.

"She is doing something a million times better than killing those demons." Malak stated with a tone filled with hope, "She is attempting to reverse the demonization process."

"Huh?!"

"Impossible!"

"Are you being serious?!"

No one took the news with an open mind as every one of them felt that she was speaking nonsense.

Who could blame them? It was already universally approved that the moment someone became a demon, the transformation was permanent and there was no looking back anymore.

This wasn't a rumor, but a hard-supported fact by the metal race and the rest of the alliance leaders after they had failed to reverse the demonization process through hundreds of utilized methods.

They tried technology, genetic manipulation, curses, cleansing rituals, and the list goes on. Unfortunately, nothing worked as they found out that the evil energy became rooted inside the person's soul, which was the reason demons could get revived infinitely with enough supply of evil energy.

But this also meant that those souls could not live without evil energy and if it was stripped from their souls, they end up dropping dead.

"Well, she has tried to pull it off countless times and failed every time...But, I still have faith in her." Malak murmured as she eyed Olivia.

'I can't suck too much evil energy from their souls as it will collapse before the replacement can occur...I have to be patient and careful.

While everyone was discussing the impossibility of this miracle, under Olivia's guidance, the world tree began to leech the corrupted energy from the ensnared demons.

The dark miasma swirled and dissipated into the tree's leaves, a stark contrast against their radiant green.

The World Tree, a living conduit of life's primal essence, took on the weight of this darkness diluting and neutralizing the malevolent force that had consumed them.

Simultaneously, a warm, golden light pulsed from the tree, imbuing the encapsulated beings with pure, vital energy.

It infiltrated their demonic forms, glowing brighter with every heartbeat, a beacon in the depth of their darkness.

This ethereal energy began to reverse the corruption, washing over the demons like a tide, replacing their monstrous forms with the gentle silhouette of humanity!

No one knew this was happening as the bright cocoon hid those demons completely...Even the demons were in the dark as they were all put into a trance, seemingly enjoying the sensation of evilness getting cleansed from them and replaced with warmness.

Even though the situation seemed under control and looking good, Olivia didn't lose even an ounce of her focus.

'Slowly... Slowly...

As this sacred dance of energy unfolded, each corrupted soul was reborn under the World Tree's nurturing touch.

The grotesque, twisted forms gave way to the soft lines and familiar shapes of men and women, their original forms restored under her grace.

Uncontrollable smiles broke in the faces of those humans and other mixed-in races as they snuggled inside the cocoon, resembling children being embraced by their loving mothers.

"I did it...I did it..." Olivia opened her stunned eyes and stared at the cocoons.

Within the now translucent cocoons, the newly purified humans rested peacefully, their serene faces illuminated by the soft, glowing light as the protective shells gently unfurled, revealing their restored forms in a tableau of rebirth and redemption...

"She succeeded?" Even Noah's cold expression was broken and replaced with a sense of disbelief.

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity