Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1332 Two Goddesses Collide.

Everyone focused on Asna with intrigued looks.

"What do you have in mind?" Felix asked.

"You said that you have nothing to offer for Foremother Siamese, but the same doesn't apply to me." Asna shared.

"Huh? What do you mean?" Felix knitted his eyebrows.

"Just contact her for me and let me handle this." Asna assured him.

"But..."

"I know what you are thinking and I don't like it." Asna showed a loving smile, "We are partners and in this together. It's been a while since I have done something for you, so for once, try to depend on me."

"Thank you." Felix smiled back.

He didn't know what Asna was going to do to help him but he trusted her with his whole heart that she had his interest at bay... He only wished that she would come through with her idea as it was truly their last hope in this plan.

...

A few minutes later...

The early evening sun languished just above the horizon, bathing the field in a golden glow.

As it descended, it ignited a million tiny fires on the dandelions' gossamer puffs, transforming the landscape into an enchanted realm, each seed head shimmering like a small, ethereal sun.

The air was serene, filled with the sweet, slightly bitter aroma of the countless flowers.

Amidst this serene panorama stood a woman of ethereal beauty, Foremother Siamese, her very presence radiating divine authority.

Dressed in a flowing gown of iridescent colors, she looked no less than a goddess. Her skin shimmered as if kissed by moonlight, her hair billowed around her like a liquid cascade of onyx, and her almond- shaped eyes held a depth of ancient wisdom, gleaming with a calm, knowing light.

She was sitting at the center of the dandelion field with graceful ease in the same position as she hadn't moved once ever since her meeting with Felix.

Although this was Felix's second time meeting her, he was actually much more nervous than the last time since he had gotten this meeting by bribing Elder Strauvis heavily!

Though Elder Strauvis didn't have the authority to make the meeting, he did deliver a message to her.

The message showed that Asna desired the meeting and it was to discuss a serious matter with her.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Felix honestly didn't expect Foremother Siamese to snatch him from his location and teleport him back inside this dimensional pocket so quickly.

"Fore..."

"Save it." Foremother Siamese said expressionlessly, "You aren't needed in this conversation."

"I..."

Before Felix could open his mouth, his eyes rolled at the back of his head and he fell on the field of dandelions with a serene smile.

It seemed like he was put into a deep slumber and he was enjoying the dream.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Asna and the rest of the tenants were left speechless, but they somewhat expected this to happen.

"The same applies to the rest of you." Foremother Siamese addressed the tenants.

"Let me handle this alone."

Asna closed the consciousness link and with a burst of iridescence, she emerged from the AP Bracelet, a luminous hologram that grew in size and solidity until she stood before the Foremother.

A stunning apparition, her appearance was as otherworldly as the goddess herself even though she was a mere hologram.

She had an ethereal beauty that was beyond earthly description; her holographic form shimmered and glowed with an inner light that mirrored the twilight sun's brilliance.

The two goddesses, born of different realms yet intertwined by destiny, stood facing each other amidst the vast field of dandelions.

Their presence resonated with the pulse of the universe, their gazes meeting in silent acknowledgment of the divine meeting about to take place.

As the sun finally set, surrendering the heavens to the first twinkling stars, the field held its breath, its tranquility disrupted only by the soft rustling of the dandelion heads, bearing silent witness to the goddesses' ethereal communion.

"Siamese."

"Asnaleigha."

"Hmm? You know my full name?" Asna raised an eyebrow in surprise as her full name was known to only a closed unigin circle.

"I know more than you think." Foremother Siamese said.

"You know abou..."

"I do."

"Good, this makes this easier then." Asna's voice rang out, powerful and gentle as the echo of a supernova. "Foremother Siamese, our dual existence was not meant to be. It's a paradox, an imbalance. You and I both know the universe does not permit two goddesses to rule simultaneously."

Siamese remained silent for a while. Her voice, when she finally spoke, sounded like a distant quasar pulsing through space. "I am aware. I've been since my consciousness was sparked within this galaxy. And yet, I exist."

"Yes," Asna agreed. "But you know that the only reason your existence hasn't been affected was due to my situation, due to my duties remaining untouched."

Siamese closed her eyes for a moment before asking, "What will happen when you return to your duties?"

Asna paused, constellations twinkling in her eyes. "The moment I regain my full authority, you will cease to exist. You know this, Siamese."

Foremother Siamese remained silent...Such news should be enough to cause anyone to have an extensional crisis, but she didn't even feel an ounce of agitation.

It was like in the depth of her heart, she knew that this would be her future and she had already accepted it.

"But we can come to an arrangement to change that." Asna shared.

"Is it related to him?" Foremother Siamese asked as she gazed at Felix.

Asna nodded. "It's nothing too difficult with your powers. He needs assistance with the mastery of the elements and I want you to help him hit the talent limit. Most importantly, he will be allowed to enter and leave the galaxy whenever he desires."

While Felix merely wanted to enhance destruction element talent, there was no way Asna would be dumb enough to not seek out other benefits for his sake... Especially, when the favor she was handing out couldn't even compare to those two little favors.

"Indeed, it's nothing too difficult." Foremother Siamese seemed to agree... But, she wasn't that easy to convince. "What if I refused?"

Foremother Siamese showed an icy glare, swirling nebulas in them. "I don't respond to threats. I can have both of you killed at once and I won't need to worry about such a problem anymore."

"Make no mistake, this isn't a threat, I am handing you a favor worth gold in return for bread crumbs." Asna answered composedly, "I am proposing to shelter you... Your existence will be allowed to persist under my protection. If this deal fell through, I will simply continue with my rightful duties and you can't blame me for what happens to you."

Asna scoffed, "As for killing me and Felix? First, you won't dare do it without Lord Zurvan's permission. Even if you decided to betray his wishes, you know that I can not be killed and will always return even if it takes another fourteen billion years."

"..."

Everything that Asna uttered was nothing but hard facts, leaving Foremother Siamese to consider her statements in silence.

'If I take this deal, I'll be able to accompany him for eternity...'

Her form was pulsing with an intensity that reflected her inner turmoil.

But, when she thought about Lord Zurvan, her indecisiveness disappeared immediately and she responded with. "Very well, we have an agreement under one condition. He will keep his distance from Lord Zurvan at all costs."

"I don't have a problem with that." Asna smiled for a moment before her expression changed to solemn, "I don't need to tell you that this conversation must be kept to yourself."

Foremother Siamese nodded as she glanced at the slumbering Felix, "I will, but he is bound to ask you and I feel offended that a being of your stature needs to lie to a mere mortal."

"Firstly, he might have been born as a mortal, but he was never destined to remain as one. Secondly, I am not lying to him, he's just not ready yet for the truth. So, keep this to yourself or you will hear from me."

Asna warned one last time before her holographic form disappeared, leaving Foremother Siamese staring at Felix's peaceful smile.

So, keep this to yourself or you will hear from me."

Asna warned one last time before her holographic form disappeared, leaving Foremother Siamese staring at Felix's peaceful smile.

"Not ready for the truth?" Foremother Siamese murmured, "I wonder how he will react when he finds out that his woman is the...

Just as she was about to finish the sentence, Foremother Siamese shook her head and woke Felix up with a snap of a finger.

As she saw him yawning while opening his muddled eyes, her eyelids' twitched, "It's indeed none of my business."

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity