Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1336 Learning About The UVR Truth.

"Is that a threat?"

Lady Sphinx's eyes glowed with a golden hue as her pupil reflected five triangles stacked one inside the other spinning in a mystifying manner.

Five triangles implied the activation of the truth vision fifth level...Illusions, lies, deceptions, virtual, and anything opposite to the absolute truth get exposed before her.

In Lady Sphinx's eyes, there was no virtual living room or UVR... Only utter infinite darkness with lines of green-colored data moving up and down.

The only substantial thing before her was Lord Loki.

"I know what you did to your descendants and that's not my problem." Lady Sphinx stated coldly, "All I know is that if you dared to do the same with my student, I will make sure that this project of yours will never see the light of the day again even if it meant returning to the era of the dark ages again."

"Relax...You know that it wasn't a threat." Lord Loki flinched at his disoriented reflection in her shimmering pupils.

The reflection was that of his true appearance, which he had yet to see since a very, very long time ago.

Before any other primogenitor, Lord Loki was an elemental lord worthy of respect and appreciation...But, he couldn't muster the same confidence before Lady Sphinx as he always felt exposed.

Lady Sphinx dropped the matter and asked after her eyes returned to normal, "So what's your final decision?"

"I will agree to it under one condition." Lord Loki remarked with a stern tone, "He must not get involved in my business when he finds out the truth."

"I can't make promises, but don't worry, we will stay out of your business." Lady Sphinx agreed.

"That's all I am asking."

Upon receiving his confirmation, Lady Sphinx found no reason to stick around and went to deliver the good news.

Meanwhile, Lord Loki was seen staring at the thousands of holographic screens in front of him with a faint smirk.

'I didn't think the situation would develop this way, but I am not complaining...This war is harming my endgame more than I anticipated and it's about time it ends once and for all.

'I just hope that boy makes it interesting one last time with my bloodline.' Lord Loki's eyes gleamed in anticipation as his boredom had been taking a toll on him lately.

The fact that his main source of entertainment, the Asgardian and Darkins' conflict was put to pause didn't make it any better...

****

"I can't believe you managed to convince him!" Thor exclaimed, "How did you do it? Did he really owe you such a big favor?"

"Since Felix will be dealing with Lord Loki sooner than I anticipated, I guess it's time for him to find out about the truth."

Lady Sphinx didn't feel like hiding the truth any longer...So, instead of telling them privately, she informed everyone about what happened with Lord Loki.

Fifteen minutes later...

"So, the UVR's creation was supervised by Lord Loki and he even made it happen due to merging the virtual with the illusion?" Felix was left stunned by the news.

"We don't know how exactly he did so, but the hive/ metal race cooperation story to create the UVR isn't complete." Lady Sphinx said, "We believe that the UVR is nothing but one giant illusion domain since it's impossible for technology to mimic exact universal laws and such at 100% realism. Though, technology was also playing a massive role to keep the UVR operational. You can consider the UVR as a realistic illusionary universe with the virtual being used to allow the people the freedom to control and shape the illusion to their desires."

"The fact that we need to send our consciousness to enter the UVR made it even more obvious." Felix murmured.

As much as the news caught him off guard and changed his entire view of the UVR, Felix found it too logical to disapprove.

The Universal virtual reality sounded absurd on paper no matter how much the metal/hive race tried to sell it...However, because it worked as they stated, no one was given any other choice but to proclaim them as absolute geniuses for bringing them into a new era.

While a virtual space capable of covering tens of billions of space across the universe sounded inconceivable, the same couldn't be applied to an illusion domain!

The fact that people with access to their consciousness space were capable of creating their own range signal to enter the UVR was another piece of evidence!

"While you were sold on the idea that a hive race general consciousness technique is the reason to fix the range issue with the UVR, in reality?" Lady Sphinx shared, "Your consciousness was merely being used to project the illusion domain on a much wider scale through its link with Queen Ai."

"Since other dimensions cut off this connection, technology is required to connect the two dimensions with tower signals, wires, and such, before we can gain access again to the illusion domain."

This was what made Queen Ai too good...She could integrate with the illusion domain through her overpowered consciousness while at the same time taking advantage of most technologies.

Without her to keep this balance intact, everyone would have been like lost sheep inside the illusion domain.

"Do you think the two Empresses have known about this?" Felix asked with a deep frown, "If they have been lying about the UVR, god knows what else they are hiding."

"I don't know about that, but I am confident that Lord Loki must have fooled them as well into believing that the UVR was their creation." Lady Sphinx answered, "This is the god of deception and illusion, it's not hard for him in the slightest to achieve this against mortals."

Felix couldn't help but agree with her.

With Lord Loki's mental manipulation prowess, even the metal race would end up falling under his lies since they still possessed a living consciousness inside their metallic vessels.

As for the hive race? They might be considered one of the best mentalists in the universe as a race, but it amounted to nothing against the god of mentalists himself.

"Why, why did he do this? Why did he go this far to spread his illusion domain? Is he that bored? Or he is actually a good-natured primogenitor who wanted to bring peace upon mortals?"

Felix's mind was packed with more questions than answers.

This sort of news had affected him more than anyone else since he was considered the grand supreme and possessed the majority of the voting in the ten rulers' circle.

To find out that he was in fact not the top dog in his own alliance and that Lord Loki had more authority than him on Queen Ai and UVR's matters in general was a massive hit.

No need to mention the fact that Lord Loki had conspired against him and he was always on his radar.

"All we know is that he is carrying some sort of an experiment." Lady Sphinx replied, "Since the UVR has been up and running for over two million years now without much interference on his side, we believe that he has created it for his entertainment purposes."

"I see." Felix nodded in understanding.

He had to say that if he wasn't told about Lord Loki's existence and his relation to the UVR, he would have never found out... It was enough to demonstrate that Lord Loki was seeing himself as a spectator.

Honestly, even if Felix wanted to find out more about Lord Loki's motives, there was no other way but to ask him personally.

It was an established fact by now that he had more authority than anyone on the UVR and Queen Ai, so he could forget about getting information from these two sources.

"Since he has given me permission to use his bloodline, I will obtain illusion immunity and other abilities to toughen my mental fortitude." Felix stated, "He won't pose much danger to me then."

Lord Loki was only strong if one was affected by his illusions...With illusion immunity and Felix becoming a deity, he wouldn't be able to pull a fast one on him even if he wanted.

"Though, the spying can't be fixed." Asna said with an irritated tone, "I feel like his two perverse eyes are putting a hole in the back of my head."

"It can't be helped, we need his UVR and even if we told him to stop spying on us, he wouldn't go for it." Felix shook his head.

As much as it irritated him to know someone was watching him 24/7, Felix had no plans on giving up on the UVR...Especially, when his entire life revolved around it.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Though, now that he was going to use Lord Loki's bloodline, he would at least be able to protect himself from invasive attempts to spy inside his memories, thoughts, and dreams.

If it wasn't for this, he would honestly be losing his mind over this issue as no one would feel comfortable in such a f*cked-up situation.

Good thing Lady Sphinx had told him about this only after securing Lord Loki's bloodline...God knows how his focus would be if he knew about it and had nothing to defend himself.

"By the way, doesn't this situation feel somewhat destined?" Asna remarked with a look of interest.

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity