1338 Lord Loki's Mutations!

A small lump formed, rapidly elongating into a slender, sinuous extension. Like a blade of grass pushing through fertile soil, a tail emerged, growing in length and girth.

Its surface developed the same chameleon-like scales that adorned his shoulders and hips, the green-blue hue gleaming vibrantly under the sun's gentle touch.

The tail swished and coiled, the color shifting subtly with the play of light and shadow. Even the blood covering it wasn't capable of hiding its mesmerizing gleam.

"Felix will definitely not be pleased with this." Asna giggled in amusement as she watched him go through the last minutes of this painful and agonizing storm.

If Felix had obtained a tail mutation in the early stages of his life, then he would gladly accept it. But, at his current level, a tail mutation was no different than a cosmetic useless mutation.

Alas, that's how integration with new bloodlines went, he couldn't always be lucky and get the best and finest mutations of them all every time.

Fifteen agonizing minutes passed as Felix writhed on the rocky ground.

The sun's light slowly strengthened as its rays kissed the mountaintop...Eventually, the maelstrom subsided, leaving Felix gasping for breath, his body soaked in sweat and blood.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

After a few moments of doing nothing but lying on the ground and trying his best to not pass out, Felix finally give in to the exhaustion and let himself go.

A few hours later...

Blinking into the harsh midday sunlight, Felix awoke in a roofless hut. He lay still for a moment, feeling the rays warm his newly pale skin, then slowly rose to his feet.

He immediately figured out that his master had taken care of him while he was out.

"My hair..." he breathed, pulling a few strands forward to see them better.

The base color of his hair was a transparent light yellow, but it now danced with shades of green, blue, brown, and orange.

The colors shifted as they caught the light, appearing as though a painter had woven a masterpiece into every living strand.

"This is... Quite trippy," he marveled, his voice filled with quiet awe.

He manifested a holographic mirror and swiftly studied his reflection...His eyes, once a distinct yellow, were now a mesmerizing arctic blue while his pupils were creamy white.

He leaned in closer, taking in the change.

"Light arctic eyes... Finally, I got a close color to my original ones." he mused aloud.

His gaze then dropped to his shoulders and hips. Where there was once bare skin, there were now intricate scales, their light green-blue hue resembling a beautifully inked tattoo.

"Scales..." he exclaimed, running his fingers over the textured skin. "It's as if I've merged with a chameleon."

"You should look behind you." Asna giggled while covering her mouth.

The moment Felix heard her teasing voice, he felt a chill course on his spine after realizing a familiar feeling in his lower back had returned.

"I wasn't dreaming..."

He turned with a frozen expression, trying to get a better look at his lower back.

The sight that greeted him was something entirely unexpected, something he never thought he would see on his own body again!

There, extending from his lower back, was a tail- the same green-blue of his scales, shifting and glinting in the sunlight.

"God damn it!" Felix cursed with watery eyes as he stared at his new tail coiling and uncoiling playfully.

"Before you start hating on it, you should know that the tail works together with the scales to give you a decent mutation." Lady Sphinx shared.

"What do you mean?" Felix's eyes dried up immediately at the sound of that.

In his eyes, as long as mutation provided a utility, he didn't give a sh*t about its appearance.

"The scales and the tail allow you to shapeshift into anything you desire as long as it shares the same body figure as you." Lady Sphinx mentioned.

"For real? It's not an illusion ability?!" Felix was startled.

There was a massive difference between using an illusion element to shapeshift and actually doing it.

Using illusion implied that the user would still feel himself to be the same, but he would appear otherwise to the others affected by the illusion.

But shapeshifting would show different results to both the user and everyone else!

"It's half, half." Lady Sphinx disclosed, "You wouldn't really shapeshift into another person, but just the exterior will resemble the mentioned target."

"I see, so it affects only my exterior appearance, which is the reason why the desired shape needs to have the same figure as me." Felix nodded in understanding.

"Try it, just envision any appearance in your mind and focus hard on making it happen."

"Okay."

The moment Felix closed his eyes and went for it, he felt a new surge of power radiating from the chameleon-like scales that adorned his body and the slender tail that extended from his lower back.

The tail's scales started creeping across his entire body until he was fully covered from toe to head.

With eyes closed, he focused on this newfound energy and willed his scales to shift, to mold his appearance to his desired target.

His shoulder-length hair, once a canvas of various colors, began to shimmer, changing to a shade reminiscent of sun-kissed sand.

The transformation was mesmerizing, like watching the northern lights dance across the sky.

His eyes, too, began to change. The once light sky- blue hue deepened and shifted, gradually adopting the golden hue of his now sandy hair.

His chameleon tail twitched, reacting to the transformation. Its green-blue hue faded as its shape changed, becoming thicker, and more muscular!

In place of the chameleon-like scales, a tuft of golden fur sprouted at its end... His tail now swished back and forth with a lion's might and grace!

Even the gemstones embedded in his body, his horns, and the cracks were no longer to be seen.

With the last traces of the chameleon disappearing, Felix stood newly transformed back into his 1st bloodline replacement's appearance.

As Felix gazed at his reflection in the holographic mirror, he couldn't help but show a nostalgic smile.

"I feel like I am back to the old days." Felix chuckled as he watched his old lion's tail, swishing left and right.

"This is quite interesting, can you mix and match between them?" Asna asked with a curious tone.

"Let's see."

This time Felix didn't change his entire appearance but focused purely on his lion's tail and his hair color.

He made the tail disappear and changed his hair back into dark red again.

"I guess it's more than doable." Felix smiled widely as he kept messing around with his appearance, changing his hair, eyes, and even facial features into his desired target.

With more funny experiments, he found out that he could do anything as long as he remained within the confines of his human figure and he didn't try to add anything he didn't already possess, such as a limb, an eye or something.

This meant he could easily hide his tail and scales if he wanted...Felix left the scales alone but removed the tail, seemingly retracting back into his body.

"With this mutation, it will save me the trouble of having to get another ability with the same effect." Felix uttered with a hopeful tone, "Let's see what passive was unlocked."

Besides the known illusion immunity, Felix found out the details of a new illusion passive called, *Mind Fortress*.

When he finished reading it, he couldn't help but show a wide grin. "At last, at last, I can say my mind is an unbreakable fortress!"

His happiness was understandable as the passive turned the user's mind into an indestructible fortress that could be broken by only those capable of resisting the user's illusions!

"Don't get too happy yet." Thor warned, "Just because you have Lord Loki's bloodline, doesn't mean that you can create the same realistic illusions as him. Illusions' prowess depends heavily on their user and you might get away with it by using Lord Loki's abilities, but the moment you obtain his manipulation, you might fail to even trick a mortal."

"I understand." Felix eased his happiness.

He realized that this passive would be great only while he was still using Lord Loki's abilities.

Fortunately, the next stage in his path was the origin realm.

If he pulled it off, he would obtain all of Lord Loki's unlocked abilities, which would help him greatly until he got better with his limited illusion manipulation.

"Now, the moment of truth." Felix took a deep breath and beamed multiple testing machines in an empty area in front of him.

Without access to the UVR, he could only test his replacement enhancements in the real world.

Calmly, Felix positioned himself, every sinew in his body coiling like a spring, a well of untapped power.

With a swift inhalation, he drew his right fist back, feeling the weight of his power coursing through his veins.

His body became a tight knot of impending destruction, his face etched with fierce determination.

This was the moment when he would find out if it would be possible to become a deity in a few months or years!

Then, with an explosive release of energy, he drove his fist forward, ripping through the air. The sound of his punch echoed through the field like a sonic boom, vibrating the air around him!

His fist met the red pad with an ungodly force that instantly made the metal creak and groan under the impact!!

For a moment, it was as if time slowed.

The machine shuddered, lights flashing erratically on its console as it struggled to process the scale of the impact.

Then, like a star gone supernova, the machine exploded under Felix's stunned expression.

Metal shards and circuits flew in every direction, smoke and sparks billowing out in a cloud!

The deafening sound of the explosion reverberated across the forest, leaving an echo of Felix's destructive power!

When the dust settled, Felix stood before the smoldering remnants of what was once a state-of- the-art testing machine.

His fist was unmarked, but the destruction around him bore witness to his devastating strength.

"At least you know now that it's above 950K." Asna commentated with a faint chuckle, knowing that the calculating limit of the machine was 950K!

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity