Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1340

Five Months Later in The SGAlliance\'s territory...

Once a picturesque settlement, now a tragic tableau of ruin and despair, a goblin town lay gutted under the ruthless onslaught of a demon squad led by a powerful demon captain.

The once-cobblestone streets, host to the cheer of daily life, were strewn with debris and the shards of a life that was.

The once charming houses, their facades boasting intricate woodwork, were nothing more than smoldering husks, skeletal remnants of what they used to be.

The town\'s central square, once a bustling hub of chatter and laughter, was eerily silent save for the intermittent echoes of destruction.

Swooping low in the twilit sky, a flight of demons descended upon the town. Their monstrous forms were silhouetted against the dull red glow of the setting sun, their ghastly wings spreading a shadow of dread.

The leader, massive and terrifying, stood at the forefront, his scarred countenance a testament to countless battles.

Their eyes glowed with an unholy light, casting a spectral glow on the town\'s ruins, adding a sinister overtone to the devastation.

"I can smell purities hiding here."

Captain Gorgul licked his busted open lips with a revolting black tongue as he scanned the eerie silent ruined town.

"Mogali\'s squad has rampaged through here, I doubt they would have left a single soul around." His subordinate mentioned.

"That retard\'s invasions are always sloppy as he focuses on bigger group targets." Captain Gorgul sneered, "For such a small town, he must have passed by it and didn\'t care about searching it thoroughly. Now, spread out and find me some purities to feast on."

Without any more questions, the demons rampaged through the town, leaving behind them a chaotic symphony of destruction, their monstrous forms backlit by the raging fires.

Thud!! Thud!! Thud!!...

Deep in an underground cave, huddled in fear, what remained of the town folks could hear the echoes of their monstrous destruction.

The village chief, Agnar, a weathered short goblin with lines of worry etched on his face, tried to maintain an air of calm.

"Hush, now," he whispered to the trembling children around him, their wide eyes reflecting the dim light of the underground chamber. "We must be quiet...We must be strong."

His words were for himself as much as for the rest of them... He was no warrior, but he was their leader, and he had a responsibility to uphold.

Alas, when demons seek out purities out of hunger, they leave nothing unturned.

"Captain, we found a closed well buried under a mountain of rubble.

Gorgul\'s lips curled into a grotesque smile, revealing rows of jagged teeth. "Is that so?"

He walked towards the well and found out that his squad was already digging the rubble around it, exposing it in the open.

When it was fully exposed, they pushed the lid away and Gorgul uttered with a playful tone, "Come out, little goblins, or I\'ll fill your hidey-hole with my little gift."

A swirling mass of red mist gathered in his palm, clearly threatening to fill the entire underground cave with evil energy.

\'We are done for..."

Below, Agnar felt a chill run down his spine. The rumble of the demon\'s voice resonated with a terrifying promise.

The adults exchanged despairing glances while the children huddled closer, their whimpering whispers echoing in the dank enclosure.

"Find a way to get them out without collapsing the ground. We don\'t need them dead." Captain Gorgul retracted his hand as he wanted to eat the refuges\' purities not kill or demonize them.

So, he needed them well and alive.

Just as his squad started to dig around the well, a figure appeared next to Captain Gorgul.

The figure was tall and imposing, with a calm but determined gaze.

It was Felix in his Lord Shiva\'s demonic appearance.

"You really can\'t spare anyone...

Felix said with a flat tone.

Captain Gorgul felt a shiver coursing down his spine the moment he heard this familiar voice.

A voice that all demons were forced to listen to million times under the orders of the demon king in hopes of recognizing him and telling their king about his location.

Alas, just as Captain Gorgul wanted to look to the side and confirm Felix\'s identity, he found himself unable to move an inch.

\'It can\'t be...\'

His heartbeats accelerated in agitation and fear while his eyes kept dancing in their sockets.

"Captain?!"

When his subordinates noticed that their captain was awfully quiet, they turned around and were stunned by the sight of him frozen in place while Felix was standing next to him with an expressionless look.

Without a word, Felix began to walk towards the well, his every step measured and calm.

Each stride seemed to resonate with an ethereal force that seemed out of this world. The air around him began to vibrate, a soft, low hum that was almost a whisper.

The demons watched Felix\'s approach; their monstrous eyes narrowed in anticipation of an impending battle. But Felix did not raise his fists. Instead, he simply walked, his gaze steady, and an aura of tranquility radiating from him.

However, this tranquility masked an overwhelming spiritual pressure.

Felix, a serene vessel for a storm of spiritual power, began to unleash it, directing it toward the demons. A subtle shift in the atmosphere marked the onset of this unseen assault!

The demons staggered, clutching their heads as they felt a force rippling through them. It was not a physical force; it was something much deeper, something that tore at their very souls.

"Noo!"

"Stop!"

"Arghghhh!!"

Panic flashed in their monstrous eyes as they realized what was happening.

Felix\'s spiritual pressure, a force as serene as it was deadly, was unweaving the fabric of their existence...Their roars of defiance turned into wails of anguish as their souls were pulled apart, thread by thread, each disintegration a silent testament to Felix\'s power!

The spiritual pressure intensified with every step Felix took.

The demons around him disintegrated, their monstrous forms collapsing into nothingness.

By the time Felix reached the well, not a single demon stood... Even Captain Gorgul suffered from the same fate.

This was the power of spiritual pressure at a deity level...The power to extinguish the life of anyone below a deity level through a mere glance!

The moment Felix ascended to a deity level and embarked on his journey across the SGAlliance\'s territory, he was never forced to use anything besides it!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Felix peered into the well before jumping inside of it.

When he landed on the ground, he walked for a short while until his serene gaze met the wide-eyed stares of the goblins below.

"Fear not," he said, his gentle voice echoing in the cave, "The demons are gone."

"Grand Supreme..." Agnar uttered with a look of disbelief the moment Felix came under a dim-lighted crystal in the ceiling and showed his demonic appearance.

While his appearance would have scared children straight, not a single goblin reacted like that.

All of them had their expression turn from utter despair into instant relief like their lives would never be threatened from this moment on.

It was expected as Felix\'s face was the most memorized one in the entire universe and no one with access to the UVR could mistake him!

It was like mistaking one own country\'s king.

"Let\'s go, I have my spaceship prepared." Felix showed a peaceful smile to ease their worries even more.

Without questions asked, Agnar and his people followed Felix back to the surface.

All of them knew that demons wouldn\'t bother acting this nice with them, especially when they were one of the least threatening races.

The moment they emerged on the other side, the first thing that came into their view was their absolutely demolished homes.

The children sniffled quietly while the adults shared depressed looks.

Felix neither spoke nor comforted them about this...He merely pointed his finger at the sky and said, "This will be your home for a little while."

Huddled together, the goblins lifted their heads and stared in awe at an enormous vessel, a symbol of salvation after a long nightmare... The Eternal Nautilus!

Sometime later...

The goblins began their ascent into the spacecraft. Their small, green forms scurried up the boarding ramps, their eyes wide with a mix of fear and wonder.

Each carried a bag containing the remnants of their former lives, a reminder of the homes they were forced to abandon.

"What... the..."

"How....

Upon entering the spaceship, the goblins were met with an overwhelming sight.

The interior of the Eternal Nautilus was a sprawling metropolis in itself.

Buildings, streets, parks, and even rivers, all recreated under the artificial lights of the spaceship, stretched as far as the eye could see.

It was a microcosm of the universe, filled with tens of millions of refugees from different races!

The goblins passed by groups of diverse beings, each with their unique physical traits and attire...There were elves, witches, dwarves, ores, goblins, spirit foxes, and even humans.

Yet, amidst their differences, they shared a common reality...They were all refugees, survivors of planetary invasions, their homes lost to the marauding demons.

They were all here, aboard the Eternal Nautilus, under the protection of Felix.

The refugees lived in harmony for more than four months now under Felix\'s blessings after being saved by him.

The moment Felix woke up from his slumber and realized that he had ascended into a deity, he kept his word and departed from the Elementals Galaxy immediately.

He didn\'t even spend a minute testing out his new enhanced reaction speed and potent spiritual pressure.

Instead of going straight into the milky way galaxy or going after his enemies, he picked the longest path that would ensure he saved as many citizens as possible.

Right now, he had picked more than fifteen million random refuges after clearing up tens of invaded solar systems.

He prioritized saving refuges more than killing demons since he knew that it was possible to reverse the demonization process.

He might not actively hunt them down, but he didn\'t show mercy in the slightest to anyone that fell in his path.

Obviously, his actions could never remain hidden for long as he was making too much of a splash.

This was exactly what Felix wanted.

"Lord Lucifer, the target is cleaning up Goblus planet and saving its refugees." Lokaka informed with an icy tone, "If we moved now, we might be able to intercept him on his next planet."

"It\'s about time we have that destined meeting of ours. Open up the portal." Lucifer expressed with a faint cold smile as he stood up from his throne.

"Can we come too?\'

"We would like to watch our lord\'s greatness as he stomps down on that pest."

Previous green and black dragon clans\' heads requested with a hopeful tone as they kneeled at the side of the throne.

"I am not going to kill him, but you can come and watch." Lucifer permitted nonchalantly and walked through the portal with the eager two dragons and Lokaka behind him."