Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Sometime later...

The planet's blood-red sky, shot through with streaks of baleful violet, boiled with demonic energy.

Crumbled buildings loomed over vacant streets, while strange, monstrous creatures prowled amongst the wreckage, their growls and roars echoing eerily.

From the heart of this chaos, malevolent gray energy swirled, growing larger and denser until it ripped open a portal of shimmering whiteness.

Emerging from this dimensional rift was Lucifer, wrapped in his sable cloak, his eyes glowing with a cold and wicked light.

Behind him, three imposing figures emerged....Lokaka and the previous two dragon clan heads.

Lucifer had demonized many worthy leaders and fighters from the SGAlliance and already had capable subordinates under him, but he still used those three most often as they proved to be much greater than everyone else.

It was to be expected as the three of them were all in the top ten strongest fighters in the alliance.

"I can already smell his existence." Lucifer said after taking a deep breath with a look of pure bliss.

Ygos and the other two could only act ignorant at their lord's sus comments and actions toward Felix... They were pretty used to it by now.

"He is currently evacuating the refuges in his spaceship." Lokaka coughed.

"Good, good, let's greet him properly."

Lucifer broke into a cloud of evil energy and took off toward the mentioned location. It was quite nearby, so he didn't need to use another portal.

Lokaka and the dragons' heads chased after him with looks filled with anticipation.

Standing amidst a ruined city was Felix, his golden eyes reflecting the chaos around him as he was helping thousands of mixed citizens ascent multiple small spaceships to deliver them to the Eternal Nautilus.

"They are here," Felix uttered calmly without bothering to even turn his head.

He didn't need to as he had gotten familiar with his wisdom eye to the point it allowed him to sense any evil thoughts targeting him from thousands of kilometers!

"Candace, take care of the evacuation." Felix ordered.

"Leave it to me."

Felix turned around and teleported in the blink of an eye under the eyes of the refugees...But no one felt unsafe or caused trouble as Candace was even scarier than him.

When Felix reappeared in the middle of nowhere, he looked at the rushing three evil auras and waved his hand in a gentle manner, seemingly releasing a transparent ethereal glow around him.

Then, he retracted it and waited patiently for the guests...His actions were somewhat bizarre, but thankfully, no one was near to see him.

It didn't take even a couple of seconds before Lucifer and his subordinates landed in front of him.

Felix's gaze hardened when he saw Lucifer manifest from a cloud of evil energy.

"Lucifer," he greeted, his voice echoing through the deserted farming field, a challenge ringing clear.

Lucifer raised an eyebrow, his lips curling into a cruel smile.

"Felix," he responded, his voice a poisonous whisper, "Our destinies have finally clashed."

The tension between the two was palpable, one could say a cosmic struggle between the elements and the force that sought to corrupt them.

"You started this whole mess for the sake of meeting me, well, I am here." Felix called with a cold tone, "What do you have to say?"

"Look at this vermin, thinking himself worthy to make our lord explain his thoughts." Ygos sneered, puffing out corrupted dark red flames from his nostrils.

"Heh, he thinks his authority as a grand supreme amount to anything here." Lokaka mocked, "You should have stayed hiding."

Felix didn't even bother to glance in their direction. He focused on Lucifer and asked with a flat tone, "You should have told me you will bring cheerleaders with you."

"You!!"

"Motherf* cker!"

"Please lord! Give us permission to kill him!"

Even when he wasn't trying, Felix's words cut through their pride like it was a piece of paper.

After all, they were the highest authoritative figures in the alliance before they had gotten demonized.

Although they became docile and obsessively loyal to Lucifer, their original pride was still intact.

Alas, they might be loyal to Lucifer, but he saw them as mere bugs under his command.

"Kill him? You aren't worthy to lick his shoes."

Lucifer eyed them coldly, "Now, shut your damn mouths and wait silently at the side.

All of them felt hot blood rush to their faces in shame as they didn't expect their lord to side with Felix and humiliate them in front of their mortal enemy.

Sadly, they couldn't open their mouths and defy Lucifer's orders.

"I was always curious how can you make your demonized subjects loyal to this degree?" Felix inquired.

The sight of those three prideful authoritative figures being subdued like pets was too weird for him...Especially, when he knew that demons were individualists without an ounce of loyalty to anyone but themselves and they needed soul contracts to trust each other.

Lucifer chuckled as he walked next to Lokaka and started patting him on the head without him daring to utter a single complaint.

"It's simple really, people are slaves to evil energy and evil energy is a slave to me." Lucifer smiled.

"How is that possible?" Felix frowned, finding it hard to believe his answer.

It was understandable as it was the same as him saying that he had absolute control over evil energy instead of bending and wielding it to his desire.

There was a massive difference.

"It's possible if you are evil energy itself." Before

Felix could react to this statement, Lucifer clapped his hands twice, "I didn't come here to chitchat on such useless matters. I have waited too long for this moment, and I can't wait another second."

The moment he finished talking, Lucifer pointed his finger at Felix and released his potent spiritual pressure freely, causing a dust storm to emerge around him, making him seem like he was surrounded by a transparent aura.

'Ha-ha! It's happening.'

'Let's see how cocky you will be after this.'

Lokaka and the others had gotten energized at the notion of Felix getting flattened to the ground through their Lord's spiritual pressure.

𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Forgive me for this, but I need you standing still during the ascension process." Lucifer gave a noble apology as he pointed his finger at the expressionless Felix.

Whoosh!! Whoosh!!

In a heart-stopping moment, both released their attacks simultaneously, two colossal waves of spiritual pressure surging toward each other!

The resulting collision was cataclysmic. The very air rippled, a shockwave of energy radiating from the epicenter!

The planet seemed to have quaked beneath them, the sky above them roared, and a brilliant kaleidoscope of white and dark light painted an extraordinary tableau against the red backdrop!

Their energies were evenly matched, each fighting for dominance in this chaotic dance of power, a stunning testament to their respective strengths!

'Impossible!'

'How can this be?!'

'What the hell?!!'

This wasn't the sight Lokaka and the dragons' heads had expected, leaving them staring at the evenly spiritual clash with mouths wide open!

They knew that their lord's spiritual pressure was on a primogenitor's level, which made them incapable of believing what their eyes were feeding them!

The implications were just too much for them to accept!

Meanwhile, Lucifer showed the exact opposite reaction.

Immediately after both spiritual pressures negated each other, he broke into a laughing spree. "Hahahaha! As expected of my other half! I would have been disappointed if you haven't already reached this stage."

"You thought I will be that foolish to appear before you without becoming a deity first?" Felix said with a flat tone.

"My fault, my fault, I honestly thought that you wouldn't remain hiding for long when your people were suffering across the entire universe." Lucifer smiled, "But don't overthink this, you being a deity only made this a bit more interesting."

"We shall see."

Felix's power roared to life, his first ability forming a sphere of sparkling purplish water around Lucifer, who grinned at the display.

But then, Felix transmuted the water into countless ice spears. With a flick of his wrist, they shot toward Lucifer.

Lucifer was more than ready as he had been dealing with ice attacks for a long while now.

He twisted his dark power, corrupting the incoming ice spears...One by one, they transformed, twisting into nightmarish, obsidian shards that redirected back towards Felix!

Felix acted quickly. He conjured a shield of white adamantine.

The corrupted shards clashed against his defense, resulting in a resonating explosion of shattered ice and dark energy.

Unfazed, Felix quickly moved to his next spell.

RUMBLE!!

With a flick of his hand and suddenly a bolt of lightning split the heavens, its brilliance a stark contrast to the pallid moonlight!

The air was alit with static energy, a palpable tension buzzing between the combatants.

"Is this a joke?"

Lucifer laughed, his voice a dissonant melody against the resounding thunder...His power thrummed in response, corrupting the bolt into a snake of seething darkness, reversing its trajectory towards Felix!

In a brilliant flash, Felix invoked the lesser time spell, Temporal Freeze!

Time itself bowed to his will as the lethal bolt of lightning hung suspended in midair, its deadly dance stilled by the spell's unyielding grasp!

He then used a spatial spell to shift the frozen bolt away, hurling it into the moonlit horizon.

"You even mastered time spells? You are making me want you more and more." Lucifer licked his lips akin to a starving hyena, seemingly unafraid in the slightest by Felix's time spells.

It was understandable as his reaction speed would make it extremely difficult to get ensnared by a time spell unless Felix was capable of activating it in less than 0.0001 seconds!

Meanwhile, Fenrir's ultimate ability was undodgeable as it affected an entire planet in less than a few seconds!

"This is nothing."

Felix changed the rules of engagement.

In the next instant, Felix summoned an enormous wave of water, a liquid wall racing toward Lucifer.

With the water, he mixed his most potent poison, True Poison, turning the massive surge into a deadly torrent.

But Lucifer merely chuckled...He twisted his energy, corrupting the poison within the water, turning it harmless.

"If this is all you can offer, then this will end faster than I anticipated." Lucifer commentated as he manifested a magnificent dimension of potent sinister power source above him.

Then, without an ounce of hesitation, he transformed the dimension into millions of disgusting living leaches and sent them in the direction of his enemy!

With a subtle shift in his stance, Felix turned to face the swarm of living leeches, a nauseating mass birthed from corrupted energy.

Then, with a decisive thrust forward of his palm, he activated Concept Erasure!

In an instant, the power source leeches were met by a crimson palm manifested of out destruction energy, their existence challenged by the counterforce of Felix's ability!

One by one, millions of leeches disintegrated, their essence erased from reality, their threat neutralized by the absolute power of Felix's palm, leaving nothing behind but the echoes of their malevolent hisses...

"You do not seem to get it..." Felix stated calmly as he eyed Lucifer, "The only thing you had over me was spiritual pressure and reaction speed, but now? You should feel grateful I haven't ended this fight in the first second."

"So, drop your baseless pride and answer my question... Why are you coming after me?"