1344 The Absurd and The Logical.

Felix stood alone in the void of nothingness, surrounded by the remnants of a shattered reality.

'Construction Cube:

He brought forth the mastered blue

Construction Cube...The cube hovered above his palm, pulsating with an energy that was capable of reassembling the fabric of existence.

"Expand." he commanded, his voice going silent in the void.

The Cube responded, brightening and emitting waves of energy that rippled out into the eternal darkness while getting bigger.

The energy pulsed rhythmically, like the beating of a cosmic heart, each pulse growing stronger and more potent!

First, it started with the ground. From nothingness, the energy began to weave strands of existence, drawing on the memory of what was.

Chunks of earth and stone materialized.

gradually filling the void. Grass sprouted, trees sprouted up, each growing rapidly as if time itself was compensating for its absence.

The sky followed suit, the eternal darkness giving way to a brilliant canvas of blue. Clouds took form, painting fluffy white streaks across the sky, and the sun, a glowing sphere of warmth, punctuated the heavens.

Finally, the cube pulsated one last time, as it reconstructed the intricacies of existence that everyone took for granted.

The flow of time resumed its steady rhythm, gravity reasserted its invisible pull, and space wrapped itself around everything, restoring everything that had been annihilated.

Even Lokaka and the two dragons' corpses were created on the ground without an ounce of life in their soulless eyes.

Felix lowered his hand, the cube going dormant once more. He stood amidst the restored environment, his eyes reflecting the returned beauty of the world around him.

The once-crumbling reality was now vibrant and full of life, a testament to the power of creation after destruction!

Felix had restored everything but Lucifer even though he knew that souls could never reconstructed with his abilities.

Knowing that bastard possessed uncanny immortality, he didn't want to risk restoring his corpse just for him to return to life.

"Do you think he has died for real?" Asna inquired.

"The only way to be sure is to visit the darkness well and check there." Felix said with a solemn

tone.

Felix was told that totality collapse was more than capable of erasing Lucifer from reality... But, after watching and hearing everything that happened in his fantasy, he wasn't so sure anymore.

Felix had heard and seen everything inside

Lucifer's fantasy even when it seemed like thousands of years had gone by.

That's because the conception of time was screwed up immensely in his fantasy and Lucifer had no idea about it.

'The ability used to tool Lucifer wasn't illusion domain as Felix hadn't reached 99% yet in his integration.

It was an active ability called, Fantasy Manifestation, and he had unlocked it at 30%.

It caused the target to have his most desired fantasy come to life by filling in the details himself and how he perceived it would end.

The illusion could be interrupted only when the details were questioned by the user just like what happened to Lucifer.

Felix had cast this ability before Lucifer and his subordinates got close to him...When they stepped into its invisible range, Felix targeted only Lucifer.

The reason Felix managed to sell it at the start was because he got himself inside the fantasy and played along with Lucifer until the moment he used his own evil energy to cripple him.

Felix ditched the fantasy and let it play out as Lucifer anticipated.

This was the reason Felix's consciousness space was empty and the takeover of his soul hadn't involved Asna in the slightest.

How could Lucifer fill in the details of something he had no idea about?

"The ascension, demon god, mother, and the overbearing strength he showed against the primogenitors. Thor shook his head, "It's hard to figure out what was real and what was made up by his own beliefs."

At the end of the day, a fantasy was nothing but a world of imagination and wish fulfillment.

If Lucifer was acting on wish fulfillment, then many scenes could be questioned.

"Since he went to request help from his 'mother' to overthrow the unigins, it means that his beliefs weren't completely irrational. Otherwise, he would have already made up something and destroyed them as well." Lady Sphinx said.

"That's true..." Felix knitted his eyebrows, "For him to seek his mother's help while inside his own fantasy means that he sees her as above him even when he had already conquered the universe and killed all the primogenitors that stood in front of him."

In this universe, only unigins and those beings were known to be above primogenitors...

"I guess she really has woken up. Jörmungandr said with a serious tone.

Just like the discussion had summoned him, Lord Khaos appeared on his chair at the meeting table and uttered expressionlessly, "The Paragon of Sins."

Everyone nodded with heavy looks. None of them were pleased by the news in the slightest since the paragon always made a mess in the universe.

The current demonic plague was enough proof of her sinister nature.

"If she is involved in this, then don't be foolish to believe that it's over." Lord Khoas remarked calmly.

"The fact that Lucifer calls her his mother implies that she has created him, which makes it even harder to believe that he has been gone for good." Asna added.

"Well, his soul has been erased from existence and unless she can give birth to another demon similar to Lucifer, then I don't see him reviving again. Elder Kraken interjected.

As a soul expert, he was certain that it would be impossible for Lucifer to be revived with his memories and such intact after being hit by Totality Collapse.

Soul erasure was nothing like normal death as it implied complete removal from the universe and all of its dimensions... Even primogenitors would have no way of ever coming back if their souls were gone.

"If he can't be revived, then I have a feeling she will create another one to finish her peculiar mission." Thor rubbed his chin as he recalled the scenes from Lucifer's fantasy.

"I am honestly confused about the whole matter."

Asna uttered with a puzzled tone, "It's clear as day from the fantasy that Lucifer is under the assumption that he could steal Felix's body and ascend to a Demon God. The Paragon of Sins is the one putting him under such an insane assumption. So, is the ascension a real thing or not? I am finding it hard to believe that the Paragon of Sins put Lucifer into this as a prank, but at the same time, I find it absolutely absurd."

From what they had witnessed, the ascension seemed like it was destined to happen as the moment Lucifer took over Felix's body, he gained insane strength enhancement in addition to a new makeover.

It was like they were missing soulmates and when he took over, he became whole again.

"I don't know if the ascension is a real thing or not, but him defeating Felix in the consciousness space was logical." Lady Sphinx shared her observation, "He believed that Felix's soul was normal and if he defeats Felix, he could kill his consciousness and own both his soul and body.

It's quite possible since it will be the same as the demonization process, only this time, instead of merging evil energy with one's soul, it will be Lucifer."

"He did say that he is the evil energy." Thor nodded, "I can totally see it happening now."

Felix and others understood Lady Sphinx's explanation as it made the most sense.

Asna believed that the whole situation was absurd since she understood that souls need to be compatible to either merge or take over the other and control the body without any problems.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

She had personal experience with this as she spent millions of years trying to find a soul compatible with her, which was a miracle on its own as it almost never happens.

But this clearly didn't apply to Lucifer due to the unique invasive nature of evil energy!

When people get demonized, they end up having evil energy merged with their souls without an issue, providing them with immortality and other goodies for a price...It could be considered a parasite that needed a host to continue existing.

But, if Lucifer was the consciousness of evil energy, then he would be able to steal anyone's body and control them!

"This also explains why Lucifer's personally demonized subordinates keep their memories and their original powers while being brainwashed by him. Felix stressed, "He must be leaving his own personal evil power source inside their soul, making it possible to contain the nasty side effects and for them to never betray him since he could literally control them like his puppets if he wanted.

"Seems logical.

The tenants agreed with Felix's assumption as it checked over the boxes of their theory.

"If he knew about Asna's existence, he would not have dared to go for it as it would be impossible to own the entire soul without dealing with her." Thor said.

"This means that the Paragon of Sins also has no clue about my existence since she will know that her mission was bound to fail" Asna remarked.

Just as the tenants were about to agree with her, Lord Khoas disclosed emotionlessly, "I can't speak for anything else, but the Paragon of Sins never does anything meaningless."

"Whether she knew or not, there must be another end goal here that we aren't seeing.

Lady Sphinx and the others understood that Lord Khoas knew the most about the Paragon of Sins, and if he said this about her, then they could only trust his judgment.

"For now, I'll focus on freeing my people from this demonic plague." Felix uttered with a stern tone, "Whether she sends Lucifer or a new demon with the same strength as him, this time, I will make sure to open his brain and find out the entire truth.