Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

1345 Sharing the News!

Felix walked to the Lokaka and the dragons' corpses. Then, he beamed them in his spatial card.

He planned on taking them to Olivia to reverse the demonization process as their bodies still remained in their demonic form even after they were killed.

It was normal since the evil energy attached to their physical bodies was also restored. Though, it would be much easier to reverse the process for them due to their souls being gone.

Felix wanted to do this for two reasons. Give Lokaka's wife his corpse as a closure and take away the royal gemstones from the two dragon clan heads before handing out their corpses to their respective families.

"You think they will be pleased to know that you are the killer?" Asna commentated.

"I don't care." Felix replied, "I am doing the right thing as the grand supreme, whether they accept it or take it negatively, that's up to them."

While Felix had no ulterior motives for this, he would rather have them take it in a positive matter and support his back, finally burying the hatchet between them...If not, it wouldn't matter much as with his current strength, no one in the alliance could stand against him anymore.

It was like a primogenitor becoming the alliance's leader...Everyone would bow their heads respectfully as they knew that a single glance from him was capable of killing them.

"Candance, give me information for the other princes' locations." Felix requested as he teleported inside the Eternal Nautilus' cockpit, scaring the temporarily hired crewmates.

Felix didn't find much trouble getting them when he had saved more than tens of millions of refugees of all occupations and fields.

The only reason everything was going smoothly in the spaceship was due to the people volunteering their help in all departments.

"Grand Supreme!"

After a respectful greeting from his cremates, Felix sat in the captain's cockpit and handed them new coordinates.

"Take us here after the evacuation process ends." Felix ordered.

He had just received the location from Candace, and she told him that it was the latest known position of Prince Satan as he had taken an entire solar system inside the ores' galaxy as his newly arising kingdom.

In the past months, Felix ignored the princes and focused on saving as many people as possible while heading back to his galaxy.

In his eyes, if Lucifer made a move on his bait, then it would be for the best, but if he ignored him, he wouldn't be losing anything.

But now that he had taken care of Lucifer, it was time to get rid of the remaining snake heads to leave the demons without leaders.

Demons without leaders have absolutely no idea what to do besides chasing after purities.

'Log in'

As the grand supreme, Felix had to update the rest of the leaders about the situation to switch the entire flow of the war from defense to offense.

After the meeting was set up and most inner

circle leaders had attended it, Felix skipped the bullsh*t and announced with an emotionless tone, "I have killed Lucifer using a destruction ability capable of erasing souls. I don't know if he will be revived or not, but I am certain he won't be bothering with leading the demonic invasion anymore."

The inner circle leaders sat frozen in the assembly hall, eyes wide in disbelief and shock.

The news of Felix's audacious act hit them like a bolt of lightning out of a clear sky - he had slain

Lucifer, the menacing force that had overshadowed their lives for more than six decades!

A stunned silence filled the room as they wrestled with the enormity of the revelation.

The power dynamics they had accepted as unchangeable were disrupted, leaving them grappling with profound shock.

Seeing their reaction, Felix waved his hand and showed them the last moment of Lucifer and his subordinates before getting devoured by Totality Collapse.

Queen Alfreda was the first to break the silence.

"Felix, you have confronted a terror we dared not even dream of facing. And yet, the video you have shown us... It's unbelievable."

With a mix of awe and trepidation in his voice, Werewolves King Treznor echoed his sentiments. "We knew you had strength, Felix, but this. This means you have become a deity!"

This was one of the reasons every one of them was stunned at the news...They understood that unless Felix became a deity, he could never defeat Lucifer!

"I did."

While they still anticipated it, the revelation hit the inner circle leaders like an unexpected wave after Felix confirmed it.

Their faces lit up with an electrifying mix of awe and excitement as Felix declared his transformation into a deity.

Yet, beneath the surface, a bitter undertow ran strong.

Felix, a mere human, had ascended beyond their reach, touching the divine... Each leader couldn't help but feel a twinge of envy, a stab of melancholy.

They celebrated for him but also mourned for themselves.

A human had become a deity, crossing a boundary they had once deemed impassable, and in their hearts, they understood that the divide between them had deepened.

They smiled and cheered for Felix as they knew that his ascension implied the ascension of the alliance, but in the solitude of their minds, a quiet sadness seeped in, tainted by a fit of jealousy they could not express...

All of them made sure to keep those emotions buried in their hearts.

"The ramifications of this are huge," The Spider Kin's Princess Maeralya uttered with an upbeat tone, "Your power can change the entire tide of this war!"

"The tide has already changed with Lucifer's death." Queen Alfreda addressed, "We have to make a universal wide announcement to include everyone on the news”

"Agreed!"

Everyone approved the decision even when it seemed dangerous to alert the demons of their king's death.

It was understandable... The SGAlliance had their asses kicked for the past six decades and everyone's morals were at a new-time low.

They needed a win desperately to lift them up and there was nothing better than an announcement of the worst demon getting slain by their own Grand Supreme!

"Do as you see fit." Felix approved, "I will be handling the remaining princes in the meantime."

Felix took his leave after that statement...He didn't even give time for Lokaka's wife to speak about her husband as she was still dazed by the sight of seeing him getting erased from existence in the video.

Alas, even if she woke up from her daze in time, she had nothing to say against Felix... He had killed Lucifer and those three were mere unavoidable collateral damage.

If she dared to accuse him of anything, the other leaders would make sure to put her down without needing Felix to open his mouth.

"Queen, please contact Olivia, Noah, Selphie, and Bodidi, and put them in one video call' Felix requested.

After a few beeping noises, the calls were picked up one by one until all of them were on one giant holographic screen.

There were no surprised pleasantries or such as Felix had already contacted them the moment he departed from the Elementals Galaxy.

Though, they had no clue about him becoming a deity or replacing his bloodline yet again.

"Good work on Lucifer."

Unexpectedly, Noah was the first to speak as he gave a compliment with the most serious expression ever.

Clearly, he had heard the news from his master Fenrir.

"I just gave him the meeting that he always

wanted." Felix joked as he smiled faintly, dropping his guard in front of his friends.

"You actually killed him?!" Olivia reacted excitedly as always, "Does this means we won't need to worry about new demons?!"

"As long as we reverse every single demon and completely annihilate evil energy from our territories, there will always be new demons being born." Felix said, "Though, the good news is that it won't be as aggressive and rapid as before."

Lucifer was doing more damage than all demons combined since he was capable of demonizing entire planets in less than a day.

The worst part, he could open portals inside planets with the help of Lokaka or other space worms and avoid all defensive measures.

If it wasn't for him, this demonic plague would have ended much differently as the SGAliance's forces weren't to be underestimated.

With him gone and Felix going after the princes, there would be really fewer and fewer demons being born.

"Felix, does this means you have become an origin bloodliner?" Selphie questioned in confusion, "Why does your appearance look the same? Are you contacting us from the UVR and keeping the previous one?"

This question made everyone curious as they knew that Felix's origin realm was going to be widely different from any other human...After all, he used only primogenitors' bloodlines in his path.

But Felix threw a curveball at them.

"I haven't reached the origin realm yet."

"Huh?!"Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Before they could react to his statement, Felix canceled his shapeshifting and showed them his new appearance with somewhat of an embarrassed look.

"I have replaced my bloodline for the last time."

"What. The."