Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

"He is right, this is not the time to worry about our territories." Prince Abaddon said with a solemn tone, "For Lucifer to get defeated, he must have become a deity and you know damn well, he can kill us with a mere glance."

With Lucifer being super active in this war and exposing his real strength, the six princes dropped any thoughts they had about the throne.

If they knew about it beforehand, they wouldn't have even considered it.

"I am ditching my kingdom and going into hiding." Prince Satan advised, "I suggest you do the same if you value your life."

While this decision had upset them immensely, they understood that it was the only way to save themselves.

...

On the other side of the universe, three more beings were hit the hardest by the news of Lucifer's death under Felix's hands...The Darkins!

"It finally happened...That annoying brat has reached our level." Saurous didn't know whether to be depressed or angry with how things turned out.

If someone came to him before he met Felix and he told him that in eight decades, this worthless human kid would become a deity, he would have laughed him out of the room.

But, here he was...Hiding in a corner of the universe with his partners because of the same kid, hoping for him to get killed by any means possible.

"I really thought that demon has it in the bag, but I have been disappointed too many times, I am starting to feel that unless we killed him with our two hands, it won't happen." Wendigo sighed.

"Then, let's start preparing ourselves." Manananggal said calmly, "Now, that he has reached a deity level, he is bound to target us of his own volition with his masters."

"It will be five against three." Saurous frowned, "But, he is still a mere newbie and he needs millions of years to reach our elemental range if not more."

"I am done underestimating that brat." Wendigo shook his head, "His elemental range might be trash compared to us, but he has multiple ultimate abilities in his arsenal, and that translates to billions of years of effort stacked on each other."

His partners agreed with his statement as much as they disliked the sound of it. There were plenty of things that separated a primogenitor from any deity.

Besides the reaction speed and spiritual pressure, it was the immense time they took to master their elements...Ultimate abilities were considered the pinnacle of their effort, struggle, and hard work.

Felix possessed five ultimate abilities if the void domain was considered.

This implied that only elemental range, battle experience, and immortality were the difference between him and a primogenitor.

Five ultimate abilities were potent enough to make those differences obsolete if they underestimated him and ended up getting hit by them.

"What's worse, he has the concept destruction ability, which helps him avoid any damages caused by our elements if he marked them." Wendigo frowned, "This means the only way to kill him is to assassinate him from a long distance, giving him no time to react."

"That's why I said we need to prepare." Manananggal stated, "We have to make our assassination plan tight-proof, unlike the last time."

Outnumbered or not, the darkins had no intentions of hiding in the corner like rats if Felix dared to step foot in the seven demon realms.

One could only wonder what would their reaction be if they found out that Jörmungandr and Thor weren't even in the picture.

****

Five Days Later...

The blood-red sun began to rise as Felix approached the ominous perimeters of Prince Satan's demonic city.

A city that had once throbbed with the energy of malevolent power and diabolical life now lay vacant and eerily silent.

"As expected, the announcements have scared them off." Felix uttered nonchalantly as he Ventured through the ghostly streets.

Using his evil vision, he could see that not a single demon was left in the city, which meant either Prince Satan had taken them with him or sent them away.

"Well, they can hide for as long as they want. But, they can't continue demonizing more of our people without exposing themselves." Candace sneered.

"The others must have abandoned their kingdoms as well." Felix ordered, "Let's get out of here."

Although the planet was packed with demons, Felix had no intentions of killing them...It was best to leave them be until Olivia help them reverse the demonization process.

'Queen, call Olivia.'𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

'Olivia is unavailable at the moment.' Queen Ai replied, making Felix understand that she must be busy with another demon batch.

So, he called Noah and asked for updates.

"The demonization reversal process is going smoothly." Noah shared expressionlessly.

"How much percentage do you reckon you have done?"

"Based on the latest Intel, we must have reversed the process for at least 3% across the galaxy."

"That's it?" Felix frowned, "It's way too slow."

"It can't be helped, Olivia is all alone in this and we can do nothing but increase the number of demons." Noah responded.

"I know, but it's still too slow. I have to figure out an alternative if we want to reverse the process for most people before they lose their rationality." Felix said with a serious tone.

Felix knew that it would take Olivia centuries if not more to reverse the process for the majority of the demons in the universe.

By then, most demons would have become animalistic and even if the process was reversed, they would become vegetables.

Felix had no intentions of having hundreds of billions of demonized citizens turn into vegetables on his watch.

After he hung up on Noah, Felix sat down with his thoughts and began brainstorming a new plan to accelerate the reversal process.

With Olivia already coming up with a method, he didn't stride away from it.

"Olivia is using Lady Yggdrasil's ultimate ability and a perfect balance of sucking evil energy and pushing pure energy to reverse the demonization." Felix pondered, "While she needs to supervise each demonization process, the same doesn't apply to Lady Yggdrasil."

"Are you thinking of requesting Lady Yggdrasil to help out?" Asna asked.

"I don't see another way." Felix nodded, "Unlike Olivia, Lady Yggdrasil could create hundreds to even thousands of seeds of life and control them from a distance through a consciousness link. This means it's possible to accelerate the process by hundreds of times if she hands out the seeds of life to us and we plant them on the most affected planets."

"Olivia already did the dirty irritating work of finding the perfect balance, if she shared it with Lady Yggdrasil, she wouldn't really be putting much effort into the demonization reversal." 

"It's feasible, but will Lady Yggdrasil help out?" Asna shook her head, "She might be kinder than most primogenitors, but she wasn't known for being charitable either."

Ever since the war started, the primogenitors merely sat in the shadows and spectated the whole thing without lifting a finger.

Even when some races were on the verge of extinction, they still kept to themselves.

It was expected...The primogenitors take the pact of staying out of mortal matters quite seriously.

Since even Fenrir wasn't capable of handling Lucifer, none of them felt the need to get themselves involved in this...At least, not until the universe itself gets endangered.

Lady Yggdrasil had also kept to herself and didn't bother helping out the demonized elves on the eighth and ninth elvish realms since they were situated the furthest from her body.

The remaining realms were protected by her immense life force that transform into pure energy the moment it sensed evil energy in the vicinity, but the remaining two weren't so lucky.

Selphie was situated in that ninth realm for the past six decades and tried her best to lead the resistance to save everyone.

The eighth realm didn't have it as bad as the ninth realm since the latter was packed with half-blood/Mixed breed elves and other races, making them not prioritized by the elvish armies.

If Lady Yggdrasil even ignored the woes of citizens in her own body, one could only imagine her response when Felix request thousands of constant seeds of life.

"The only way to move a primogenitor is through a favor or a trade." Felix smirked faintly, "I just need to make an offer that she finds irresistible, and I think I know what it is."