Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Sometime later...

Felix was back in Lady Yggdrasil's personal garden inside the UVR.

It was a serene oasis, shimmering under a celestial light, a living testament to her divine connection with nature. Enigmatic, ancient trees towered above, their branches whispering age-old secrets.

Vibrant, mystic flowers bloomed in abundance, their enchanting scents permeating the air with a celestial sweetness.

At the garden's heart stood the grand Yggdrasil tree, the lifeblood of her domain, its mighty branches reaching out as if to embrace the cosmos.

Each element of the garden seemed infused with Lady Yggdrasil's energy, creating a sacred sanctuary that was as timeless as she.

Felix walked with Selphie at his side toward the center tree. She was the one setting up the meeting with her mother and she wanted to accompany him.

Felix found no reason to reject her since she could help him sway Lady Yggdrasil's decision in their favor.

When they arrived, they noticed that Lady Yggdrasil was sitting under the tree with a cup of tea in one hand and a book in the other.

The same picture that was stuck in Felix's mind after his last meeting with her.

"Elder, I am here to ask for a favor." Felix went straight to the subject as he requested with his head lowered respectfully.

"Favor? I hope you don't think that you can ask for free favors from primogenitors now that you have become a deity." Lady Yggdrasil chuckled softly.

"I wouldn't dare." Felix shook his head.

He understood that asking for favors from primogenitors was a serious matter and all of them avoid having to resort to it at all costs since returning those favors was a must.

In other words, if Felix asked for a favor, then he should expect that Lady Yggdrasil would ask him for one later on and regardless of its content, he had to try his best to make it happen.

No one would want to have such a sword hanging down their necks.

"Speak up, then." Lady Yggdrasil smiled, "If it's a small one, I can do it free of charge for taking care of my daughter in the Elementals Galaxy."

"First, she took care of me and I would forever be indebted to her." Felix smiled as he gazed at Selphie's shy demeanor. Then, he added with a serious tone, "Secondly, it's not a small one. I am hoping that you can lend us your help to accelerate the demonization process and save as many citizens as possible." 

"I see...That's indeed not a small favor." Lady Yggdrasil closed her book gently and said, "You know that you are asking me to break the pact and interfere in matters unrelated to primogenitors."

"But mom..." Selphie wanted to help.

"I am not finished." Lady Yggdrasil raised her finger and continued on calmly, "You are the ones who decided to invade the demons' territories for the sake of riches and territories. If you were just content with your situation, none of this would have happened."Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Neither Felix nor Selphie was able to retort.

While Selphie had nothing to do with the decision, Felix was the one announcing that his first order as the Grand Supreme was to conquer the other side.

No one pushed him to do it.

Now that the situation had developed to this state, it wasn't honest of him to come seeking help from primogenitors to fix his own mess.

"If that deity demon was still running rampant and threatening our stability, we would have stopped him without any of you finding out." Lady Yggdrasil said, "You have taken care of him, and applaud you for that. However, the aftermath of the war isn't really our problem to solve."

In other words, all the demonized citizens could go to flames and none of them would bat an eye.

As primogenitors who lived through multiple eras, tens of billions of deaths were nothing to them as they knew that more would be born in the future.

This massacre would serve as a lesson to the alliance to never antagonize a race without proper research.

"I am not trying to avoid responsibility and I know that I have played a big part in how the situation developed," Felix responded with a bitter smile. "But, I refuse to leave it to end like this when I know that there is something to be done."

"So, if a favor won't do, then how about a deal?"

"A deal?" Lady Yggdrasil was intrigued. "Is it coming from you or your masters?"

"Me and me alone."

Felix replied, understanding that she implied his inability to offer anything that could be considered worth having her break the pact and get her hands dirty.

"My interest is piqued." Lady Yggdrasil smiled.

'You really have something to offer?'

Even Selphie was curious.

'I do.' Felix looked straight into Lady Yggdrasil's eyes and proposed, "I am willing to help you with analyzing the runic codex until its completion."

"..."

"..."

Both Lady Yggdrasil and Selphie shared a similar startled expression at his bold statement. Felix had expected such a reaction as he knew that his offer was more than questionable.

After all, even after billions of years, Lady Yggdrasil had yet to finish analyzing the entire book.

In fact, it was believed that she barely analyzed half of it and the remaining half was still filled with millions of all possible spells using all known elements!

Some were even confident that omnipotent spells weren't the end of the rope and that there were even more complex spells that could rival primogenitors' ultimate abilities!

Such a theory had some legit basis as it was known that runic spells were similar to elemental abilities in all departments but the medium used to achieve them.

This implied similar ultimate abilities could be extrapolated from the runic codex or even unknown ones if a worthy person was capable of doing it.

But, when even Lady Yggdrasil had failed to create new spells above omnipotent grade, no one thought there could be another one capable of doing it.

Even Selphie with her monstrous talent would end up facing a massive wall if she dared to create the impossible.

"I understand that saying this makes me seem way out of my head." Felix shared with a serious tone, "But, I am confident in my ability to help."

"I will entertain you." Lady Yggdrasil chuckled and asked, "How will you help?"

"With those two."

Felix pointed at his eyes as he activated his wisdom eyes and turned them completely black.

"Wisdom eyes." Lady Yggdrasil commentated.

"Yes." Felix spoke with a confident tone, "Lord Shiva has helped me master them and I have utilized their best capabilities in my space/time spells. In a short period, I have mastered four lesser time spells, and the only reason I didn't commit to all of them is due to having other strengths that needed focus."

"Also, because I knew that there are barely less than fifteen-time spells and there is no rush to master them all."

"How is this any different than what my daughter is doing?" Lady Yggdrasil shook her head, "Wisdom eyes are amazing alright, but they did nothing but bridge the gap between you and Selphie. If your comprehension was already on Selphie's level, then having those wisdom eyes will be the same as giving wings to a tiger. Then, I would have actually considered the proposal and helped you with this eternal goal of mine...Alas."

Lady Yggdrasil wasn't trying to put Felix down and he knew it. Wisdom's eyes were an amplifying tool.

In Felix's case, his comprehension of the runes was absolutely dog sh*t in the first place.

With their assistance, he managed to get around the complexity of lesser time spells by simplifying them for him.

However, if he tried to use them for greater or even omnipotent time spells, even the simplified version would be too complex for him and it would take him a long while to master them.

On the other hand, if Selphie possessed wisdom eyes, omnipotent spells would seem like lesser spells!!

A genius being given a supercomputer at his disposal wouldn't provide the same results as being in the hands of someone else.

Felix had no problems admitting to this and his original plan was leading to this point.

"Then, how about this." Felix smiled, "I will offer Selphie my help to obtain the wisdom eyes and she can focus on analyzing the runic codex."

"Huh?" Selphie was shocked.

"Now, it's getting interesting." Lady Yggdrasil narrowed her eyes at him, "How are you planning to do that?"

"I can't help her possess the real thing, but I can make sure to bend reality to make it seem like she possesses it with the help of Ilusion Domain." Felix smirked faintly.