Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The moment Lady Yggdrasil heard this, she couldn't help but show a content smile.

"I am familiar with the illusion domain's true potency and if you really unlocked the ability, then I can see this deal going through."Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"I have yet to unlock it, but I am 100% certain I will do so when I reach 99% in my integration." Felix assured.

Although Felix knew that Lord Loki might possess an ultimate ability plus an elemental domain, he was certain that the domain would be picked.

It was because the last unlocked ability always targeted the most remarkable ability of the bloodline owner, and ultimate abilities had nothing against elemental domains in this department.

Lady Yggdrasil took a few moments to look at Selphie and asked, "Are you willing to take this mission? Creating new spells from the runic codex is already immensely difficult, attempting to analyze it to completion is no easy task and it might take you a lifetime and still not achieve it."

Lady Yggdrasil wanted Selphie to learn and master time spells and become the greatest spellcaster of all time, but she never thought of placing her dream and goal on her shoulder.

"As long as you help me Mother, I believe we can do it together." Selphie smiled, her eyes glowing with a new purpose.

"I will be there every step of the way." Lady Yggdrasil smiled back.

"Then, I guess we have a deal?" Felix inquired.

Lady Yggdrasil nodded before asking, "I believe you want to plant multiple seeds of life across the corrupted planets and make me reverse the demonization, correct?"

It wasn't hard for Lady Yggdrasil to figure out Felix's plan the moment he shared his request.

"Exactly." Felix didn't beat around the bush, "There are more than seven hundred billion demonized citizens across the entire alliance's territory. This is the known number and it might even have crossed one trillion if we counted the isolated civilizations. I hope you can share with us as many seeds of life as you can manage and help us fight through this."

"Hmmm, alright then." Lady Yggdrasil agreed without any more questions.

"Much appreciated." Felix bowed deeply in gratitude.

Although he had traded his time for this, in reality, he would have helped Selphie in analyzing the runic codex anyways since it was beneficial to him as well.

After all, the more time spells she created, the more he would add to his arsenal...He had no time to invest in analyzing the runic codex when he had many other problems to cover.

So, he wasn't really losing anything from this deal.

....

After the deal was concluded, Felix shared the news with the inner circle leaders and worked with them to create a new powerful division responsible for the delivery of the seeds of life and overseeing the process.

Obviously, Felix had gotten credit for this from the leaders as everyone was more than pleased to learn that he had convinced a primogenitor to involve themselves in their mess.

But Felix didn't give a sh*t about such a needless ego boost and made everyone work the extra mile to conclude the creation of this division and start with the universal wide demonization reversal.

With him putting his foot on this, no one tried to play politics and attempt to steal as many seeds of life as possible to prioritize their own territories.

Felix made it clear that the oldest invaded planets would be prioritized since the citizens there were on the verge of sucking their planets dry from purities and being left with no rationality intact.

With all preparation set and Lady Yggdrasil delivering her promise and handing out hundreds of seeds of life to the responsible division, the project was fully commenced in less than a week.

In the throbbing heart of the vast, star-speckled cosmos, the SGAlliance's fleets surged forward like a surge of silvery fish cutting through the ocean's abyss.

Each ship was a glistening titan, its streamlined hull gleaming in the harsh, white starlight, wings outspread in a show of might and solidarity.

Each world they approached was a harrowing sight to behold. Once vibrant and teeming with life, the planets now writhed under an eerie, baleful aura.

Their surfaces were twisted and distorted, marred by the unnatural horrors that had turned their own citizens into creatures of unimaginable torment.

The faces of once-kind neighbors, friends, and family were now marred with demonic snarls, twisted by the raw agony of their transformation.

But now there was a beacon of hope.

Once the seeds were planted in said planets, under Lady Yggdrasil's remote control, the seeds began to sprout, erupting from the ground like shimmering pillars of verdant green.

Slowly but surely, the mighty World Trees rose, spreading their enormous canopies across the corrupted landscapes.

The sight of their growth was nothing short of a miracle, a testament to life's enduring perseverance against the most horrifying of odds.

From each tree, waves of pure, revitalizing energy pulsed, penetrating the bodies of the demonic citizens.

The energy did not harm them; rather, it gently and surely started the process of reversal, the trees working in tandem with Lady Yggdrasil to untwist the demonization that had corrupted these beings.

"As expected, Lady Yggdrasil is so much better at this than Olivia." Felix commentated as he watched the process of hundreds of world trees in his cockpit.

Olivia deserved a great amount of credit for figuring out the balance, but when it was given to Lady Yggdrasil, she didn't even need to put the demons into cocoons.

To make matters even better, Lady Yggdrasil allowed her trees to grow into an unfathomable size until half it was floating in the exosphere.

With roots spreading across the planet's underground world, she sucked the evil energy of it and released it into space while feeding them with much-needed life force to revitalize them.

So, she wasn't just reversing the demonization of the citizens, but also returning their homes to them as a bonus, something that even Olivia found hard to achieve!

When the news of this had gotten out, it was impossible to keep Lady Yggdrasil's identity hidden any longer as this was obliviously a work of a god.

In this universe, there was only one known goddess and it was the Goddess of Nature!

This time, not just the elves who prayed for her, but even other races across the entire universe.

The inner circle leaders' knew that the primogenitors wanted to keep their existence hidden, so no one came forward and confirmed that this was the doing of Lady Yggdrasil, but at the same time, they didn't deny it.

There was simply no other explanation, and the public wasn't stupid to not see through such an obvious lie.

And so, under Lady Yggdrasil's careful supervision and the public's morals on the rise, the SGAlliance's fleets continued their noble mission across their territory, planet by planet, turning the tide against the demonic plague.

As they traveled, the once-tormented worlds behind them slowly returned to their natural state, their surfaces flourishing with verdant life and their citizens restored, standing as living testimonies to the resilience of life and the indefatigable spirit of the SGAlliance!

In less than a year, the entire SGAlliance's territories were cleared out of more than 90% of demons and the numbers were still on the rise.

The smart demons like the princes had already picked whatever spaceship before them and took off towards the other side of the universe, returning to their original homes.

They knew that as long as they remained in the SGAlliance's territory, it would get worse and worse for them.

After all, they had no protection from the princes and their demon king was gone for good.

The fact that they need purities to survive made them incapable of staying in outer space for too long, which would result in them getting hunted down the moment a piece of information gets released about them.

With this max exodus of the demon race back to their territories, the SGAlliance did nothing to stop them and kept on prioritizing their own citizens first.

This was under Felix's orders as he understood that those demons might run but they had nowhere to hide.

When he was done with healing his home, he would pay them a visit again.

This time, he would go there personally and make sure that not a single demon would exist in this universe ever again!

...

"Besides a couple of demons on the run and causing trouble and some planets being too ruined to be fixed, it's safe to say that the alliance is on track to be back to normal again." Asna wondered with a lazy tone as she had her head placed on Felix's lap. "What's your next move now? Are you going after the darkins right away?"

"Not yet." Felix shook his head, "They must have heard about me and they are planning to either ambush or assault me the instant I enter the other side. I have to be fully prepared to take at least one of them down in our first contact since if I exposed all of my cards and failed in doing so, it will get much harder to slay them later on."

"I see...So, who are you planning to target of them?"

"You know the answer." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he envisioned The Blood Primogenitor, Manananggal blowing his home and killing everyone in it...

His hatred of Saurous and Wendigo was at its limit, but his heart had a different place for the one who pulled the trigger.

Whether Manananggal possessed true immortality or not, Felix was going to show him that his greatest gift would be his downfall before him!

"It's finally time to hunt down those f*ckers and get our revenge." Asna grinned sadistically.

"It sure is...It sure is." Felix smirked coldly as he caressed her cheek in a gentle manner, completely opposite to his murderous aura.