

A few months later...

Felix could be seen sitting on a small puddle of sweat in a meditation position with Nimo fooling around beside him.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"99% at last." He exhaled deeply as he opened his closed eyes and stared at the faraway ceiling of his spaceship.

"Now, you have finally reached the end of your bloodline path." Asna commentated.

"I don't know if I am going to miss this or not, but I am somewhat relieved it ended after everything that happened in this wild journey." Felix showed a tiny smile.

For everyone else, their bloodline path ended in a couple of years at best due to not having many benefits of waiting things out.

Felix took more than six thousand years to finally hit the limit in his bloodline path, and everyone else must already assume that he had become an origin bloodliner.

"You can reminisce later, there is someone wanting to meet you." Thor shared with an irritated voice.

"On my way." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he entered the consciousness space, knowing that Lord Loki's wisp had been awakened.

...

"It's a pleasure to finally meet my superstar."

Lord Loki appeared with a new appearance of a male elderly human with a gray beard and receding hairline, resembling any average geezer.

He stretched his arms widely as he had a big grin on his face. He walked towards Felix, seemingly attempting to give him a hug.

Alas, Felix's masters got in front of him and gave him a cold stare. "You are not welcome here."

Although Felix was using his bloodline, neither he nor his masters had any interest in entertaining Lord Loki's shenanigans.

His masters knew that he was untrustworthy and would do anything for the sake of his entertainment.

The proof was handing Felix's blood to his enemies just to watch them collide.

"Come on, I thought we buried the hatchet with our deal." Lord Loki acted upset.

"Whether we buried it or not, that's not for you to decide. Now, please leave while we are still asking nicely." Thor said indifferently.

Lord Loki ignored Thor and looked at the other tenants with a pitiful look, seemingly asking for their help.

Alas, the closest one to him was Lord Shiva and he didn't even bother to glance in his direction or admit his existence...He merely kept sunbathing peacefully.

"Fine, I will pay the fees to be admitted to the party." Lord Loki dropped his sulky attitude and offered, "If you let me stay, I will help you get better with illusion manipulation."

Felix raised an eyebrow in delight for a moment before returning to his stoic expression.

'What do you think, masters? Can he be trusted?' He discussed it with his masters.

'Trusted? He can't be trusted to watch a rock.' Thor sneered, 'But, his offer does seem too good to pass on.'

'I suggest we agree to his condition.' Jörmungandr nodded, 'With the UVR being involved if he wants to cause Felix trouble, he can easily do it anytime he wanted whether he is around us or not. At least now, we can watch over him.'

'That's true.' Thor agreed.

The most important thing was having Lord Loki as Felix's teacher would help him along the way in his illusion mastery.

If Felix didn't receive help from the previous owners of the manipulations, he wouldn't have mastered a single advanced ability even in millions of years!

It was expected since it would be the same as creating the advanced ability from scratch instead of being led along the way by the creator.

'We can get more than this.' Lady Sphinx said, 'Let me handle this.'

After hearing this, they remained silent and let Mama Sphinx take care of Lord Loki.

"Teaching him abilities is a good offer, but it's not enough to join the club."

Before Lord Loki could voice his displeasure, Lady Sphinx added, "If you want to truly be part of our faction, then you have to help us with the Darkins. This means giving us their locations constantly and their plans through spying on them in the UVR."

Felix and the tenants didn't expect Lady Sphinx to be this brutal and ask for Lord Loki to be their spy for the sake of hanging out with them.

He clearly was interested in playing cards, chess, and just enjoying his time in the company of his peers.

To make him go against the council's pact by spying on actual primogenitors was too much of a risk and they thought that he would reject it immediately.

Alas...This was Lord Loki.

"Consider it done!" Lord Loki sold out the Darkins with a wide sleazy smile faster than the tenants could take a breather.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Felix and the others didn't know whether to feel appreciative of his honesty or more worried about how easy it was for him to break such a sacred pact and give up on his peers, not giving a sh*t about his neutrality.

"I don't know why I expected for you to have a bit of honor in your word." Lady Sphinx sighed exasperatedly.

"My word goes to the highest bidder and at this moment, I feel like I get more value out of being part of your faction." Lord Loki replied casually.

Value in this context was nothing more than entertainment, which implied that as long as Felix and his people eased his boredom, he would always stand by their side.

If not, he had no problems with throwing his toys and picking new ones.

That's how Lord Loki operate and even though the primogenitors already knew about this, it never ceased to amaze them to see him staying true to his nature in the real world.

Especially, when he was considered as one of the five elemental lords with the highest level of authority in the universe below only the unigins.

'If he can throw away the darkins with a snap of a finger like that after helping them, then he will most definitely do the same to us in the future.' Asna said with a tone of discomfort.

'It's alright, at least we know that it's coming.' Felix smirked, 'I am more comfortable with this than having no clue where and when the hit would come.'

In Felix's eyes, it was only betrayal if he had no clue about it...If someone was going to betray him and he knew about it, yet, he did nothing to protect himself, it was on him.

"How about you consummate your entry with some good Intel?" Lady Sphinx requested.

"Sure thing." Lord Loki chuckled, his eyes displaying not an ounce of remorse. "The darkins have planned to assassinate your boy from a distance the moment he steps foot in their side of the universe."

"I guess we were right." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly.

He already anticipated as much, but now that it was confirmed, he understood that he needed to prepare as much as possible for the upcoming fight.

"Give us more details." Thor asked.

"I don't know more details at the moment." Lord Loki shrugged his shoulders, "You know I can't invade their minds without them finding out and most of their important discussion is held telepathically."

While the darkins had no clue that Lord Loki had joined Felix's side since he didn't expose any relation he had with him in public, this didn't mean that they would be foolish enough to put everything under his eyes.

All primogenitors knew that Lord Loki was too much of a weasel to not spy on them to ease his boredom and they didn't have much issue with this as long as he kept the information to himself.

"I see, well still, keep your eyes on them in case they shared something critical." Thor requested.

"Will do, will do, so now, what were you guys playing?"

A bit eager, Lord Loki asked as he rubbed his hands akin to a scammy merchant while staring at the circular table and the cards on it.

"Poker, interested?" Thor grinned from ear to ear.