Chapter 1351  The Dangers of Illusion Domain.

Seeing how stoked Lord Loki was about playing poker with his peers, Felix didn't bother him with his newly unlocked ultimate ability, Illusion Domain.

He exited the consciousness space and went to the training hall in his spaceship, which was as massive as twenty European football stadiums combined.

He used it before as a camping area for the refugees after the rooms were filled to the brim, but after the demons' defeat and the battles becoming fewer and fewer, he sent those refugees back to their homes.

"Let's see, the illusion domain is capable of bringing into light whatever I desire with more than 99.999999% realism." Felix rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

He wasn't really thoughtful about the realism part as he already knew that the UVR couldn't possibly possess 100% realism since it would make it no different than reality.

Though, everyone else thought the opposite since Queen Ai herself kept saying it possessed 100% realism for anyone binding their consciousness with her.

Since no one really cared about this, they went along with it and the UVR was known to have 100% realism. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

With the addition of information about the UVR's reality, Felix understood that the remaining 0.000001% was what separated illusion from reality.

"Will my illusion immunity interfere if I tried to use the domain to cheat my way through my training?" Felix questioned himself.

"Well, your illusion immunity allows you to differentiate between illusion and reality instead of canceling any illusion before you, so it might work?" Asna shared her opinion.

"Let's hope so."

Just as Felix wanted to cast an illusion domain with a time difference of a hundred to one like in the Elementals Galaxy, he was stopped by Lord Loki.

'Don't bother wasting your time, it won't work.' He expressed while most of his focus was on the poker table in front of him.

"Why so?" Felix knitted his eyebrows.

"Illusion Domain is as close to reality as it is, but anyone capable of seeing through its illusion won't be affected by anything happening...Ahaa! I got a full house!" Lord Loki cut his explanation midpoint as he exposed his cards and showed the tenants two queens.

"That's a good hand, but don't get too excited." Thor smirked as he exposed his cards, causing Lord Loki's smile to evaporate from his face.

"Royal flush...How?!" Lord Loki's eyelids twitched as he watched all of his chips getting taken by Thor after losing an all-in bet.

"First rule here, is never go all in right from the start as there is always another one with better cards than you." Thor chuckled, enjoying the spoils of the war.

While Thor didn't explicitly say it, he made it clear that cheating was allowed as long as you could get away with it in front of their piercing eyes.

"Now, get lost and help him with your ability."

With no chips at hand and the table was still filled with players, Lord Loki was kicked out of the table.

"Cheating pricks, this isn't over." Lord Loki cursed under his breath, but the thoughts in his mind were completely different, 'It won't be fun to destroy them from the start.'

For now, he placed his focus on Felix and continued on from where he left off.

"As I was saying, seeing through the illusion makes it obsolete, whether it was a normal ability or even an elemental domain." Lord Loki clarified, "Fortunately in our case, there are only three people in the whole universe capable of seeing through my domain, without mentioning the unigins."

"Me, you, and my master." Felix stated.

Lord Loki nodded. "While you can see and interact with the illusion domain just like with the UVR, your body can't be affected by something as significant as changing time difference or such."

"I see..."

Felix understood that illusion immunity was his greatest asset against illusion but at the same time his limitation.

While even primogenitors could sleep for tens of billions of years until their mental health was mostly healed from exhaustion in the illusion world, the same couldn't apply to him.

Felix had honestly expected something like this to happen, but he really didn't want to accept it.

Alas, now that it was confirmed, he could only roll with it.

"How about creating an illusionary wisdom eye and bestowing it upon someone else in the illusion domain?" Felix wanted a confirmation of his previous idea.

"It was doable if you managed to create an exact copy of the mutation, which means you need everything related to the eyes."

"You mean like DNA, structure, and such?"

"Yes." Lord Loki warned as he knew what he planned on doing, "Ilusion Domain is a double-edged sword when used on those without immunity. If you just used your imagination to create something and used it on someone else, his mind will perceive it as reality and will interact with it as such. This means you have to create the right conditions for everything to flow as smoothly as in the real world. Otherwise, you will be doing nothing but harming your people."

"That sounds complex." Felix frowned.

"It's supposed to be, illusion domain isn't just a mental fantasy world. If you want that, you can easily create one using another ability." Lord Loki stressed, "There are real stakes in using it and you better be careful."

"Will do, thanks for the heads-up." Felix nodded in appreciation.

This was the reason there was never a significant problem with the UVR even though it was a legit illusion domain and everyone inside of it was prone to drop dead with a mere snap of a finger from Lord Loki.

He had created a universe with similar laws to reality and made Queen Ai supervise it. For example, a person could die in most of UVR's cities and he would be revived again.

The person believed that he would be revived 100% since that was how it was supposed to work and no one could change the rules on a whim.

But in reality? If he died in the illusion domain and his mind believed itself to have died for real, then that would be his fate even if Queen Ai hadn't touched his consciousness!

After all, everyone assumed that they were inside a harmless virtual world and unless Queen Ai killed them, nothing bad could happen to them.

"Looks like I have to spend my time studying my wisdom eyes in all departments to make the perfect copy."

Felix wanted before to just bring Selphie inside the domain and fool her into believing that she possessed the wisdom eyes, but now, he postponed calling her until he ironed down the details.

"Elder, I still have one more question." Felix said with a serious tone.

"What?"

Felix took a second before voicing it. "Now that I possess the illusion domain, is it possible for me to bend the UVR to my desire?"

This question was in Felix's mind ever since he integrated with Lord Loki's bloodline.

It was a serious matter since it implied that he would possess similar control and authority as Lord Loki in the UVR!

"You can, but I advise you to use your own illusion domain in your matters." Lord Loki smiled, "I might have given you permission to use my bloodline and possess my elemental domain, but I never permitted you to mess with my world."

"I understand and I respect that." Felix promised with a solemn tone. "I won't do anything to the UVR."

Felix had no idea why Lord Loki was uptight about this, but he planned on respecting his boundaries.

While Lord Loki seemed like a pushover compared to other stern elemental lords, Felix wasn't foolish to push his buttons and make him switch his character.

'I hope he won't be an obstacle in my plan after getting my domain. It will really upset me to get rid of him after all the entertaining content I have gotten from him.'

While Lord Loki still had the same easy-going smile, his thoughts, on the other hand, were nothing but that...