Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1352  The Miraculous Benefits of Illusion Domain!

Oblivious to this, Felix stood at the heart of the empty training hall with eyes closed shut as though he was lost in a world entirely his own.

His hands moved in intricate, deliberate gestures, in sync with the rhythm of the wind.

Suddenly, the ground began to shimmer like a pool of water touched by a gentle breeze. A tremor swept across the barren earth as an unseen force began to reshape it.

Felix opened his eyes, and they shone with an otherworldly luminescence, his pupils reflecting a realm of endless possibilities.

His hands swept out, as though pushing against the very fabric of reality, and ripples of iridescent light spread out from him, rapidly enveloping the empty landscape!

This was his domain, the Illusion Domain, where the fabric of reality bent to his will and the laws of the physical world were but mere suggestions!

The desolation gave way to verdant greens as lush forests erupted from the barren ground, trees reaching for the azure sky with leafy arms.

Flowers bloomed, splattering the earth with their vibrant colors, and a river formed, snaking through the emerald wilderness.

Its water was crystal clear, sparkling under the sun, and babbling with a music so soft and sweet it could soothe the weariest of souls.

Then came the creatures, manifestations of Felix's will yet imbued with a life of their own. Majestic deer roamed the forests, birds sang harmonious melodies from the treetops, and fish danced in the river's gentle currents.

This was not merely a paradise, it was a living, breathing ecosystem, every creature and plant contributing to the harmonious balance.

Felix then raised his hands high, and small orbs of light broke off, sprinkling down like golden raindrops.

Where they touched, the essence of life began to spread. Fruit trees bore fruit, bushes sprouted berries, and the scent of fertile earth filled the air.

Felix, at the center of this paradise, watched everything unfold with a satisfied smile. He had created a haven, a paradise in the training hall, crafted not from bricks and mortar, but from his will, his element, and the deepest corners of his imagination.

"If the refugees still remained here, they would have been left absolutely awed." Asna mused, her eyes reflecting the paradise before her.

"As expected of an elemental domain...This feels like the work of a god." Candace commentated with a tone filled with reverence as she walked in the flower fields.

She plucked the ones she liked and brought them near her nose, enjoying their breathtaking fragrance.

Even a void succubus, known for having the best mental defense in the void nation, couldn't separate the illusion from the real.

This made her interact with the environment like it was the real deal, which meant she could bathe in rivers, climb mountains, and even farm vegetables and cook them on a bonfire to eat them.

This might be born from an illusion but its effect were as real as they could be! Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Eee Eeee!

Even Nimo was seen rolling around in the grass and climbing trees to hunt down birds in excitement.

Unigins were completely immune to illusions just like Asna, but Nimo wasn't able to see through it since he wasn't the awakened version.

"Is it possible to be affected by something we eat or drink?" Felix wondered to himself as he picked an apple and took a massive bite of it.

As he was chewing it, he could feel the juices and sweetness filling up his mouth, identical to the feeling he envisioned would happen if he ate a perfectly ripe apple.

"Are you talking about whether it settles your hunger and provides nutrition to your body in real life?" Asna questioned.

"Something like that." Felix nodded.

Lord Loki took it upon himself to settle his question. "Just like I explained with wisdom eyes, if it's related to you, the significant effects can't be accepted as reality. The aftermath of eating something is in this bracket. You can eat as much as you want and please your palates, but your body won't benefit from it in any shape or form."

"But, it's different for others?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, "Does that means I can create an illusionary natural treasure and feed it on another person and the supposed effects will be triggered in the real world?!"

"I will answer with this." Lord Loki smiled, "If the conditions are perfectly aligned with reality, then it becomes a reality."

"This..."

Even other tenants were taken aback by this explanation as the implications were just too shocking!

They already knew about the potency of the illusion domain, but none of them expected that it could reach this far!

For example, the wisdom eyes were supposed to alter only the eyes and the analytic power of the brain, which were two abstract effects.

But, to create an illusionary natural treasure, eat it, and actually obtain the same benefits from it as the real deal? That was nothing short but a miracle and one could say, alternating the laws of reality!

"Doesn't this means that the illusion domain is no different than the creation domain as long as the ones in it were affected by the illusions 100%?!" Candace sucked a deep cold breath in shock.

"Elemental Domains aren't considered the greatest abilities a primogenitor could create for no reason." Lord Loki stated causally, "We are touching upon laws and as you all know, laws are the construct of this universe, touching upon them, implies touching upon reality."

In other words, illusion laws were on the opposite side of the coin with reality laws.

If one could touch upon the illusion laws, it was the same as touching upon the reality laws.

This signified possessing the ability to manifest exact replicas of real objects and they would have the same qualities as long as the creator managed to create the conditions as well.

"For example, if I chose the rare fruit, Nectar of Life, which is renowned for its rejuvenating properties, capable of extending one's lifespan when consumed." Felix disclosed with an attentive expression, "I would need to have a detailed understanding of its taste, texture, smell, and even the energy it emits to recreate it through the illusion domain."

"More than that, you have to study, direct experience, or even do a psychic linkage with the person who consumed the fruit to understand how the fruit affects the body." Lord Loki stated, "Once you have this deep understanding, you can use the illusion domain to create the Nectar of Life's replica."

"In another sense, the real challenge lies in making the effects of the illusionary fruit interact with reality. The illusion isn't just an image or a sensation; it tricks reality itself. The process essentially convinces the consumer's body and spirit they have ingested the real Nectar of Life, triggering the same rejuvenating response." Thor interjected.

"Exactly." Lord Loki nodded.

"This is truly fascinating." Felix expressed with an amazed tone as he created the same nectar of life in his palm and scanned it all around.

Right now, he had created just the exterior and if someone ate it, it would do nothing but affect his senses. However, he understood that if he invested some of his time into studying it wholly, he could totally create a farm of said fruit and feed it to whoever he wanted.

In other words, he could literally sole-handily increase the longevity of billions of people by thousands of years if he wanted!!

"Longevity isn't out of interest for me at the moment, but if I managed to recreate similar eggs of dawn behemoths or such natural treasures capable of enhancing strength, mental defenses, etc, I can easily help my friends get much stronger."

Felix understood that Noah, Olivia, and even Selphie were limited in how much they could enhance their strength through conventional ways.

However, there were extremely natural treasures capable of boosting one's strength without caring about said limitations.

Unfortunately, either most of them went extinct or were impossible to rely on for reliability.

For example, even if one found those natural treasures, it might help them get stronger by ten thousand BF or more. But, it would be a one-time miracle, which was nothing on a bigger scale.

But, with the illusion domain involved, such miracles could be turned into normal occurrences!

"I don't know if it will be enough to help them reach a deity level if not ever, but it's better than nothing."

Although this gift wouldn't help out Felix, he wasn't selfish to keep it to himself when he could totally help his friends improve themselves.

"You are thinking too small." Asna shared with an eager tone, "You can create rare ingredients and materials for the rarest and hardest potions to make...Imagine the possibilities!"

Before Felix could react, Lady Sphinx interjected calmly, "Both of you are thinking too small. With illusion domain, you finally achieve one of your main goals."

"Hmm?"

Felix's ears perked up in intrigue.

"You can create an entire new cultivation system for your race and get them to climb the social ladder in the universe at last."

Lady Sphinx dropped a bombshell, leaving Felix and most of the tenants stunned!