Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1354  Sharing Natural Treasures Akin to Candy.

With Bodidi's assistance, Selphie and the rest had connected with Felix in less than a week.

1

The moment they met with him, he didn't bother to explain the situation to them to avoid making them overthink when consuming the natural treasures and other goodies he had prepared.

After all, they might not possess illusion immunity. However, it would be difficult for the brain to accept the notion of eating something illusionary and having a natural effect if one knew about it already.

The art of illusion was to stay unknown regardless of the situation.

Since even Selphie had no clue that natural treasures and such could be replicated through the illusion domain, there was no need to tell her to keep the information to herself.

"I have found those natural treasures that could be of great help for all of you to increase your physical strength." Felix shared as he beamed four boxes and placed them in front of his friends.

"Natural treasures?" Olivia asked with a strange look, "You don't want them? Can't you use them to increase your own strength?"

All of them knew about Felix's devourer system as they had spent thousands of years together and there was no point in hiding it from them anymore.

"I have hit a wall, and they will be wasted on me." Felix clarified casually as he opened the boxes for them, "Those natural treasures are capable of increasing physical strength quite significantly and they are appropriate for most races."

When the boxes opened up, none of them seemed to have heard the last sentence as their dazed eyes were left affixed on clusters of Fortiflora Cordyceps...Their mesmerizing colors illuminated the area with an otherworldly glow. Each of them took a moment to drink in sight, their faces reflecting the hypnotic colors of the plants.

The plants' true spectacle lies in their flowers, a dazzling array of bioluminescent hues. The floral orb consisted of an intricate pattern of lines, circles, and spirals, creating an almost hypnotic effect.

The flowers were closed shut at the moment, but Selphie knew that a small fruit the size and color of a blueberry was hidden inside.

"Wow," Bodidi finally broke the silence, his usually playful tone replaced with a touch of reverence. "They're beautiful."

Selphie was next to speak. She reached in, carefully picking up one of the flowers with a look of sheer disbelief, "It's... It's incredible. Felix, where did you get this many?? It's deemed impossible to even find one across the entire universe!"

Felix's eyelids twitched, already knowing that Selphie would be his greatest obstacle as he couldn't dupe the daughter of the nature goddess, one of the few people with the most knowledge about existing or extinct plants.

"Huh?! They are that rare?!" Olivia's eyes widened as she pulled her hand from the box, feeling uncomfortable touching such treasure.

"Rare? This is considered as one of the only triple SSS natural treasures in the universe and it has gone extinct way past the era of the dark ages."

1

Selphie identified with a tone filled with disbelief, still finding it hard to accept that she was in the presence of hundreds of such a godly treasure!

"This..."

Even the silent and stoic Noah, couldn't help but show emotions on his face at her statement.

"I don't want to hear anything about rejecting my gifts." Felix interjected before they could think too hard about this. "I can't consume them to increase my devourer's mark since it's too much of a waste and they can't be used in any known potion. So, take them and absorb them before they lose their beneficial properties."

"But..."

"I don't want to hear any buts." Felix said with a solemn tone as he walked away, "When I get back, I expect to see at least half the box empty. Selphie will guide you with the procedures to digest them correctly."

Without turning his head even once, Felix walked swiftly outside of the training hall and closed the door behind him, leaving them staring at his back with mixed emotions.

If only they knew that those natural treasures were made out of illusion and it had cost him nothing more than a couple of months of study, their reaction might have been a bit different.

"You heard the boss, let's get digging!" Bodidi was the first one to pick up the flower using telekinesis and placed it near his tiny mouth.

"That's not how you eat it."

Selphie paused the time around him and took the flower in a careful manner. Then, she explained with a fascinated expression, "Each flower possesses a fruit inside of it, the correct way to bring out most of the benefits from this treasure, is to eat the fruit whole and then within each ten seconds interval, eat a single petal continuously until you finish all of them."

"If you did it in this manner, your physical strength will be enhanced significantly depending on your current physical limitation." Selphie shared, "The highest known enhancement though was fifty thousand BF."

The moment Noah heard this, his eyes lit up at the opportunity, believing that he could at least increase his strength by one hundred thousand BF if he consumed all of those treasures.

'You are underestimating your body limitation too much.' Fenrir shut down his dreams, 'Even if you ate the whole four boxes, you should feel grateful if your strength was enhanced by fifty thousand BF.'

'I see...' This did put a damper on Noah's mood, but he was still thrilled with the opportunity.

He knew that the higher he got, the more difficult it would be for him to find such chances and for those treasures to make any difference.

Meanwhile, the same didn't apply to Selphie, Bodidi, and Olivia!

All of them could get the most benefits from the flowers until their bodies become immune to them.

Without further ado, all of them sat down in a circle and began eating them using Selphie's method.

"Is this really a gift or a curse..." Felix clicked his tongue, somewhat envious of his friends' ability to get the best of out his illusion domain.

"Well, this is a fraction of what it takes to reach your level, so let them eat in peace." Asna mused.

"I know." Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Felix might be a bit jealous of not being able to benefit from his illusion domain in the same manner as them, but he wouldn't trade it to be in their position.

It was like trading a position of a god for the sake of being a worshipper to enjoy his blessing. Having the illusion domain allowed him to do more than this.

...

A couple of days later...

Felix returned to the training hall and found out that his friends were all sitting in meditation positions while surrounded by an eerie green aura.

He didn't react much, knowing that it was the last step of finalizing each flower's absorption.

Felix had supervised the entire process to save them in case any inconsistency had occurred during the digestion since he had to study the process for all three different races.

Thankfully, nothing of such happened and all of them were on the verge of completing the entire chests.

"This is quite evolutionary..." Candace noted, "Besides Noah obtaining merely twenty thousand BF increase, and Olivia forty thousand BF, the rest had almost touched the one hundred thousand BF ceiling."

"It's quite expected, both elves' and space worms' physical properties aren't that great, which gave them too much room for improvement." Felix nodded.

"Well, think of the possibilities if you put tens of billions of humans with similar disadvantages and feed them with such treasures." Candace expressed, "You will be helping even the current generations get a solid footing on their own within the alliance!"

Felix's experiment was meant to help the entire human race in the far future by changing their evolutionary path.

This was all good and well, but the humans in this era would still be considered bottom feeders unless Felix decided to intervene and change the rules of the alliance.

Felix would prefer if his race was capable of standing on its own without using him as a crutch for the remainder of his life...After all, he had other important matters to handle and he couldn't always babysit the human race, no matter how much he cared for them.

"Well, helping a small portion to get stronger and assist the entire race to carry its weight in the alliance isn't a bad thing."

Felix approved the plan, knowing that it would finally give him some peace of mind from his race direction and it would cost him nothing much.

"I suggest you do this after handling the darkins." Thor warned, "They aren't idiots, and if they found out about humans getting stupidly strong out of nowhere, they will link it with you."

"Whether they could guess what you did or not, they will be extra wary."

 "I know." Felix nodded before adding, "Speaking about them, I think it's about time we have a trial run."

"You will use illusion domain to create their clones?" Asna wondered.tur

"Yes, and this time, they will have 100% of their strength and all of their abilities in their arsenal...Even ultimate abilities." Felix cracked his knuckles with an icy smile.