Chapter 1355  Undesireable, But Expected Results.

Felix hadn't spent the past year messing about with his illusion domain for nothing.

He was preparing for this moment, where he would be able to create high-quality illusionary copies of his adversities!

The darkins' clones might not be 100% copies of the real deal, but it was going to be pretty close with all the data in his possession. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

After all, the Asgardians had fought against them for eons and they were the only ones knowing their fighting style and abilities as good as them.

Felix had no plans of fighting the darkins without having a true taste of their powers first.

"Is it not better to do this in the UVR? With Lord Loki on our side, he can create better copies without complaints." Asna suggested.

If Lord Loki wasn't on their side and he had authority over Queen Ai, there was no way Felix could do this without the darkins' permission.

"I know, but I want to do it on my own." Felix shook his head, "The more I use illusion domain for such complex problems, the better my control gets...Plus, the fight will occur in the real universe, and doing it in a virtual space won't cut it."

While both illusion domains were similar, Felix would always know deep down that he was in the UVR and not the real world.

He wanted the trial run to mimic the real battle as much as possible to give him accurate data.

...

Knowing that his friends still needed to absorb a couple more flowers to finish the chests, Felix teleported into outer space without his spacesuit on.

The moment he became a deity, he didn't need a constant supply of oxygen to keep himself alive as his body became capable of using any kind of energy to replace the same properties of oxygen.

The oxygen's task was quite simple as it helped the cells with the ability to break down food in order to get the energy needed to survive...As long as this task was fulfilled, it didn't matter what source it came from.

In other words, after becoming a deity, the infinite neutral energy in outer space became the new oxygen for his body!

'This should be enough.' Felix commentated after putting a decent distance between him and the Eternal Nautilus.

Then, he waved his hand and the invisible illusion domain expanded until it covered tens of thousands of kilometers in the blink of an eye.

"Who are you starting with?"

"Wendigo."

"Interesting, starting with the hardest one?" Asna raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"I will conclude the trial with all three of them against me, so the order doesn't matter." Felix said calmly, "I have to prepare for all possible scenarios."

Although Felix knew that Lady Sphinx and Fenrir would be backing him up, it was best to be safe than sorry.

Without further ado, Felix focused on manifesting the perfect version of Wendigo, using the provided data.

Even the consciousness created was identical to Wendigo in terms of prowess, intelligence, and personality!

The only difference was memories as Felix couldn't copy something he had no clue about. Though, to give the illusion clone a perfect motivation to kill Felix, he infested his mind with all the sh*t that happened between them, which was enough to fill his heart with hatred.

When Felix was done and Wendigo opened his eyes, he seemed like he was rearing to rip Felix's face off!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix retracted his control and watched Wendigo's silhouette that mirrored the infinite obsidian canvas of space make the first move!

Utilizing the Dark Shroud, he enveloped himself in an aura of shadow that blended seamlessly into the space around him, making his figure almost imperceptible!

"I got just the thing for that."

Unfazed, Felix used his Illusion ability to cast a spectrum of light in every direction. The illuminating mirage rippled through the void, revealing fleeting glimpses of Wendigo's position!

Darkness opposite was light and Felix could manipulate the light and all almost elements with his own illusion domain!

Seizing the opportunity, Felix executed his Lightning ability, Thunder's God Ordinance, sending the most powerful bolt of pure plasma toward the Wendigo.

However, Wendigo seemed prepared.

Using his Shadow Warp ability, he manipulated the darkness to transport himself away from the incoming attack, reappearing behind Felix.

Just as he was about to unleash shadow chains and follow it up with a mental attack, Felix summoned concept destruction palms and did nothing but mark darkness element!

With two slaps, the darkness chains were erased and even Wendigo's existence was almost at risk if he didn't pull away to safety!

Realizing that he couldn't get close to Felix without endangering himself and that his darkness abilities were useless against those destruction palms, Wendigo went for his ultimate ability...Eclipse of Consciousness!

'He is using it.' Felix narrowed his eyes in focus as he watched Wendigo shroud the surroundings in impenetrable darkness, severing his connection with all sources of light, and plunging him into an abyss.

If it wasn't for the concept erasure palms protecting him, he would have plunged into it as well.

Still, he didn't feel safe at all as he knew that the real attack had yet to start!

The real attack, however, began in the mind.

Wendigo's cosmic skull appeared high and mighty with his devilish soulless eyes facing Felix.

Without doing anything, he just kept staring at Felix right in his eyes...Felix didn't close them and kept sharing eye contact with him, wanting to test out whether he would come out alive after experiencing it with his enhanced mental defenses.

Soon, Felix began to feel his inner darkness seeping into his mind.

Crack! Crack!...

Mind Fortress and Psychic Shield were blown out simultaneously the moment they attempted to stop this darkness invasion that was born out of him!

'It can't be, my mental barriers and shields aren't enough?!' Black lines appeared on Felix's forehead at the notion of losing the mental warfare!

After he integrated with Lord Loki's bloodline, he had great confidence in his mental defenses, especially when he unlocked the mind fortress passive.

Alas, Wendigo didn't use just any mental attack, but one of the only three mental ultimate attacks created by a primogenitor!

'Sh*t...I can't think straight anymore...'

Soon, darkness clouded his thoughts and impaired his cognitive functions. The attack further exacerbates feelings of despair, loneliness, and paranoia, fracturing the mental resilience of the victim!

Felix wanted to challenge the attack straightforwardly and test himself, and now he was paying the price!

The moment the darkness finished with his mind, it moved to the most sacred entity in the whole body, the Soul!

The soul barrier started to darken slowly but surely. While Felix's mind was in jumbles, he knew that the moment the darkness cover his entire soul barrier, it would be the moment when his soul wouldn't belong to him anymore!

This was Wendigo's most feared ultimate ability...Eclipse of Consciousness.

It was called such since the soul barrier was a sphere and resembled a star...When the consciousness barrier became completely black, it resembled a star under an eclipse.

'Pause.'

Just as the situation seemed to have gotten unfixable even for him, Felix called out in his mind, causing everything happening in the illusion domain to come to a standstill.

"Well, I don't think this is the result you anticipated." Asna mused.

"I really thought I could have blocked it." Felix sighed.

"I don't know what was your source of confidence." Thor shook his head, "You just became a deity and you think you can block an ultimate metal attack, something that even we feared and avoided at all cost?"

Wendigo's ultimate ability was powerful, but it could work only if there was prolonged eye contact with the target after activation.

The Asgardians always avoided this at all costs during their fights with the darkins even if it meant bailing out.

They knew that the moment it worked on them, they would be controlled akin to puppets by Wendigo!

"Dealing with Saurous and Manananggal will be quite straightforward for you, but I strongly suggest that you avoid Wendigo...At least, not until you become an origin bloodliner and receive the greatest powerup to your mental defenses." Jörmungandr advised.

"I understand." Felix nodded with a serious expression.

Although the results of the trial weren't satisfactory, Felix wasn't discouraged one bit.

In fact, his confidence was healthier than ever since he realized that the darkins only had Wendigo's ultimate ability to harm him.

As long as he avoided it, he was still more than capable of making them regret the day they antagonized him!

"Saurous, Next."