Chapter 1357  Only For The Worthy.

To get there even faster, Felix used both Bodidi and Candace's help.

1

This decreased the journey's period to less than a few hours even when they were billions of light years away from each other.

Whoosh!

After being given permission, Candace opened a void rift inside the forge and Felix exited it with a suppressed eager expression.

He tried his best to play it cool and stay composed, but it wasn't that easy.

Who could blame him? He would finally own a divine weapon and not just any one, but a masterpiece born out of the ashes of Moljin and made with the best materials known in the universe!

1

"Woah...Is this really a weapon?" Bodidi expressed with a dazed expression as he stared at the divine axe with his head lifted.

"It's not any weapon, it's the greatest weapon I have ever forged." Elder Cyclope appeared out of nowhere with a nude hairy upper chest, covered in sweat.

"Even better than Mjolnir?"

Thor manifested as a hologram with a defensive expression, seemingly offended that his precious weapon had lost the crown of the best-forged divine equipment.

All primogenitors possessed hundreds if not thousands of divine equipment, but only a couple had masterpieces like Mjolnir.

"Don't get upset with me here, I can tell you right now and here that this axe should possess a different grade entirely." Elder Cyclope noted with a tint of pride in his tone, "Because of your kid's unique prowess and seemingly limitless potential, I had taken the liberty to go all out like never before."

"If you really feel this way, then I have to say, I am anticipating the axe's prowess." Thor dropped his dissatisfaction, knowing that Elder Cyclope wasn't boastful.

If he proclaimed that the divine axe was this amazing, then it was bound to turn heads.

"Well, there is quite an issue." Elder Cyclope rubbed his bald scalp with a sheepish look.

"What issue?"

Felix's excitement and eagerness dried up immediately at the sound of this ominous statement.

"Because I went all out and didn't restrict the divine axe's prowess, not anyone can wield it to its fullest potential...Even worse, if you are deemed unworthy, your lifeforce will be used to power up each skill used that belongs to it."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Everyone was left staring at Elder Cyclope speechlessly, having no clue what to say back.

It was understandable to feel this way as Thor didn't sacrifice his criteria to be deemed worthy?"

partner just for the weapon to remain unusable...No need to mention Felix who went through hell to get his hands on those three materials.

Felix took a deep breath and asked. "Elder...May I know what are the criteria to be deemed worthy?"

"That's the thing, I have no clue." Elder Cyclope shrugged his shoulders.

Felix's eyelids twitched, but he kept his emotions under control, not daring to lash out. Fortunately, Thor wasn't as patient as him.

"Old geezer! What the hell is this?" Thor cursed, "What's the point of this weapon being powerful if there is no one to wield it?"

This was the rational reaction for anyone with a bit of intelligence.

Felix would have felt better to know at least the criteria of judgment, so he could work towards winning the divine axe's approval. But, when there were no criteria, this meant that he had to leave it to fate.

There was nothing worse than not being in complete control of his own weapon, especially, when he had to sacrifice his life force each time he used it.

"Take it or leave it, you know I have no refund policy." Elder Cyclope waved his hand casually, taking no responsibility for this problem.

"You better throw in some divine equipment from your vault as compensation!"

Knowing that there was nothing going to change this situation, Thor could only take advantage of it and earn Felix some more divine pieces of equipment.

"Keep dreaming."

Alas, Elder Cyclpe might be kind, but he wasn't easy to swindle.

"Tsk, cheapskate." Thor clicked his tongue.

"Master, what's done is done." Felix narrowed his eyes at the magnificent gigantic divine axe and uttered, "The only path forward is to make it recognize me as its master."

The divine axe's smooth silver metal head gleamed the moment Felix finished speaking, seemingly taunting him to give it his best.

"Is it just me or does it feel like it has a consciousness?" Candace tilted her head in confusion.

"It shouldn't...At least, not this soon." Thor shook his head. "This is called divine instinct and most divine equipments have them. It helps with communication with the equipment to activate its inscribed skills."

"It looks like this divine axe's instinct is a tad more demanding than the others."

"Does divine equipment awake their consciousness because of this instinct?" Felix inquired.

"It plays a tiny role in it, but in reality, consciousness awakening can happen only after long exposures with elemental energy and usage." Thor clarified, "My Mjolnir was merely a hundred million years away from having its own consciousness. This was possible only because I was using it in every fight."

"For now, you shouldn't bother yourself with this." Thor said, "If you don't find a way to make this weapon yours, you can forget about any of this."

"I will make it happen." Felix nodded with a serious expression.

Without delay, Felix increased his size until he was three times the divine axe's height. Then, he reached out with his right hand and caught it from the middle of the twisted shimmering milky white root.

The moment Felix made contact with the divine axe, it pulsed with a dormant, yet palpable energy, making him feel like he was holding into a slumbering nightmare, one that could awaken and unleash chaos at any moment.

Whoosh!

The divine inscriptions etched onto the axe, suddenly glimmered as they came into contact with his flesh, causing the entire divine axe to start lighting up akin to a Christmas tree.

"Ugh!"

A beautiful, hypnotic sight...If it wasn't for the fact Felix's life force was being sucked out of him against his will!

Felix could feel it vividly, a subtle leeching at first, like a thirst on a hot day.

The axe was drinking deeply from his lifeforce, each breath drawn from him lighting up another divine inscription on the weapon.

The axe head shimmered like a star-lit night sky, a spectacle that was both ethereal and terrifying.

"Leave it be, Felix!" Asna called out with a hint of worry at how fast Felix's life force was being devoured!

In just a few seconds, he had lost decades of his longevity and it didn't seem to be slowing anytime soon!

"I am trying, but the f*cker won't let go!" Felix cursed as he kept attempting to pull his hand from the divine axe.

Alas, it felt as if it was melded into the weapon's haft, unyielding and inseparable.

The draining persisted, his lifeforce being siphoned away with a cruel inevitability that stirred a wave of rising anger within him.

Felix's eyes blazed with defiance, knowing that he could never tame this monster if he cut off his hand or did anything else to escape from its leashing!

"ENOUGH!"

With a thundering furious shout, ripping from his throat, Felix drew back his free hand, fist clenched tight as granite, and swung at the axe's gleaming silver head!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

His fist collided with the divine metal with a deafening clang that echoed through the celestial forge!

The impact sent a shockwave pulsing out from the point of contact, a raw burst of energy that rippled across the room, shaking the very foundation of the celestial forge!

As hard as a mountain, Elder Cyclope stood through the shockwave while Candace and Bodidi swiftly escaped into different dimensions, knowing that their bodies would get blown out into shreds if they got touched by it!

After the shockwave passed by, the divine inscriptions flared brightly before settling back down, their lights dimming.

The gluing force on his hand went away and his life force was finally spared. Still, Felix didn't quickly retract his hand to safety.

Instead, he doubled down his clutch and brought the divine axe near his icy cold expression. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"I don't mind playing rough as well, so I dare you to keep pulling this sh*t in my presence." He uttered.

The divine axe didn't respond, making it seem like it had gotten tamed...But, Felix could feel that the divine axe was as defiant as him and he had merely proved himself to hold it!

Holding it was one thing and wielding it was another.

'This is really going to be a handful for you.' Asna chuckled.