Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1360  Imperfect Fix To an Unsolvable Problem.

"You should put a raincheck on that." Elder Cyclope said as he took the weapon from Felix. "I said it still needs some final touches before it's finished."

"Didn't those tests demonstrate its readiness?" Candace wondered.

"It's ready for fights, but it's not ready for it to be fully wielded by him." Elder Cyclope shared, addressing Felix.

"What do you mean?"

"The divine weapon is still vulnerable to destruction particles and since it's one of your main elements, it won't do you good to have a weapon that could be destroyed the moment it was touched by a destruction particle." Elder Cyclope explained.

Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

He already knew that there would be some inconvenience in using the weapon side by side with his destruction abilities, but he was prepared to make sure that both of them wouldn't touch each other.

Now, he was being told that there was an actual way to protect the weapon from it. He really found it somewhat unimaginable.

"How is it even possible to make an object immune to destruction element?" Candace asked what was on his mind.

"It's not."

Elder Cyclope left them baffled with his answer.

"So..."

"Let me finish." Elder Cyclope paused, "It might be impossible to make a material immune to destruction element, but it is more than doable to give it a peak resistance to destruction particles through a divine inscription."

Before they could ask about the difference, he continued on, "Peak resistance to destruction particles implied that any physical destruction ability will deal the least amount of damage to it. With the divine weapon's powerful self-repairing skill, the damage won't reach a breaking point."

"Though, this affects only physical destruction abilities. If you used concept destruction to mark its material or totality collapse on it, it will be erased as well."

"I might have gone all out to create the greatest divine weapon, but there are some realities in life that can't be changed." Elder Cyclope concluded with a deep sigh.

It was obvious that he really wanted to create an indestructible weapon capable of surviving totality collapse or even void domain, but no matter how good his craft was, he was still using materials subjected to the same laws and rules of the universe.

If even space/time collapsed before total destruction, there was no other material capable of surviving it...At least, not known.

Still, Felix didn't seem too upset about this.

While it might seem bad to have a weapon prone to destruction through void domain and totality collapse, he was already using an ingenious method to protect his items from those abilities.

He had used it before on his AP bracelet when he utilized totality collapse against Lucifer.

It was through the use of Lord Loki's mutation, shapeshifting!

He made small changes to his skin around the AP bracelet to include it inside, making it seem like it was melded with his skin!

Anything melded under Felix's skin receives the protection of his destruction immunity.

This meant that he could easily beam his CosmosBreaker into his spatial ring with the rest of his at-risk objects like the sun disk and then fuse it under his skin for protection.

So, if the CosmosBreaker ended up destroyed even after all of this, he had no one to blame but himself.

"This is already more than I ever asked for." Felix bowed his head in gratitude. "Much appreciated elder, you really are the greatest forger of all times."

"I did for myself more than I did it for you." Elder Cyclope said with a nostalgic look, "Just make sure to use it against the darkins, it sure will feel nice to see my divine pieces of equipment in action again."

"You don't have to worry about that." Felix smiled coldly, "I won't fight them without it."

...

Sometime later...

Candace and Bodidi had taken their leave while Felix decided to hang around inside Elder Cyclope's forge.

He was told that the final divine inscriptions would take Elder Cyclope a year or less to finish. Then, he would be free to test everything about the weapon and even take it with him if he was confident in Elder Cyclope's craft.

"Since we will be heading towards the seven demon realms after the divine weapon's completion, I suggest we meet with your student in the forge." Fenrir proposed to Lady Sphinx.

"I thought so as well." Lady Sphinx nodded.

"Master, since you are coming here, how about we carry on with the void immunity replacement?" Felix mentioned, "I think it's time we go for it."

"Are you sure?" Lady Sphinx asked for confirmation with a solemn tone. "Once your void immunity is gone, you will be introduced into a whole world of pain when affected with void energy."

"I can't pass on the void domain. It's a sacrifice worth taking." Felix confirmed it.

"Alright then."

The only reason Felix was willing to take such a risk was that he owned a void suit, which provided him with void immunity.

If he didn't possess it, he wouldn't dare go for it.

...

The next morning... Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Felix could be seen sitting on an uncomfortable metallic chair with an attentive expression. His mesmerizing artic blue eyes were affixed on Elder Cyclope.

Thud! Thud!...

The Elder's hand moved methodically, almost reverently, each motion precise and deliberate. Sparks of astral power source swirled from his fingers, weaving themselves into divine words, symbols of power that thrummed with the heartbeat of the universe itself.

They etched themselves onto the surface of the axe, each glyph a testament to cosmic authority.

The words, radiant and sacred, began to shine brighter each time he finished them.

Felix watched in awe-struck silence, the enormity of the moment not lost on him. He did not even dare to breathe out loud to not break Elder Cyclope's focus.

'The three celestial languages, It's so fascinating how they can shape the elemental energy, yet we can't even see them.' He said, his gaze lingering on the spectacle before him, tracing the movement of the Elder and the arcane inscription that came alive under his touch.

Felix was told that the universe was made out of three things...Atoms, Laws, and neutral energy.

While laws and atoms were somewhat the same as they signify the rules of the universe, the neutral power source was the unique aspect of the universe.

Its ability to become any elemental energy, which allowed one to recreate the same environments as with laws, made it seem like it was made for the creatures.

'I always feel like neutral energy existence does not add anything to the survivability of the universe.' Felix wondered, 'What's the point of giving birth to energy that doesn't add anything but chaos?'

Based on Felix's understanding, the universe never creates something unless it was a good reason.

In the case of neutral energy? The universe would be the same with or without it...After all, the only ones using it were the creations, and the universe did not seem to give a shit about the parasites on its body.

'What are you trying to say?' Candace played along with him.

'I do not know, I am just speaking my mind.' Felix dropped the subject as he was not too interested in conspiracy theories.

Unbeknownst to him, most of the tenants did not think of it as a conspiracy theory in the slightest...

'Do you think it's possible for me to get my hands on divine codex too?' Felix changed the subject by asking his masters. 'I already have universal and runic codex in me, it sure will be one of a kind to have all three simultaneously.'