Chapter 1361  The Cogs Are Turning at Last...

In the entire universe, no one possessed three celestial languages.

While Felix didn't really know how to make the best of divine language without investing a lot of his time in forgery, he felt that something unique was bound to happen if all three languages were in one body.

'There is a method, but it is doubtful if it will work.' Lady Sphinx shared.

'For real?' Felix was left stunned.

He didn't expect the answer to be positive in the slightest.

"Just like what we did with Runic seed, you can replace one of your remaining dormant kraken's hearts with a dwarven heart. With proper surgery, a portion of the divine codex will be written on your cells as well. But, it won't be as good as having the real thing."

"I see..." Felix nodded in understanding.

The difference was the same as having limited manipulation and perfect manipulation.

In the case of Noah, Olivia, and the others, they possessed a very limited portion of the universal codex in their DNA.

Meanwhile, Felix might not have the whole universal codex, but he did have the entire portion responsible for his elements.

To have the entire universal codex written on him meant that he needed to possess perfect manipulation of all elements, which was simply impossible.

Though, he did possess the entire runic codex on his system, which was the reason he was capable of using spells of all elements as long as he possessed runic familiarity with them.

In this issue, the same applied to the divine codex...Only this time, he would be considered as having access to a dwarf instead of Elder Cyclope.

'I will pass.' Felix waved his hand. 'If I am going to be wasting an entire heart, it should be on nothing other than the real divine codex.'

'That's a smart decision, those two remaining dormant hearts must not be wasted.' Asna supported.

Felix had seven hearts and the other five were his source of potential and future. If he wanted to keep his progress rolling, he must choose wisely on the next two hearts.

Though, the stronger he got, the fewer his choices would become...

***

One Year Later...

Felix, Lady Sphinx, Fenrir, Candace, and Bodidi had departed from the forge a few days ago after Felix was given the CosmosBreaker.

Elder Cyclope came through with his word and finished his last touches in a year. Felix had tested the new peak destruction resistance inscriptions and was pleasantly satisfied.

With a divine weapon at hand, two elemental domains, four ultimate abilities, and a deity level, Felix embarked on his journey toward the seven demon realms.

He found out that he could even channel destruction abilities through the axe and amplify their damages as long as he did not do it frequently before the axe's self-repair finished.

In addition, Lady Sphinx succeded in replacing his void immunity with void domain, finally returning one of his greatest abilities to its rightful place!

With a divine weapon at hand, two elemental domains, four ultimate abilities, and a deity level, Felix embarked on his journey toward the seven demon realms.

Obviously, he didn't do this without a plan in mind.

"The wormhole express has been opened! We await orders!" Commander Orion informed with a stern tone.

Commander Orion, the venerable centaur at the helm of the SGAlliance's troops, stood as a proud embodiment of seasoned might and wisdom. His upper body, distinctly humanoid, bears the weathered lines of countless battles, muscles honed by a lifetime in the line of duty.

He was chosen as the next in line to command the next round of the seven demon realms conquest after the honorable death of commander Nethrael.

"Go all in." Queen Alfreda permitted, her eyes colder than the summit of the tallest mountain.

What lay before her and the remaining inner circle leaders was a holographic screen, showing the horrors done to all the remaining races left in the seven demon realms.

When tens of millions of demons retreated at once back to their realms without leaders to keep them in leaches, they went full feasting mode on their farms...

The people who thought themselves to be untouched because of their importance to the demons' continuity, found out the harsh truth.

As much as the SGAlliance wanted to help them, their territories were all in jumbles and they had to pour all of their resources to recover them from the demons.

"It's time to end what we have started." Empress Scarlet commentated, her eyes as murderous as ever.

She was always carefree and gentle, not raising her voice even by an octave...But, after the demons threatened her hive's survivability, she was forced to activate her bloodthirsty mode.

"Where is King Maxwell? Is he going to sit this out because of the darkins?" Ruler Hogan inquired suddenly after seeing that Felix was nowhere to be seen even after an hour went by in the assembly.

"He isn't sitting anything out." Queen Allura shared calmly, "Just focus on our conquest."

"Alright..."

Now that Felix became a deity and was considered a primogenitor in the eyes of the mortals, even the inner circle leaders refused to antagonize him in any shape or form.

They literally wouldn't dare stand up against him as they knew that he could get them killed and not even their ancestors could save them.

This was the true meaning of becoming at the highest point of the food chain.

...

On the other side of the universe, deep within Tartarus' realm, the darkins were sitting in a circle inside a cozy house on a deserted planet.

"The troops have finally entered Tartarus realm, It's time." Wendigo said calmly while standing up.

His partners followed suit, their hardened expressions speaking volumes about the seriousness of their situation.

"We will have only one chance to assassinate him from a distance, whether we fail or succeed, we will retreat and try again on another time." Wendigo stated, not caring about how cowardly their plan sounded.

It was understandable as in their eyes, they would be fighting five primogenitors'. They weren't stupid to commit fully to a losing engagement like this.

"Is he in yet?" Saurous asked as he eyed Manananggal.

"Not yet." Manananggal replied, his hand holding a replica of Felix's blood drop.

It was easy to know whether Felix was in the seven demon realms or not, as the blood would have reacted the moment he was in the same galaxy as it.

"Even better, let's get going." Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Without an ounce of hesitation, the three darkins embarked on their spaceship and took off into the distance, heading towards none other than the SGAlliance's troops.

In this battle, they planned on playing as dirty as possible even if it meant antagonizing other primogenitors in the process.

Unbeknownst to them, they weren't the only ones after Felix...

Whoosh!!

As the echo of the departing spaceship's roar dissipated into silence, the air around the small house began to curdle, thickening with a palpable malevolence.

Suddenly, the crimson cloud swelled, condensing into a nebulous cloud of noxious energy that was sinister as it was mesmerizing.

Amidst the swirling vortex, a figure started to take shape. It was Lucifer, materializing from the raw, undiluted evil.

His form was a silhouette at first, a mere shadowy outline within the miasma, but soon, his ghastly figure was fully revealed. Crimson eyes, burning with an unholy fire, emerged first, piercing the darkness.

His imposing form, exuding an aura of dangerous allure, was clad in a regal, obsidian-hued robe, the reflection of the stars twinkling ominously on its surface.

With a sardonic smile that could chill the marrow, he lifted his head and stared at the disappearing spaceship.

"You always wanted me to fight my destined other half in the seven demon realms to interrupt our holy reunion." He smiled coldly, "Do not mind me doing the same."

After his latest defeat under Felix's hands, Lucifer had no intentions of letting his pride get in his way.

If this meant taking advantage of the darkins' assassination to merge with Felix at his weakest, so be it!

Whoosh!

With a wave of a hand, Lucifer disappeared yet again...As the consciousness of the sinister energy, he could be anywhere and everywhere, as long a portion of evil power source was there.

Now that he knew of their destination, he went there ahead of them and waited for his precious moment.

Unbeknownst to him as well, Felix might not know the details of the darkins' assassination attempt, but he learned that it involved the SGAlliance's troops from Lord Loki.

This meant all three parties were going to be at the same location.

The cogs were finally turning on this historical fight and only one party was going to emerge victorious...Would it be a human, a demon elemental, or primogenitors?