Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A few days later...

Prince Beelzebub sat atop the tallest spire of his once-impregnable fortress, watching as the horizon filled with the armada of the SGAlliance troops.

Their vessels blotted out the stars, a shadowy shroud encapsulating his beleaguered capital. He could feel the vibration of their engines, the energy blasts echoing in the distance, growing closer and louder. "It's finally happening...Ah."

The once proud and sinister demon prince was new signing his sorrows away with a bottle of alcohol in his hand.

His heart pounded in his chest, not with fear but acceptance...His survival instincts had taken over his pride, making him understand that standing up for his territory signified signing his death contract.

He knew full well that Felix might appear at any moment, materializing out of thin air like some wraith, and Beelzebub had no illusions about the outcome of such an encounter.

The ending of the demon king Lucifer was staying rent- free in his mind...

"This city..." he murmured to himself, his eyes scanning the sprawling metropolis one last time.

Each soaring tower, each winding street, and each trembling soul residing within was a testament to his reign.

His fingers grazed the cold stone of the parapet, absorbing the final moments of the world he had so meticulously crafted.

Faint cries of demons began to rise as the first wave of SGAlliance troops touched down on the outskirts of the city.

Lights flashed on the horizon, the symphony of an impending battle starting its haunting crescendo. With a last sigh, he turned from the panorama of his soon—to—be-fallen capital, his crimson eyes gleaming in the flickering light.

"Farewell," he whispered into the icy wind, an unheard goodbye lost amidst the chaos.

He raised his hand, energy swirling at his fingertips, ready to cast himself into the darkness, far away from this place, far away from the relentless pursuit of the greatest demon hunter.

A final glance back, and Beelzebub disappeared into the shadows, prioritizing his survival over his empire.

His figure faded away just as the first explosions tore through the sky, casting his abandoned capital in a harsh, violent light.

His reign was over, but he was alive, lost in the boundless obscurity of the universe...

Unbeknownst to him, Felix never had any plans of hunting him down as it would compromise his more important mission, slaying the darkins.

"You were right, he really didn't show up to protect his capital.‘ Candace shared.

'Only a selfless hero or an idiot would risk his own life for the sake of a piece of land.' Felix replied calmly, not surprised by the smooth invasion of Beelzebub's capital.

'I guess the other princes will also do the same.‘ Candace said with a displeased tone, 'On one hand, I am happy with this outcome, but on the other, I really want those f*ckers dead and gone for good.‘ 'Likewise, but we can't have them both.' Felix said. 'We have more important stuff to do than waste our time on such weaklings.‘

The only thing that bothered Felix was the notion that the demon princes would always be around, like an unkillable germ.

Though. the good news was that none of them need purities to keep their rationality intact as the only reason they hunted for purities was to feed their armies and boost their strength.

This implied that if they were truly smart about remaining hidden, they wouldn't dare hunt for purities inside the SGAlliance's territories.

'Elder, any signs of the darkins?‘ Felix asked Lord Loki who was playing cards with the remaining free tenants from this mission.

'Nothing yet.‘ Lord Loki waved his hand in annoyance, 'Stop bothering me, I will tell you when their location is readable.‘

'Alright.'

Right now, Felix and his masters were staying in the void realm with Nimo's help and Felix was quite antsy about it.

Since Candace couldn't resist The Paragon of Sins' uncontrollable pressure, they had to rely on Nimo to transform into an aircraft and stay inside of him.

it was quite easy for hint and he found it fun to do.

Though, Felix really wasn't too thrilled with the idea and he even didn't want to do it at the beginning. It was understandable as the moment he knew that the Paragon of Sins must be awake, he feared for Nimo‘s life.

If it wasn't for the Paragon not making a move on Nimo even after Lucifer found out about him, Felix wouldn't have been this daring.

***

After great efforts and commendable teamwork from the SGAlliance's troops, Beelzebub's demon realm, Tartarus, was officially conquered!

In the heart of the ravaged capital, amidst the ruins and the lingering smoky remnants of war, a miraculous spectacle began to unfold.

The World Tree, a monument to the SGAlliance's successful conquest, stood tall, breaking through the scarred skyline.

It reached towards the heavens, its vast branches spread wide and covered in myriad shades of green, glistening under the twilight of Tartarus realm!

The demons in the capital had their demonization reversed, making them seem like they had woken up from an eternal nightmare.

Since most of those demons belonged originally to the seven demon realms, the SGAlliance was introduced to new races and ancient civilizations.

While the SGAlliance's citizens were celebrating their victory at last, the inner circle leaders had no intentions of doing the same.

They left some of their troops to deal with the survivors and planned on taking off toward the next demon realm.

But Felix had to stop this from happening as he knew that it would ruin his plan.

Fortunately, he didn't need to explain himself anymore as the moment he ordered the troops to stay put for a couple more days, no one dared to object and cause a scene over nothing.

...

The Next Morning...

'I have a signal, their spaceship has stopped at these coordinates, you better move quickly if you want to catch them.‘ Lord Loki said while sharing the darkins' coordinates with Felix.

He couldn't do this before because it was impossible to track them in light—speed mode.

'Much appreciated.'

Without a split second wasted, Felix guided Nimo in the right direction, knowing that he couldn't understand it as well as Candace.

"They have stopped merely ten thousand kilometers away from Beelzebub's capital. They really are planning to hold the SGAlliance's troops as a hostage to draw you out.' Asna commentated with a cold tone.

'I expected nothing less front them.' Felix wasn‘t surprised one bit.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

He already figured out that the darkins were bound to play dirty and use either people close to hint or responsible for, to get him killed.

The only reason they hadn't used this strategy before was that Felix hadn't made them feel threatened to throw their pride and dignity this openly...Also, deep down they must have felt that Felix would never throw his life away for other people as they couldn't fathom doing the same.

This thought process had shifted drastically the moment they had blown out Felix's home planet, killing his family in the process.

'Since they plan on killing me from a distance, this means one of them will be split from the pack.‘ Felix smiled coldly, ‘l have a feeling it will be Manananggal.‘

Whether they leave two to handle the hostages or one, they were bound to separate front each to pull off their plan.

Manananggal had the highest chance of being the gun holder due to his element. Wendigo couldn't assassinate Felix from a distance with his ultimate ability since it required close eye contact. Meanwhile, Saurous' gravity abilities were too obvious, and take some time for the real damage to start kicking in.

Only Manananggal was capable of assassinating Felix from tens of thousands of kilometers if not more with a mere glance, using Felix‘s own blood against him.

As expected, after less than a few seconds, Felix and his masters arrived at the darkins' location and found them on the verge of splitting up.

Gazing upon the darkins for the first time ever since the destruction of his home, Felix was consumed by an incandescent rage, a tempest of hatred and grief that seethed within his chest...

It was fueled by the sight of his home planet's ashes and the three monsters that had reduced it to absolute ruins.

The sight of his grandfather‘s innocent death.

The sight of his family, friends, and subordinates unjustly passing.

No one had any interaction with the darkins or even knew about their existence...Yet, they were killed in cold blood under their hands and it was all because of a conflict they knew nothing about...

While Felix had accepted his reality and the death of his loved ones, the sight of darkins' three evil auras right before him, made it hard for those wounds to not open up again.

'Felix, keep it in. You will expose us if they ended up picking your murderous intentions.' Fenrir advised calmly, 'Emotions have no place in such decisive battles.‘

'I know, I know that.' Felix replied, his voice as calm as the ocean under a clear sky.

Felix had gone through so much to let himself get ruined by his own emotions.

So, he sealed everything back inside his heart and kept his mind straight on one thing only...Killing Manananggal.

'You be safe, alright?‘ Lady Sphinx warned, 'Don't get overconfident or try to prolong the battle to appease your hatred and anger. We won't be able to hold them for more than a second if they wanted to escape.‘

'Don't worry, it will be quick for us, but not for hint.‘ Felix replied with an icy tone.

Felix had already prepared the most sinister way to kill Manananggal, and nothing was going to stop him from not using it!