Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

In the vast expanse of cosmic space, an anomaly rippled through the void. A figure emerged from the oscillating warp, an entity of immense power and darkness, sending a silent shiver down the spine of the universe.

It was Lucifer, his form radiating an aura of dark majesty, his crimson eyes exuding distress and anger.

‘Where did they go?!'

He yelled in his mind as he watched the fading trail of crimson mist, the last vestiges of a powerful blood ability, and the slight disturbances in the fabric of space, evidence of a space-altering technique.

Because his existence was related to evil energy and there was no way Felix and Manananggal wouldn't detect it randomly in outer space, he kept a significant distance between the two.

Still, he had a front—seat view of the entire short battle.

He saw how Felix used totality collapse and chased down Manananggal's blood cloud as a lightning bolt- However, to his surprise, the moment Felix arrived near Mananauggal, none of them made a move for an entire second after Felix waved his hand.

Then, there was no then!

Felix snapped his finger and both of them disappeared, leaving him stunned and agitated.

Now that he saw the spatial disruption, he knew that Felix had teleported both of them to another location.

'They must have not gone far. I have to find them before their battle ends!'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Lucifer broke into a cloud of evil energy again and took off, seeking their location at all costs.

After watching Felix's swift battle with Manananggal, he understood that his chances to defeat his other half were getting slimmer and slimmer.

Felix becoming a deity was like giving a tiger wings, all of his overpowered abilities could finally be used to their peak potential!

While Lucifer was hunting for them like a madman, he had no idea that Felix had teleported Manananggal to a small pocket dimension of his creation!

It was by using a newly mastered greater spatial spell called, Dimensional Platform.

It was a small platform in a separate dimension, but that's all Felix needed to cast his illusion domain and enlarge it into his own desire!

In this instant, he created Manananaggal's previous castle and trapped him in it.

...

A few moments before Felix and Manananggal's battle, Saurous, and Wendigo were seen waiting patiently for their partner's signal near the SGAlliance's troops.

Not a single spaceship had picked up their existence as Wendigo was using a darkness ability capable of hiding them completely from any detection ability.

Alas, they were against the all-seeing eyes of Lady Sphinx.

While they assumed that no one could see them, they appeared as clear as crystal in Lady Sphinx's mesmerizing eyes.

'lt's time.' Lady Sphinx said calmly while creating a tiny sand sword the size of close to an atom.

'I am ready.‘ Fenrir replied expressionlessly.

'Nimo, now.‘

Without warning, Lady Sphinx and Fenrir sprang into action, bursting from the void like celestial wraiths, they descended upon Saurous and Wendigo with the fury of cosmic storms!!!

The surprise was total, the ambush was perfectly executed!

'Careful!'

'Sh*t'

The unsuspecting duo was caught in a pincer attack ofan ice storm of absolute zero, each particle glowing eerily in the starlight, and Lady Sphinx's golden sandstorm!

The storms covered hundreds of kilometers in an instant and could have engulfed even more space if it wasn't for the SGAlliance‘s troops being nearby!

While the ambush was utter perfection and they had been caught off guard, Saurous and Wendigo still reacted with uncanny synchronization.

'DARKNESS RELOCATION!'

Amidst the chaos, Wendigo activated Darkness Relocation, causing his form to disintegrate into a nebulous cloud of absolute darkness.

In a blink, he vanished from the battleground, appearing instantly in another part of the cosmos where darkness was dominant before either storm could touch him!

Simultaneously, Saurous tapped into his own most powerful ability, ‘BLACKHOLE MANIFESTATION!‘ Around him, the fabric of reality began to ripple and distort, space-time warping into a vortex of inescapable gravitational pull!

Darkness bloomed around him, swallowing him whole, a monstrous maw against the icy onslaught! The black hole acted as a counterbalance, its gravitational pull pushing against the chill of Absolute Zero, nullifying its effects!

The space around him twisted, stretched, and distorted into an abyss so deep, it swallowed all light and heat, leaving only darkness in its wake!

Knowing that their bodies would be devoured and crashed, Lady Sphinx and Fenrir had already used countermeasures to resist the insane gravitational pull!

Meanwhile, Saurous on his own accord dove deeper into the black hole, where neither time nor space existed!

This was his sanctuary,, a refuge only he could survive in from anything and anyone.

Wendigo didn't hesitate to bail on him, so he could allow him to use his ultimate ability to survive the ambush.

RUMBLE RUMBLE!!!...

Unfortunately, his ultimate ability didn't have an effect only on himself and his assailants, but on everything in the solar system.

The sudden emergence of the black hole set off a catastrophic chain reaction across the solar system. Planets swayed in their orbits, disrupted by the black hole's powerful gravitational pull.

The Sun, the magnificent star at the heart of the solar system, flickered as if in protest, its radiance wavering under the black hole's influence.

Meteors strayed from their paths, the asteroid belt became a whirl of chaotic motion, and the planets themselves shuddered, their natural courses disrupted by the titanic gravitational force!

Arrghh!!! AAAAAAAAAUH!!!! UGGG!!!!!

Amidst this astronomical chaos, the fleets of the SGAlliance felt the brunt of the escalating crisis.

Strips began to veer off course, pulled inexorably towards the black hole. Panic began to set itr as the fleet's commanders scrambled to counter the powerful gravitational force, but their efforts were in vain against such an immense cosmic. force!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

'Fenrir!‘

'On it!'

Without Lady Sphinx needing to say more, Fenrir stepped in, his form glowing with an icy light amidst the chaotic ballet of planets and stars.

In a display of raw power, Fenrir pushed out his absolute zero storm direction of the SGAlliance‘s fleet and the planet as a whole!

As the subzero wave expanded tremendously, the gravitational pull's effects were countered. Fleets of ships pulled off course just moments before, now froze in place, caught in a moment of absolute stillness...Even the planet, its erratic orbit paused.

'You have gone soft and you will pay for it.‘ Saurous scoffed as he watched his nemesis, turning his back on him to save the puny lives of mortals.

Although Saurous didn't plan for any of this to happen, he made sure to take advantage of it.

He brought his hands together from within the black hole and pulled them apart, akin to an orchestra conductor.

The moment he did so, the boundary of the event horizon seemed to fluctuate, to pulse as if it had become a sentient entity.

Suddenly, the darkness erupted, not with an explosion of light, but with an outpouring of pitch-black tongues, reaching out into the surrounding cosmos!!!

It was Saurous, manipulating the black hole's properties from within, bending it to his will!

Each tongue of darkness was an extension of Saurous himself, a manifestation of his power and control over the black hole.

They moved with an eerie grace toward Fenrir. Even when his back was facing the eerie tongues, he didn't seem fazed in the slightest.

He merely glanced at Lady Sphinx and uttered calmly, 'Go after Wendigo, I got this.‘

'Alright.' Lady Sphinx didn't question his decision even a little. She turned around, eyes gleaming with an unnatural light akin to a predator.

Then, she broke off into a humanoid sand figure and reduced each sand grain of her body to atomic size, causing her entire body to become as small an atom!

Still, she didn't stop the size reduction until she reached the quantum universe, the lawless universe, where realities collide and realms clashed together!

In this entire universe, only Lady Sphinx was known to be capable of entering the quantum realm at her own desire due to her quantum vision and the uniqueness of her element.

As a sand elementalist, she was capable of controlling each physical grain individually, which meant, she could reduce the size of each one and still be able to control it through quantum vision.

Since one could easily get lost inside the quantum realm even if there was ten thousand times less than a millimeter between two objects entering at the same time, Lady Sphinx had to master the ability to control each grain individually and reduce them in size perfectly at the same time.

This was the only method to help her remain as one entity inside the quantum realm and only she could pull it off in this universe with those sorts of skills, talent, and dedication!

Now that she was here, the possibilities were infinite...But, Lady Sphinx had no plans to waste her time marveling at the beauty of the quantum universe.

She used her elemental sense and connected it with the tiny sword from before.

This tiny sword wasn't with her anymore as during the ambush, site had successfully attached it inside Wendigo's atom world before he disappeared into the darkness!

The ambush wasn't a total disaster as both of them knew that the darkins wouldn‘t get killed this easily.

So, she aimed to place a tracker on the slippiest one of them, knowing that Fenrir could handle Saurous on his own.

'Got you.‘

Lady Sphinx's gleaming triangle pupils reflected a beacon of light in her eyes, which was none other than her tiny sword.

Without an ounce of hesitation, she took a step forward with her eyes closed shut and then she disappeared.

When she reappeared again. she was already holding the sand sword, which wasn't so tiny anymore.

One could only imagine what she planned on doing in such a critical location!