Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

1365 Successful Retreat!

I have only a few seconds before my form dissolves on its own.

Lady Sphinx knew that time wasn't in her favor due to her form being too difficult to maintain for prolonged periods.

After all, she had to control each grain of sand individually to keep them the same size and each movement made had to be completed simultaneously for all grains.

With a swift move, she began drawing on her power over sand. A sandstorm formed, a microscopic maelstrom swirling with cosmic grains!

Despite its size, the storm was a force of nature, able to erode and disrupt on an atomic level.

As Lady Sphinx released the sandstorm, it swept through Wendigo's atomic world, disturbing the delicate balance of his inner cosmos!

Each grain of sand was a tiny battering ram, clashing against the atoms, causing disruptions and chaos!

'Argh! What the...

As the sandstorm raged and expanded to a frightening size, Wendigo recoiled in shock and agony, a sensation, unlike any pain he had known before!

It was as if every atom in his body was under siege, screaming in unison, the disturbance radiating from his core to his extremities!

His form flickered, instability rippling through him as the sandstorm disrupted the atomic harmony within. His body convulsed, rejecting the invading force, as he struggled to maintain his physical integrity, knowing that the moment he gave in, his body would collapse on itself and he would drop dead!

Sphinx!! You b*tch!'

He recognized the source of the pain immediately as Manananggal had experienced it before against none other than Lady Sphinx in the primogenitors' era!

Since Lady Sphinx had already exposed this ability to the primogenitors, none of them was stupid enough to not prepare counter-measurements if they were ever put in the same scenario as Manananggal.

'Release!!'

With a burst of dark energy, Wendigo's form began to disintegrate, not in a destructive sense, but in a purposeful transformation!

His body began to split, a cloud of darkness erupting into thousands of smaller, independent parts. Each fragment was a miniature version of Wendigo, holding a portion of his essence and consciousness!

Like shadows given life, the thousands of mini-Wendigos scattered in all directions, knowing that when Lady Sphinx return to her original size, she would take advantage of his weakened state and eliminate him for good!

"Not this one, not this one, not this one...

At the same time, Wendigo was switching his focus rapidly from one portion of darkness to another in his elemental form, wanting to find a clean portion without any of Lady Sphinx's sand particles.

As he kept skipping from one to another, those portions of darkness suddenly turned golden in color before being transformed into sand particles, emphasizing the end of their conquest!

'Faster! Faster! faster!' Wendigo increased his switching speed as he was forced to have his main consciousness jump from one portion to another to avoid getting erased.

'Finally!'

Fortunately for him, he had acted extremely quickly and had planned countermeasures, which ended up rewarding him with a survival chance.

He quickly placed his main consciousness inside the clean portion of what remained of his body and without an ounce of hesitation, he used the same teleportation ability to put a significant distance from his assaulted location!

When he was gone, Lady Sphinx had her size increased until she reached her normal height...Then, she canceled her transmutation ability with an expressionless look.

'Wendigo has gotten away, but in a weakened state... Be right there. Lady Sphinx sent a telepathic message to Fenrir as she took off in his direction.

She was neither surprised nor disappointed that her attack had failed to kill Wendigo.

he already had pretty low expectations of it working out as she knew that the moment she had exposed her ability back in the day, it wasn't going to have a great effect on primogenitors unless they didn't bother to prepare a countermeasure.

Wendigo's situation was even more complicated since he was capable of switching between the ether and the physical, unlike most primogenitors.

While primogenitors use transmutation to switch into elemental form, Wendigo didn't require to do so as he reached a stage where his existence was darkness and darkness was him.

Unlike other darkness elementalists, he had taken it a step further in his manipulation and was capable of controlling both cosmic dark energy and dark matter. Whether it was dark energy or dark matter, both neither emitted light or any type of electromagnetic radiation that could be detected.

As the darkness primogenitor, he was capable of controlling all kinds of energies, matters, or concepts related to darkness in any shape or form!

This allowed him to be too overpowered in outer space as more than 68% of the universe was made up of dark energy while 27% was made out of dark matter!

In other words, it was near impossible to catch Wendigo in outer space or kill him as he could always merge his main consciousness with a new body manifested out of dark matter or dark energy unless his soul was eradicated before then!

...

On the other side...

'Both of them have escaped: Fenrir uttered with an icy tone as his eyes were affixed on the disappearing blackhole.

In a few moments, it broke into elemental particles and the disruption in the solar system was returned to normal at last.

Just like the fight with Lady Sphinx, they merely traded blows for a few seconds before Saurous decided to leave.

Clearly, he was informed by his partner to not prolong the fight and regroup with each other.

In their eyes, Manananggal's unresponsiveness only meant that he was ambushed just like them, and they were more agitated about this since neither Felix nor the rest of the Asgardians' had made their presence known.

'Felix has successfully kidnapped Manananggal.' Thor shared with a faint proud smirk, 'You guys don't want to miss the show.

'You can watch, I got this covered! Lady Sphinx nodded at Fenrir. 'You are just as deserving of seeing that filth get his punishment.'

'I will switch back in case they made a move again! Fenrir gave her a slight nod in appreciation and then switched his focus to his wisp of consciousness.

During primogenitors' battles, one needed 100% of focus to not end up getting screwed up.

This made it too risky to place one's main focus outside of the battle even when each wisp of consciousness was considered as an individual that could handle itself.

While Lady Sphinx and Fenrir had successfully foiled the darkins' hostage strategy, they understood the SGAlliance's troops were still in danger.

The moment those two realize that their partner was nowhere to be found and couldn't be contacted, they would attempt to use the hostages again to pressure them.

Fortunately, Felix had planned for this and ordered his clone in the UVR to order a mass retreat of the SGAlliance's troops the moment he succeeded in his kidnapping attempt.

Honestly, he didn't even need to do this.

"I don't want a single soul to stay near those monsters!" Queen Alfreda ordered with a solemn tone.

"Were they really trying to attack us?!" Emperor Lokhil said, his back sweating bullets.

Almost all inner circle leaders shared his reaction as

they had just watched their entire SGAlliance's super fleet almost end up getting consumed by a black hole. "This is outrageous! Don't they have any respect for our ancestors to assault us this blatantly?" Minister Aquaris huffed in displeasure. "I am reporting this to the ancestor."

"Likewise."

"Seconded"

"They really have gone too far."

Felix might be the alliance's leader, but he didn't own it. In their eyes, for the darkins to bring the alliance into their personal conflict warranted a punishment.

So, every inner circle leader with a primogenitor still active didn't hesitate to reach out to them and report on the darkins' transgression and show them the entire fight.

While the news did anger many of them, the excitement and intrigue of those two factions' conflict finally blowing up took over them!

"Sh*t, we missed most of it!" Erebus banged the table with a dissatisfied tone as he watched the replay of what happened with his peers in the assembly.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

They really were bored out of their minds to react like this.

"I can't see either Manananggal or the rest of the Asgardians in the picture." Kumiho remarked in intrigue, "Do you think they have ambushed him as three?"

Must be." Elder Aspidochelone stated calmly, "In terms of pure strength and power, Manananggal can be considered as the weakest of most of us."

"But, it doesn't matter to be stronger than him if one can't kill him." Siren shook her head, "I would rather have targeted Saurous. Out of the darkins, he is the only one with a chance of getting eliminated if that boy used his ultimates right."

"True, even if Manananggal was killed, he can always automatically get revived with a new soul and a body from scratch, using a mere random drop of blood anywhere in the universe." Cherufe huffed in irritation, not a fan of such cockroachy ultimate.

"The Asgardians aren't that stupid. They also know about this and they still prioritized him over the others." Erebus narrowed his eyes. "I say, they must have figured out a method to kill him once and for good."

Discord link to be notified of updates as soon as possible: https://discord.gg/novelcommunity