1366 Your Personal Hell. II

"You think so?"

"That sounds impossible...Right?"

His peers found it difficult to believe as the notion of complete rebirth implied that there was literally nothing to kill Manananggal unless he was killed off every time he was reborn until every drop of his blood was erased from the universe!

This kind of certainty was the only thing keeping Wendigo and Saurous as calm as a summer sea in this difficult time.

"I can't find him anywhere not reach him." Saurous said with a suppressed tone. "He is either dead or taken to another dimension."

"As much as I hate to admit it, it does sound like his death is the most plausible reason. An ambush by two primogenitors and a deity with multiple ultimates isn‘t something easily evadable." Wendigo replied, his eyes two vortexes of pure chaotic darkness, reflecting his inner emotional state.

The moment those two escaped from Lady Sphinx and Fenrir, they reached out to their partner using Queen Ai as well as telepathically.

When both mediums failed, they even attempted to awaken his dormant wisp of consciousness inside their minds.

Alas, it didn't respond to their calls, which was another indication of Manananggal's main consciousness being either offline or too occupied to respond.

When they asked Queen Ai for the last recording of their partner before he went offline, they saw nothing but absolute destruction unfolding in his wake.

They recognized it to be totality collapse instantly, which made his death more plausible.

If he was killed, so be it. He is bound to be revived in the upcoming hours and reach us on his own." Wendigo stated, "Let's just be patient and wait."

While both of them were fuming internally about how their assassination plan backfired on them so badly, they knew that expressing it would solve nothing.

They didn't even bother to go after the SGAlliance's troops again, knowing that the Lady Sphinx and Fenrir would be there to protect them.

Thus, there wasn't much for them to be done at the moment besides waiting for their partner to reach out to them and regroup.

Alas, if only they knew what was happening to their partner at the moment, they wouldn't sit for even a second...

***

One minute before, when Manananggal had just gotten transported into the castle...

"My personal hell?" Manananggal sneered. "You think I can be kept here against my will?"

"Be my guest and give it a try." Felix extended his hand welcomely, not an ounce of worry on his face.

His unnerving confidence would have made anyone else feel bothered, but not Manananggal.

He pointed his finger at the castle's ceiling and called calmly, "Blood Overtake."

Whoosh! ! !

His blood rushed forth, spilling from him in crimson torrents! The rich, vibrant life fluid splashed against the castle's stones, seeping into cracks and crevices, and flowing across the floors and along the walls.

It surged like an unleashed river, rapid and relentless!

The castle began to shift and shimmer under the onslaught. lts stony visage became slick with blood, walls glistening, floors drenched. Every room, every corridor,and every inch of the castle was soaked in Manananggal‘s life essence!

liven his wife and children weren‘t spared from being submerged under his blood ocean. When the castle seemed to have been filled, he called in his mind,'Bloodification.‘

As Manananggal channeled his unique ability, the haunting silence of the castle was pierced by an echoing pulse, as though the very heart of the fortress had been awakened!

The crimson life fluid that coated every surface started to react, and the bloodification process was initiated.

The castle began to morph and shift under this new power, its cold, hard stonework dissolving, replaced by a pulsating, living structure of blood.

Stone towers transformed into towering spires of flowing crimson, arches, and ceilings becoming a network of veins and arteries!

The floors morphed into a semi—solid state, undulating like a calm sea under Manananggal's feet.

The castle had become a castle of blood, a living, breathing monument sculpted from his very essence!

"When you own the illusion, even the owner is helpless against you."

The moment he said this, Manananggal snapped his finger, and the blood castle fell through, becoming a flowing river around its creator!

Before he could feel pleased with himself for even a second, Felix emerged from the river as a humanoid blood figure and said, "You are right, illusions are easy to handle in such cases as they are still labeled as mental attacks. But, this is no ordinary illusion attack."

His smile turned sinister the moment he finished his last sentence, causing chills to course down Mananannggal‘s spine.

'Illusion domain...I am inside an illusion domain.'

Manananggal deep down anticipated that Felix would have used illusion domain against him the moment he knew that he had integrated with Lord Loki's bloodline.

He wanted this truth to be false so badly as he recognized that once a person get inside an illusion domain without immunity, his fate was considered sealed!

The other illusions were considered mental attacks, but the illusion domain was considered a reality-bending ability.

Those two were far too separate from each other in terms of significance, one could even say that they were considered as two different elements!

"So, I hope you won't interrupt our fun limes again as I have great things stored for you." Felix's sinister smile widened as the blood river returned to a blood castle before it became a stone castle again.

Manananggal's expression couldn't help but turn ugly at the sight of his pregnant wife and his children returning to life again like Felix did nothing but reverse time in his presence.

"Shall we begin?"

Immediately after Manananggal's ears registered Felix's words, he found himself sitting at a long elegant dining table with his children facing him.

As for his wife?

She was laying on the table in front of him without a piece of cloth to hide even her private parts...Yet, she didn't seem uncomfortable as she had a gentle smile while eying her loving husband.

"Ili darling. " She greeted, her voice as soft as a hummingbird's whisper.

Her sweet look and voice reminded Manananggal of the best times of his life, which made him even angrier at Felix.

"You bastard...You really want to do this?" Manananggal said with a tone spilling with venom.

His calm and collected noble demeanor was no more as his vampire's bloodthirsty side was finally on display.

"I don't understand, wasn't eating unborn children from the womb of breathing pregnant women one of your finest delicacies in life?" Felix uttered with a confused tone, but his sadistic tone was still the same. "I am just being nice and giving your last meal before your execution...After all, the moment you were locked here with me, you became my own death row prisoner."

If someone else heard this, they would feel shivers course on their skin from the mere horror of the statement, don't even mention actually watching him do it!

Yet, Felix was fully bent on taking matters this far as Manananggal's evil deeds made him deserving of this punishment more than anything.

"You think I will give you and your masters the pleasure of seeing me eat my own child from my wife's stomach?" Is'Ianananggal scoffed, "I would rather give up on this body and start fresh again."

"I knew that you won't show any remorse after listening to your heinous crimes, but I didn‘t think it will be this bad. "

Felix's gaze got colder, not liking Manannaggal's response one bit.

When he heard about Manananggal's crimes from his masters and how the entire conflict between their factions resulted from them, he didn't dare to believe it.

He always thought that it started because Fenrir's pregnant wife got killed by Manananggal, but he didn't think it would be even worse than that.

A living primogenitor, one of the most intelligent, powerful, and authoritative beings in the universe actually sent his subordinates to hunt down fresh pregnant women to feast on their newborn children?

Just the thought alone made him feel sick to his stomach, but when he was shown memories by his masters of him doing it over and over again made Felix's heart burn with uncontrollable fury.

If this was his reaction, it was understandable how would the other primogenitors react when they found out about it.

While most primogenitors merely settled with a voiced warning to make him stop, the Asgardians took it a step further and decided to make Manananggal pay for his crimes as his subordinates had targeted many women from their own territories.

As their ancestors and protectors, it didn't sit right with them to just let him get away with it because of his status as a primr'rgenitor.

So, they confronted him, and because of their decision, Fenrir's pregnant wife wasn‘t just killed by Manananggal but suffered under the same treatment as others...Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Crimes? You really are as delusional as your masters." Manananggal uttered coldly, "Gods' actions are not considered crimes toward lesser mortals. Inst like you eat innocent animals without a second thought, what makes you think I can't do the same for mortals?"

"In my eyes, you are nothing but talking animals."