Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1369 A Lifetime Regret...

While Felix was rushing against time to finish studying the best way to eliminate the true immortality genomes without causing Manananggal's death, his masters and Fenrir were seen sitting on beach chairs in one row.

Their eyes were affixed on the horrifying spectacle before them: Manananggal, writhing and screaming in the throes of agony as he was covered in blood from the top to the bottom... The blood of his dearest ones to him, the blood of his one and true love in his entire eternal life.

Yet, there was no satisfaction in their eyes, no pleasure derived from the sight; only a deep—seated sense of melancholy and a reminiscence of a time when their fates were not intertwined in this cruel dance.

Thor crossed his arms over his mighty chest, his eyes hard and unflinching.

"Remember when we first encountered him?" he asked.

His grip tightened around an alcoholic flask, the memories igniting the ancient spark of war within him.

Jormungandr replied, a bitter smile forming, "A simpler time when his bloodthirst was not yet known to us."

"I would pay anything to return to those times..." Fenrir uttered softly, his eyes closed shut under the background of Manananggal's wife's pitiful screams.

These voices did nothing but remind him of his dearest wife and his dead unborn child...Even his frigid heart was affected by those beautiful loving memories.

Almost all primogenitors ended up finding true love after going through an unimaginable number of partners.

Some of them cherished their partners and were loyal to them monogamously even when they were mere mortals.

Some loved them to the point of not touching another partner after their death.

Some were broken into pieces after their death, incapable of letting them go and trying every possible method to bring them back.

All of those partners shared one thing... Meeting their mortality while their primogenitors‘ partners didn't age for even a second.

If Fenrir's wife had died a natural death, he would have been upset, but he would still move on from it.

Instead, her ending caused him to go into a spiral of maddening anger and he released this rage on none other than Manananggal.

Alas, when he realized that it was hopeless to kill him and get his revenge, he chose the darker path.

A path he still regretted to this day as it made him feel like he was no different than Manananggal.

"I am sorry," Fenrir muttered, his apologetic eyes affixed on Manananggal's wife.

"You did what you felt was right at the moment." Thor comforted him, "Plus, he is the one coming after your wife first and even killing her in such a wicked manner."

"My method was no different..."

Fenrir closed his eyes, scenes of what he had done to Mananannggal's wife resurfaced in his mind.

In the ethereal gloaming, he stood towering over the trembling figure of Manananggal's wife.

His eyes, glowing ominously, bore into her frightened ones, radiating an air of palpable dread.

With a swift move, Fenrir nudged her with his massive snout, pushing her toward the edge of the woods where packs of the most fierce wolves in the entire universe existed.

Wolves the size of buildings with teeth capable of chewing into the hardest known metal...

"Please don't do this.-.Please, I had nothing to do with what he did!" Manananggal's wife begged, tears streaking down her cheeks as she knelt in front of Fenrir.

"You knew of his nature and did nothing to change it...You are just as guilty as him." Fenrir's heart wasn't affected by her pitiful look one bit.

"I didn't know! He never let me on such matters! Sob, sob...Even if I knew, do you think he will listen to me? He didn't even listen to the three of you."

"He is your husband, you should have tried harder."

Even when she didn't seem to be lying, Fenrir had already steeled his broken heart to give her the same punishment Manananggal gave to his innocent wife.

He was burning with rage and vengeful thoughts and nothing anyone said was going to change his mind...

"Flee," he growled in a voice that was as chilling as the wind rustling through the dead trees, "Run and let fate decide your destiny."

"Ple..."Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Go!"

With a whimpered sob, the woman stumbled into the dark woods, the howling of the wolves echoing in her ears.

In less than a few minutes...The heavy silence of the cold night was abruptly punctuated by a terrified scream echoing from the depths of the forest.

Fenrir turned his sharp gaze towards the sound, his ears twitching in the chilly wind.

They were the screams of a cornered prey, the wails of an inevitable fate that was approaching rapidly.

The wolves, their silhouettes lit by the faint moonlight, slowly began to converge upon the source of the cries. Their eyes glowed ominously in the darkness, like fiery orbs in the pitch—black night.

Fenrir watched the scene unfold with a cold, detached gaze. The terrified screams did little to stir any sympathy within him.

The echoes of her cries served as a harsh reminder of the torment Manananggal had inflicted upon countless others and especially his wife.

As the screams slowly faded into chilling whimpers, Fenrir turned his gaze away, the haunting echoes a grim symphony of retribution, played out in the dark theatre of the forest.

The Fenrir of the old would have no idea that he would regret this decision for the rest of his life...lt wasn't because it kicked the Asgardian vs Darkins' conflict to a new height without a single chance of peace talks.

lle regretted it because he found out truly that Manananggal‘s wife had nothing to do with her husband's evil hobby of eating unborn infants, and he caused the death of an innocent life just to stick it to his enemy...

Right now, all Ire could do was ask for forgiveness from her illusionary form.

'The final page of this hook is finally about to get closed once and for all.‘

Fenrir thought to himself as he watched Felix trying his very best to bring an end to Manananggal's reign.

"To be honest, when you told me this kid has the potential to kill the darkins, I laughed at you in my mind." Thor suddenly chuckled as he eyed Jormungandr.

"I know." Jormungandr smiled back.

"Who would have thought he was going to pull it off." Thor took a mouthful of alcohol in his mouth while his eyes showed a proud look. "After this, I can brag that I'm the only one to bring up a student that slayed a primogenitor."

"Not any primogenitor, the one proclaimed as unkillable." Jormungandr shared his pleasure, knowing that his peers were bound to lose their sh*t when they hear the news.

Unlike Fenrir, they didn't feel any guilt about whatever happened to the darkins or anyone related to them.

The sh*t they made them go through for hundreds of millions of years made it. impossible for them to feel anything but utter hatred...Especial|y when they ganged up on their partner when they were gone.

"Hold your horses, looks like the darkins are getting antsy already." Lord Loki shared with an irritated tone.

"Hmmm? What are you talking about?" Asna asked.

"They have just reached out to me to give them the location of your boy."

liven though Wendigo and Saurous said that they could wait patiently for their partners to reach them, it wasn't easy to commit to it in such a tense situation.

So, instead of wasting their time biting their fingers, they decided to use Lord Loki‘s assistance.

"We aren't idiots, we have figured out that you are the only one with such classified information about our plan and even location." Wendigo stated coldly as he sat in front of Lord Loki in the UVR.

I'I don't know if you did this to pay a favor or you have switcher] to their side of our conflict, whatever it is, you are going to tell us about his location." Saurous threatened.

"IfI say no? Are you going to forward a complaint to the council? The council that has kicked you out already?" Lord Loki chuckled.

"Laugh all you want, but I tell you this." Saurous leaned closer and promised with the most sinister look ever. "We will make it our life mission to ruin your precious UVR experiment."

The moment his experiment was brought onto the table, Lord Loki's chuckle faded away and was replaced with an icy expression.

"Boys, do you really think it's the smartest decision to threaten an elemental lord? An elemental lord, who can hunt you down anywhere you go, and even if you hugged the legs of a unigin, you won't be saved?" Lord Loki stressed with his eyes narrowed, "Is this really how you want to play this? Think carefully before you reply."