Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1370 Seeking Outsiders' Help

Wendigo and Saurous felt their hearts go cold all of a sudden as they stared at his soulless eyes.

Lord Loki always seemed easy—going and informal. which made him seem quite bullyable compared to the other elemental lords.

But, when he gets angered, he reverted back to his true character and the darkins seemed to realize that they were truly walking into a massive mistake due to their anger.

'Let's just leave.‘

'Uhm.'

So, they calmed themselves a bit and left without saying another word even when Lord Loki made it clear that he knew about their partner‘s whereabouts.

"They left, but it's doubtful if this is going to stop them." Lord Loki shared with the tenants.

"If they were smart, their next destinations would be either Elemental Lord Osiris or Lord Dune." Thor narrowed his eyes.

The tenants nodded in agreement.

"I guess it's time for me to dip.' Felix said.

He assumed that he had a few hours until the darkins manage to find him. but he didn‘t expect them to move this quickly and even seek outsiders‘ help.

It was best for him to change his location to somewhere more secure and unreachable.

As they anticipated. the darkins reached out to Lord Osiris.

Since they knew that Lord Loki wasn't neutral anymore, they had to get rid of their AP Bracelets. which made establishing a connection much more difficult.

Fortunately, they still had a few clones spread in the seven demon realms and they used them to make the call.

"We seek your aid, Lord Osiris. Our brother is lost, and we require your help with the death string to locate him." Wendigo requested, his voice as respectful as ever.

He didn't dare raise his voice like he did with Lord Loki as the Lord of Death wasn't tolerable of anything informal.

Lord Osiris regarded them with an impassive gave. his features set in a timeless stoicism. "You engage in battles of your own making. i have no interest in your conflicts."

The Darkins remained unfazed as they anticipated such a response.

"We offer you three favors. three actions that you may invoke at any time of your choosing."

It was a known fact that Lord Osiris operated through favors and if the price was right. he had no problem with offering his help on such simple matters. Alas. this situation wasn't like any other.

Osiris shook his head. "Even the temptation of three favors cannot sway my resolution. I shall remain uninvolved in your petty squabbles."

'What the hell? Why would he reject us?'

'It's three favors and all he needs to do is use his death string to guide us.‘

Saurous and Wendigo were left pretty displeased but mostly con fused. Three favors was an overprice for his help and they expected it to work loo%. Unbeknownst to them. Lord Osiris rejected their proposal for the sake of his curiosity.

Ever since he called Lord Zurvan to cash out Felix's favor, he knew that there was something fishy about him.

After all. he was one of the few ones with great familiarity to Lord Zurvan and he understood that he never does anything without a reason.

"Can you at least tell us if our partner has died or not?" Saurous changed his request to something that could be done with a mere glance from Lord Osiris.

As the death primogenitor, he held a record of all things that died or still living in this universe and there was no way better than him at this.

"His string hasn't been cut...Now leave me in peace."

Lord Osiris gave them this at least, which didn't really please the darkins as much as they would have if he helped them find their partner.

Still. it was a good piece of information.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"He is still alive, which means they have really taken him to another dimension or something." Saurous said coldly, "The f‘l‘ckers know that it‘s useless to kill him, so they must be planning to keep him sealed somewhere for eternity."

"Not for long...l.et's seek out Lord Dune's help. There is no way that greedy worm won't help us out if we offered the same price."

Without a second wasted. they swiftly attempted to contact Lord Dune. After a couple of rings, Lord Dune agreed to a meeting.

Unlike their meeting with Lord Osiris. the deal was struck the moment Lord Dune was offered three favors to merely act as a guide.

He didn't care about Felix, his masters, or the conflict in general. in his eyes, this was a conflict outside of the primogenitors' council jurisdiction after the darkins were kicked out, which meant he could do whatever he pleased and not get in trouble with his peers.

"Send me the coordinates to the nearest location where he disappeared." Lord Dune ordered expressionlessly.

"Done."

Saurous took care of it and waited with his partner in the area where Felix and Manananggal had their confrontation.

In the blink of an eye, Lord Dune had emerged from a supermassive wormhole in the exact given coordinates, causing the darkins to put a significant distance between them and the wormhole not to get caught in the rising spatial storm.

Lord Dune‘s size defied all earthly comprehension, a titanic creature that dwarfed even the largest cosmic bodies!

Silver as starlight, his body glinted and shimmered with the brilliance of thousands of stars. His form was serpentine. winding, and coiling in a mesmerizing display of cosmic grandeur.

It was clear that he possessed a size manipulation ultimate ability, which could be considered unexceptional for a lord...But, Lord Dune knew what he was doing.

As he emerged fully from the wormhole. he turned his gigantic antennas toward Saurous and Wendigo.

He said telepathically, 'I can sense an unnatural spatial distortion happening here and connected to another location...Follow me.'

Lord Dunc reduced his size until he was their height and then created a spatial portal. connecting him to his mentioned location.

As the primogenitor of space, any bizarre spatial disturbance could be picked up by his senses on a galaxy scale, which meant no one could escape from him even if they teleported to the edge of the galaxy!

He had billions of years to hone his spatial senses, which was something that most primogenitors don't bother focusing on.

'There was a small pocket dimension here.' Lord Dune shared as he gazed at the chaotic spatial disruption left behind by Felix.

'What do you mean by was?‘ Saurous frowned, not liking where this was going.

'You were too late, he must have figured out your plan and escaped before you found him.' Lord Dune reasoned. his antennas gazing into the empty cosmos. 'Even worse, it seems like he has moved your partner into the void realm.'

'Sh*t, sh*t, it's that f*cker Loki selling us out.‘ Saurous cursed, knowing that the moment they made contact with Lord Loki, he must have told on them to Felix.

Meanwhile. Lord Dune could see Felix's trajectory as he was heading deeper and deeper into the void realm.

He was like a wolf capable of chasing after his prey from the mere smell, but in this instant, through spatial residue left on Felix's body.

'I will give you a freebie and open a void portal for you. But. my work will be considered done.I Lord Dune said.

"This is not what we have agreed upon.' Wendigo narrowed his eyes in displeasure, 'We made a deal to help up locate our brother. So far, you are just pointing your finger.'

'Our deal doesn‘t involve getting inside the void realm.‘ Lord Dune said calmly. 'Now, do you want me to Open a void rift for you or not? I am leaving in ten seconds.‘Lord Dunc didn't even bother worrying about them not paying up later on because of this. He knew that they were smart enough to understand that if they dared renegade on their favors, he would he the one killing them, not Felix.

'l'lease wait. let us think about it.‘ Saurous switched his tone, understanding that it was best to not anger their only source of reachability to their partner.

'What do we do?'

'We should make him create a void portal as close as possible to that brat.‘ Saurous suggested, 'We can then try to kill him or at least free our partner.‘

'If things went south?‘ Wendigo asked.

The true danger of the void realm wasn't the void energy, but getting stuck in it with the void energy.

All primogenitors could survive the disintegration of void energy for a decent period, but it wouldn‘t matter much if they couldn't get themselves out.

'I will create a black hole to shatter the dimensions on my point and you can relocate your body somewhere else...You will be weakened again, but it's the only method we have left.‘

'Alright, let's do it.'

Wendigo agreed at Once. knowing that there wasn‘t much to be done.

'llave you decided?' Lord Dune asked.

'Open it up.‘ Saurous said coldly, 'We are going in.'