Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1371 Facing Against His Adversities

'How deep are you planning to get. it's best to not go too deep to avoid the Paragon.‘ Asna warned with a worried tone, 'Getting close to an awake unigin with an agenda is a death sentence.'

'I know.'

While he said this, Felix was still pushing deeper and deeper with Nimo acting as his aircraft. Obviously, he had his masters with him for protection as he was in his most vulnerable state right now.

He had to keep two illusion domains active while at the same time keep decyphering Manananggal's true immortality genomes codes on the run.

To do this inside the void realm when he knew that there was a much bigger threat inside than outside was a challenge 011 its own.

But, he was left with no choice as he knew that pocket dimension was easily breachable if located.

'How far are you now?' Fenrir asked calmly.

'Probably 10% done?' Felix replied, his wisdom eyes fully activated, trying his best to facilitate the identification process.

30% done here.'

Fortunately, he had his master's assistance as she was also handling a different patch of genes and she was actually much faster than him even without wisdom eyes!

'Vou better finish it faster.‘ Fenrir's instincts kept tingling, 'I have a bad feeli...‘

Before he could finish his sentence, a sudden spatial disturbance occurred right in front of them... The moment they focused on it, they realized that it was a void rift opening up!

As the hum reached a crescendo, two forms emerged from the rift. Wendigo and Saurous stepped inside the void, their sudden appearance sending waves of surprise rippling through Felix and the tenants.

'How...‘

'Lord Dune.'

All of them figured out Lord Dune's involvement instantly as they knew that he was the only one who could be convinced through a deal to join the conflict and at the same time open up portals to multiple dimensions.

'You aren't running away this time.'

Before they could think too much about this, Saurous was the first to make a move as be cast a massive intense gravitational field around them, causing everyone to feel like they were under a star's gravity!

Whoosh!!

Just like they had already prepared their fighting strategy, Wendigo followed suit by merging with the void realm‘s pitch -black darkness and casting mental attacks at his adversaries!

Before either Felix. Fenrir or his master could make a move to block their attacks, Nimo split his body into two parts, one part remained as an aircraft while the other part transformed into a supermassive raccoon, with devilish fierce red eyes!

Eee Eee!

Then, he opened his mouth widely and released a potent intense beam of purified void energy in the direction of Saurous!

'The hell?"

'What is this?‘

The beam was so powerful, it cut through the gravitational field like it was a helpless piece of paper, which left both darkins stunned.

Saurous reacted swiftly and evaded the beam, but his gravitational field had its equilibrium ruined and caused the intense gravity to collapse on its own, freeing Felix and his companions without needing them to do anything!

Though, for the mental attacks, they had to eat them raw. Fortunately, all three of them were capable of defending against them.

Lady Sphinx's mental prowess was one of the best as she was constantly improving it by managing hundreds of clones on a daily basis.

Fenrir was used to Wendigo's mental attacks in his many previous battles with him.

Lastly, Felix's mental defenses were quite amazing with mind fortress and other mental barriers. ‘5

He might not take Wendigo's ultimate ability, but he could easily defend against the less powerful ones.

'Good job, Nimo. But, take Felix and leave, we got this covered.‘ Lady Sphinx ordered as she expelled herself from the void protection.

She covered herself in sand barriers, causing the void energy to keep consuming them continuously, but leaving her body intact.

Fenrir did the same, but using ice coating.

Eee Eee!

Listening to her commands, Nimo didn't hesitate to ditch them and speed away with Felix on board, prioritizing his father‘s safety over anything.

'Sh*t, he is getting away.‘ Saurous yelled at his partner, 'Get him! I can handle them alone.‘

'On it.'

Wendigo didn't need him to voice it as he was already chasing after Felix and Nimo at the top of his speed.

'I don't have much time before void energy starts getting into me. I need to be quick and kill either that brat or Manananggal.' Wendigo thought to himself, his expression as serious as it could be.

At the moment, his main goal was to free their partner, and killing Felix was a mere bonus. If he had to kill his own partner to achieve it, so be it.

'Sh*t, we can‘t go faster than this without causing the illusion domains to fall apart.‘ Felix frowned, not liking the situation in the slightest.

He told Nimo to go at a moderate speed even when he could easily leave Wendigo to eat his dust.

But, the instant he did that, Manananggal's consciousness would snap wide open from his illusion domains, and all of his efforts would be gone to waste.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Manananggal had seen and knows too much to end up surviving his plan.

The tenants understood the difficult situation Felix was in and shimmed in to help him out.

"You have two choices, either wait out until Wendigo's darkness barriers end up consuming all of his fuel and forcing him out of the void realm, or turn around and fight him with Nimo.' Thor shared, his grip tightening around his alcoholic jar.

While he offered two choices, the first one was merely there as a show. All the tenants knew that primogenitors' energy tank was monstrous and Wendigo could last hours if not more if he put his entire mind into the chase.

'Fight it is.‘ Felix responded with a hardened expression.

While he made his decision to engage in a battle with Wendigo, he still wasn't planning to stop anytime soon.

He wanted to pull him as far as possible from his partner, so even if his masters failed to keep him put, he wouldn't interfere in time.

'Please be careful of his ultimate ability.‘ Asna uttered with a worried tone, memories of Felix's failed experiments against it resurfaced in her mind.

'Don't worry, I trained hard for this moment.' Felix responded with a earnest look.

'God damn void energy, it's everywhere.‘

Meanwhile, Wendigo wasn't having the best time of his life. The void energy was literally everywhere, making it impossible for him to release any darkness—related particles without them getting absolutely devoured.

If it was not for them, he would have dominated Felix already with all of this darkness around. After all, the void realm was a mirroring dimension without a single ounce of light capable of resisting the void energy's disintegration, which can be considered as a paradise for darkness elementalists.

Alas, while void power source was not visible, it was there and darkness particles had absolutely no place in its home.

'Here should be enough, Nimo, let's do this.'

Eee Eee!

Nimo came to a full stop and separated himself from the aircraft yet again. But this time, Felix came out with him and left Manananggal's alone in the void aircraft.

Obviously, he was still in the illusion domain, having no clue about any of this.

'Nimo! Give me a Pride buff!'

lice lice!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Nimo extended his paw in the direction of Felix as be cast upon him the symbol of pride, emerging on the back of Felix akin to a tattoo!

Felix did not take Nimo with him to the elemental galaxy and left him to waste thousands of years fooling around. He might be a bit retarded and much weaker than his scaled alter ego, but he could still use the same laws too, just not as well.

Felix had helped Nimo find out a method to use the sins laws to boost his strength, and this was a mere taste of what they had come up with!

'That's the good stuff.'

In an instant, Felix felt a surge of power source coursing through his veins...It was as if a dam had been opened within him, releasing a torrent of raw, untamed power that filled him from head to toe.

This was the power of pride, the sin most associated with the notion of hubris and confidence. It was potent, intoxicating, a reservoir of strength that promised untold might.

His muscles swelled with newfound energy, his eyes burned with unquenchable fire, and his heart pounded with a thunderous rhythm. His pride, his unyielding belief in himself, had been amplified a hundredfold, transforming him into a vessel of pure, focused power!

With everything that happened to Felix in his journey, his pride had been cultivated naturally to the point, he believed himself to be capable of even slaying those beings.

This helped him achieve this unimaginable temporary strength boost.

'This should do it.' Felix beamed his CosmosBreaker and used the void suit to coat it as well, leaving only the tip of the blade in the open.

With its immense resistance to destruction, he knew that it would survive a decent period before the void power source would get to it for real.

Felix lifted the axe and pointed it at Wendigo, then he challenged him while his body seemed to be covered in a pressuring aura, "Your boyfriend is right behind me, free him if you dare."