Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1372 Wendigo Vs Felix

Wendigo didn't respond to his taunt... He remained calm and analyzed the situation.

'This brat can‘t be underestimated, he must have dealt with Manananggal on his own since neither Thor nor Jormungandr had made an appearance all this while.‘

'Did those bastards die in the past for real and their wisps are the only thing existing right now?'

The darkins might not have had any proof of this before, but they always had doubts about the Asgardians' life status.

The fact that their battle with their student had lasted for decades and yet, they never bothered to show themselves had always made them more inclined to believe it.

Now, he would be a fool to believe that those two were still alive when they didn‘t bother to show themselves even in this critical moment.

While this news was somewhat music to his ears, it also implied the horrifying truth that their brother had been taken care of in a 1vsl battle by a mere newly ascended deity!

'What's the deal with that creature, how can it wield the laws of sins and void at the same time? Don't tell me, it's the reincarnation of the paragon of sins?‘ Wendigo thought to himself as he eyed Nimo.

If Nimo didn‘t look quite stupid, he would have believed that he was the paragon of sins himself.

'There is only one way to find out about his nature.‘ Without. an ounce of hesitation, Wendigo released his spiritual pressure on Nimo.

Felix merely snickered and watched as the spiritual pressure collided with Nimo.

Eee Eee?

'It can't be...'

When Wendigo saw that his powerful spiritual pressure didn't even tickle Nimo or force him to bring out his own as protection, he couldn't help but feel chills coursing down his spine.

Fortunately, he didn't suffer from a backlash, which made him understand that Nimo's spiritual pressure was just slightly higher than his.

'He isn't a unigin, but how can he have spiritual pressure rivaling primogenitors? Is he a new unique void creature?‘

Wendigo's mind was filled with more questions than answers. Alas, Felix wasn't planning to clarify any of them or give him time to wonder.

Whoosh!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix dashed in the direction of Wendigo, appearing in front of him in less than a split second.

With an icy expression, he swung the CosmosBreaker, his muscles straining with the effort.

"Too fast! Can't dodge it!‘

The Divine weapon moved through the void, meeting Wendigo's form, cleaving through his shadowy figure, splitting him in twain!

Yet the victory was momentary. The two halves of Wendigo, instead of falling lifeless, began to seethe and bubble, dark matter ceiling and twisting within.

And then, with a shudder that echoed through the void, the two halves vanished, only to re—emerge at another location, stitching back together into a whole, a shadowy specter of Wendigo once again, his figure as intimidating and ominous as before!

'How can he be so strong?! Is it because of the pride symbol?‘

Wendigo knew that Felix was a newly ascended deity, which meant he had only one million BF.

However, the force and speed displayed in his attack were far from that. In fact, it could be said to have even surpassed him!

"We are just starting."

Felix appeared akin to a ghost in front of him again and this time, he channeled concept erasure palm through his axe and amplified its prowess to the next level.

Wendigo did not dare to get himself touched by it as he swiftly relocated himself far away again, causing Felix to keep chasing him down.

With his evil vision, Wendigo could never use the guise of darkness to escape from him unless he teleported himself millions of kilometers away.

'Umbra Cascade.'

When Wendigo noticed Felix on his tail, he decided to go on offense as he released a torrent of darkness that engulfed everything in its path.

Since the void realm was already as dark as a moonless night, it did not seem like he had released anything, causing Felix to get engulfed within it.

'Umbra entrapment.‘

The moment he was caught, Wendigo activated the second part of his attack, causing Felix to get assaulted by multiple fear-inducing mental attacks.

'Argh...‘

Felix felt like his brain was under a constant barrage as his mental defenses might be able to stop the attacks from achieving their end goal, but the attacks made him feel like he was being assaulted by a Sledgehammer!

But, Wendigo was not done yet.

In the midst of their enthralling battle, Wendigo suddenly drew back, his form becoming a looming silhouette against the void.

Dark energy swirled around him, condensing and gaining intensity as he focused his power. "Enough of this dance," his voice echoed eerily throughout the void,

"Behold the might of the abyss!"

And then, in a split second, he released the built-up energy!!

The Dark Matter Nova erupted from him like a newborn star, the sheer force of the blast released not an ounce of light particle, but its destructiveness was even more powerful than a hundred nukes going off!!

The ominous, pitch-black wave of power source pulsed outwards, engulfing everything in its path and casting the void into deeper obscurity!

This calamitous burst of power, a dark sun casting a terrifying shadow on the realm of the void.

The wave crashed over Felix, the harsh dark energy attempting to tear at his defenses. But, Felix didn't let it be.

'Expand!!'

He enlarged the concept. destruction power source to cover his entire body after marking dark matter.

This allowed him to emerge safe after the explosion settled down.

Before Wendigo could react to his useless attack against Felix's overpowered defenses, he was forced into swiftly evading an incoming flying dark—purple needle that was covered in a crimson mist!

He did not know what it was and his instincts screamed at him to avoid it at all costs.

'As expected, it will be difficult to hit him with nine steps of damnation this directly.‘ Felix retracted his finger at the sight, not planning to use this attack again.

He had already mastered Jormungandr's most powerful offensive ability, Nine Steps of Damnation, which would have allowed him to poison Wendigo's soul and even control it to his desire!

Alas, even the tiniest needle to deliver this potent poison was easily dodgeable if there was no proper build—up.

Fighting in the void realm was just as much annoying to Felix as it enforced him to cover his elemental abilities in concept destruction power source to keep them safe.

Eee Eee!

Suddenly, Nimo made his own move after noticing that Felix was struggling to land a hit on the slippery Wendigo.

'What the hell?!‘ Wendigo's expression turned pale as he suddenly realized that the void power source around him was growing more and more potent by the millisecond!

His darkness barriers were falling faster than his own thoughts, forcing him to do nothing but keep creating new ones!

Nimo might not be as great as his alter ego, but he could definitely make Wendigo's life hell in his own realm!

'Good one, Nimo!' Felix grinned coldly and took advantage of Wendigo's inability to jump around.

In an almost casual movement, he reared his arm back, the imposing form of Cosmosbreaker glinting with a deadly aura — its blade was covered in a dangerous layer of soul poison!

The blade pulsated with a ghastly light, its poison threatening to corrode the very essence of life.

With a sudden forward thrust, he hurled Cosmosbreaker toward Wendigo, the weapon cutting through the void like a comet!

Its path was unerring, the blade aimed directly at Wendigo's heart.

The silence of the void was broken only by the lethal hum of the poison—covered blade slicing through nothingness!!

Wendigo watched as a death in the form of the poisoned blade rapidly approached.

He showed no fear; only cold, calculating eyes that saw through the deadly intent.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In the final fraction of a moment, Wendigo invoked his most trusted escape ability, Darkness Relocation!