1374 The Day of Judgement. I

When Nimo caught up to Felix, a rare gentle smile was seen playing on his lips. He picked up Nimo, his stern facade softening into a more congenial one, one that Nimo had been familiar with in their quieter, peaceful moments.

"Good job, Nimo, " Felix said, his voice warm with praise.

He extended his hand, not for a warrior's clasp but for a more affectionate gesture. His fingers sank into Nimo's thick fur, gently moving in rhythmic patterns that spelled out the universally loved act - belly rubs.

Eee Eee!

Nimo's eyes glowed with the soft pleasure, his previously stalwart stance slackening as he reveled in the affectionate reward.

He let out a low, contented purr, the tensions of the recent battle ebbing away under Felix's gentle ministrations.

The void realm around them, previously a battlefield riddled with heavy tension and high stakes, now felt more like a serene starless night.

After showering him with some deserving love, he packed up and took off into the darkness, knowing that it was possible for Wendigo to return again.

Unbeknownst to him, Lord Dune had left the moment he was done with his end of the bargain, leaving Wendigo strapped on the matter universe while his partner was still inside.

Recognizing that it would too difficult for him to hold two primogenitors at once, Wendigo informed his partner.

'the mission is off, I have failed to save Manananggal.'

'What do you mean?!‘ Saurous wasn‘t pleased in the slightest by the news.

Here he was being forced into defense to buy time for his partner, just for him to fail in less than a minute.

'I will explain later, you have to leave now. They can surround you from four sides and with that monster on their side, I can't guarantee your survival.‘ Wendigo warned with a somewhat fearful tone as he envisioned Nimo's appearance.

'...Fine.'

While Saurous had no clue what. he was talking about, he still complied with his partners' wishes, knowing that he would never behave like this if it wasn‘t serious.

"This isn't over, we will keep coming at you again and again until you free our brother." Saurous left a cold threat behind as he launched his ultimate ability, causing both Fenrir and Lady Sphinx to put a significant distance between each other.

"Too bad, you don't have such luxury." Fenrir sneered as he watched Saurous disappear into the depth of his black hole.

He understood that the darkins believed that their plan was to keep their partner sealed inside the void realm, which implied giving them all the time in the universe to save him.

Alas, they had no clue that Felix was getting closer and closer to putting an end to their brother's life...

...

Sometime later...

Wendigo and Saurous had grouped up on the matter universe on an isolated planet. Wendigo had already told him about what happened during his chase, which left Saurous somewhat stunned.

"He even blocked your ultimate ability? Most primogenitors can't do that." Saurous expressed with a deep frown, not liking this development one bit.

"His strength and wicked powers give off the paragon of sins' vibes, but his entire identity isn't even close to the real one." Wendigo disclosed, "I don't know what the hell is that thing and I really don‘t desire to be near it ever again in the void realm."

"Tough luck, if we desire to save Manananggal, we have to find a way to deal with it." Saurous sighed in frustration, having no idea how things developed this terribly.

"How about we visit the paragon of sins? That demon referred to her as his mother, which means there is a high chance of her being awake." Wendigo narrowed his eyes coldly, "We can tell her about this new copy of hers and see her reaction. "

"There is a massive chance it might backfire on us, but at this point, we are really running out of options."

Saurous found his plan to be too dangerous as it was known that the paragon was unhinged and she might start her day by getting rid of them first.

But, there was not much to be done as they could not afford another deal with Lord Dune and the other primogenitors had rejected them. '

"Let's think of a different plan on the way."

Still, both of them took off toward the darkness well, knowing that beggars can't be choosers.

...

On the other side, Felix had regrouped with Lady Sphinx and Fenrir...

Felix and Lady Sphinx had been huddled over the complex holographic gene map for hours. The projections highlighted the numerous strands of Manananggal's DNA, each shimmering with potential — a labyrinth of genetic complexity that held the secret to his true immortality.

Lady Sphinx, her truth eyes scanning the intricate network, suddenly froze. Her eyes flickered with the sharp glint of recognition, and she pointed at a particular strand.

"Here. This is it," she said, her voice steady with certainty. "The cluster that will kick off the least destructive chain of genes connected to true immortality's cluster."

Felix studied the gene she indicated, his brow furrowing. lie was silent for a moment before turning to Lady Sphinx, his eyes meeting hers with grave intensity. "Are you certain we can do this without...?"

"Killing him?" Lady Sphinx finished, understanding the gravity of Felix's hesitation. "Yes. But it won't be without consequences. Erasing this gene cluster will cripple him, severely. He will lose functions, his strength will diminish, and he'll be reduced to a shadow of his former self. He might even lose half of his brain's functions and be a vegetable.‘

"But, he won't die." Felix smiled coldly, "Which is all I need."

Felix looked back at the genetic blueprint, his heart pounding in his chest...Then, he turned to his master and Felix nodded, giving Lady Sphinx the affirmation she needed.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

And so, they began their meticulous work, the grim resolution on their faces mirroring the gravity of the task at hand.

With the gene cluster of interest pinpointed, Felix and Lady Sphinx began their meticulous task.

Felix's finger, glowing with crimson energy, traced along the glowing strand. As he touched the critical sequence, it flared brightly before starting to disintegrate.

It was as though a fuse had been lit, with the fire spreading down the entire sequence, igniting the connected strands in a cascade of genetic destruction!

Lady Sphinx stepped in, her sand abilities morphing into microscopic granules that acted as scalpels, cutting through the genomic linkages, further isolating the 'immortality sequence.'

With each incision, the chain reaction grew, spreading throughout the genetic structure, and severing the strands related to Manananggal's immortality!

Their combined powers worked in harmony, a master and a student, systematically annihilating the complex sequence that was Manananggal's bane and boon.

The ethereal glow of the DNA hologram flickered, disrupted by the destruction happening within.

As the final strand of the immortality gene sequence disintegrated, the effects on Manananggal's physical form were swift and catastrophic.

'His body is falling apart, are you sure about. this?' Asna asked, seemingly concerned at the state of Manananggal's body.

As the final strand of the immortality gene sequence disintegrated, the effects on Manananggal's physical form were swift and catastrophic.

His once—impenetrable skin, the embodiment of immortal vitality, faded from its original vibrant hue to a dull, sallow pallor like parchment long forgotten.

It shriveled, clinging tightly to his bones, the underlying musculature having melted away, leaving his figure a mere shadow of its former self.

His once formidable physique, strong with centuries of accrued strength, seemed to evaporate before their eyes.

The muscles that had once been cords of steel underneath his skin dissolved, his sinews shrinking and losing their density.

His broad shoulders drooped, his once bulging arms and solid chest became thin and skeletal, his body reminiscent of a gnarled, ancient tree stripped bare in the heart of winter.

His eyes, once fiery and full of malevolent vitality, dimmed, becoming vacant.

The sheen of his hair faded, turning to a frail silver—white, falling around his gaunt face like a ghostly shroud.

His teeth, once sharp and threatening, crumbled in his mouth, leaving his gums a barren wasteland.

The sight was horrifying, resembling a live zombification of a once respected and feared deity...

Manananggal had no idea about any of this as his mind was trapped in another universe...A universe, he wished nothing but to escape from.

Though, one could only wonder how would he behave if he woke up and realized that his timeless reign had reached its end...

"It's done..."

"We did it."

Felix and Lady Sphinx looked at each other, their faces reflecting a mixture of triumph and solemn realization of what this implied...The first primogenitor to die in a real fight was going to be the one considered unkillable by the entire populace.

"The irony of this situation is hard to fly by anyone's head." Thor uttered, gulping a big mouthful of alcohol at the sight of his once hateful nemesis being turned into an empty husk...

"Are you going to do it now or stick to the plan?" Asna asked, her eyes focusing on her lover.

"I have had my revenge, but justice can be served only when it's done in public." Felix stated with a firm tone, "Manananggal's execution will be a public event and all the aggrieved parties who suffered under him will be served their closure once and for all..."

While Earth was blown out and more than forty billion lives had been ended in an instant, those forty billion had connections to many other people outside of the planet.

Felix always wanted to give them their rightful closure by ending the life of the culprit right in front of them...It was the least he could do.

Without further ado, he got outside of the void realm with his party and requested with a earnest expression. "Queen, please turn on the stream and make sure to share it as an emergency, overriding all active streams at the moment."