Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1375 The Day of Judgement. II

The moment Queen Ai did as he ordered, the entire universe was turned into a platform for Manananggal's execution.

Besides the private streams, all screens across the UVR and the real world began showing Felix and the disturbing husk of Manananggal, kneeling in front of him.

Felix used his illusion domain to create the perfect execution stage in outer space. It was a bloody throne and Manananggal was chained to it, making everyone

questing what their eyes were feeding them.

[What's the grand supreme doing? And who is that skeleton?]

[Wow, is that really an execution stage? What did that poor thing do to anger our lord?]

[Landlord!! I love you!!]

The stream chats across the entire universe were packed with mixed comments, but the majority were focusing on the identity of Manananggal.

In fact, even if Manananggal wasn't looking like a zombie, almost everyone would still not recognize him as primogenitors' identities were kept secret at all costs.

But, the same reaction didn't occur in the primogenitors and the inner circle councils.

"What the...ls that really Malia?" Kumiho covered her mouth in shock.

"They actually caught him? What have they done to him? Why didn't he kill himself already?" Erebus fixed his posture into a serious one.

He knew that Manananggal was an irritating opponent due to his ability to blow his soul and start fresh again, and no one could take it away from him.

Yet, here he was, before all of his peers and the mortals he despised, appearing as worthless as a fugitive living in a sewer.

"Looks like the grand supreme is finally going to get his revenge...Though, doesn't he know that killing him will be doing him a favor? It can't be.." King Treznor commentated as he watched the stream with the rest of the inner circle leaders.

"Maybe he is doing this to humiliate him?"

"Most likely. "

All the inner circle leaders nodded in agreement.

Before they could continue their discussion, Felix opened his mouth, his voice, deep and steady, echoed not just within the chamber but in countless homes, taverns,and public spaces.

"Good evening, citizens. Tonight marks a turning point in my long fight against tyranny and evil."

The bracelet projected a live image of Manananggal, his frail body barely visible in the dim lighting, chained to the once majestic throne now covered in crimson stains.

The once mighty deity was now reduced to a hollow shell, his grim image a stark contrast to his former invincibility.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"A lot of you won't recognize him, but this Fiend's name has spelled doom, death, and despair for innumerable lives...But tonight, justice will be served."

Felix began listing Manananggal's heinous crimes, his words painting a chilling picture of the monstrosities committed.

"He is the culprit behind the destruction of my home planet, the death of tens of billions of lives, and most importantly, the start of the war between the void nation and the three allied races, which almost ended with their extinction...Even worse, he has been known for cannibalism of fetuses." Felix paused, letting the weight of each crime sink in amongst the silent listeners.

When everyone heard the last part, shivers coursed down their spines.

Everyone was used to wars, fights, deaths, and such, but when it came to eating fetuses? Even the most hardcore of them all couldn't help but feel their hearts set ablaze!

"BASTARD!!"

Meanwhile, Saurous and Wendigo were left absolutely fuming after seeing how their brother's name was being soiled in public and before no other than petty mortals and their peers.

"Relax...He can curse him as much as he wants as long as he kills him." Wendigo said coldly.

While this situation was humiliating, he would rather have this way than seek plans to rescue their partner from the belly of the void realm.

Plus, he knew that even if they wanted to rescue him right now, it would be impossible without Lord Osiris or Lord Loki‘s belp...Even Lord Dune wouldn't be helpful'

since Felix‘s spatial tracks were left in the depth of the void realm and they had no clue about its initial location.

So, they could only sit tight and watch the situation unfold.

"And now," Felix said, turning his steely gaze back to the figure chained to the throne. "In front of trillions of witnesses, justice will not be denied. Let his downfall serve as a stern reminder that no one, not even the seemingly immortal, is beyond the reach of karma."

He reached out, and the bracelet zoomed in on the figure of Manananggal, capturing every twitch, every shudder of the once great terror.

Felix had finally awakened him from his everlasting nightmare as he did not want to execute him without him knowing about it.

As Manananggal opened his eyes slowly, the darkins, the primogenitors, and even the inner circle leaders were left stunned.

"Is he crazy?"

"He will kill himself at the first second and take him too!"

"What is he up to?"

All of them believed that the instant Manananggal regain his consciousness, he would blow his soul and take Felix with him.

Alas, what happened next changed their entire assumption...

Manananggal's eyes snapped open to reveal dilated pupils that darted frantically about, struggling to take in his surroundings.

'Where am I? Is this another new cycle? What else did he plan for me? Why is my body so weak?"

Manananggal felt an immediate sense of horror coursing through him...His surroundings were unfamiliar while his body seemed to have been made out of chopsticks.

When he saw Felix standing in front of him, he actually felt relieved...Relieved that his imprisoner had finally decided to show up. But, his anger still had taken the best of him.

"I spent three million years inside that cursed castle." Manananggal gritted what remained of his teeth. "Why did you show up? Are you planning to change the torture method? If so, do it quickly and f*ck off."

While his voice sounded husky and almost inaudible like he had no energy to speak, it still caused the viewers to either be left confused or stunned.

Three million years? Torture? No one knew what. he was talking about, not even his partners, which made him seem like a madman who had lost his mind.

"No more torture, it's time for you to join the universe as cosmic dust. " Felix uttered calmly while he was lifting his magnificent Cosmosbreaker axe above Manananggal's head.

The shimmering sharp blade was covered in crimson mist as Felix had no plans to send Manananggal into the spirit realm.

"What are you doing? Cough! Cough!"

Suddenly, Manananggal's vision became blurry as he coughed a great quantity of black blood into the ground.

"What did you do to me..." He muttered, his muddled eyes focused on the sickly-looking black blood.

When he looked deeply into it, it finally dawned upon him that he could not feel his immense life force and longevity in it.

It was like the blood of a three days dead cow, something that should have never been associated with the blood primogenitor.

"I have just removed your most trusted source of confidence." Felix shared with an indifferenl. tone. "You are no longer immortal."

"You‘re lying... This is another illusion, no one can take away my immortality, no one!"

The more Manananggal tried to scream, the lower and huskier his voice had gotten like his own throat could not support such effort.

"Believe as you will, but tell me this." Felix asked calmly, "Do you wish to bestow your blood manipulation upon me to preserve it?"

While it sounded shameless to ask for one's manipulation while being his executioner, Felix really wanted to take it to preserve it.

He had no intentions of keeping it on him as he planned on passing it over to his friends or someone worthy of it.

He had only one last spot for a perfect manipulation and he had no intentions of using it for blood element.

Fortunately, he was not even put in such a position in the first place as Manananggal sneered coldly in his face, "I knew it, this is a ploy to take my manipulation from me, which will truly removes my immort..."

"Goodbye."

Slice!