1377 A New Partnership.

After spending days venting their anguish and anger on anything in sight, the darkins had finally put an end to it.

"What do we do now...we have lost the council's support, we have antagonized Lord Khaos, and now we have lost our brother...Everything is going to sh*t." Wendigo muttered, his desolate eyes were seen affixed on the eternal darkness before him, his work of art.

"Everything started going to sh*t the moment we met that wretch." Saurous uttered coldly, "I don't care what happens to me, I am not going to settle down until I make sure the last strand of his soul is extinguished."

The death of their brother had established an eternal enmity between the parties and nothing said or done was ever going to change it.

Felix had no issues with this as he had no intentions of dropping his revenge plans anytime soon.

Whoosh!!

"Whose there!"

Out of the chaotic storm of cosmic annihilation, a figure of singular power emerged.

Lucifer, draped in robes of shifting crimson shadows, seemed to glide through the void...llis eyes, cosmic orbs of gold, held an ethereal gleam as they settled on the grieving Darkins.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"You... How?"

The darkins retracted their aggression as it was replaced by stunned looks at the sight of Lucifer, alive and breathing.

When they witnessed how Felix had eliminated Lucifer using totality collapse, they were 100% certain that he was dead, dead...That ability was simply too destructive and even the demon lord should not be able to survive it.

Yet, here he was.

"Saurous, Wendigo," his voice echoed through the emptiness, a soothing balm against the relentless backdrop of their rage—induced destruction.

He extended his hand, palm upward, and a brilliant glow sparked into existence, casting a surreal illumination over the desolate light of galaxies. "My condolences for your loss. Manananggal was a formidable being and he didn't deserve to go out in that shameful manner."

Before they could respond, he declared with a cold stare, filled with unhindered hatred that commanded their attention. "I am offering you my alliance, your pain is your fuel, but your rage blinds you. You seek revenge, and I have the means to grant it."

With everything that Lucifer had watched, he. realized that ambushing Felix at his weakest moment wasn't a viable option any longer.

If he kept waiting and bidding his time, the remaining darkins could get eliminated and he would be truly left all alone against him and his faction.

"Alliance? You have the means to grant it?" Saurous scoffed, "Bold words from someone who got eliminated without. even touching that brat's hair strand."

Lucifer wasn't too pleased with his provocative statement, but he didn‘t argue back with him on it.

"I agree, I have shown a shameful performance when I fought him, and I won't make any excuses for it." Lucifer stated, "But, I have returned stronger than ever and geared with tools to both resist his illusion abilities and end his reign."

"Illusion abilities... He must have really put our brother in an illusion domain." Wendigo frowned... Their assumption was finally confirmed and this didn't please them one bit.

They knew that their fate would have been the same or even worse if they were caught inside the illusion domain without knowing about it.

"Our brother had no chance at all against him...Curse that bastard Lord Loki, how can he give up on his f*king domain so easily?!"

In the end, both of them switched their anger to Lord Loki, knowing that an elemental lord of his status should cherish his domain more than anything.

For him to hand it out so easily made them extremely pissed off.

"Don't get sidetracked, our target is Felix and only Felix." Lucifer narrowed his eyes coldly.

"Our? Don't lump us with you just yet." Saurous sneered. "First, tell us everything we need to know about your supposed mother and your true motive from that rogue. Then, we will consider whether to work with you or not."

"I thought you would ask that."

Lucifer created a throne from evil energy and sat on it before them...Then, he confessed everything without holding back, knowing that primogenitors could detect ‘5 lies from miles away.

When he was done explaining his situation, the darkins didn't know how to react

'Other half? Ascension? Demon God? Does he think we are in a video game or a novel?‘ Saurous looked at his partner, seeking help to believe this lunatic.

'He doesn't seem to be lying, so he might be either on to something, or he is just delusional.' Wendigo knitted his eyebrows, 'Though if his mother was really the paragon of sins and she is responsible for his 'mission', then as peculiar as it sounds, we know how strange unigins are.'

'Mmmm.‘ Saurous looked back at Lucifer and asked with a solemn tone, "As much as you claim yourself to be out of use, I don't think so. But, you can help us convince your mother to give us a hand. At least, to take care of her void creature."

'Void creature? He must be talking about that raccoon.'

Nimo's cute image surfaced in Lucifer's mind immediately.

Since he couldn't enter the void realm or remain in it for a prolonged period without his mother being around, he wasn't able to follow Felix and the darkins inside and watch their battle.

But, he was still able to guess what happened as he had experienced Nimo's prowess personally and knew that he could be considered a primogenitor too. Unfortunately, his response had disappointed them.

"That's not happening, my mother was forced into slumber after using her powers to revive me." Lucifer shook his head, "It's doubtful if she will wake up anytime soon."

"Sh*t."

"..."

Saurous and Wendigo wanted him to be lying so badly, but there wasn't an ounce of deceit. This caused their original plan of seeking the l'aragon's help to go up to flames before they could even cross half the distance.

"Like it or not, I am your only ally in the entire universe and it will be truly foolish of you to reject my proposal because of your pride." Lucifer disclosed, his eyes glinting with unspoken promises, his aura radiating an unyielding resolve. "Take my hand and we will deliver a blow that will shake the universe to its very core, and Felix shall learn the true meaning of despair."

Saurous and Wendigo looked at each other in silence for a few seconds... Then, both of them dropped most of their guard and said simultaneously, "'What do you have in mind?"

They knew that he was right...Their options were too limited and they were already outnumbered, making them incapable of turning hack free help.

"We'll lay low and stay low until the SGAlliance conquers the seven demon realms and turn it into one of its esteem territories," Lucifer smiled coldly, "Then, we'll strike everyone indiscriminately until their leader will have no choice but to get smoked outside."

"..."

"..."

The plan was neither unique, smart nor out of the box. Yet, the darkins knew that there weren't many options to bait out Felix.

Using his people was always the fastest and easiest method...The only downside was angering even the other primogenitors since they would be attacking the alliance for real and there was no way the primogenitors would sit and watch.

"If we angered the entire council, even if we killed that bastard and his faction, we'll have no place in the entire universe." Wendigo frowned, "It's nothing different than a death sentence."

As much as they wanted to avenge their brother and kill Felix, they weren't foolish to aggravate tens of primogenitors at once...Their previous plan was to kidnap the troops to bait out Felix and leave them at peace, which should have irritated the primogenitors but not pushed them to make a move.

"Then, let me handle it." Lucifer offered with a faint cold smile, "No one knows we work together."

Saurous and Wendigo traded glances and chilling grins couldn't help but blossom on their lips, an acknowledgment of their agreement.

****

A couple of days later...

"Anything?"

"Nope, I already told you that they have taken their bracelets off." Lord Loki answered while placing a card on the table.

"That's disappointing, I thought they will be making a big fuss to find me." Felix shook his head.

Felix had found out about the utter destruction left behind by the darkins during their venting process, but this was not what he wanted.

He knew that their brother's death would take a toll on them and give rise to them to seek him out. for vengeance.

He even left behind him clues of his location to bait them while they're at their most vulnerable state.

Yet days went by and nothing of such happened... He did not even receive a curse from them, which honestly had risen some questions in his mind.

"Just keep your guard up, they won't let this slide and it's clear that they're in control of their emotions, so they will come at you harder than ever." Thor advised with a earnest tone.

"I understand." Felix cracked his neck with a faint cold smirk, "They can wait all they want, but time isn't in their favor..."

"You finally planning to prepare for the origin realm?" Asna asked.

"It‘s best to start early." Felix switched his tone to a grave one, "I am trying to go for a natural breakthrough, sol have no idea how much will take me to achieve it if it was even possible to pull it off."