Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Felix understood that breaking through the origin realm in a natural fashion was a different beast entirely. °

He had seen what happened to Noah when he wanted to give it a try...He didn't just fail, he was absolutely smashed in the first seconds, which forced Fenrir into intervening and gaining control over his wild bloodline.

"Noah managed to fight against 1% or 2% of Fenrir's bloodline separately until he finished the entire devouring process.

Meanwhile, Olivia received Lady Yggdrasil's extra help as she pushed only 0.5% of her bloodline at her, which was the reason she got a bit weaker benefits than Noah." Felix muttered to himself. "1% to 100% is a massive jump."

Even those low percentages were close enough to send Noah and Olivia to their maker. The notion of devouring an entire 100% without any assistance truly seemed like an unclimbable mountain.

"Let's see what I am dealing with."

Felix gave Queen Ai the appropriate data to replicate the origin realm breakthrough and make sure it was as close as possible to the real world.

Since no one besides Noah had attempted to do this, the data given wasn't really that accurate, but it should be enough to create a similar experience.

Obviously, Queen Ai's processing power was enough to account for Felix having only primogenitors' bloodlines in his system.

"You may begin."

"Mmmm..."

Felix sat cross—legged on the floor, his eyes shut in concentration...I-Iis hands were clasped tightly in front of him as he focused all his will to do something he was preparing his entire life for, unleashing a war on his foreign bloodline and taking control back.

The moment Felix released his aggression on Lord Loki‘s bloodline, making it as clear as day that he wanted to dominate and devour its existence, the peaceful bloodline seemed to have been awakened akin to a slumbering dragon!

KA—THUMBI!I

All of Felix's active five hearts sent a singular thundering beat simultaneously after Lord Loki's bloodline began its retaliation!

With that, the war in Felix's veins was launched.

The 1% human bloodline within him, having been empowered by the contributions of six Primogenitor bloodlines, surged forth like an unstoppable tide, attempting to consume the overwhelming presence of Lord Loki's bloodline that constituted 99% of his system.

Urghhhhl!l

A tormented groan escaped Felix‘s lips as he felt his insides churn, his body wracked by the internal struggle.

He felt the slow, creeping spread of his human bloodline, each cell it devoured resonating with victorious defiance!

"He is doing a hundred times much better than your boy." Thor addressed Fenrir as he watched Lord Loki's bloodline getting eaten rapidly, "Having six primogenitors' bloodlines on his back sure made a huge difference."

Alas, it was still a 1% vs 99%...

The moment the tide crested at 20%, a sudden, agonizing pain ripped through Felix's body, causing him to fall on his back and let‘ out a primal scream that reverberated through the empty room!

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

A scream he almost never released even after all the crappy integrations he went through.

His body started convulsing, the room shaking in response to the raw, unchecked power surging within him.

Just as quickly as it had begun, it stopped...

Felix's body went limp, collapsing onto the floor as if his strings had been cut.

His form shimmered, and then, with a squelching sound, it seemed to melt away, collapsing into a grotesque pool of flesh and blood...

II..."

"In"

[In-H Asna and the tenants were left staring at what became of Felix with stunned expressions, their smiles from before frozen in their faces.

His death happened so fast, so quickly, they weren‘t even given the time to process it thoroughly.

Sometime later...

Felix was returned to his original seated position. His expression was grim and unamused.

His first attempt to break through the origin realm had ended in catastrophic defeat and the worst part, he didn't even know what happened!

"I don't get it...The pain was like an angry ocean, but I felt like I could still sail through it and reach the shore." Felix frowned, "What the hell happened?"

"We don‘t know as well." Asna shook her head, "You were doing fine until you reached 20%. Then, you just instantly collapsed on yourself without even giving us the chance to react."

"Is this related to the lack of data given to Queen Ai, making her incapable of calculating an accurate representation of the process?" Jormungandr guessed.

"Nope." Lord Loki defended his precious daughter. "My little girl will never create a random simulation out of her head without first informing you about it. If she had insufficient data to create the process, you would have known."

"So, this is really how it's going to end for Felix if he dared to go for a natural breakthrough?" Asna felt chills creep down her spine.

She never feared the origin realm breakthrough since it could be interfered with by them and help Felix if the process seemed to have derailed from its rightful path.

She was more scared about normal integrations than this...But now? She finally realized how dire the situation was.

"This is quite bad." Thor said with a stern tone, "We didn't even know what went wrong before you died, which means if you did °

this for real and we couldn't recognize a serious danger to you, you will end up dead for real right in front of our eyes."

Felix always knew that doing a natural breakthrough wasn't going to be a walk in the park, which was the reason he didn't desire to prolong his battle with the darkins until he made it happen.

It wasn't certain and he feared that he would end up dead in the process before he could even avenge his loved ones.

Now, he realized that he made the right decision as the breakthrough was even more complicated than he assumed.

"There are too many questions that need to be solved before you can attempt this for real." Lady Sphinx said calmly, "Why did you fly through 20% and then instantly died? Is that something like a hard wall? If it was as such, is there more at 40%? 60%? and even 100%? Will the difficulty increase explosively after each wall?"

"Most importantly, why are there even walls? The universe does not do anything without a reason, so for such a thing to exist, it means that that end reward will be much more than we anticipated."

Lady Sphinx's questions were all within reason and explained the situation perfectly.

When other bloodliners attempt the breakthrough, they have it hard from the start to the finish. In the case of Noah and Olivia,their masters made controlled the tempo of the process to their comfort limit.

Now, the process seemed to have evolved in a different direction with another condition introduced.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Walls...How do I exactly breakthrough those walls? I doubt it's pain or will related." Felix wondered, his eyes reflecting turmoil within him.

If it was either pain or will-related, Felix knew that he would have passed through the 20% with flying colors.

In the eyes of other bloodliners, he was the readiest for the breakthrough as his will was ironed through hundreds of life and death battles.

"There is only one way to find out...Repetitive tests." Lady Sphinx said, causing Felix's skin to have goosebumps coursing through it.

"Isn't that a bit too much?"

Even Asna, the previous number-one fan of watching Felix in pain, did not like the sound of her suggestion.

"In this case, he has only three options. Toughen through the torture and find out the mystery, give up on a natural breakthrough and receive Lord Loki's help, or jump straight into the real thing and force the breakthrough." Lady Sphinx disclosed.

"I will do it...Sigh, even as a deity, I have to get tortured, when will this ends?" Felix's eyes could be seen getting somewhat watery as he truly had enough of this sadistic cultivation system.

He knew that he could always throw the white towel and receive Lord Loki's help, securing the breakthrough 100% and in an instant.

But, Felix would never forgive himself for doing this as he did not go through so much to reach the touchline and then cheat his way up.

As for doing it for real, hoping for maybe a different result, he was not that foolish to threw his life into the spirit realm this early.

Without further ado, Felix toughened up and restarted the breakthrough from the beginning, but this time, his mind was occupied on the 20% wall and he ended up failing to even devour the first 5%...

So, he fixed his mistake and went for it again after a short break...Unfortunately, the moment he reached 20%, the same thing happened against his will...His body fell through akin to a house of cards.

"This'sn‘t working, I have to be there and study what happens on a cellular level when you reach 20%." Lady Sphinx said, sending one of her clones to Felix's UVR room.

When he heard this, Felix wanted to cry but had no tears.

'Why can not anything be easy and simple?'