Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1379 No Other Alternatives...

In the heart of Lady Sphinx's Laboratory, Lady Sphinx examined the string of vibrant lights representing FeliX's DNA as it struggled for dominance during the origin realm breakthrough.

Monitors hummed, casting an eerie blue light onto her face as she watched the brutal war taking place on a microscopic level.

Felix's human bloodline, amplified by the power of six primogenitor bloodlines, was engaging in a fierce battle against the dominant 99% of his genetic makeup.

The fierce red strands of Felix's empowered human bloodline were seeping into the icy blue strands of Lord Loki's genes,attempting to devour them.

Her sharp eyes didn't miss a single fluctuation as she analyzed every speck of movement within the genetic strands.

The battle waged on in favor of Felix till he had reached the cursed 20% threshold. Then, the scene within the genetic plane began to take a dark turn.

Suddenly, the icy blue strands of Lord Loki's bloodline retaliated fiercely, igniting a process Lady Sphinx recognized with growing shock.

"It's a mutual destruction event," she muttered to herself, "How is it even possible?"

She watched, powerless, as Lord Loki's intelligent genes, instead of succumbing to Felix's devouring power, triggered a self-destruct mechanism that forced both genetic strands to collapse together!!!

It was as if they'd decided to implode rather than allow themselves to be conquered!

The monitors wailed a high-pitched alarm as Felix's life signs flatlined. The glowing DNA model became a chaotic swirl of colors before it blinked out, leaving the laboratory bathed in darkness.

Lady Sphinx could only watch in stunned silence, a cold realization settling in her heart. They had underestimated Lord Loki's genes, no they had underestimated the intelligence of their own genetics.

'What an insidious defense mechanism,' she murmured, her mind racing to find a solution.

A few moments later, Felix was revived in his position...His body seemed in its peak form, but his mind was on the verge of tearing itself apart at the agonizing pain he went through repeatedly.

"So?" He asked while massaging his temples.

"I was wrong, it wasn't anything like walls placed down by the universe." Lady Sphinx shared with a solemn tone, "It's even worse,Lord Loki's genetics are intelligent enough to seek mutual destruction the moment they sense themselves to be in a losing battle."

"Sh*t...That's really the worst possible scenario." Thor commentated.

All of them understood immediately that Felix would be left with no choice but to request Lord Loki's help to stop the mutual destruction.

But doing this meant that breaking the natural breakthrough and everything would be for naught.

"Now what? Is there any solution to this?" Asna asked.

"Unfortunately, there isn't." Lady Sphinx shook her head, "If Felix wants to still go for a natural breakthrough, it means he has to completely devour and dominate Lord Loki's bloodline in the first second. This is possible only if Felix's spiritual pressure was one rank higher than Lord Loki's bloodline."

"One rank higher than an elemental lord...Doesn't that means I have to be a unigin before breaking through the origin realm?"

Felix was left stunned.

This really wasn't going on par with his plan...He always knew that the natural breakthrough was going to be difficult, but this was the next level.

"Are you sure about this? Isn't there any other solution? This can't be it?" Asna inquired with a concerned tone, knowing that Felix was having difficulty accepting this.

"If there was a different solution, I would have suggested it." Lady Sphinx stressed, "You can always go for an assisted breakthrough, there is no shame in it."

"I am starting to consider it...Sigh." Felix smiled wryly.

Felix could have acted like a child throwing tantrums and letting everyone know that he wouldn't break through without anyone's help, but this development had truly shattered all of his dreams and wishes.

Becoming a Unigin? It was foolish to even think of such a thing when he was barely considered a full-on primogenitor yet.

"Let's leave this for later, take some rest now." Thor advised, "There is no rush to make such a decision."

Felix nodded his head as he left the laboratory and returned to his house, where Asna was already waiting for him in the living room.

He sat next to her and stared at the ceiling with a thoughtful expression.

"What are you thinking about?" She asked as she placed her head next to his and stared at the ceiling as well.

"I have a strong feeling that if I missed the opportunity to go for a natural breakthrough, I will regret it for a lifetime." He said.

"Well, what else can be done? Sometimes, there are things that are just not meant to be." Asna sighed, her smooth hand caressing her lover's face.

She knew how hard this decision was for Felix to make as he always picked the best path for himself to get closer and closer to those beings.

This was one of those precious moments where he had to make the best choice for his future, but at the same time, he couldn't.

"There is no need to think about something we can't solve right now." Asna smiled charmingly, "Wanna go out to eat?"

"I can eat." Felix agreed.

There was not much to be done at the moment and Felix would rather not rush and kick off the origin breakthrough right away...Especially, when his mind was this distracted.

****

Sometime earlier, at the exact moment of the universal thunderclap when Felix decapitated Manananggal...

Rumble rumble...

The thunderclap was loud and noisy everywhere else, but the moment it reached the dimension of infinite possibilities, it resembled muffed-out fireworks...

This was the realm of celestial majesty that existed parallel to the mortal world, yet vastly different.

It was a realm ruled by nonother than the high and mighty Unigins.

Their eternal kingdom sprawled over a vast and timeless space, stretching to horizons that seem to merge with the cosmos itself.

As one stepped into this kingdom, they're greeted by a sight of sheer resplendence, a symphony of colors and energies that reflected the divine essence of the Unigins.

Lustrous buildings of crystalline structure sprawled across the realm, their surfaces etched with ancient symbols and cosmic runes, each reflecting the divine essence of the unigins who resided within.

The sky of the Eternal Kingdom was an infinite kaleidoscope, filled with iridescent clouds that shone with a myriad of colors,mirrored by the shimmering celestial bodies that punctuate the astral canvas.

It was a constant dance of cosmic radiance that illuminated the kingdom, bathing everything in a soft, ethereal glow.

At the heart of the kingdom stood the grand palace of the unigins, a structure of breathtaking beauty and grandeur.

RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

It was a monument of divine architecture, built from celestial materials and ordained with galaxies, the palace seemed to resonate with the very rhythm of creation itself.

The air of the Eternal Kingdom was imbued with an all-pervading peace, a composure that flew through everything and everyone.

It was a realm where the woes of the mortal world seem distant, reduced to mere whispers in the grand symphony of divine existence.

Yet, all residing unigins in this magnificent kingdom were alarmed by the miffed-out noise of the thunderclap.

When it was over, they returned to their daily routine, resembling a royal noble district, where only aristocrats resided.

While most unigins ignored the thunderclap, the same didn't apply to the organisms inside the grand palace...

"It is getting closer and closer..."

"Why do you sound surprised? This's your millionth cycle already..."

"Knowing it or not, it does not change the fact that it's coming to an end..."

"Well, it was one of the most interesting cycles so far, it's a shame it's coming to an end so soon."

A moment of silence took place.

"So, who wants to do the honor this time?"

"I'll take care of it...It's been a while since I have sent anything to the mortal world."

"Be gentle."

"Do not worry, he won't feel a thing...Kikiki..."