Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1382 A Myriad of Reactions!

"Sure, I am also interested in seeing how this film will end." Lord Loki said, his smile stretching from ear to ear.

Felix and Asna's death affected almost everyone in the consciousness space but Lord Loki...He was here for the sake of his entertainment, nothing more, nothing less.

"Fenrir, freeze him, we will need his body in case we found a way to snatch his soul back." Lady Sphinx requested.

Fenrir did as he was told and Lady Sphinx took Felix's corpse with her to the witch empire, uncaring about the chaos that arose in the SGAlliance.

The moment Felix passed away and Queen Ai had deemed his soul to be gone, she released a private announcement to the inner circle leaders.

All of them reacted in a similar fashion...Shock and disbelief.

Even though the news came from the most credible source, it didn‘t make it any easier for them to believe it.

"King Maxwell is dead? What kind of sick joke is this?! "

Reading the words, King Treznor‘s golden eyes widened in shock, the pupils constricting into thin slits...His body stiffened, and a low growl, so deep it was more a vibration in the air than a sound, echoed through the grand hall.

"Felix..." his voice rumbled, echoing off the stone walls.

Disbelief marred his fierce features, etching deep lines of confusion and dread.

The words didn't fit together. The reality didn‘t make sense. Not Felix, not the indestructible Grand Supreme.

Then, the disbelief quickly morphed into anger, hot and potent.

A sudden, guttural roar erupted from his chest, resounding through the halls and causing the very foundations of his castle to tremble.

His muscular frame shook with the force of his rage, and with a swift, uncontrolled motion, he slammed his fist into the throne.

The throne, a symbol of unbroken power and tradition, crumbled under the werewolf king's wrath.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Pieces of obsidian flew in all directions, and a cloud of dust rose from the destruction.

His roar still echoed in the room, filled with a mixture of fury, sorrow, and a bone—deep sense of loss.

His own guards and advisors cowered in the corners, not daring to approach or ask him what happened.

His reaction was the most violent of the inner circle leaders as Queen Alfreda, Queen Allura, and Fairy Matriarch were left sitting in their thrones, stunned, confused, and just utterly lost...

The announcement was floating in front of them and for the past ten seconds, none of them showed any other reaction.

With a shaky finger, Queen Allura finally reached out to the hologram and pushed it away.

Then, she sent a message to her master, Lady Sphinx, asking her if this was true...When Lady Sphinx ignored her message, she felt her heart crush on itself.

‘Little junior...‘ Even as a queen, as an empress of an entire witch empire, she had never shed a single tear on anything...Until this °

very moment.

Meanwhile, Queen Alfreda reached out to Lady Yggdrasil for confirmation and she found out that the entire primogenitors‘ council was trying their best to reach out to Felix‘s masters but to no avail.

This made her heart sink to the bottom of her stomach, realizing that the news must be true. While her relationship with Felix was fixed in the end, she still cared more about the news' effect on her little sister, Selphie.

‘I have to stop her from finding out. Otherwise, she might actually commit suicide.‘ Queen Alfreda knew that her sister would go to this extreme as the elves‘ obsession with their loved ones couldn't be controlled.

She actually witnessed many elves commit suicide the day after their spouse was buried.

Alas, if only it was that simple to hide such a massive piece of news.

The moment the inner circle leaders gathered up for an emergency meeting and saw that Felix hadn't attended, the last shred of disbelief was snatched from them, leaving the majority with hardened expressions.

The only one unaffected emotionally by the news was Empress Emily. She presided over this emergency meeting.

"It is with the heaviest of hearts that I share this news. Our Grand Supreme, Felix Maxwell, has passed away."

Her words hung in the air like an unwelcome specter, the weight of their meaning descending upon the room with crushing gravity.

The chamber fell into deafening silence. Leaders who had faced countless battles, who had seen the rise and fall of empires, were rendered as silent as mice.

Emotions surged like a violent storm...Shock rippled through the room, its cold fingers squeezing their hearts.

Faces that were etched with the lines of ancient knowledge and experience stared back at Empress Emily.

"How, how did it happen?" Fishermen Queen Everley asked.

"No one knows...I just can‘t fathom anyone is capable of killing him. He seemed untouchable."

"It must be the darkins, he has just killed their partner."

"So far, this is all we got until we receive some information from his closed ones."

"Sigh...He went so soon, we were so close to universal domination under his leadership."

Mournful eyes glistened, and the reality of the loss sunk in. Heads bowed, shoulders slumped, the room filled with the shared pain of losing their Grand Supreme.

Through the shock and sadness, one thing was clear: they had not only lost a leader but a beacon of hope, an embodiment of strength...And the universe seemed a little darker for it.

"When we‘ll announce it to the citizens?"

"We definitely can't do it now, the demon princes will regain their confidence and fight us back if they knew about it."

"That‘s true...Our conquest will take a massive hit."

The six demons decided to retreat into the shadows only because of Felix since he was the only one capable of erasing them from existence.

While the seven demons‘ realm was too weak to hold up against the alliance's troops, the demon princes would make sure that they pay a heavy price to win this war.

This situation made almost everyone even more upset and angered with the darkins for taking down their leader and protector.

As much as they hated Felix before, the moment he became a deity, none of them wanted anything bad to happen to him since he could have given them a voice against the primogenitors.

While the inner circle leaders were cursing Saurous and Wendigo, both of them were seen staring at each other with dumbfounded looks.

"That brat is dead?"

"Don't play dumb with us! We know that it has to be related to you, otherwise, who can kill that little monster?" Kumiho pressured with an irritated tone, not liking his attitude on the matter.

When Felix's masters ignored the primogenitors, most of them reached out to the darkins to learn what happened.

It was quite simple as the darkins were still using the UVR with their other wisps of consciousness.

"This is the first time I am hearing about this crap! How can that brat just drop dead? Is this one of the councils‘ ploys to get back at us?" Saurous cursed, not trusting them in the slightest.

"Do you think we are that bored? Just fess up already and tell us how did you kill that cockroach? I am just curious about the method used." Kumiho stressed.

"Is she being for real?" Wendigo's heart skipped a beat as he could sense that Kumiho wasn't messing around with them.

The fact that other primogenitors had reached out for the same reason as well made it even harder to disbelieve them.

"He really is dead?"

When Kumiho heard his grave question, she couldn't help but raise an eyebrow in surprise. "You really do not know? Interesting, this is getting too interesting."

"I..."

"Bye, losers."

Kumiho hung up on them with a curse, but none of them seemed to care as their minds were occupied with the shocking news.

"What kind of bullsh*t are they concocting? My other half can not die and disappear like this." Lucifer uttered coldly, "He just can't."

"We know just as much as you." Wendigo frowned, "But, I am more prone to believe in my peers even if they hate our guts right now...This makes me wonder if that brat really died for real and had even my peers fooled as a ploy against us, or something bad did happen to him."

"It must be a ploy to bait us out and take us down when we least expect it." Wendigo assured with an icy tone, "He's the only one capable of faking his death as he had Lord Loki's support who can control Queen Ai."

"I am under the same impression."

While the darkins and Lucifer were hell—bent on disbelieving the news, they had no idea that Felix was currently wandering in the spirit realm without a single thought in his mind...