Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1384 Can't Move On...

A few minutes later after receiving the news...

The dim light of the evening sun spilled into the tavern, casting long, morose shadows that echoed the news that had arrived moments ago.

Noah, Bodidi, Selphie, and Olivia sat at a corner table, a half-empty bottle of mead, untouched, standing sentinel in the middle of the rough wooden surface.

A hush fell over the group, their faces mirroring the stark shock and disbelief that clung to them. The usually boisterous Bodidi, known for his hearty laughter and cheerful disposition, sat in stunned silence, his jovial eyes dimmed.

Selphie's usually radiant eyes, full of kindness and gentleness , were watery, a stray tear carving a path down her cheek.

She was frozen, her gaze locked onto the dancing flames of the hearth, as if hoping that this was a cruel joke and Felix would walk through the door at any moment, his signature smirk in place.

She took the news the hardest as Felix had already stolen her heart and refused to give it back...Now, he was gone for good and took it with him, making her incapable of accepting the cruel reality before her.

Meanwhile, Noah's usual expressionless and cold face was ashen. His forehead was creased, lines of disbelief and grief etched deep.

He ran a hand through his hair, pulling at the roots in a futile attempt to comprehend the reality that Felix, their Felix, was no more.

Finally, there was Olivia...Unlike Selphie, she didn‘t even bother to hold her tears as she kept sobbing on the table while covering her face, an unbefitting image of her nature goddess title...

For a long moment, nobody spoke. The room was filled with a heavy, suffocating silence mixed in with Olivia‘s suppressed sniffles.

The noise of the bartender dims into a distant murmur...The shock was too fresh, the grief too raw.

"Smitten to death...Smitten to death by an unknown enemy..." At last, Bodidi muttered. "Am I the only one finding this too hard to believe?"

In Bodidi's eyes, Lady Sphinx and Fenrir lied to them to keep them away from seeking death and avenging Felix. He firmly believed that his boss‘s death had something to do with the darkins.

"Master doesn‘t lie." Noah disclosed coldly, "And Felix will never get himself killed against those cowards."

Noah would be lying if he said that he wasn't disappointed in his inability to join the factions' war and assist his master in taking down the darkins.

But, he knew that he was still too weak and he would be nothing but a mere burden...Even when Felix had died, he was certain that the darkins had nothing to do with this.

"What does it matter who killed him? Felix is dead..." Selphie muttered under her breath, her face was as pale as a fresh sheet of paper.

She seemed like she had lost at least a century of her lifespan just by saying those cursed words.

Without waiting for anyone to answer, Selphie broke into light particles and disappeared. Olivia and the others had no clue where she left and honestly, none of them were in the mood to care about her or anyone at this moment...

'Did you have to be so straightforward and not even tell them that you have a plan to revive him?‘ Thor said.

'Whether we revive him or not, it‘s best to tell them the truth and stop at that.‘ Fenrir replied calmly.

'He is right.‘ Jormungandr supported.

'Now, leave the children to mourn in peace, and let‘s focus on the situation at hand.‘ Lady Sphinx looked at Elder Kraken and asked, 'Any news yet?‘

Elder Kraken shook his head, ‘Still nothing.‘

In the past year, Lady Sphinx had gone all out to revive all the lost tenants and placed them inside her own consciousness space this time.

Even Lord Shiva was revived and Lord Khaos decided to join in again.

In the case of Lord Shiva, his existence was much more difficult to revive since Lady Sphinx had to ask for King Mahit for his people's bloodline again.

Since Felix hadn't delivered as promised before, even as a primogenitor, she found it hard to convince him.I think you should take a look at

Fortunately, King Mahit ended up giving up his bloodline after hearing that his meeting with his ancestor would be ensured by her 100% if took the deal.

Felix might not have been able to convince Lord Shiva to meet his descendants, but the same did not apply to Lady Sphinx.

As the one bringing him back, she was in control of his life and Lord Shiva knew that if he wanted to stay in the party and see how things develop, he had to listen to her request.

On another hand, Lord Khaos volunteered to join the team due to Nimo's existence. Felix might have died and Nimo was left absolutely devastated ever since, but he still remained around Lady Sphinx.

In addition, the sundisk earring was also under Lady Sphinx‘s care and Nimo's alter ego had yet to be freed or even knew about Felix‘s death.

With the group regrouped, everyone was focused on the revival mission even when they knew that it was going to be a long shot as the spirits guardian made it almost impossible for spirits to return back to the living realm after stepping foot in the heavenly plane.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

'We are counting on you.‘ Thor and the others gave Elder Kraken a earnest look, knowing that he was the only ally they had on the other side and they had already created a plan to help out Felix.

'Your child will be more than taken care of under my watch, do not worry.‘ Elder Kraken assured.

The moon hung heavy in the dark velvet sky, its ethereal glow bathing the world in a somber silver hue...Selphie sat at the foot of Mother Tree, its ancient bark rough against her back as she stared blankly into the dark abyss of the night.

Her heart pounded a mournful rhythm in her chest, a symphony of grief that echoed the hollow emptiness within her.

In her mind, she replayed the last conversation she had had with Felix. His vibrant laughter echoed in her ears, the glint in his eyes as he told one of his ridiculous stories flashing before her. And now, all that remained of him were those memories, fading echoes of a life taken too soon.

Even though Felix always told her that nothing was going to happen between them as he was in love with Asna, she was still willing to remain by his side and watch him from a distance.

But now? Even that small happiness was taken away from her...

Her thoughts swirled like a tempest, dark and tumultuous. The idea of continuing without Felix seemed unbearable, a torment she was not sure she had the strength to endure.

'Do I go for it? He told me about the spirit realm and the heavenly plane, who knows, fate might bring us together there...‘

The possibility of joining him, to escape the insufferable grief that threatened to shatter her, flickered dangerously in her mind.

But a part of her, the rational part buried deep beneath her grief, knew that this was not the answer. That this was not what Felix would have wanted for her.

He would have wanted her to live, to fight, to continue the journey they had started together. But the call of the other side, of being reunited with Felix, felt like a siren‘s song, impossible to ignore.

'Little one, what‘s gone is gone.‘ Lady Yggdrasil uttered softly, appearing right behind her daughter.

She placed her hand on her head and patted her in a caring manner. As Selphie was feeling her mother‘s touch, tears trickled down her cheeks, her breath coming in ragged gasps.

'What do I do then mom? Sob, what do I do?‘

'Can't you move on? He has always seen you as nothing but his close friend...I believe It‘s time for you to share your love with someone who will love you back.‘

'I do not desire that, I want him, now and always, here or there, I want him.‘ Selphie replied, her voice shaky but firm at the same time, making Lady Yggdrasil sigh in frustration.

She knew that her daughter was far gone and if she wanted to help her move on, then she might as well give her a feasible method.

'I won‘t allow you to end your life so soon over nothing, but since you won't be in your right state either way, might as well help you save him.‘ Lady Yggdrasil disclosed with a earnest tone.

'Save him?‘ Selphie's eyes widened in disbelief.

'It's not a 100% method, but it is something feasible.‘ Lady Yggdrasil informed, ‘I always held the belief that the ultimate ability of time element is allowing the user to travel through timelines.‘

'So, if you're hell-bent on your obsession, just create one and use it to bring another Felix from a different dimension to here.‘