1386 The End of The Partnership.

As Asna voiced her desire to revive herself and Felix, the Eathereal Elders exchanged uneasy glances before their expressions _ hardened.

Elder Elysium was the first to respond...His tranquil moss— green eyes darkened, reflecting a sense of deep displeasure. "Young one, tampering with the cycle of life and death is against our laws. It's not something we can condone even for a unigin."

His appearance mirrored the calm beauty of an untouched forest. His skin seemed to be made of the finest silver birch, and his eyes were a warm, inviting green, much like the moss that carpeted the ground.

He was known for his empathy and open—mindedness, always ready to listen and understand the spirits' various perspectives.

However, in this subject, he was unmovable as a mountain.

Elder Sheol leaned forward, his deep obsidian eyes reflecting a labyrinth of thoughts. "Our spirit realm has lasted for this long all because every single one of us respects the imposed laws and acts by them...Even our master adheres to his own laws."

This elder's features were dark and somewhat inscrutable, his eyes deep wells of obsidian. There‘s a quiet intensity about him, his presence unsettling yet intriguing.

He was one of the highest—ranked elders in the assembly and his words were treated only below the spirits guardian himself.

"If we were to entertain such a request, we risk setting a precedent that could unravel the order we've maintained ever since the creation of the universe."

Each refusal felt like a cold gust of wind, chilling Asna‘s hopes to the bone, making her understand that even her unigin status had no authority in front of the elders.

The spirits‘ realm was considered its own unique universe compared to other realms linked to the matter universe, which meant no one had authority here besides Hades and his people.

"While revival is not an option, it's more than possible for your partner to get reincarnated in a new body...0bviously, without his memories intact about either his previous life or the spirit realm." Elder Kraken interjected with an opposite view amidst the storm of rejection from his peers.

His appearance was that of a humanoid glowing ethereal blue octopus, resembling his real appearance from the living world.

His glowing golden humanoid appearance from the memories was no more as he had worked his ass off to climb the governmental ladder and become the youngest Ethereal Elder.

When he said that his status was quite high in the spirit realm, he wasn't bragging one bit as he was above everyone else and below only the spirits guardian!

"How will that work for me? You know that my memories are untouched and I doubt there is a physical body capable of holding my soul." Asna replied with an irritated tone.

She had recognized Elder Kraken the instant she stepped inside the council, but she never acted weird about it.

She knew that it would do her and Felix more harm if she exposed her relationship with Elder Kraken.

"That‘s why he didn‘t mention you." Hades disclosed in a calm manner. "You aren‘t going anywhere."

"What do you mean?" Asna narrowed her eves.

Hades switched back to the unigins‘ language and said, "The instant you stepped inside my realm, I have become forced to separate your souls. When that happens, the moment you return to the living world, they will most likely seal you yet again."

"Is that what you want, Asnaleigha?" He asked.

"..." Asna went silent.

She always knew that splitting her soul with Felix would mean bringing trouble to them from those beings.

However, the more time she spent with Felix and nothing happened to them, the more she forgot about their eternal judgment sword until she was left to believe that maybe, just maybe, it would be all alright.

Alas...Felix getting smitten to death broke her fantasy apart and made her realize that their eyes were always on them.

This meant if she dared to return to the living world as a separate soul and the universe would start restoring her powers, those beings would put her in the same seal...

"Are you really forced to separate our souls? Can't you do me a favor, and reincarnate both of us in a suitable body..." Asna requested.

"You knowI can‘t do that." Hades shook his head, "The mortal has to enter the system just like any other spirit...You can‘t be merged with him in the process, and you know why."

"..."

Asna remained quiet again.

She understood that the entire system was geared for each soul individually to begin a fresh new life with fresh memories.

If she shared the same soul as Felix, not a single elder was going to approve of it...This meant Felix would never have the chance of being reincarnated as it was tied heavily with the system.

"If you truly care for this mortal, leave him to live his new life in peace and away from our celestial problems...No one deserves to get involved in them." Hades advised.

‘Felix...What do I do...‘

At this moment, Asna wished for nothing but to hear Felix‘s voice.._Alas. The void was as silent as ever.I think you should take a look at

In this silence, Asna started to have some different thoughts, thoughts that Felix would have made get absolutely livid to the core for having them.

'He has done enough for me...He has done more than enough for me...I can not be selfish and ruin more of his life, I can‘t...‘

Asna would have never had such thoughts before if it wasn‘t for Felix getting smitten to death by her opposers.

He had worked his entire life to reach his goals and when he finally achieved most of them and became considered at the top of the universe, his life came to an abrupt end because of her.

The worst part? She knew that those organisms merely fired a warning shot as they could've erased his soul entirely.

‘If he has no memories of me and got revived or reincarnated, they won't come after him again.‘ Asna showed a desolate faint smile as memories of her time with Felix played akin to a movie before her.

She recalled their first peculiar encounter, where she ended with more than just half of his soul. _

The memory of their first shared laughter filled her with warmth. The image of him, with his sparkling eyes full of mischief and his boyish grin, was forever engraved in her mind.

Their shared dreams, whispered into the night, their hopes for the future, the promise of forever — all these memories painted a well—off tapestry of love, joy, and companionship.

As she remembered their last kiss, she could almost taste him, feel his lips against hers, the heat of his touch.

She remembered the light in his eyes when he looked at her, the gentleness in his touch, the comfort in his embrace.

The memory of his laugh, full of warmth and mirth, filled the quiet assembly, only to fade away, leaving behind an echoing silence.

Tears welled up in her eyes, and she let them fall...Because she was in a spirit form, those tears merged with her skin and made it seem like she wasn't crying.

But in reality, they traced a wet path down her cheeks, each droplet a testament to the love she held for him.

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Yet, beneath this river of grief, there was also determination, a resolve forged from the depths of her pain.

Finally, her gaze fell upon Hades.

Asna made the heart—wrenching decision. For his protection, for his safety, she would have to let him go.

She would split their souls, the price of her love being a solitude she was willing to pay.

Closing her eyes, Asna whispered, "I love you, Felix, now and always. Be free, be safe..."

And with that, she gave a head nod at Hades and he acknowledged her decision by setting the irreversible process into motion.

With a mere snap of a finger, her last connection to Felix was severed, their souls splitting apart before everyone.

It seemed too easy, too effortless, and too anticlimactic.

One of the most difficult challenges and goals in Felix's life was completed just like that.

One could say that their partnership had come to a conclusion with both parties living up to their end of the bargain.

Asna had helped Felix reached the pinnacle of the universe and he kept his word and split their souls apart.

The circumstances weren't perfect as Felix ended up dying and Asna incapable of leaving the spirit realm, but it is what it is...

"Please take care of him at least..." Asna beseeched, her eyes were about to overflow again with tears.

"My apologies, but I can‘t show bias to any spirit." Guardian Hades shook his head, "He will enter the system and be treated based on his color and achievements just like everyone else."

The moment he uttered so, Hades waved his hand and Felix's spirit was sent on his merry way, floating into the distance akin to an automatic robot, having no idea that he was leaving behind him the love of his life once and for all...

As Asna watched Felix‘s soul disappear into the ether, she had one regret that was burning her soul down.

‘If only I was not stubborn and wanted my first time to be perfect...We could have connected our love at least once...Sob, Sob...‘

Asna covered her eyes as she could not hear to see her man leave her alone with her memories and a heart full of love for someone she could no longer call her own...

'I have a bad feeling about this.‘

Elder Kraken sighed in distress, having a strong feeling that this development was not going to end well for either side.

Alas, at this moment, he could only be a spectator as his biased involvement would lead him expelled from the assembly...