Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Mmm." Felix nodded in understanding.

Felix was already given all the information needed to understand how the heavenly plane's system operate, what needed to be done to avoid getting punished, and also how was government structured.

This made him discern that even though his color ranking was above, Dark, Indigo, Blue, Green, Yellow, and Orange, he was still under the authority of golden spirits and all governmental personnel.

"You are eligible to have five servants under you, but you will be a servant of a gold ranker spirit. I will try my best to recommend you get put under a reasonable golden spirit who wouldn't abuse you." Elder Kraken comforted.

"No." Felix rejected his goodwill. "Put me under a golden spirit who will help me obtain the highest amount of Lumus to push my grade into the gold color and become eligible for a governmental position."

In the heavenly plane, there was only one currency and it was called Lumus.

This currency was the sole most important object in the entire spirit realm as it could be used for almost everything.

It was used as a currency to buy territories, houses, vehicles, farms, beasts, unique spiritual objects, favors, set up meetings, buy new servants, and most importantly, Lumus was the only possible method to increase one own's color grade.

When enough was gathered, they could be traded for a color change, which in turn, reward the person with the benefits and privileges of being in that color rank.

For example, Felix had an intense red color, which implied that he was extremely close to becoming a golden spirit.

Still, it would take him quite an unfathomable quantity of Lumus to make the push. When one considered that Lumus was being used on a daily basis for everything else, it was extremely difficult to save enough to focus on one's grade.

Fortunately, there was no such thing as the threat of death from hunger or such, which signified that people could enhance their ranks if they focused on a minimalistic way of living.

Still, obtaining Lumus was no easy task due to the best rewarding jobs already being taken for eons now and no one was stupid enough to let go of them.

In the case of Elder Kraken, his first job was as a salaryman in a high-profile company responsible for providing the best entertainment for high-ranked spirits.

This job clearly dealt with large quantities of Lumus, which was extremely helpful to anyone...If it wasn't for his golden rank and high privileges, he wouldn't have been offered such a position.

"As you know, many spirits get thrown out of the heavenly plane on a daily basis after falling below the necessary requirement to stay here. But, there were, even more, coming in." Elder Kraken shook his head, "Even if I used my authority as an elder, I wouldn't be able to help you remove someone from his position and give it to you. With the current competition on such high-paying positions, it would be near impossible to do more than recommend you to take the tests just like everyone else."

"Why don't you chill under a non-driven golden spirit until a position gets freed and I will swiftly claim it for you?"

Elder Kraken planned earlier to put Felix under someone without abusive tendencies, which was quite simple since most of the golden spirits with such non-driven personalities, focused more on their enjoyment and relaxation.

Not everyone was seeing to climb to the top or compete with other spirits.

Most spirits simply wanted to live their second lives in peace and chase after their dreams or passions regardless of how much Lumus they gained from them.

There were many companies created for the sake of tending to those loafers' spirits.

But Felix had no interest in this life even if it was temporary.

"You know I can't hold still for even a second." Felix stated calmly, "If I want to be reincarnated, I have to reach at governmental status, and to achieve this, I have to be gold color first."

In the heavenly plane, everyone knew that it was possible to be reincarnated back into the living world as it was common knowledge given to everyone.

However, not everyone cared about such an opportunity as the dream of returning to the living world seemed useless and somewhat undesirable.

After all, everyone had their memories erased from their previous lives, which made them have no clue what they left behind them or what kind of experience it was.

To make matters worse, getting reincarnated meant losing their current memories and starting afresh, which was extremely random.

No one was retarded enough to work their absolute butts off to reach a governmental position, just to give up on it and reincarnate into a random baby.

But Felix's situation was different.I think you should take a look at

"You showed me that my masters have already frozen my body in time and they are keeping it ready for my return...With the time difference being always so random between the two realms, I can't be fooling around." Felix stated.

Felix had no clue if the time would be in hist favor or against him...One minute, it could be one day to a thousand days, and another minute, it could become the opposite.

Whatever it was, he didn't want to keep his masters waiting for millions of years if not more while he was chilling in the spirit realm.

"As you wish, I will see what I can do." Elder Kraken assured.

'This new personality has truly affected him greatly, if it was the old Felix, he would have been unsettled until he checks on Asna with his own eyes.'

Elder Kraken didn't know if this was a good thing or not, but at this moment, he was more in favor of Felix's new personality as he knew that to compete in the spirit realm, one had to be ruthless and calculative.

Death was not on the table around here, but a fate much worse, as anyone could get thrown back to the empty spirit realm to wander for eternity without a single chance of ever stepping foot in the heavenly plane.

So, unless one had his stay secured 100%, no one had the option to laze around and disobey the rules.

"Let's go, I have prepared your new home."

Elder Kraken took Felix back to the capital city... Astralis.

It was a breathtaking panorama where the fantastical and the futuristic coalesce into an awe-inspiring spectacle.

Astoundingly high towers of iridescent crystal touch the clouds, shimmering with ethereal lights that pulsated rhythmically, emanating an otherworldly glow that illuminated the whole city.

These celestial skyscrapers were not mere edifices of beauty but houses of higher learning, research facilities, and dwellings for elite spirits.

Since Elder Kraken did not want to be seen with Felix, he used a disguise on himself and walked with him through the bustling boulevards of Astralis.

"This is the Spectral Bazaar, you can find anything you want here, even servants on display for sale or trade." Elder Kraken introduced as he went through with Felix inside the gates of a bustling market pulsing with spectral energy and vibrant life.

Spirits of varying sizes and shades float about, their bodies shimmering in iridescent hues of blue, purple, and green, giving the marketplace a vibrant, surreal atmosphere.

Stalls selling precious artifacts and mystical relics of untold power stood side by side with shops dealing in simpler necessities.

Exotic gems radiating intense spiritual energy glisten in the light, while ancient scrolls scribed with the wisdom of the elders invite onlookers to delve into their secrets.

"Are those treasures actually capable of delivering those promises?" Felix raised an eyebrow as he read the details of some treasures in those stalls.

The details were too overpowered while the price did not give them justice.

"Of course, but what's the point?" Elder Kraken explained, "Almost all treasures in the spirit realm are cheap dirt since there is no benefit to them here."

"Makes sense." Felix realized that increasing one's soul power was not as important as in the living world since everyone here worked for the sake of increasing their color grade.

"Still, they aren't completely useless." Elder Kraken added, "There are many fighting tournaments that allow spirits to fight each other for the sake of entertainment. Having a strong soul improves telekinesis prowess and also the power of imagination, allowing the spirits to cast whatever elemental abilities they can come up with."

"I see." Felix removed his gaze from those treasures, but his interest hadn't died. down.

In his eyes, those treasures might not mean much to other spirits, but for him, they're too godly to pass over.

After all, his main goal at the moment was to return to the living world and he was not planning to do this without making sure to empower himself as much as possible.

"Now, this is the good stuff."