Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Elder Kraken stopped behind a crowd gathering around a platform where many spirit servants were put on display...Each spirit was encapsulated in a protective sphere of energy.

None of those spirits seemed ashamed or depressed.

In fact, they were waving at the prospective buyers, seemingly wanting to allure someone to purchase them and turn them into their servants.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Felix wasn't surprised by this as servants weren't treated really as slaves in the heavenly plane, but more as loyal workers or subordinates.

As workers, they also get paid for their services on a monthly basis and obviously, the currency was non other than Lumus.

This implied that even if a spirit had the option to have multiple servants, no one would hire more than necessary unless they could afford to keep them.

Since the easiest way to obtain a consistent supply of Lumus was to become a servant for a higher spirit, everyone was selling their own selves.

"Did anyone catch your eyes?" Elder Kraken offered, "I can buy you one and pay him for one year in advance until you can afford to pay him without needing to liquidate your own color."

"Much appreciated."

Felix accepted the offer with open arms.

He understood that the worst thing he could do now was to liquidate his own color to obtain Lumus due to the depreciation of its value.

All spirits were capable of lowering their own color light intensity and transforming it into usable Lumus currency.

However, this was considered an emergency solution that no one dared to go for it unless they were truly strapped for Lumus.

This was because the value differed by at least ten times.

For example, if Felix was paid one thousand Lumus for a small job and consumed them to increase his color's intensity, if he wanted to pull out the same one thousand Lumus, he would lose ten times worth of light intensity!

The system operated like this so anyone who sought to increase their color grade, must go for it after being financially secured 100%.

While spirits did not need food to live, they do need houses.

The government made sure to tax the living sh*t out of them to give everyone a sense of crisis that their stay in the heavenly plane was not free of charge.

In this sense, the heavenly plane was more or less the same as our despicable capitalistic world.

'I guess even in death, there is no escaping from capitalism. Felix commentated in his mind as he read the details of the first servant in front of him.

She resembled a graceful wind spirit with the ethereal semblance of a dancing willow tree, making her seem gentle and kind.

'She specializes in soothing turbulent emotions and providing a calming aura. Her price is set at five hundred Lumus a month, quite a bargain for her peaceful presence and empathetic abilities.'

Still, Felix passed her on...He had no use for her set of abilities as she was more fit for the spirits wanting to relax and enjoy their eternity.

Suddenly, a breathtaking seductress leaned closer to Felix with an enticing smile laced with promises of forbidden pleasures, her eyes sparkling with unabashed interest.

Then, she whispered with a voice as velvety as the night, her words caressing his senses like a soft, warm breeze.

"Master, won't you consider me as your servant? I promise you, there's much more to me than what meets the eye."

Her intoxicating fragrance filled his senses, a heady blend of wildflowers and exotic spices, making it harder for anyone to resist her charm.

Alas, Felix's new personality was void of such intimate emotions as he merely glanced at her monthly payment and shook his head, "One thousand Lumus a month for sex? Not interested."

Then, he walked away with Elder Kraken and continued browsing for potential servant candidates.

"Your loss, handsome." The beautiful seductress merely smiled charmingly as she waved her fingers at Felix before attempting to trap another potential master.

In the heavenly plane, there weren't much of negative emotions implanted inside the spirits when they first step inside of it.I think you should take a look at

So, no one really would be humiliated to get rejected and cause a scene or such nonsense.

"How about this one?" Elder Kraken asked, his eyes focused on a figure dressed in a traditional Japanese outfit.

He was a humanoid lizard standing upright, his scales gleaming with a light yellow hue, like sunrays reflecting off of polished gold.

His muscular body was covered in tightly fitted traditional garb known as a Jinbei, a type of short-sleeved kimono often worn in summer.

His attire, though simple, was immaculate - a crisp white top tied neatly with a vibrant blue sash around his robust waist, and matching loose trousers that reached just below his knees.

His head was adorned with a wide-brimmed, woven straw hat that shaded his angular, reptilian features.

Underneath, a pair of gleaming eyes flickered with a calm yet attentive gaze, betraying his keen intellect and observant nature.

The long, muscular tail that extended behind him moved subtly with his every gesture, showcasing his exceptional balance and control.

Despite his unconventional appearance, there was a quiet dignity about him that commanded respect... Yet, not many people were around his display platform.

When Felix read his monthly fees, he understood why.

'One thousand and five hundred Lumus a month?" Felix raised an eyebrow, "Isn't it a bit too expensive for a light yellow servant."

"When it came to servants, do not bother yourself with their colors but by their reliability, obedience, and loyalty." Elder Kraken shared. "In his case, his details are more fit with your situation as he will help you immensely in your tough journey."

"True." Felix nodded calmly.

While his price was a bit too much for him, Felix understood that it was better to own one reliable servant than have three useless cheap ones.

Since Elder Kraken was going to pay an entire year in advance, Felix did not have to worry too much about the payments for now.

"Introduce yourself." Felix ordered with a stoic expression as he stood under the samurai-like lizard.

"Sekiro, Sekiro Yoshida."

Sekiro gave a slight respectful head nod with his hands held together and then remained silent...He neither promoted himself nor begged to be picked like most other servants.

"One thousand and five hundred Lumus a month isn't a bit expensive, do not you think?" Felix said.

"I know my worth." Sekiro replied, his voice as steady as ever.

Instead of grilling him for more answers, Felix merely stared into his eyes and Sekiro did not even blink in return.

After staring at each other with similar stoic expressions, Felix finally turned to Elder Kraken and gave him a slight nod of approval.

"I knew that you will pick him." Elder Kraken chuckled as he brought out three illuminating golden crystals and three red crystals from his pockets.

The moment they're brought out in the open, everyone's attention was attracted to them as they seemed to have been mesmerized.

It was a normal reaction when considering that each golden crystal was valued at five thousand Lumus and one red crystal was valued at one thousand Lumus!

Only the filthy well-off spirits traded with such high-graded crystals as the rest used green/yellow/orange crystals in bulks.

Elder Kraken pushed the floating illuminating crystals to Sekiro and he put them straightaway in his pocket.

Then, he jumped down from the platform and bowed his head deeply in front of Felix.

"I am under your care, master."

"Mmmm." Felix nodded expressionlessly.