Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"You should get another one." Elder Kraken advised. "Someone to take care of simple tasks and house chores like a maid or a butler."

Sekiro was too expensive for such tasks as he would be considered Felix's primary subordinate for difficult missions.

"Ok, but I am paying for this." Felix found no reason to reject.

"As you wish."

After a few minutes of strolling around the servants' marketplace, Felix discovered that even those servants were quite expensive with a monthly payment of a hundred Lumus or higher.

Since he was paying for it, he wanted to be

as cheap as possible.

In the end, Felix and Elder Kraken walked in front of a small, dog-like girl whose spirit stood out in her timid demeanor.

She was enveloped in an ethereal indigo: hue, her skin reflecting an enchanting array of blues and purples that changed intensity as she moved.

Her delicate canine ears were sharply pointed, twitching at every unfamiliar sound that echoed in the marketplace.

Her eyes, wide and clear, shone with an innocent, azure brilliance against her indigo skin, darting around nervously as she scanned the crowd..

Small tufts of indigo-colored fur covered her body, adding an extra layer of vibrancy to her appearance.

Dressed in a simple, oversized white tunic, she seemed almost out of place amidst the exotic spirits.

Her tiny hands clung tightly to the fabric of her dress, her knuckles white with tension.

While other spirits were trying their best to stand out and make themselves visible, she tried to make herself smaller, more inconspicuous.

"H...Hi"

When she noticed Felix, Elder Kraken, and Sekiro staring at her intensely, she quivered as she introduced herself.

"Little one, why are you so scared?" Elder Kraken asked with a gentle tone.

He found her attitude quite bizarre as there weren't really many things in the heavenly plane capable of erecting fear from anyone.

As long as one respected the rules, the silver spectral enforcers wouldn't pay them a visit even for millions of years.

"I am sorry..." The girl stuttered an apology as she kept her head lowered, not answering Elder Kraken's question.

"Sigh, let's go, she is of no use to you.' Elder Kraken said telepathically.

Felix ignored him and asked the girl with an indifferent tone, "What's your name?"

"Kar..ra."

"Can you clean?"

"Yes..."

"Can you cook?"

"Yes..."

"Can you make errands?"

"Yes..."

"You're hired."

Felix extracted a red shimmering crystal from his own body and then turned it into dozens of yellow crystals and hundreds of much smaller green crystals. Then, he threw a yellow crystal at her and she caught them reflexively.

"This is advanced payment for two months, you will get the rest if you proved yourself to be useful. Felix ordered, "Follow me."

"Are you sure about this? She doesn't seem too reliable and I have a feeling that even those basic tasks will be hard for her." Elder Kraken said as he walked away with Felix, not caring that the girl was hearing him.

"She costs fifty Lumus a month, it's not too. much of a risk." Felix replied, his voice drifting away and away from her.

"Wai...Wait for me."

Fearing that she might lose them in the crowd, Karra quickly chased after them with a nervous expression.

When she reached them, she stuck behind Felix's back akin to glue and kept her head lowered the entire journey.

After a few hours of roaming all the important locations in the city, Elder Kraken finally took Felix to his new home.

Nestled within a well-managed apartment complex in the bustling city, Felix's new residence was a tasteful blend of comfort and functionality.

The apartment complex itself was an impressive structure, a combination of sleek modern architecture with elements of spiritual aesthetic - ethereal blue vines crept around the balconies, their soft glow adding a unique charm to the otherwise steely structure.

The apartment was located on one of the higher floors, granting a panoramic view of the cityscape.I think you should take a look at

Upon entering the apartment, Felix and his servants were greeted by a spacious, open-plan living area.

The floor was covered in polished spirit-stone tiles that shimmered softly under the ambient lighting.

The walls, painted in a soothing shade of celestial white, complemented the luminous glow of the city outside.

The living area was elegantly furnished with low-set furniture in muted earth. tones. A plush, comfortable couch faced a floating holographic screen that served as a window to the astral dimensions outside.

To the side was a compact, modern kitchenette fitted with the latest spiritual appliances. An iridescent dining table sat beside it, large enough to entertain a small group of guests.

"What do you think?"

"It's perfect." Felix nodded in appreciation even if his expression was as cold as ever.

"The rent here is pretty high as you need to pay two thousand Lumus each month, but I have put a two-year advance for you." Elder Kraken informed.

Karra and even Sekiro showed somewhat of an envious look as there was nothing better than having a rich patron above your head.

In their minds, Elder Kraken was Felix's master and he was extremely generous with him as there weren't many masters who would bother to help their servants improve their lives.

"Thanks for everything."

'I wish I could do more, but alas...' Elder Kraken sighed telepathically, 'Government personal are forbidden from helping spirits in this direct manner and if I wasn't an elder with only Lord Hades above me, I would have been punished immensely.

'If only it was possible to replace one of my servants with you, but you need to be gold-colored first.

The heavenly plane's government was the most powerful entity and everyone in it enjoyed many privileges.

Unfortunately, the government personnel were banned from giving their Lumus to anyone besides their servants...Even their servants had a limit on how much they could obtain.

Right now, Elder Kraken was actually breaking the rules for Felix and if he overdid it, it wouldn't end well for him.

"You already did too much. I can take it from here now. Felix gave him a slight head nod in gratitude.

'Speaking of the devil, I am being called by Lord Hades.' Elder Kraken suddenly frowned. 'Is it really related to this? I thought he should be occupied with Asna.'

'Will you be in trouble?' Felix asked.

'I hope not.'

Without explaining any further, Elder Kraken said his goodbyes to Felix and took off, not daring to leave Lord Hades waiting for him.

This time, he didn't meet him in the ethereal council but went straight into his throne chamber.

The moment he came face to face with him and saw the look in his eyes, Elder Kraken knew immediately that it wasn't going to end well for him.

"Come clean, what's your relationship with that mortal? What's your motive for helping him out?" Lord Hades questioned.

Lord Hades made it obvious that he had his eyes on Felix the moment he was sent away.

"My lord, I am ashamed to admit this, but I wanted to help him to gain favor from Madam Asna." Elder Kraken uttered truthfully.

Elder Kraken knew that it would be impossible to lie to Lord Hades, but giving him one of the many truths was better than telling the real truth.

Since he truly wanted to receive favor from Asna deep down, he didn't seem to be lying in the slightest.

"I knew some of you will think of this, but I did not think it will be you. Looks like you're getting bolder and bolder." Lord Hades waved his hand carelessly, "You will have one million Lumus deducted from your salary as a punishment."

Elder Kraken grimaced as this amount wasn't little even for him and would set him back quite heavily.

"If you do not leave the mortal alone, you will wish only Lumus are taken away from you. Lord Hades warned.

"Rest assured, my lord, I won't break the rules anymore." Elder Kraken promised with his head lowered.

"You are excused."

Elder Kraken exited the throne chamber and contacted Felix immediately.

'My apologies, little one, but I won't be able to help you with anything until you become a golden-ranked spirit and turn into my servant. Good luck with finding a method to upgrade your color!

After this message was sent, Elder Kraken did not dare approach or contact Felix anymore as he knew that Lord Hades was pretty merciful with his earlier punishment.

He understood that Felix was more than capable of taking care of himself and reaching golden color on his own without needing him to jeopardize his position.

As he had expected, Felix anwsered him with. 'Do not mind it, I'll reach out to you after I become a golden rank spirit.'

After that, there was no more interaction between them.

Honestly, if Elder Kraken thought that Lord Hades would be on to him so quickly, he would have gone all out and invested in Felix much more... Alas, he wanted to be low-key to not receive any attraction.

"Alright, introduce yourselves properly this time and tell me about your previous masters and your goal in this realm." Felix asked indifferently as he sat on the living room couch while his servants were standing in front of him.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com