Sekiro glanced at nervous Karra and knew that there was no way she was going to be speaking first.

"I have come here as a blue-colored spirit a century ago. I have switched between three masters and remained masterless in the past decade." Sekiro shared.

"You have upgraded your rank to yellow in such a decent period. Felix inquired, "Are you focusing on becoming a golden spirit?"

"My target is to become a Soul Scribe in the government." Sekiro anwsered.

"So..soul scribe?" Karra gasped in lowercase.

Even Felix was left a bit surprised.

He knew that the soul scribe profession was one of the most demanding governmental positions for any spirit.

That's because their job was to gleam into the living world and keep records of every event. law, and decision made in the realm in addition to other realms...They also chronicle the lives of spirits and the living, recording their deeds and experiences.

To be given such massive authority and information access about the living world and other realms, this profession required one to be extremely capable and intelligent.

Though, if one made it, then he could be considered as he made it in the spirit realm as this position reward an immense amount of Lumus, in addition to authoritative prowess that would make anyone below ethereal elders obey them.

"Interesting, is that your dream goal? Or are you in it for Lumus?"

"I don't care about Lumus." Sekiro replied, his eyes gazing into the window, "I am just burning with curiosity about the living world and this is the only way to find out about it."

"I see." Felix couldn't really relate to his reasoning as his memories were left intact about the living world, so his curiosity on this subject was more than fulfilled.

He knew that he could easily achieve Sekiro's dream by showing him some of his memories, but he wasn't a fool to out himself like this.

Having memories from the living world was unacceptable in the heavenly plane and if one was found out, a heavy punishment would be delivered.

Elder Kraken didn't risk not giving the whole truth to Lord Hades for no reason as he knew that neither he nor Felix would make it out in one piece.

"How about you?"

Felix turned to Karra, his serious stare putting a shiver down her spine.

"Forget it." Felix turned to Sekiro and asked, "Tell me about known and unknown quick methods to farm Lumus."

"Quick methods...Mmm." Sekiro rubbed his scaly chin and answered, "There is spiritual treasures hunting as the heavenly plane is super massive and is filled with many new exploration areas. Though, this method depends heavily on luck as even if you found one treasure, it won't be worth the trouble as you need to hit the jackpot."

"What else?"

"There are beasts taming and husbandry as you can hunt spiritual beasts and tame them. Then, sell them in the market to either collectors or those interested in having a transportation method." Sekiro clarified, "As you know, everyone might be able to fly, but the heavenly plane is too spacious and transportation methods are the best across cities."

"It will take too much time and investment," Felix said calmly.

"True, well, there is spectral gambling. You can wager Lumus in fight tournaments and if you are lucky, you can return home with ten times the profit. But as you know, gambling is too much of a risk and it is quite easy to get addicted to." Sekiro frowned, "Many spirits ended up getting thrown outside of the heavenly plane after

liquefying all of their light due to gambling."

"Hmmm...Tell me more about these tournaments." Felix said, "There must be a prize for the winners correct?"

"Of course and it's not shabby in the slightest. Sekiro explained, "Each city holds its own fighting tournament and many interested viewers tune in to watch...The top three winners in those tournaments will be fighting each other to decide the strongest spirit in the entire heavenly plane.

"Though, I do not advise you with this method." Sekiro shook his head, "Spirits participating in those tournaments are mostly red-colored and there are a few golden-colored ones joining for the fun of it. Most of them are considered regular participants as those tournaments are held on a yearly basis. Even though death isn't an option, you will still be risking your entrance fee. It's made quite expensive to recruit only the serious participants."

"How much?" Felix inquired.

"I believe it's three thousand Lumus for this year's tournament." Sekiro added, "While it's expensive as hell, the top three winners will win ten thousand, twenty thousand, and fifty thousand Lumus respectively. Though, the greatest reward is participation in the larger-scale heavenly plane tournament, which gives out insane rewards for the winners, reaching up to five hundred thousand Lumus."Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"Whooah..."

Karra's big eyes widened in amazement at the sound of those large numbers as she barely managed to collect ten thousand Lumus in her entire life.

"Interesting..."

Meanwhile, a gleam appeared in Felix's eyes, which made Sekiro's heart skip a beat.I think you should take a look at

"Sir..."

"I know, I know." Felix waved his hand carelessly, "I am not dumb to participate...

Just as Sekiro was about to sigh in relief, Felix added nonchalantly, "Without proper preparation."

Both Karra and Sekiro looked at each other and seemed to share an inner feeling of a troublesome future under Felix's reign.

"Sekiro, do me a favor and use two of your golden crystals to buy me as many spiritual treasures as possible." Felix promised calmly, "I'll pay you when I win."

"Sir...That's a bit.."

Sekiro wanted to reject his request and he had every right to do so as even though he was his servant, his Lumus belonged to him and no one could take them away against his will.

"Trust me, I know what I am doing" Felix assured with a stern tone.

"It's not that I don't trust you, but you should know that most participants had centuries if not more of time to boost their spiritual prowess through unfathomable. levels." Sekiro shook his head, "Ten thousand Lumus worth of treasures is nothing but a drop of water in an ocean."

Sekiro was in his right mind to feel threatened that his master would lose his money and come back to him empty-handed later on.

Those tournaments were packed with fighters who made it their life mission to become the best of the best and come on top each year.

He had absolutely no faith in Felix's capability to come close to even the top hundred as he was still new to the entire heavenly plane system.

"Just do it, if I lose, I will liquefy my own light and pay your debt." Felix ordered this time.

"As you wish." Sekiro nodded and took off into the bazaar.

Since Felix gave him his word that his debt would be paid through liquefication, he had nothing more to worry about.

That's because words were considered binding contracts between spirits and if one broke it, silver law enforcers would be involved.

"You, go gather information about the next tournament, and its current participants." Felix ordered Karra.

"Ok..oki!"

Karra swiftly jumped on her feet and dashed in the direction of the wall with a frantic expression, which made her end up smashing her head against it....

Thud!

"Owiii.."

Felix's eyelids twitched but he did not comment, saving Karra an additional embarrassment. With an ashamed. expression, she went through the wall this time in her ghost form, not forgetting to switch between them.

'How could one in his right mind choose such a useless personality? Felix knitted his eyebrows, 'Did she really choose to be this way or something happened to her, which changed her forever into this?"

Felix could feel that something was weird about Karra as his senses were tingling...But, he ended up dropping the subject as he had no time to waste on his maid when he had a tournament to prepare.

"Now, a fighting tournament that depends on imagination and fight experience?" Felix smiled coldly, 'Who can beat me in this department with my memories of the living world?'

The heavenly plane combat system could be considered as unlawless as long as one respected the laws of realism. For example, there was no affinities, runic familiarity, talent, or such.

The only two things that mattered were one's imagination and his spiritual/Soul power to bring uttered imagination to life.

Since all spirits were clueless about the living world and all of its fantastical abilities, it was extremely difficult to create real abilities based on imagination that could do great damages.

Felix did not even need to rely on his imagination as his previously created abilities were more than enough to rule those tournaments as long as he had enough spiritual power to create them.

'I think it's best to not use my old life's abilities too often as it might raise suspicion on Lord Hades. What do you think As...Sigh.'

Felix ended up massaging his eyelids with a heavy sigh after remembering that he was on his own...

He still remembered how much he wished for Asna's annoying voice to be gone from his mind in the earliest years of them being together.

But now? He wished for nothing more than her voice to return and keep him company...