Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Knowing that being depressed about this wouldn't help him with anything, Felix allowed his more dominant rational side to retake control.

"Let's see how those spirits fight." Felix commented as he turned on the holographic tv in the living room.

Then, he changed channels until he found the main channel responsible for broadcasting the tournaments across the entire heavenly plane.

The moment he clicked on it, a red-colored humanoid bunny reporter appeared at the bottom of the screen while the rest of the screen was displaying an ongoing battle.

In the heart of the fighting ring, an epic showdown was underway. The crowd had fallen into a hushed silence as two formidable warriors locked gazes.

One was "Monarch's Maul," a bulky, regal figure with a fearsome maul, and the other. was "Crimson Tempest, a lithe fighter with fiery-red hair and crackling flames at his fingertips.

"Fight!"

As the signal was given, Monarch's Maul charged first, the ground rumbling under his colossal weight.

The air compressed around his maul as he swung it with ferocious power, aiming at deathly blow at Crimson Tempest.

At the last second, Crimson Tempest deftly sidestepped, his figure blurring with his winds aiding his maneuverability.

Whoosh!!

Crimson Tempest then launched at counterattack, launching a tornado of flames toward Monarch's Maul. The crowd gasped as the flames roared and filled the air with stifling heat.

The Monarch raised his maul, calling upon his telekinetic power to summon a protective barrier, but the fire was too potent, too wild.

The flames twisted around the barrier, feeding off the wind they were conjured with. The barrier wavered and shattered, the powerful flames licking at the Monarch's skin, eliciting a grunt of pain. Smoke and ash clouded the vision of the Spectators.

With a swift and decisive movement, Crimson Tempest conjured a gale, the intense wind parting the smoke.

He shot forward like a bullet, propelled by the wind, a sharp blade of pressurized air forming around his arm!

He used the Monarch's momentary blindness and disorientation to his advantage.

The blade of air cut through the smoke, and before Monarch's Maul could react, it found its mark. A gasp ran through the crowd. The Monarch staggered backward, a visible gash on his shoulder, a clear sign of Crimson Tempest's victory!

"Congratulation to Crimson Tempest for advancing to the next round!"

Crimson Tempest stood still, his eyes never leaving his opponent as he was declared. the victor of this fierce battle.

Just as the crowd was about to erupt, Felix cut off the volume and rested his chin on his palm.

"The fight is extremely basic, reminding me of my own early fights." Felix pondered with a composed expression, "Is this the level of the entire tournament or just the early stages of it?"

Felix knew that if everyone used such a simple fighting style throughout the entire tournament, then he was bound to rule it even if he didn't use a single ability from his previous life..

For the next battles, this point seemed to, be proven more and more as not a single fighter had used any ability on the level of an omnipotent spell.

"Hmmm, this is getting interesting"

Felix raised an eyebrow in intrigue after noticing two golden-colored spirits reaching the finals and utilizing multiple different elemental abilities and those abilities could be considered deadly even in the living world!

"Goliath and Avalanche, those two must be the kings in this city when it came to combat." Felix commentated as he spectated their wild and elegant dance under the excited screams of the audience.

Even a blind person could see that those two were on a different level compared to other fighters as they could control at least five elements each and they had countless abilities and mixed techniques under their belt.

In addition, their telekinesis prowess made even Felix sweat a little internally as he realized that if he didn't improve his spiritual prowess, he could easily get crushed by their telekineses alone!

"There is no way twenty thousand Lumus worth of treasures is going to help him get close to their spiritual prowess. Felix narrowed his eyes, "I am bound to get a third place if I participated without proper preparation against them."

While winning ten thousand Lumus was amazing in other people's eyes, it wouldn't even cover his debt with Sekiro, don't even mention the entry fee to the tournament.

Felix was gunning for number one and if he wanted to achieve it, he had to find a way around the restriction imposed on him.

"It will be quite easy to handle their telekinesis by using destruction, void, or illusion element. But, it will attract too much attention to me and I can't afford that."

Using rare elements in those tournaments was one thing, but using the ones he was known for in the living world was another.I think you should take a look at

Felix didn't dare risk getting caught by Lord Hades or the ethereal elders.

'I need a new element, something completely unassociated with my previous life, and it is powerful enough to help me against those two veterans. Any suggestions?' Felix asked for Asna's input even though he was conscious of the fact that she wasn't with him.

Even when no one responded to him, he kept talking like she was there with him.

'What do you think about gravity? Spirits are banned from turning into their spiritual forms during the battles, so it will be great against them.'

'But, I don't think it will be enough to challenge their telekinesis....There must be something else.'

Even though there were plenty of elements to choose from, Felix kept eliminating them as fast as they pop up in his mind.

Common elements such as fire, wind, earth, and water were either useless in his situation or he had an association with them.

The same applied to most uncommon elements.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

As for rare elements? He eliminated void, illusion, time, space, and destruction right off the bat due to their relationship with him.

What was left was life, death, creation, and vibration.

Life and death elements were useless in battles against spirits, which meant only creation and vibration were valuable options.

'Creation element in the spirit realm is also useless since everyone can use their imagination to create whatever they wanted.'

In the living world where there were strict laws and rules, the creation element could be considered the strongest element due to its versatility...But here? Everyone could be considered as using creation elements since their creations were based on the limitation of their imagination and spiritual prowess.

'I guess vibration element is the best option. for me at the moment.' Felix said to himself, 'Fortunately, I studied it closely when I considered it as an option.'

Due to the vibration primogenitor's early passing, no one really knew too much about the vibration element and its abilities.

This would make anyone in the spirit realm: assume that Felix was using his imagination purely to control the vibration, frequencies, and waves in the heavenly plane.

"Though, I need to prepare greatly to be skilled in it"

While the element was powerful and perfect in his situation, Felix understood that it wasn't going to be easy to create its abilities.

Still, he didn't hesitate to leave his apartment and fly straight to the complex's roof to begin his training.

He perched there, legs crossed, his azure eyes reflecting the starlight. The cool night wind caressed his face, gently ruffling his hair, but his mind was miles away.

"Let's start with something simple."

With a deep breath, Felix uncurled his fingers, palm outstretched to the heavens above. He closed his eyes, focusing his thoughts on the void of his palm.

It was a ripple in the pond of his thoughts, a sudden spark in the depth of his consciousness.

When he opened his eyes again, a tiny flame, no bigger than a candle's light, flickered in the center of his palm.

It was a small thing, a wisp of fire suspended in the open air, yet it felt monumental. The flame danced and swirled, casting wavering shadows that flickered across Felix's face.

'As long as I know how the laws of fire works, I can create it using my imagination...What an fascinating concept.' Felix narrated as he controlled the flame's orange hue to shift into a vibrant red, then into a soothing blue.

A silent order and the flame turned a brilliant green, filling the rooftop with an otherworldly glow...Then, it was a deep indigo, a color that mirrored the night sky.

Those weren't just normal color changes.. but actually changing the characteristic of fire!

If other spirits knew that he pulled this of in a few seconds, they would honestly worship him for being the most talented spirit in the heavenly plane.

But in reality, Felix was merely drawing from his memory.

'I can't use attributes as well.' With a blink of an eye, the flame's color returned to orange.

'Now, let's see how vibration works.'