Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The two red fangs' members found themselves outside of the apartment as fast as they entered it, the door closing behind them with a loud thud.

Still shaken, they looked at each other and saw the dread in their eyes.

'What do we do? What do we say to Boss Alves?'

'We give it to him straight and pull ourselves from this mess.' His partner exhaled deeply, 'We are too small to get involved in a conflict between ethereal elders.'

He nodded in agreement and flew away from the apartment, not daring to annoy Felix any longer.

Their reaction was understandable as the lease was signed with Elder Kraken's name, which was enough to put absolute terror in anyone's heart within the heavenly plane.

They had no clue about this beforehand since the leasing was supervised by their subordinates and not everyone was familiar with ethereal elders' names as they almost never make an appearance outside of the council.

Meanwhile, Felix was being grilled inside by Sekiro after the sudden retreat of red fangs.

"How did you make them leave so fast? Red Fangs Organization fears no one but governmental officials." Sekiro asked with an intrigued tone.

"Is that so?" Felix rubbed his chin, "What exactly do they do?"

"They can be considered as a hedge fund. They are known to invest in anything with an opportunity to earn Lumus. Their aggressive investment method caused them to lose plenty of Lumus, but it still didn't offset the amount earned in their hits."

"This entire complex is nothing but one of the tens of other complexes across the entire heavenly plane."

"Is that so?" Felix said calmly, "So, they are considered big shots in the city, right?"

"More than you can imagine." Sekiro fished for a reaction, "So, for them to leave us alone, they must have been scared by someone much bigger...The government is the only thing bigger than them."

Alas, Felix didn't bother to clear his doubts by exposing Elder Kraken.

He knew that would bring him trouble and Felix merely wanted to use his name as a threat not flaunt it around with each chance he had.

If he wasn't confident that the Red Fangs organization would keep the information to themselves, he wouldn't have brought it out.

But, a contract was a contract.

Regardless of the noble pulling the strings, they could not give out Elder Kraken's name or any other name of the leased tenants without their permission.

...

As expected, the moment those two members returned to the headquarters and updated their boss, he was put in a tough predicament.

"Such a f*king terrible luck, what do I say to Duke Humphrey?" Alves rubbed his tiresome eyelids.

He was an imposing figure who carried the aura of a majestic eagle. His sharp eyes, as piercing as an eagle's gaze, never missed a detail.

There was an unwavering sureness in his steps, as though he could see everything from a great height, surveying his surroundings like a raptor. His hair, styled back, was the color of burnished gold, much like an eagle's plumage under sunlight.

It was clear to anyone who looked upon him that Boss Alves commanded respect, his presence as formidable and regal as the king of birds.

Yet, at this very moment, he seemed like a bird caught in a cage.

"Boss, we may not be allowed to give out the name, but we can tell him that the blacklisted spirit is residing under a noble's protection and we can't do anything about it." His subordinate suggested.

"This is a lazy response and the duke isn't going to like it very much, especially when he has bailed our organization more than three times." Boss Alvis shook his head, "We are in this whether we like it or not. The least we can do is find a way to kick them out of our complex and pass this hot potato to someone else."

Boss Alves wasn't fond of unnecessary conflicts, especially when he had nothing to gain from them.

In this instant, he saw nothing to earn from this conflict besides upsetting one of the elders regardless of what he did.

"How can we do that?" His subordinate, "I doubt that man is going to agree to void the lease."

"Shower him with Lumus until he will have no choice but to accept the offer and leave voluntarily." Boss Alves ordered.

As a businessman, he understood that relations and networks were the greatest assets one could own at the upper echelons.

While Lumus was important, maintaining those relations was much more serious as it might result in his entire empire falling apart with a mere mistake.I think you should take a look at

So, before the duke could use them as a pawn to create Felix's life hell and antagonize Elder Kraken, he was planning to buy him off and send him to another district in the city outside of his jurisdiction!

In a sense, he would be completing his main task as Karra would get kicked out of the apartment as the Duke wanted.

"Make it happen quickly. I need to report an update to the duke before he gets antsy."

The moment they heard this, the two wolfish spirits returned to Felix's apartment as fast as they could.

Then, they rang the bell and were met with Sekiro again.

This time, they didn't even wait for him to welcome them as they straight out went to the living room and offered with a serious tone, "Five Thousand Lumus and a full refund of the two-year lease that's paid to cancel the contract."

"Didn't I tell you to never come back again?" Felix eyed them nonchalantly, "Do you want me to get the law enforcers involved?"

"Ten thousand Lumus as a bonus!"

"Sekiro, call the law enforcers and tell them we are being harassed by the landlord."

"Twenty thousand Lumus!" The wolfish spirits' faces got flushed in anger and frustration as this bonus was too much for them to stomach.

Alas, their leader told them to offer him anything as long as he decide to leave.

"They are on the way, Sir." Sekiro informed.

"Good." Felix didn't even acknowledge the two wolfish spirits' existence and kept watching the tv, which made them even madder.

"How can you act like this?! We are offering you twenty thousand Lumus and even a refund of the lease. You will have more or less seventy thousand Lumus in your account without lifting a finger."

"Stop being stubborn and accept the damn offer." His partner eyed Felix coldly, "We can't go any higher than this."

When Felix heard this, he pressed pause on his remote control and finally turned to look at them.

Even though he was a mere red-colored spirit, his unblinking emotionless stare sent a shiver down their spine as they felt like they were being stared at by a real predator.

Just as the pressure started to get too heavy on them, Felix turned to Sekiro and asked, "Sekiro, what's the cheapest amount needed to purchase an apartment near the center of the city?"

"The prices change depending on the seasons and the market, but currently, it will cost you more than half a million to own an apartment in that area." Sekiro anwsered.

Felix turned back to the wolfish spirits and disclosed casually as he returned to watching the tv, "If you want me gone, proposal me that."

"You..."Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

His condition made them both feel a sudden urge to beat the living sh*t out of him and then kick him out of the apartment against his will.

Half a million Lumus? Even when their leader told them to proposal him what he wanted, they knew that he never meant for the price to reach this height!

It was just ludicrous to even consider his offer.

One of them took a deep breath to relax his emotions and said, "Thirty Thousand Lumus as a bonus is our last offer. Take it if you are smart, if not, we will create you regr.."

"What's going on here?"

Abruptly, the wolfish spirit's speech was caught midway by the sudden entry of a silver featureless spirit.

He was tall and imposing, every inch of him radiating an authority that seemed to press against the very walls of the room.

His form shimmered with a dazzling silver hue, reflecting and refracting the lights in the room.

He wore a uniform of the law enforcers, a high-collared tunic of the deepest silver adorned with various insignia and emblems, their meaning lost on Felix.

"I am being harassed in my house by them."

Felix pointed his finger at them without an ounce of hesitation, causing their expression to get pale instantly!

'You!!'