Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"Why are you harassing your tenant?"

The law enforcer gave the two wolfish spirits a cold stare, making their hearts almost leap out of their throats.

They ought to be afraid as the law enforcers' punishments were extremely severe and in the best scenario, they would get a considerable amount of Lumus liquified from them.

"There was just a misunderstanding, we never meant to harass him and will never dare do so to our precious tenants."

One of them swiftly tried to de-escalate the situation...Alas, Felix wasn't planning to let this die out this easily as he had a much more sinister plan in mind.

"Sir, they have barged into my house twice like they own the place. I have paid for two years of the lease in advance and I am still being treated like this." Felix shook his head, "I wonder how others are treated if they dared miss a monthly payment?"Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

'Bastard!!'

'Sh*t!'

Chills coursed on the wolfish spirits' spines at his suggestive statement as they understood immediately that Felix was setting them up to get a much deeper investigation from the law enforcers!

They knew that if the law enforcers' interest was piqued and he decided to dig deeper, he would find their true harassment of other tenants, which would be enough to penalize them and even their entire organization quite significantly!

What's worse, if Felix decided to take it even deeper, he could bring out Karra's situation and expose the fact that she was blacklisted.

While it would be difficult for them to win the case without legit evidence, this matter would harm the duke's reputation nevertheless and it would have happened because of their organization!

'Seventy thousand Lumus as a bonus and I will drop this.'

Suddenly, a lifeline was dropped to their rescue...Though this line was filled with thorns, making them understand if they dared to latch into it, they were bound to be left with bloody wounds.

Still, they knew that if Felix kept pressuring the law enforcer with this case, the consequences would be much more severe than a single shush money.

'Greedy f*cker! Fifty thousand and you will stay the f*ck away from our organization for eternity.'

'Seventy thousand and I will leave this trash hole...Also, don't negotiate with me as the moment I get asked to file the case, it will be too late for you.' Felix counteroffered causally.

'You hooligan!'

The wolfish spirits were left with hearts burning with fury, but their expressions had to remain the same to not alert the law enforcer.

"Are you willing to file a case against their harassment or against their entire organization?" The law enforcer asked Felix.

Felix looked at the wolfish spirits one last time and then opened his mouth, "I wan..."

'Fine! Fine! You have a deal!'

"I would like to take a couple of minutes to contact my lawyer."

"Feel free to exert your rights." The law enforcer nodded.

Instead of calling this fake lawyer, Felix drafted a quick agreement and sent it to the two wolfish spirits exclusively, making them understand that it would be impossible for them to go back on their word when the law enforcer leave.

Without any option left, they signed the agreement begrudgingly.

Felix lowered his head apologetically towards the law enforcer the moment he received the signed contract.

"I am sorry for wasting your time, but looks like there won't be any need to take further actions against my landlords. It's a simple misunderstanding and we have resolved it amicably."

"Are you sure?"

The law enforcer narrowed his eyes at the two wolfish spirits, knowing that many spirits end up getting intimidated and pressured to cave in when the moment comes either due to some hush money or pressure from above.

"I am positive, thank you so much for your service." Felix assured him, his voice as steady as ever.

"Hmm."

The law enforcer could only nod his head and take his leave as he couldn't pursue this case anymore without the victim's approval.

This was one of the many reasons why many low-ranked spirits were getting screwed over by the big companies and such.I think you should take a look at

The moment he left, Felix's expression turned indifferent again.

"Go bring me my money, you have half an hour to make it happen." He ordered, not caring about the red fangs' members seething in absolute rage.

"Wait here."

Alas, they could only grit their teeth and return to the headquarter, knowing that the contract would be considered breached if Felix didn't receive his money in the set period.

The penalty for breaching the contract wasn't light in the slightest.

"Sir Felix, are you sure this is the right move?" Sekiro asked, his eyes showing a deep sense of concern.

While he had no clue about the details between Felix and the red fang's members, he comprehended that they had reached some sort of a deal that wasn't in favor of them in the slightest.

"What's to worry about? They want to kick us out to distance themselves from our problems, I just made them pay a decent amount for it." Felix replied.

"I am not talking about that." Sekiro shook his head, "Having this much Lumus wouldn't matter if we can't find a place to stay unless your master leased a new place for us or we changed cities entirely. Even if we dropped Karra, it wouldn't matter much as they will be doing this out of spite for us."

Sekiro was certain that the Red Fangs Organization would make an extra effort to reach out to their network and warn them about Felix's party.

With the duke's involvement, no one would want to house Felix even if he paid triple the asking price or provide other services.

"Don't worry too much about this, I have everything covered." Felix said without a tint of stress in his voice.

"You know best..." Sekiro sighed exasperatedly and sat down next to him.

'What did I get myself involved in?'

Sekiro really started to have some regretful thoughts about becoming Felix's servant. Who could blame him? barely half a day went by and they had already offended a big-time player in the city and were about to get thrown into the streets.

Still, he had no plans of ditching Felix as while he was eccentric and somewhat of a troublemaker, he showcased his loyalty by defending Karra even though he had just brought her under his wing.

That's something he appreciated more than anything else.

"I...I have made food."

Suddenly, Karra came out of the kitchen using her telekinesis to control many plates filled with deliciously looking meals.

After she put them on the table, she retreated to the back and waited silently with her head lowered.

"What are you doing?" Felix asked.

"N..Nothing?" She flinched.

"Sit down with us and eat before it goes cold." Felix shared casually as he began eating with Sekiro.

The unexpected offer made Karra speechless, her indigo eyes widening in shock as she stared at Felix.

A small, skeptical smile formed on her lips, a stark contrast to the teardrops beginning to pool in her eyes. "You... you want me to sit at the table with you?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

A flurry of emotions coursed through her small frame. Happiness for the respect Felix was showing her, and sadness for the stark contrast this had to her previous life.

A searing wave of bitter memories surfaced, recalling her past where she ate her meals off the floor while her former master dined comfortably at the table, ignoring her presence.

She was not a animal companion to be fed scraps, but a spirit deserving of respect. And for the first time since her servitude, someone was acknowledging her worth.

Trembling slightly, she placed her hand on the chair's back, pulling it out slowly. Her gaze lingered on Felix for a moment longer before she finally allowed herself to sit down, relishing the feeling of acceptance and respect.

The smile on her face, though tinged with sadness, was undoubtedly the most genuine one she had shown in a long time.

And so, the three of them dined in silence uncaring about the chaos they had risen back in the Red Fangs Headquarters...

"He dares to make a mockery out of our sincere offer and threaten us? He dares?!"