Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Boss Alves' eyes grew insanely cold as he couldn't tolerate such a massive loss of Lumus to a single individual...Especially, when he got it through blackmailing them.

"Be calm, be calm, he is only this cocky due to his relation to an ethereal elder...It won't do me or my organization any good to get entangled with him even after paying such an exorbitant price." Boss Alves managed to keep his emotions in check and see the bigger picture.

While he was more than livid with Felix, he understood that it would be a foolish mistake to antagonize him as the duke would definitely use them as his number one weapon against him.

It would make all of their efforts for naught.

Still, he wasn't going to let Felix walk out of this without feeling their wrath.

"Blacklist him and anyone related to him. I don't want him to get in our houses, in our markets, buy any kind of service, or even take a sh*t in peace!" Boss Alves ordered coldly, "If he wants to live a normal life from now on in my city, he better use his elder's name all the time."

"On it!"

"Consider it done!"

A full-scale blacklist was what made Karra's situation this horrible.

Since it came from a duke, even transportation services denied her requests to change cities, forcing her to remain imprisoned in one city.

While the Red Fangs Organization's influence wasn't as potent as the Duke, Felix's experience was bound to become less and less smooth.

After his subordinates left, Boss Alves took two deep breaths and reached out to his contact list...Then, he pressed on Duke Humphrey's name.

The moment the call was picked up, Boss Alves' voice echoed throughout the room.

"I have good news, Duke,"

His fingers played with a golden eagle pendant around his neck. "Our little nuisance, Karra, has been kicked back to the unforgiving streets. Furthermore, I've managed to blacklist her current master. He won't be having fun anywhere in the city unless he invoked his master's name."

Duke Humphrey chuckled, a hollow sound that echoed ominously, "Excellent work, Alves. I knew we could count on you."

"But," Alves added, his tone turning serious. "The master, he has a noble backing him. I fear my reach does not extend that far."

"A noble?" Duke Humphrey's laugh died down. "Who is it?"

"I can not disclose the information as his name has been used in the lease." Boss Alves narrowed his eyes, "All I can tell you is that he matches your authority."

"Interesting...Interesting indeed..."

Without any announcement, the hologram faded away, leaving Boss Alves staring into the wall.

"It doesn't seem like he is planning to drop this even with another elder involved." Boss Alves frowned, "What the hell did that little servant do to him to behave like this?"

...

One hour later...

Felix, Sekiro, and Karra could be seen walking through the streets of the bazaar.The Red Fangs came through and paid Felix per the contract, causing both Sekiro and Karra's eyes to almost leap from their sockets at the amount he had obtained.

Felix straight away paid his debt to Sekiro, making him incapable of knowing how to feel about the whole situation.

Just a while ago, Felix was as broke as almost any newcomer. In an instant, he became a decently rich spirit with all things considered.

Though, his riches came with a nasty price.

"Everyone is rejecting us...It's because of me...I am sorry..." Karra apologized with a depressed tone after another seller rejected to do business with them.

When Felix had gotten the payment, he went straight to the bazaar to secure as many spiritual treasures as possible, expecting that the Red Fangs were going to blacklist him.

Unfortunately, even when he had acted quickly, they were even faster and almost the entire bazaar refused to do business with them to avoid antagonizing the big man.

Felix had no plans to use elder Kraken's name in such a public space, which made them incapable of buying a single spiritual treasure in the past fifteen minutes.

"It's not you." Felix replied indifferently,

"Let's visit the Colosseum."Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In the end, Felix didn't bother wasting more of his time on this and took off toward the Colosseum.I think you should take a look at

He learned from Karra's information gathering that all tournaments were held in them and that the only method to participate was to show up, run a short trial, and if approved, pay the entry fees and wait until it start.

After a short while, they arrived at their destination.

Nestled in the heart of Astralis, the grandeur of the Colosseum immediately drew one's gaze.

A spectacular feat of modern and fantastical architecture, it combined sleek, silver-white materials and intricately carved celestial patterns that glowed under the influence of ambient spiritual energy.

The colossal structure had an open-air design, allowing spectators a glimpse of the cerulean skies above.

Its tiers of seats, crafted from a crystalline material, rose in successive circles from the battleground at the center, giving an clear view to thousands of spectators.

At the epicenter, an wide arena sat, layered with protective enchantments and bound by an invisible barrier.

Strategically placed around the colosseum, massive holographic screens floated in, mid-air, ensuring that no moment of the high-octane battles would be missed, regardless of where the audience was seated.

Felix approached the Colosseum with an indifferent expression.

As he neared the Colosseum's entrance, the cacophonous cheers of the crowd echoed around him, reminding him of the times he spent in the supremacy games.

While these noises had intimidated Karra and many newcomers, Felix walked inside like he owned the place.

Standing at a sleek desk outside the entrance was an elegantly dressed spirit, shimmering with an aura of authoritative calm. His vibrant emerald skin contrasted with his silver ceremonial attire, and his eyes, an intense violet, scrutinized the participants entering the arena.

There was a decent line in front of him and Felix stood at the back with his servants.

When his turn had arrived, he wanted to introduce himself when the spirit raised a hand to stop him.

"My apologies, but you don't fit the requirements to join the tournament." The spirit's voice rang out with an regretful tone.

'They have a reach even here?'

Felix felt a ripple of surprise passes through him. His eyes hardened as he retorted, "I have every right to participate, just like any other spirit."

The attendant's eyes narrowed. "Sir, don't make this difficult for me, you know why I can't have you join."

Refusing to back down, Felix crossed his arms, maintaining his cold gaze on the attendant. "Do I look like I give a sh*t about your woes? You either sign me up or I will get a law enforcer involved."

Felix couldn't do much to the shop owners since it was their products and they had every right to deny selling him, but the same didn't apply to the Colosseum.

It was a governmental building and all of its related departments followed strict rules.

In this case, Felix had every right to join the tournament as long as he could pass the trial and pay the fees.

"Sir, trust me, turn around and walk away."

The official leaned closer and whispered, "Blacklisted spirits go through a different trial oriented to inflict as much pain as possible."

Felix believed him as he knew that the trials and such could be manipulated by the trial supervisors.

If they were paid a decent amount, it was more than possible to make it impossible for him to pass it and even if he did, he would need to go through so much pain and struggle to the point, no one would think it was worth the participation anymore.

Still...

"I don't care, sign me up." Felix replied detachedly.

"It's your funeral."

The entry keeper shook his head at his stubbornness and took Felix's information for a moment before handing him his fighter's card.

It had a number on it and an empty place for a name.

'If I choose landlord again, I will get cuffed out of the heavenly realm instantly.'

Felix tapped the card in his hand and walked inside the Colosseum, his mind brewing for a new name, a new legacy, and a new way to terrorize anyone in his path!