Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As he walked through the Colosseum, many names flew by Felix's head...Some were cool, some were downright bad, but none clicked in his mind.

Just as he wanted to use a random name and be done with it, his eyes were attracted to a gift shop at the corner.

It was packed with spirits buying either take away gifts from their favorite fighters or cheering preps.

This scene made him come up with the perfect name.

'This should do.'

He wrote it down on the card and placed it inside his pocket...Then, he continued towards the heart of the Colosseum where the trials were being held.

A few minutes later...

As Felix stepped into the arena. It was a gargantuan circular stage made of ethereal crystals, shimmering with an otherworldly glow.

Its surface was smooth yet durable, built to withstand the intense battles that would unfold upon it.

The arena's periphery was enveloped by towering, translucent barriers that ensured the safety of the spectators while providing them with an unobstructed view of the exhilarating fights.

Seats, formed from the same crystalline material, cascaded upwards in tiers around the arena, accommodating thousands of spectators who came to feast their eyes on the spectacle of power and strategy.

At the center of the arena, the fighters platform stood elevated...It was where the spirit combatants clashed.

At the moment, it was packed with hundreds of spirit fighters, spread out across the stage, their bodies glowing with vibrant hues.

The colors were as varied as the spirits themselves. Some were ethereal yellow while others shimmered in a tranquil green that evoked the freshness of nature.

However, it was the spirits radiating with red and orange auras that held the majority. They were like living flames, their bodies flickering and pulsating with raw power.

When Felix joined them, he was nothing but a mere swipe of a brush on a canvas of colors, merging and disappearing into its perfection.

High above the thrumming excitement of the Colosseum, nestled in their luxurious VIP booths, the city's richest spirits lounged in the lap of ethereal decadence.

Their translucent forms, glittering with hues of golden colors, leaned forward against the translucent barrier, their discerning eyes critically appraising the sea of fighters below.

"I say, this year's talent seems exceptionally vibrant," a tall, regal beautiful spirit, mused, her diamond-like eyes carefully following a particularly aggressive red fighter in the arena.

"Indeed, Lady Iris," another spirit draped in golden hue agreed, "There are more than forty red spirits and most of them are previously known fighters. Haha, looks like I will be spending a fortune on my sponsorship this year."

The group continued in this vein, some expressing interest in certain fighters, others disdain, but all were engaged, their spirits alight with anticipation and the thrill of the hunt.

The Colosseum had become their marketplace, the fighters their commodities, and they, the elites, held the power to change the fate of these contenders with their sponsorship.

Most of the fighters below had no intentions of paying three thousand Lumus as an entrance fee straightaway.Instead, their main goal was to give an amazing performance during the trials and hopefully attract the interest of those rich lords.

If they pulled it off, their entrance fee would be paid off in addition to receiving significant support from their sponsor to get stronger if they proved themselves to have the highest chance of winning the tournament.

Those rich lords were doing this for the sake of entertainment, but at the same time, they had plenty to earn from wagers, advertisements, the final cash price, and such.

"Are you going to put your Ravager in this tournament again, Mr. Atticus?" Lady Iris inquired as she eyed a lean muscular ogre-like man, wearing a dignified robe, making him resemble an authoritative king.

"Yes." He responded, his voice rough and deep.

"Last year's defeat has crushed us all, but he has given it his best and we believe that he should be ready to represent our capital and bring the trophy home." Boss Gideon stressed, his appearance resembling a humanoid hummingbird.I think you should take a look at

"Hold on now, I know that the Ravager is considered the most powerful fighter in our city, but it's too soon to proclaim him as the winner." Madam Arabella smirked. "I have prepared a respectable batch of combatants for this year's tournament and I am certain that they will give your fighter a run for his money."

"I guess you won't be picking anyone from this batch?" Lady Iris wondered.

"While it does look decent, no one has caught my eye to waste an entire sponsorship slot on him." Madam Arabella acted disinterested as she watched the hundreds of combatants hurdled together.

"Wait for them to fight before judging."RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"We will see..."

Creek!

Suddenly, the VIP's chamber door was opened and everyone's attention was attracted to it. When they spotted the newcomer, all of them displayed startled reactions.

"Hmm, Alves? What are you doing here? I thought you aren't interested in such 'meaningless' fights." Lady Iris said.

"I am here to watch a rat struggle." Boss Alves responded with a cold tone as he sat down next to them.

The moment Felix signed up for the tournament, the news reached Boss Alves and he came straightway to the Colosseum to watch Felix suffering in agony to vent some of his anger.

His peers were taken aback by his response as they knew that Boss Alves was known for not having almost no enemies due to his pacifist approach.

"For someone to piss you off, I wonder what he has done."

"Is it the newly banned spirit?"

"Must be, it's been a while since you have blacklisted anyone."

"Can you point him for us?"

His peers joined the discussion and grilled him for answers for their own amusement. Boss Alves' eyelids twitched as he anticipated as much...But, he didn't get himself sucked in and remained silent, causing them to get annoyed.

"Fine, we will figure it out on our own." Madam Arabella reached out to her subordinates and in less than a few seconds, she found out about Felix and what he looked like.

It was quite easy when he was banned and almost everyone knew about his appearance from their unified network.

"He does look interesting with his indifferent attitude and eagle-like eyes." She observed with a curious tone as she zoomed in on Felix.

"Is it just me or does he gives off veteran vibes like he is an old fighter?" Lady Iris frowned.

"He does gives off a similar vibe, but it can't be." Boss Gideon shook his head, "Based on his details, he should be either a new arrival to the city or to the entire realm."

Even rich and powerful lords like them in the city had no right to access such private information about the spirits in the heavenly plane.

So, none of them had any clue that Felix had just arrived on the heavenly plane today!

"Veteran? We will see how he fares in the trial I organized for him." Boss Alves smirked coldly.

"You gave him the special package? For you to pay so much for it, you really want him to suffer."

"This will be fun, hehe."

All of them seemed to have forgotten about the other combatants and now had their attention solely placed on Felix, knowing that no one had passed the special package trial ever since its introduction!