Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As the echoes of the blast gradually faded, all eyes were locked on the nonchalant figure that was Felix.

For a moment, the audience seemed to have forgotten how to breathe, the spectacle they had witnessed leaving them momentarily paralyzed.

The VIP section, usually abuzz with chatter and laughter, was pin-drop silent.The silence was finally broken by a gasp from the crowd as the reality of what had happened set in.

"What the hell was that?!!"

"Did he use telekinesis to blow them up?! It can't be!"

"What kind of imaginary power enables him to pull this off?!"

Murmurs began to ripple through the audience like a wave, growing louder with each passing second.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The word 'perfect' could be heard whispered in disbelief, echoing throughout the Colosseum.

While it seemed easy to pull off such a feat, everyone knew that it shouldn't be possible for anyone besides known veterans.

After all, many targets were extremely difficult to pinpoint their position and they were immune to telekinesis, making it impossible to stop them!

In the VIP section, Boss Alves and his peers who had been leisurely sipping their drinks choked on their beverages, their eyes riveted on the disintegrating targets. Staring at the departing figure of Felix, they could hardly believe what they had seen. Disbelief and shock were etched on their faces as they frantically tried to comprehend the scale of Felix's performance.

A hushed whisper broke the stunned silence of the VIP section. "That... That was...," Lady Iris stumbled, unable to find the right words.

"Incredible." Boss Gideon completed the sentence, his eyes still locked onto Felix's retreating figure.

"Alves, are you sure he isn't a veteran from a faraway city who moved here?" Madam Arabella asked.

"I don't know." Boss Alves narrowed his eyes.

If it wasn't for Felix's association with Elder Kraken, he would have believed just like the others that Felix must have come from a different city.

But it was known that ethereal elders pick their servants from the capital alone, which pushed many spirits to move into the capital and hope to hit the jackpot during their recruitment competitions.

Still, he wasn't completely confident about his theory since he didn't find any information about Felix's existence in any of those competitions.

This meant that he was either recruited directly from the shadows or he just came recently to the heavenly plane and was picked up straightaway by Elder Kraken. Whatever it was, Boss Alves was beginning to find himself uncomfortable being in this conflict.

'Don't p*ssy out too soon, he just passed the accuracy test, there are still three more tests and there is no way he is going to pass them.'

Boss Alves pushed down his emotions and hardened his expression, reminding himself of the bullshit Felix pulled against his organization.

"Woah...Master is so strong."

"No wonder he was that confident..."

Meanwhile, Karra and Sekiro were left even more stunned than everyone else. Because of Felix's eccentrics and clear lack of knowledge about the heavenly plane, they had a strong belief that he was a new spirit.

Yet, here he was, giving everyone a spectacle no one expected.

"Move to the side," Goliath ordered with a tint of irritation in his voice, not pleased in the slightest with Felix's passing.

Felix did as he was told and waited for the next round of the trial to begin...It didn't take long before those other two fighters got eliminated like the rest, leaving him all alone.

This created a weird scene as all the other groups had a sizable chunk of fighters in the second round while he was face-to-face with the supervisor.

"Next trial is a telekinesis test. You will have to obtain a perfect score in all presented challenges to pass it." Goliath said, not bothering to explain in detail.

Fortunately, Felix came prepared as the information obtained by Karra had everything related to the trials in it.

"Start!"

Goliath's gaze hardened as he gestured for the telekinesis test to commence.

The crowd watched with bated breath as Felix was suddenly surrounded by a flurry of objects - sharp discs, weighted spheres, and jagged stones, each suspended mid-air and primed to attack!

There were hundreds of them, which sent shivers down each fighter's spine.

"He is so doomed."

"Sigh, even a veteran's telekinesis barrier will cave in against this barrage."

"Getting blacklisted is really a death sentence..."

On Goliath's signal, the projectiles began their assault, flying toward Felix from every direction!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!...

Everyone anticipated that Felix would pop out his telekinesis barrier and defend himself, but instead, he simply moved, evading the speeding projectiles like he was never in their target!

Whether it was Goliath, the city's upper echelon, the fighters, or the viewers, every one of them was left petrified, charmed by his movement akin to a snake getting hypnotized by a snake's charmer!

Their reaction was understandable as Felix's movements were fluid like water flowing around stones. There was an uncanny grace in the way he sidestepped a spear, ducked under a flying disc, and somersaulted over a group of arrows.

His every movement was in balance with his environment, creating a dance of evasion that left the crowd in awe. His eyes were the primary guide, predicting the trajectory of each projectile with an accuracy that seemed almost supernatural!

One moment, he would be standing straight, the next, he would be bending backward, the projectiles missing him by a hair's breadth.

At times, he would slide under the projectiles, his body nearly parallel to the ground. And at other times, he would leap into the air, twisting and turning to avoid the barrage of attacks!I think you should take a look at

His rhythm never faltered, even when the pace quickened.

WHOOOAHH!!! WHOOOAHH!!

When the viewers finally couldn't hold it in, they burst into thunderous excited cheers with each successful evasion!

"I can't believe this...The trial is meant to test the hardness of the telekinesis barrier, yet he hasn't materialized even one." Lady Iris covered her mouth in shock, sharing the same reaction as her peers.

"This..."

Only Boss Alves seemed to have taken it much harder as with each successful dodge, his instinct screamed at him to stay the f*ck out of Felix's path as he was no ordinary individual.

"To pull this off, one has to be either super talented in fighting and his entire personality was oriented towards this or his battle experience is simply too godly."

Boss Gideon commentated as he watched Felix land lightly on his feet without a single scratch on his body, the ground around him filled with a mountain of deadly weapons...

Felix dusted his clothes nonchalantly and lifted his head up, staring at his end result on the screen.

-The Traveler...0% damage! Perfect score!-

The condition to pass the test wasn't to use the telekinesis shield but to receive the lowest percentage of damage possible.

For those fighters, the only possible way was through using their trusted barriers instead of copying Felix's method!

The moment Felix read the score, he lowered his gaze a bit and eyed Goliath whose expression seemed a bit pale like he had seen an alive person.

"What's next?" Felix called, his voice as steady as always.

"Telekinesis control, you need to score one thousand points in less than a minute to pass." Goliath uttered coldly.

Boo! Boo!

This didn't please the crowd one bit as they started to feel a sense of admiration and appreciation for Felix who was going against such biased trials and still acing them!

Alas, Goliath couldn't give a shit as he was paid with the rest of the supervisors handsomely to get rid of Felix and if he failed to make it happen, there would be severe consequences.

This time, several floating platforms were brought out, each sporting multiple hoops of different sizes that moved erratically in a three-dimensional space.

While Felix wasn't given an explanation to make the test harder, he knew that he needed to manipulate an array of objects-spheres, cubes, and other complex shapes with telekinesis and aim them into their rightful moving hoops.

The difficulty lay not just in the movement of the targets, but in the skill required to handle the different shapes and sizes, in addition, to the mental energy consumption.

Felix didn't use the telekinesis barrier before because he knew that his spiritual prowess wasn't in a comfortable spot yet to succeed in both tests in a perfect fashion.

Now, he had to use his telekinesis control as no other method was allowed to move those objects.

"Start!"

Felix took a deep breath and extended his hand. Instantly, one of the spheres rose from the ground and hung suspended in the air.

His eyes narrowed as he watched the movement of the hoops. He moved his fingers subtly, and the sphere shot forward, adjusting its path in mid-air to perfectly fit into a hoop that was just about to move.

Cling! 10 points rewarded!

The crowd broke into applause, but Felix was merely warming up.

"Arise."

He jerked his finger to the sky and more than a hundred objects flew into the sky and hovered around him akin to planets circling a star!

Before anyone could react, he launched them into the moving hoops, the objects moved fluidly through the air, swerving and adjusting their paths according to the hoops' movement, and landed perfectly into their targets!!

Ting! Ting! Ting!...

"..."

"..."

"..."

The onlookers were left absolutely speechless as they could only stare with widened eyes at the sight of hundreds of differently shaped objects fitting perfectly into their hoops, causing the screen to keep ringing nonstop and his score to increase explosively!

200 points...300 points...500 points...1000 points...

1500 points!!

While Felix was given one minute to finish the test, he ended up putting all of the objects in their rightful hoops in less than five seconds, demonstrating an mysterious level of accuracy and control.

As the test concluded, Felix let his hand fall to his side, a look of calm satisfaction on his face, but deep inside, he was running on fumes as his mental energy was on the verge of exhaustion.

Fortunately, the telekinesis trial had only those two challenges and he had passed them with flying colors.

"What's next?" He called yet again, causing Goliath to feel a sense of dread looming on his shoulders.

'Sh*t, I only have one more trial. What do I need to do to get rid of this monster??!'