Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

While Felix was being cheered at by the audience as he was walking away from the arena, two sets of bewitching eyes were affixed on him.

In the solitude of her room within the ethereal palace, Asna stood before a projection that mirrored the events of the Colosseum.

It showcased Felix's trials in vivid detail, allowing her to be there in spirit if not body. As Felix overcame each trial, a complex set of emotions played out in her vibrant eyes.

Initially, there was confusion, as she neither recognized Felix's appearance nor his personality, both were vastly different than his previous life.

However, the moment she looked at his eyes, she recognized him immediately as the eyes could never lie...

Then, a sense of relief washed over her, followed by a strange amalgamation of pride, sadness, and longing.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

But as he emerged victorious against Goliath, her heart lapsed...This was a Felix she had never known, his countenance cold, his movements ruthless, his spirit devoid of the warmth and kindness she remembered.

He was like a robot in the form of a spirit with nothing but eyes and the battle experience of her beloved.

"What happened to you..." She muttered, her hand reaching out to the projection, touching Felix's expressionless visage. He was no longer the Felix she knew and loved. The bitterness of this reality stung like a fresh wound, reopening the scars she had tried so hard to heal.

'Did he already forget me? Did he already give up on me?

Tears welled up in her eyes, but she did not blink them away. They traced hot paths down her cheeks at the thought of Felix losing all of his emotions for her.

In a sense, this was exactly what she wanted so Felix wouldn't associate himself with her anymore or her celestial troubles...But, it didn't mean her heart wouldn't ache deeply at the mere thought.

Despite the pain and the heartache, she was still there for him, watching, supporting, and hoping. Even from afar, she couldn't help but be drawn to him.

'As long as he is safe and well, I am happy...I am happy...'

In her heart, she whispered a soft prayer, a plea to the universe. For his safety, his success, and above all, his happiness. Because despite everything, she still loved him.

And she always would.

...

On the other side...

"This troublemaker...I knew he will straight out pick up the tournaments as a way to gain Lumus, but sigh..." Elder Kraken smiled wryly as he shut down the stream.

Lord Hades told him to distance himself from Felix, but he had no intentions of leaving Felix out of his sight as he knew what kind of trouble he was capable of. His assumption was rightfully so with everything that happened to Felix on day one.

'At least, he didn't use any of his previous elements.' Elder Kraken nodded, 'Even if Lord Hades or the elders had any suspicious of him, they would be more likely to believe that he has won the jackpot in the memories reformation and gotten an extraordinary talent for a warrior.'

It was a known fact that only golden newcomer spirits were allowed to choose their personalities, talents, and any modification they desired to help them in their stay.

Red spirits and below receive randomized personalities, memories, and traits. Some win the jackpot and receive memories and traits that could be translated to legit monstrous talents while the majority receive basic personalities.

Elder Kraken used this advantage to keep his personality similar to his old one. If it wasn't for him, Felix would have been a truly different person entirely.

'Well, he knows how to get himself out of trouble.' Elder Kraken waved his hand carelessly and returned to his own issues, trusting that Felix was capable of taking care of himself.

If he knew what he was doing at the moment, he would have reduced his trust a couple of notches.I think you should take a look at

Felix and his two servants were seen sitting at the nearest restaurant after they were intercepted by one of the sponsor's servants and taken there.

"Sir, your astounding performance must have captured the eyes of the sponsors." Sekiro spoke with a hushed tone, "I have a strong feeling that the blocklist order can be taken care of today if we get ourselves under one of the sponsors' umbrella."

"Mmmm." Felix gave an acknowledgment noise, seemingly disinterested.

His reaction didn't put Sekiro's heart at ease, but he learned by now to not question Felix's judgment or motives. So, he remained quiet like Karra and waited for the sponsor to join them.

To their absolute shock, the sponsor didn't just come in less than a couple of minutes, he brought with him two of his peers, causing all the customers to get frozen at their tables.

"Is that Lady Iris? Skyglide Transportation Company's CEO." A customer murmured, his widened eyes attached on Lady Iris like he met a celebrity.

It wasn't farfetched to call her a celebrity as she was a key player in the transportation industry with her infamous company.

Skyglide Transportation Company was responsible for providing advanced, efficient, and comfortable public transportation services across the heavenly plane.

Though the prices were exorbitant, making everyone feel the pinch each time they take transportation ways.

Still, the majority of the customers' eyes were on Boss Gideon and Madam Arabella.

"I have lived in the city for more than a millennia and this is the first time I see Madam Arabella - she is as rare as a spectral unicorn..." Another customer commented, his eyes never leaving Madama Arabella.

His reaction was understandable as Madam Arabella's name dominated the food and restaurant industry in the entire plane with her company, "Nebula Foods".

Nebula Foods owned a chain of high-quality eateries and cafes spread across the plane and were also known for being the best supplier of exotic spirit realm delicacies.

In fact, this restaurant belonged to her and she was the one making the first initial contact with Felix.

As for Boss Gideon? He was just as important and famous as his peers...His company was called Aetheric Visions Entertainment and it was one of the biggest players in the entertainment industry.

In fact, his company was so powerful, it possessed a significant share of the streaming revenue of the yearly tournaments across the heavenly plane.

Now, all of those heavy swingers were standing in front of a single table. Before the patrons could even question Felix's identity, Madam Arabella snapped her finger, and the entire restaurant staff came out to kick off the customers politely, refunding their money and even packing their food to take with them.

Even though the treatment wasn't to their comfort, no one would have dared even if their money wasn't refunded.

The blacklist order was simply a death sentence and everyone avoided it akin to a plague. So, the restaurant was emptied and closed down in a few seconds, causing Karra to gulp a mouthful in fear and hide behind Felix.

"Greetings, Sir Traveler, I am Iris Singaria. Do I have the pleasure of knowing your real name?" Lady Iris introduced with a charming smile.

"I go by The Traveler." Felix replied expressionlessly, coming off a bit impolite and cold.

His response wasn't to the sponsors' pleasure as it made him seem arrogant and disrespectful, but they kept their displeasure to themselves.

"I see...Looks like you aren't of the type to like beating around the bush, so I will be straightforward." Lady Iris offered, "Me and my associates are curious in sponsoring you in this tournament and we are willing to do more than just pay for your entrance fee."

Sekiro and Karra's faces lit up immediately as they knew that their days of being blacklisted were shortlived.Alas...

"I have enough to pay for myself, so I refuse your offer." Felix stood up and asked calmly, "Is that all?"