The stalker felt like Felix had detected her intrusive eyes from thousands of other pairs, which was quite difficult to believe even for her.

After blinking once, she found out that Felix wasn't looking at her anymore, his indifferent pearls were affixed at his rushing enemies.

The instant Felix's hand became a fist, a low rumble began from inside his body and traveled to his feet before going under the ground.

Rumble...Rumble...

The rumbling grew in intensity as it echoed throughout the noisy coliseum. But, no one heard it and no one felt anything.

"The bounty is mine!"

One of the rushing spirits called AblazingSoul manifested a magnificent flaming sword, reaching tens of meters in height, and swung it at Felix from midair the moment he entered his range.

"F*ck off to the side!"

Another spirit called Stormtrooper with a loud mouth zigzagged rapidly through the chaotic battlefield, relying on his lightning-quick mobility to speed past all his competitors. Then, he hurled a lightning bolt in the shape of a spear in Felix's direction!

Before any of those fighters could even worry about losing their bounty, the lighting bolt seemed to have magically vibrated into energy particles the instant it got too close to Felix's comfort zone!

"How?"

Stormtrooper was left stunned as his most trusted offensive ability didn't even force Felix to use his telekinesis barrier!

Whoosh!!

The same situation happened to the massive flaming sword! It got cut from the middle the moment it tried to pass through Felix's body, making it seem like those elements were allergic to touching Felix!

"Was sound element always this powerful?! How can vibrations in the air create such a powerful invisible barrier?!" Sir Sogrus commentated with a startled expression that was shared with the rest of the viewers.

Everyone had seen how Felix was capable of blocking Goliath's wind abilities, but the vibration field at that time was apparent and clearly oppressive as hell.

But now? No one could see or hear a single ounce of vibration coming out of Felix, making it seem like he had nothing around him!

This was the result of Felix's intense training on his vibration abilities. During the trial, he was using vibration too crudely and wasting too much fuel on less performance.

But after he optimized his manipulation through trial and error, he could now create an invisible barrier around him that automatically detect the frequencies of elemental energies.

Then, match the vibration with the frequency to cancel its creation!It could be said to be the only absolute anti-elemental element, capable of nullifying the creation of any ability!

"Useless tricks!"

RoidRage roared as he charged toward Felix from the ground akin to a furious bull. He did resemble one as he had massive nostrils and two horns while his feet were hoofs.

Whoosh!!

The wind seemed to be his main element as his charge was being boosted by two wind jets attached to his shoulders. AblazingSoul, Stormtrooper, and the rest of the bounty hunters gave up on a ranged battle and swiftly charged after RoidRage, knowing that Felix's peculiar barrier could not protect him from melee attacks.

They were right in this sense as Felix's field was strictly anti-elemental at the moment as he didn't have enough time to master the field completely.

But, it didn't mean he wasn't prepared for such development.

"Siaseme shockwave...Erupt."

The instant RoidRage and the rest of the bounty hunters were a mere ten to twenty meters away from him, Felix slammed his fist onto the ground, causing a shockwave of invisible energy to erupt from beneath him, rippling outwards through the ground!!

The vibrations coursed through the arena floor like a heart-shattering drumbeat, causing the very foundation of the arena to tremble violently, and in the next instant, it fractured!

RUUUUUUUUUUMBLLLE!!!!

With an ear-splitting crack, the ground exploded, sending chunks of rocks and debris soaring into the sky like confetti in a violent celebration.

The once smooth and polished arena floor was now an uneven, devastated battleground with pits and crevices punctuating the surface!

"Ahh!!"

"What the hell!"

"Argh!!"

The initial explosion had launched the closest fighters to the source off their feet, their telekinetic barriers failing to withstand the sudden explosive assault!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This eruption caused even the sponsors and golden-ranked spectators to be left stunned at its immense destructiveness, thinking that a new fighter's spiritual prowess shouldn't fuel such a powerful attack.

They were right in this sense, but they had no idea that Felix had been preparing for this eruption from the start of the battle royal by sending precise vibrations through his feet!

"What a turn of events! But, this isn't enough to reach the hits threshold for each player!" Mr. Sungrus yelled excitedly.

Since death wasn't an option in the spirit realm, the only way to win such fights was through either reaching a hit threshold, surrendering, or kicking the fighter out of the arena.

The hits threshold was a universal twenty in this specific tournament, which meant Felix had to score twenty direct physical hits to eliminate those bounty hunters!Felix knew as much and had prepared his next strike for it.

"Vibration Pulses."

With an outstretched hand, he flexed his fingers and then clenched his fist. Suddenly, a concentrated pulse of vibration erupted from him, imbuing the airborne giant rocks and debris with its energy.

Whoosh Whoosh!

They hummed with power, a lethal choir singing their impending doom as they rocketed toward the disoriented and defenseless bounty hunters!

Caught off guard, the bounty hunters barely had a chance to react as they were pelted by the barrage of rocks!

Their screams were muffled by the noise of the battle, bodies flung and tossed like ragdolls amidst the debris.

Some managed to deflect a few rocks, but the majority were hit squarely, the impact sending them crashing out of the arena and into the unforgiving invisible walls of the Colosseum!

WHOOOAH!!!

The audience erupted into astonished cheers and stunned gasps at the sight of Felix standing in the midst of the ruined arena, dust and fumes swirling around him.He didn't move an inch from his original spot even when the entire area around him was completely in ruins.

His message was clear - he wasn't going to strike anyone, but if someone dared to challenge him, he would face the same fate as the Red Fangs' bounty hunters!

"Sh*t, it feels even worse knowing that we can't have him represent us." Boss Gideon cursed with an irritated voice.

"He is strong alright, but our fighters aren't to be underestimated." Madam Arabella smiled faintly, "Now, that he has shown some of his trump cards to nobodies, it will be easier to get rid of him."

Since Felix wasn't going to represent either of them, they would rather have him removed from the competition to not steal any of the three qualifying spots to the heavenly plane's tournament.

After all, those three slots were too precious and they had to fall under their hands to increase their companies' reputation and profit.

"I forgot your new fighter was in the same group as him. I hope he delivers after praising him to the roof before us."

Everyone's eyes suddenly switched from Felix to a striking figure right in the center of the arena, floating in the sky with a dominant aura.

He was emitting an intense red shine that rippled around him like a vivid aurora. His skin was as dark as night, and it held an uncanny design of red and blue veins, embodying the essence of his elementary powers...His peepers flickered, one with the deep blue of a tempestuous sea, the other with the fervent glow of molten lava.

Chained daggers with blood dripping off them hung from his waist, their cold, gleaming edges a stark contrast to the warmth of his form.

It looked like Felix's earthquake didn't please him too much as his cold sinister peepers were now affixed on him, ignoring all the contestants around him.

"I wanted to save you for last, but I guess you aren't that patient," ScaldingWinter said coldly while setting one dagger in flames and the other in chilling ice.