The tense atmosphere in the Colosseum intensified as everyone could see that ScaldingWinter had set his eyes on Felix.

Before Mr. Sogrus could hype up their fight, ScaldingWinter catapulted his daggers towards Felix with a powerful swing of his arms!

Cling Cling!..

Fire and ice energies trailed in their wake, merging and separating in a mesmerizing display of power before turning into massive blue and red furious dragons!!

The audience held their breath, entranced by the swirling dance of flames and frost while the fighters escaped from the dragons' path with fearful expressions, knowing that their barriers wouldn't hold against them.

Meanwhile, Felix remained calm, his eyes narrowing as he focused his vibration powers.

With a single, decisive gesture, he slammed his hand onto the ground. A pulse of vibrational energy erupted from beneath him, causing a humongous patch of the arena floor to rise up in the sky and act as a natural shield!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

The fiery and icy dragons smashed against the hard floor of the arena and broke it into countless fragments before dying off into Felix's vibration field.

Felix's vibration field could counter any elemental ability, but it was within reason. It was impossible to block such powerful attacks in time since their frequencies were too agitated and erratic, making it extremely difficult to neutralize them in time.

"My turn."

Felix tensed his body and finally moved, jumping into the sky and using the flying fragments of the ground as a platform to increase his speed until he arrived at the metallic chains.

His vibration field had neutralized the dragons, but the daggers and the chains weren't affected as much.

When ScaldingWinter saw Felix being near his chained weapons, he grimaced and tried to yank his chained weapons back.Alas, with a swift movement of his hand, Felix sent a powerful surge of vibration energy toward ScaldingWinter's weapon!

The air rippled around the chained daggers as they absorbed Felix's vibrational energy.The chained weapons trembled, the vibrations grew more and more intense, and then the energy crawled up the chains towards ScaldingWinter!

His eyes widened in surprise as he could feel the fast-approaching dreadful vibration pulses, but he didn't know whether to let go of the chains or not.He knew if he let go of them, he might lose them for good as Felix was on hold of the daggers.

'I can't block it!'Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

In a split second, ScaldingWinter let go of the chain, and the powerful vibration still whipped him directly, causing him to get launched in the direction of the colosseum's walls!

"GET HOLD OF YOURSELF!" Madam Arabella yelled furiously as she watched her investment about to get eliminated with the trash of the tournament.

Whether he heard her or not, ScaldingWinter had no intentions of losing like this.

"Fire blasts!"

He somersaulted in the sky to regain his balance and then he fired powerful fire blasts from his hands and feet to stop his momentum.

After a few explosions, his speed came to a halt and he remained floating above the arena's surface.

"Cool toys." Felix commented as he held the chained daggers with both hands, swinging them around him in a masterful and elegant manner like he was born to wield them.

"Bastard!"

ScaldingWinter didn't like this sight in the slightest as he thought that Felix was provoking him.

So, he didn't hesitate to charge in his direction, initiating a second assault! Alas...This was still a battle royal with a hundred contestants in a small arena.

BOOOM!!! BOOOM!! BOOOM!!

Before he could even cross half the distance, he found himself getting jumped by at least ten fighters, taking advantage of his cracked telekinesis shield and missing weapons!

They had been observing the duel between Felix and ScaldingWinter and were well aware of the high stakes.

Knowing that ScaldingWinter was now vulnerable, it was only natural to pounce and get rid of one of the strongest fighters in their group!

A hulking figure known as Boulder, with skin like jagged rock, launched massive stone fists in ScaldingWinter's direction.

At the same time, a mercurial figure named SilverWind made entirely of glimmering particles, unleashed a tempest of razor-sharp gusts towards him...And from the distance, Pyre, a spirit wreathed in a flaming aura, directed a wave of searing fire!

ScaldingWinter was soon on the defensive, evading, blocking, and counterattacking where he could.

Without his trusted weapons, he was forced to create two daggers from ice and fire to use his infamous twin elemental dance!

Even when it was a ten vs one battle, he still created a dazzling spectacle of sparks, steam, and flickering shadows...But the continuous barrage was taking its toll. His movements started to slow, and he began to falter.

The crowd watched in an enthralled silence as the once-dominant fighter was now caught in a desperate struggle for survival.

Unfortunately for him, he had started a fight with a predator...

Felix had stayed out of the direct conflict, observing and analyzing. Now, the time was right to make his move.

Felix swiftly maneuvered his way through the battlefield, deftly sidestepping rival fighters and their potent abilities. Even if someone tried to be funny and attack him, Felix made them regret the thought.

His gaze locked on ScaldingWinter, the rhythm of his heartbeat syncing with the pulsating vibrations emanating from his body.

'Let's see how those toys will fare.'

As he neared his target, Felix focused his vibrations on the chained daggers...The daggers began to hum, vibrating in sync with Felix's energy, causing even the viewers to see air getting distorted this time!

With a swift burst of movement, Felix closed the remaining distance between them. Utilizing the stolen chained daggers, he launched a flurry of vibrating attacks on ScaldingWinter.

His movements were as unpredictable as they were swift, taking advantage of ScaldingWinter's momentary vulnerability!

Slice! Slice!...

The crowd watched in awe as Felix turned the tide of the battle in an instant with dominant strikes more powerful than even ten fighters' combined assaults!

Crack Crack!!

'Sh*t! Sh*t! Sh*t!'

ScaldingWinter's expression grew uglier and uglier with each direct hit on his telekinesis barrier as Felix's attacks always result in the creation of a massive fissure!

This made him realize that unless he made a change, his barrier was bound to break in a few seconds at best and leave him weakened by those beasts!

Alas...Against Felix Maxwell, not a single enemy was ever given a chance to turn the battle around the moment he sunk his teeth into his flesh.

Felix flicked his wrist and sent one end of the chained daggers spiraling towards ScaldingWinter.

The sharpened edge bit into the icy platform, creating a distraction.In the blink of an eye, Felix closed the distance, lunging forward to wrap the second chain around his opponent's torso!

ScaldingWinter, still reeling from the sudden attack, tried to fight back, but the vibrating chains around his body sent him into disarray, disrupting his balance.Before he could free himself, Felix tightened his grip on the chained daggers, causing the chains to wrap tighter around ScaldingWinter, binding his limbs to his body!

"You should have stayed away from me and secured your spot."

With this indifferent statement resounding deep into ScaldingWinter's ears, Felix pulled the chained daggers forcefully, invoking a potent vibration, akin to a forceful seismic wave.

Then, he swung him once and launched him into the coliseum's wall, causing the crowd to gasp in astonishment as they watched him soaring through the air akin to a canon ball!

ScaldingWinter, his form a helpless projectile, crashed into the coliseum wall with a resonating impact!!!

He wasn't given even a single chance to stop his momentum this time as the throw was simply too powerful.

Whooah!!!! He is down!! Clap!! Clap!!...

He slumped to the ground, motionless and defeated, while the audience roared in amazement and thrill at the end of the fight.

"ScaldingWinter is out of the ring!" shouted Mr. Sogrus, the thrill clear in his voice. "An incredible display from The Traveler, folks!"