Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Without wasting a moment, Avalanche pulled at his water element, the air around him dropping drastically in temperature.

Whoosh!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

He manipulated the water molecules in the air, conjuring a chilling blizzard that shrouded the battlefield in a curtain of frost and snow!

Through the storm, Avalanche charged forward, his body crystallizing into an armored glacier.

Felix remained unfazed, his own aura beginning to pulse more noticeably.

'Harmonic Tremor.'

He smacked his hands once and sent a low-frequency blast that swept across the icy terrain, shattering the surface and weakening Avalanche's charge!

In retaliation, Avalanche raised his hand, conjuring shards of ice in mid-air.

With a powerful sweep of his arm, the shards propelled towards Felix, sparkling ominously in the arena lights.

Yet, Felix remained untouched, using his anti-elemental vibration barrier to resonate with the frequencies of those ice shards and neutralize them.

The moment he blocked them, Felix launched himself forward, each step on the ground released a rumbling tremor underneath!

rumble...Rumble....RUMBLE!

Just like building a symphony, the rumbling increased in intensity until Felix was merely tens of meters away from Avalanche.

RUMMMMBLE!!!!

Then, he took one final step and the earth seemed to have been flipped upside down as the arena broke in half from the center, leaving behind a yawning chasm!!

"Not bad, but you have already shown this ability before." Avalanche commentated lazily as he manifested a dome of ice around him, predicting that Felix was going to use the giant pieces of the arena as his main weapon.

"I never use the same technique twice."

Felix replied back in a calm manner while pointing a finger gun in the direction of Avalanche.

He charged a intense vibration into a tiny point at his fingertip, forming a bullet-like shape from the ambient metallic dust around him. The buzz of energy around his finger grew in intensity until it was nearly deafening!

With a quick flick of his finger, he released the charged bullet, propelling it through the air at supersonic speed!

It raced across the divided arena, smoke, and debris, and punched through the ice dome that Avalanche had erected as a defense, leaving a neat hole in its wake!

The bullet continued its journey unabated, crashing into Avalanche's telekinetic barrier with an echoing crack, hairline fractures spider-webbing across its surface!

Avalanche's sleepy attitude was no more to be seen as he eyed his cracked telekinesis barrier with a puzzled look, seemingly incapable of understanding what happened.

Unfortunately, this wasn't the end of Felix's barrage.

Pew! Pew! Pew!..

Just like he was a wild west gunslinger, Felix kept jumping from one flying rock to another while firing multiple bullets at Avalanche from many directions.

The tip of his fingers turned red from friction caused by the intense vibration and air molecules, yet he wasn't planning to stop!

"What kind of technique is that?!"

"I am starting to doubt that his element is sound more and more!"

The audience gasped in awe, as the noise of Felix's bullets echoed throughout the colossal stadium.

Crack! Crack!

Realizing that he wasn't in the best of situations, Avalanche finally broke out of his daze and reinforced his ice dome until the bullets' weren't able to penetrate its thick surface anymore!

'If Avalanche kept underestimating him, this might be the first time he never makes it past the single-elimination group.'

Ravager thought to himself, his stoic eyes affixed on the ongoing assault.

Avalanche seemed to have realized this fact as well.

'The moment I recover my telekinesis barrier, I will go all in on him.'

He decided, his expression resembled a fierce predator polar bear, seeing flesh after weeks.

Unbeknownst to him, the moment he thickened his ice dome, he had locked himself inside and made it harder to see the outside as light particles weren't able to penetrate its surface as easily.

He could be uttered to have blinded himself in front of no one but Felix.

'Let's see if this will work.'

Felix landed upside down on a giant rock that was about to reach its peak velocity and extended one arm forward while the other pulled back, making him seem like he was holding a sniper rifle.

Then, energy hummed through Felix's veins akin to an insistent drumbeat, swelling from his shoulder down to the tips of his fingers.

The waves of energy grew intense at the tip of his extended finger, pulsating with the untamed might of raw vibration.

With a swift, fluid motion, he reached into his pocket and produced a long, silver bullet, positioning it meticulously at the apex of the amassed vibrational energy.

His eyes, sharp and focused, locked onto Avalanche, who stood ensnared within his ice dome.

'Resonance frequency.'

Waiting for the perfect moment, Felix activated his frequency neutralization ability, targeting the ice dome.

This was a different technique to the anti-elemental barrier as he was planning to vibrate the ice molecules fast enough to break apart the hydrogen bonds that hold the ice in its solid form, thus turning it into liquid water!

In other words, using frequencies to change the form of an element!

His ability seemed to have succeeded as the once thick icy shield shuddered and began to transform into liquid.

In that moment of instability, Felix let loose the silver bullet!

It shot through the air, a gleaming arrow of energy, cutting through the disrupted dome and landing directly on Avalanche's chest at an alarming speed!

'Huh?'

Before Avanalche could even react to his ice dome turning into water, he found himself hurled into the depth of the chasm with blood coming out of his chest and back as the bullet penetrated him thoroughly!

"..."

"..."

"..."

Stunned and somewhat dumbfounded, the sponsors and the rest of the viewers had the words stuck in their throats at the sight of Avalanche disappearing into the darkness of the underground.

They weren't expecting a one-sided show as no one was dumb enough to disrespect Felix after his previous performances, but none of them thought that it would be one-sided the other way around!

Unfortunately for them, the shock wasn't even close to being over as Felix still had plenty to offer.

Felix intense his remaining energy, wanting to go for the kill.

He raised his hands, and a surge of invisible power cascaded from his fingers.

The rubble and detritus that had once made up the arena floor began to tremble, then shake violently.

"ARISE!"

He tightened his grip, and like marionettes obeying the command of their puppet master, the debris of rocks and boulders began to rise, levitating in the air around Felix.

Beneath him, Avalanche was caught in the chasm, struggling to comprehend his current situation...His thoughts were abruptly interrupted as he saw the shadow of the hovering debris closing over him.

'Oh no!'

The light dwindled as the chasm above was filled, becoming a sea of levitating rubble, making him understand that Felix wanted to bury him!

Not giving him even a moment to escape, Felix brought his hands down with all the force he could muster.

Responding to his command, the floating debris plummeted toward the earth with crushing force.

A symphony of collisions echoed throughout the stadium as every rock, every fragment, found its place, sealing the chasm and Avalanche's fate within under the widened eyes of the viewers.

As the dust rose into the sky and cast a shadow on Felix's figure, lips trembles, eyes shuddered, and the hearts of the viewers and the fighters thumped.

Silence covered the entire colosseum as even Mr. Sogrus was seen staring at the ruined arena at the loss of words about his commentary.

'Is it don...'

Rumble...

Before Felix could finish his thought, an unnoticeable tremor was picked by his sensitive ears, making his expression turned stern again.

'As expected, they aren't easy to take dow...'

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!