Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1414 Reaching The Finals.

"The Fallen Cartel is selling those specters to their trusted sources as they can be used for the lowest jobs or the highest without worrying about the payment." Miss Sanae added, "My investigations have led me to believe that the Fallen Cartel must be sponsored and protected by one of the higher-ups due to their operations being almost nonexistent."

"It must be Karra's previous master, he is a known noble." Felix anwsered with a serious tone, "She can't give him up, but we can find out about his identity through other means."

"Most nobles in the city have high governmental positions." Miss Sanae frowned, "If someone in the government had his hands on this, then it's going to get a lot more complicated."

There was no need to ask why as all of them understood that governmental spirits were considered untouchable by the rest of the spirits.

Even Miss Sanae as a gold spirit and a recognized/

supported detective by the government, would find it extremely challenging to investigate a governmental spirit.

The highest position her authority could help her were the companies leaders in the city...Even they would be too tough to bring down to justice.

"I will do my thing and investigate the noble's identity." Miss Sanae said, "You should focus on your tournament for now as the moment you finish, you will be given cases to handle."

"Alright." Felix agreed.

It was clear that the fallen specters' case was one of the biggest ones for Miss Sanae and treated it with great care.

There was no way she would let Felix, a completely untrusted rookie help her out in it before testing him with a much simpler and smaller case first.

Felix didn't mind at all as he also knew that he had to get accustomed to the laws and such before assisting her with the real deal.

"I need your help with the tournament." Felix switched the subject with a request. "I need the three years payment in advance, plus a loan, and your servant's help."

"You want to invest everything in improving your spiritual prowess...Are you sure it's worth it?" Miss Sanae advised, "Boosting your spiritual prowess by that much is useless, considering that you will be winning barely fifty thousand Lumus as the champion. Even if you made it to the heavenly plane's tournament, you will be forced to invest even more as the fighters there are on a whole different level. Why do you think our city hasn't brought the trophy back home even after such a long time? We might be considered the capital, but there are cities where fighters spend most of their time hunting beasts and exploring the realm's dangers, unlike our fighters."

"I am confident in my ability, will you help me or not?" Felix replied calmly.

While it might seem like Felix was gambling his Lumus on something uncertain, the tournaments were merely a side quest in his eyes.

A side-quest to earn money and recuperate what was invested in his spiritual prowess.

In reality, Felix wanted to improve his soul's strength to an ungodly level, so that when he returned to the living world, his biggest weakness would turn into his biggest strength.

Obviously, he had no clue if it was even possible to reincarnate with the same soul or such, but he would be a fool to not prepare for the possibility.

"Fine, how much do you need?" Miss Sanae asked.

"One hundred thousand in total."

Sekiro and Karra gasped in shock and before they could even breathe out, Miss Sanae replied, "Fine, that's seventy-two thousand Lumus as a salary and the rest is a loan."

Then, she clapped her hands and little Timmy came into the living room, carrying a suitcase.

The suitcase seemed to have difficulty containing the illumination of the crystals as the light was piercing through its dark leather.

As little Timmy unlatched the suitcase and cracked it open, a chorus of brilliant lights emanated from the nestled crystals inside, bathing the entire living room in a mesmerizing golden glow.

"Satisfied?"

Felix nodded and requested her servant, "Take it and spend it entirely on spiritual treasures for the next week."

Little Timmy turned his head to Miss Sanae and waited for her order.

"Go."

The moment he received it, he took the suitcase with him and left the apartment, heading to the bazaar.

Spending a hundred thousand Lumus could be considered a lot even if taken Ravager, Goliath, and the other monstrous veterans into consideration.

Felix was about to spend close to two hundred thousand Lumus in less than a month on them!

With this boost, he was certain that he wouldn't get manhandled ever again by the likes of Avalanche through telekinesis control.

...

One Week Later...

With the tournament in full swing, the onlookers bore witness to a series of intense and fiery battles. Felix managed to outshine and outperform in each round as the following bouts were against relatively weaker opponents compared to Avalanche.

With Felix's relentless spirit and ingenious use of his unique abilities, he was the first to ensure his place in the upcoming finals.I think you should take a look at

Simultaneously, in the parallel half of the tournament, Goliath was pitted against Ravager.

This was a clash of the Titans, but much to the audience's surprise, Ravager displayed dominating prowess.

He dominated Goliath, effortlessly bridging the perceived gap between him and the rest of the contenders, marking a decisive victory that left spectators in a state of shocked silence.

As the dust of the semi-finals settled, only two combatants remained standing - Felix, the dark horse who came out of nowhere, and Ravager, the cold and undeniable champion.

The stage was set for the final battle, a mere day away, with the audience on the edge of their seats.

The majority of the crowd had their bets placed on Ravager, given his dominating performance against Goliath, but there was a certain air of unpredictability, which made many opportunity-seeking viewers wager on Felix in hopes of striking it big.

While everyone was holding their breaths in anticipation and hype for tomorrow, Mr. Atticus was seen sitting on a noble chair that oozed with royal elegance.

In front of him, the known formidable champion Ravager was sitting on the floor with his head lowered akin to an obedient pet.

This should have been impossible when considering that Ravager was also a golden spirit, which meant he was no one's servant!

"How certain are you of winning tomorrow?" Mr. Atticus inquired calmly, taking a small sip from a cup of tea.

"100%," Ravager replied, his tone filled with nothing but absolute confidence.

His confidence wasn't based on pride or arrogance. But, in Felix's latest two battles.

The fighters might have been relatively weaker than Avalanche, but after showing most of his trump cards and weaknesses, even those fighters had made him work for his victory.

When he watched him struggle against them, his interest died down and he became certain of his victory.

"It's good to be confident, but don't get too cocky." Mr. Atticus warned, "I have placed close to five hundred thousand Lumus on you...You know what will happen to our agreement if you lost."

"I understand."

While the odds were in favor of Ravager, there was still plenty to gain if one made certain to wager a decent amount of money on him.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"You are excused."

With a head nod, Ravager stood up and flew away, his expression still as cold as ever, but in the depth of his eyes, an untold amount of rage was hidden.

'Just wait a little longer, I am getting closer and closer...' He thought to himself as a picture of a beautiful girl that resembled him greatly surfaced in his mind.

While most fighters participate in those tournaments for money, he was doing it for the sake of saving his little sister.

His little sister was turned into a permanent servant under Mr. Attricus and unless he gave up on her, no one had any right to take her away, not even her brother.

In the spirit realm, it was more than possible to give birth to new spirits just like in the living world.

The only difference was that those newborn spirits weren't given personalities and memories, leaving the job to the parents to take care of it.

Both Ravager and his sister were born in the heavenly realm and had no connection with the living world at all.

Because of this, they had no achievements that could be translated into a better color.

So, the moment they were born, they were given a standard indigo color and it was up to the parents to protect them from getting thrown out.

Unfortunately, not everyone was up to such a massive responsibility and both Ravager and his sister ended up on the streets after their parents lost their jobs and failed to pay the rent in time.

The heavenly plane was even more vicious to the homeless as the daily penalty was the biggest contributor to spirits getting thrown out.

When Ravager's parents realized that their children would be getting kicked out first, they sold them in the servant's markets at dirt-cheap prices, just to secure their stay in the realm.

That's when Ravager and his sister first got separated and for the past hundred years, he had no clue about her owner until the past decade.

The moment he found her, he reached out to Mr. Attirus to buy her for a price ten times more worth than her.

Alas, Mr. Attirus found out through his connections about their relationship and took advantage of Ravager's desperation.

He told him the only way to free his sister was through winning the heavenly plane's tournament while being sponsored by him.

After an untold amount of training and failures, he finally made a name for himself and got closer and closer to his goal.

With this kind of motivation and pressure, he would rather go through hell back and forth than allow himself to fall under Felix in tomorrow's finals!