Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1418 The Traveler Vs Ravager. IV

Felix clutched his vibration-infused hammer as he increased his speed, turning his walk, into a jog, before finally going full sprint in the direction of Ravager!!

On the other side, Ravager tightened his grip on his trio-

elemental daggers.

Not wanting to fight amidst the destroyed side of the arena, Ravager took flight and charged at Felix, his daggers glinting menacingly under the harsh light!

'His telekinesis barrier will take time to recover, this is my only chance to end this! I just need one strike.'

'His fuel must be tanking after that ultimate ability, I just need to break his telekinesis barrier and he will be a sitting pig for slaughter.'

Both fighters had their own thoughts on how to end the fight and they revolved their strategy around it.

Felix was sure that Ravager's energy was low because he was using physical daggers instead of bombarding him with elemental abilities.

Just like in the living world, the moment a fighter exhaust his energy, he would be done for a while.

Rummble!!!

With a feral grunt, Felix swung his hammer, sending a wave of ground-shattering vibration toward Ravager!

Ravager reacted swiftly and evaded the attack by using his wind element, boosting his speed up a notch.

With a swift motion, he hurled a fire-infused dagger toward Felix. A sizzling sound filled the air as the weapon cut through it, heading straight for its target.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Felix calculated its trajectory and distance then swung his hammer at it, hitting it right at the tip, creating a sparkle.

Whoosh!

A hammer vs dagger, there was no debate on which one received most of the damage as the dagger flew with an even faster speed back to Ravager.

Cling!!

Ravager blocked the dagger with the second one and captured it mid-air before continuing his charge!

The moment he arrived next to Felix, he danced aside with lightning reflexes, leaving Felix to swing at thin air with his giant hammer.

Whoosh!!

The force behind the swing threw Felix slightly off balance, and Ravager seized the opportunity, lunging with his twin daggers at his backside!

Felix barely had time to recover, feeling the whoosh of the twin blades slicing through the air, dangerously close to his torso.

'Vibration blast!'

A shockwave of vibration erupted from Felix's back and landed on the twin daggers, halting Ravager's momentum for a moment.

This allowed Felix to pivot swiftly, adjusting his grip on the hammer, and swung it in a wide arc towards Ravager, forcing him to retreat!

Not one to back down, Ravager came at Felix again, moving with a lethal combination of agility and precision.

He kept aiming at Felix's unprotected sides, but Felix's battle experience was leagues above him, making him feel like it was impossible to touch him!

'Fall! Fall! Fal!!'

As his attacks got frenzied and more deadly, he was starting to lose his precision and Felix kept on the defense, using his hammer as a shield against the daggers!

Cling! Cling!...

Sparks flew everywhere as each clash between those weapons resulted in loud metallic clings that seemed to die off in noise abnormally.

But not everyone paid any attention to this small detail as they were captivated by the exciting close ranged dance between those two experienced fighters!

'I still need more, I need enough to end this fight once and for all.'

Felix's narrowed eyes were affixed on Ravager's rapid daggers, tracing their trajectory akin to a hawk to be able to block them off with his hammer.

For minutes on end, their battle raged, their weapons clashed, sparks flying with each strike.

Sweat trickled down their faces, and their breaths came in ragged pants, but neither showed any sign of relenting.

'I can't hit him...I actually can't hit him even once...What kind of monstrous battle experience is this?'

Ravager's blood run cold at the notion that the fight would end in Felix's favor if the battle lasted in this manner.

He was growing tired and his energy was closer than ever to depletion.

While Felix seemed to be just as tired, his predatory eyes were as focused as ever, sending shivers down Ravager's spine.

"I can't falter here! I am so close! I CAN'T"

With a deafening roar, Ravager charged yet again at Felix, and this time he was harnessing the power of the wind to boost his attacks.

Alas...I think you should take a look at

'It's time to end this.'

With a swift, deceptive movement, Felix feinted a swing at Ravager. Predictably, Ravager moved to evade, but Felix had anticipated this.

Swiveling on his heel, he redirected his hammer's trajectory and sent it hurtling toward Ravager's exposed flank.

Ravager didn't have time to react and knew that the hammer was going to land on him. However, instead of panicking, he was already thinking of a counter-attack.

'My telekinesis barrier will block the force, I can use the momentary opening from the swing to finish him!'

And so, he watched as the hammer hit him directly on the center of his back.

Just as he wanted to suck up the incoming pain and counterattack, a sudden powerful vibrational shockwave discharged from the surface of the hammer.

BOOOOOOOOM!!! Shatter!

with a thunderous boom, the telekinesis barrier exploded into invisible pieces and Ravager was sent flying off his feet akin to being launched by a slinger!

The audience gasped collectively, their eyes widened as they watched Ravager's body drawing a high parabola in the air, heading straight for the outer boundary of the arena!

Mr. Atticus and his peers' hearts came to a sudden stop as their enlarged pupils followed the trajectory of Ravager, feeling like they were in a dream.

'How?'

Even the Ravager had absolutely no idea what happened as he couldn't fathom that a hammer could carry such an overwhelming punch!

Unbeknownst to him, Felix was absorbing all the vibration resulting from their clashes inside his hammer and released at once!

'WHO CARES ABOUT HOW! I CAN'T FALTER HERE!'

However, Ravager was not ready to concede defeat as the image of his dear little sister surfaced in his mind, waking him up from his stupor!

"HALT!!"

Struggling to right himself in mid-air, he summoned every iota of his elemental prowess, using fire/water to provide a counterthrust and wind to alter his trajectory!

But the force of Felix's hammer was too strong and he still lacked the proper fuel to change his fate.

In the end, despite a gallant effort, the elemental defenses buckled and Ravager, unable to stop his trajectory, crashed into the protective barrier at the edge of the arena before rolling out onto the ground beyond the boundary line...

"I lost..."

Ravager muttered, the massive contusion on his back didn't hurt as much as the thought of Mr. Atticus venting his anger on his little sister in the shadows...

Alas, no one cared about his feelings or troubles as the audience exploded into a thunderous roar of applause and cheers a moment later.

"RAVAGER LOST!! THE TWO TIMES REIGNING CHAMPION LOST!!" "HOLY SHIT, I JUST MADE A FORTUNE!!"...

While the bulk of the viewers were cheering in excitement, almost 99% of the bettors felt their souls leave their bodies as they eyed Felix standing in the center of the arena, leaning against his hammer as support.

His victory was secured against all odds and he had to work his hardest to achieve it, but those bettors wanted nothing more but to rip his throat out at this very moment!

Especially...

"MOTHERF*CKER!! I JUST LOST A QUARTER OF A MIL IN ONE SITTING!"

Furious and frustrated, Boss Gideon threw a glass of wine into the window, breaking it into fragments.

"I can't believe this...Did we lose?"

"Did we really just lose to a nobody?"

Meanwhile, Lady Iris and Madam Arabella might be soft-

spoken, but they were struck just as hard as Boss Gideon.

Yet, no one was struck as hard as Mr. Atticus...He could be seen grabbing into the armchair with his hands tightly until the armchair began making noise.

'Unforgivable...Half a million was thrown down the drain...Unforgivable!' He uttered in his mind while staring daggers at both his representative and Felix.

Half a million was the supreme prize in the heavenly tournament and Mr. Atticus had lost it in one sitting.

It could be uttered to be the dumbest decision to bet such a heavy amount for the sake of winning a mere hundred thousand Lumus, but one would argue that it was stupid only the results weren't already predetermined.

In this case, Mr. Atticus had full confidence in Ravager to defeat Felix as he had invested pretty heavily in him.

So, putting half a million or an entire million didn't bother him as he always knew that it would return to him with extra bonus.

He made a fortune doing the same in the past two years...Alas, he was awakened from the dream at last by the hands of Felix.

On the other side of the spectrum...

"KIKIKI! KIKIKI!! I am starting to think that it's best to sell the bureau and bet everything on my lucky charm."