Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

﻿1421 Sir. Azravan's Beasts Shop.

After Felix's wounds were healed fully and he started to feel better again, he left the apartment with Sekiro and headed to the bazaar in the city's center.

Due to Felix's fame from the tournament, he wore a hoodie and sunglasses to avoid any unnecessary attention.

"What's the plan?" Sekiro asked.

"We will spy on the shop from a distance and see if we can get some new information," Felix replied.

"Okay."

Sekiro was certain that his master's strategy wasn't going to bore any fruition due to the abusive masters always painting a saint personality on the outside...So, it would be near impossible to catch them in the act. But he also knew that their options were limited.

Sometime later...

Felix and Sekiro could be sitting at a table with drinks in their hands and holographic screens, showing the daily news.

The table was in a cafe that was in front of Lord Azravan's shop.

'It sure is massive.'

Lumus signs started appearing in Felix's eyes as he gazed at the humongous shop behind the comfort of his sunglasses.

The shop deserved such a reaction as its grandeur outshined the surrounding structures.

It was massive for a reason as Sir. Azravan was famous across the entire heavenly plane to be one of the best spiritual beasts/creatures salesmen.

Right now, the shop was attracting the attention of many pedestrians like it was a historical sight, but in reality, they were stopping to appreciate the mystical beasts it housed.

Its large, wooden double doors stood ever open, a testament to the relentless flow of customers, each searching for their unique companions in the spiritual realm.

While Felix's vision was hindered by this many spirits and couldn't see the interior very well, he managed to steal glances once in a while.

He was indeed fascinated by the visual symphony of exquisite cages, gleaming crystal tanks, and lush habitats, each arranged meticulously for the myriad creatures they host.

From fire-breathing drakes and ethereal birds to celestial foxes and bioluminescent fae, each creature was a rare jewel in its own right.

Sir. Azravan's shop was not merely a store, but a living, breathing menagerie, where the rarest of spiritual beings could be found, admired, and procured.

'I can't get much from here, I have to enter.' Felix thought as he analyzed his situation.

The shop was too packed with clients and beasts, creating a bustling but noisy environment. He knew that it would be too tough to even see Emeric, don't even mention his abusive master.

"With all those customers nearby, will he dare reject our entry at the door?" Felix smiled coldly.

"What do you mean?"

"Follow me."

"Sir..."

Sekiro paid the bill and chased after Felix quickly, knowing that he was a trouble magnet. The moment Felix reached the wide open gate and tried to step inside the shop, all workers received a signal in their devices that made their attitude become unfriendly immediately.

Even Sir. Azravan received it.

"One moment please." Sir. Azravan requested with a polite smile and walked outside of his own office, leaving a golden-hued spirit and his servant sitting there.

The moment he closed the door behind him, he glanced at his device with a glacial expression and saw the camera's feedback, showing Felix and Sekiro walking inside the lobby of his shop through the crowd.

When he received their identities through the system, he felt his heart skip a beat.

'Sh*t! Why is this bastard here?' He cursed, looking quite distressed.

As per the rules of the heavenly plane's realm, no one had any option to disguise themselves inside private properties to avoid unnecessary problems.

So, even when Felix and Sekiro were hiding their faces, the system recognized them and forwarded all the public details about them to Sir. Azravan.

At the moment, Felix was considered a rockstar in the city as he was representing everyone's hopes to bring back the honorable trophy home.

In other words, the entire city should be supporting him and if something was to go against him, there was a high chance of a public outrage.

Sir. Azravan was smart enough to realize this and understand that even though Felix was blacklisted and he must kick him off his shop to not offend the big dogs in the city, he felt his blood run cold at the thought of doing so and Felix created a scene in his shop.

'I can't kick them without endangering my customers giving me a hard time. Right now, they are hiding their faces, so as long as I act blind, the higher-ups might not catch wind of this.'

Sir. Azravan felt that this was the smartest decision to make at the moment as it would ensure that his business wouldn't be affected.

"Treat the intruders like any other customer, but make them stay on the first floor. I don't want them affecting the important clients." He ordered all the staff in the shop.

Unbeknownst to him, Felix and Sekiro weren't in his shop for a stroll or to buy anything, but for his sake.I think you should take a look at

If he knew this, he would have kicked them outside right away!

...

"Why hasn't anyone come for us?" Sekiro muttered as he looked at the staff members, who were ignoring their existence.

"As I said, they wouldn't dare." Felix sneered, "My reputation is too high at the moment to afford to piss me off."

Felix understood that Sir. Azravan hadn't made it this far while being an idiot.

So, he was certain that he wouldn't dare respect the big dogs' wishes and risk his own shop's reputation taking a dive...Especially, not today when Felix's victory was still fresh in everyone's minds and emotions were running high.

"Let's go to the upper floors," Felix ordered as he walked to the elevator, ignoring all the fascinating beasts and creatures around him.

Unfortunately, his path was cut off by two staff members. One of them bowed and apologized, "My apologies sir, but the elevator is designated only for VIP personal."

"Is that so?" Felix replied apathetically as he glanced behind the staff members and saw that plenty of customers were getting in the elevator.

This made him understand that they were ordered to keep them in the lobby. But, he didn't want to make a scene and stab the decision...Just like Sir. Azravan didn't want trouble, Felix also wanted to lay low for the sake of the case.

'Getting information in this manner isn't going to work. His eyes must be on us right now.' Felix frowned, feeling like two hateful pair of eyes were affixed on the back of his neck each second.

This made him understand that even if he reached the highest floor or talked to his servants to get information from them, they would do nothing but give themselves and their case away, which wasn't going to please Miss Sanae in the slightest.

"I understand." Felix nodded at the staff and walked away from the elevator, heading towards one of the most populated beasts on display.

'Thank goodness.'

'Phew.'

The staff members sighed in relief at how smoothly the situation was solved and returned to their duties while still keeping an eye on those two troublemakers.

'Sir, what's next?' Sekiro asked telepathically, a gift all spirits were capable of using due to their high spiritual prowess compared to the people in the living world.

'We have reached a dead end.' Felix replied calmly, 'This might be really not as easy as I have imagined.'

'...' Sekiro was left speechless at how easily Felix had given up.

When he saw his reaction, Felix snickered. 'I haven't waved the white flag yet, I just realized that I need to better my preparation if I want to obtain legit evidence.'

With all the security involved, Felix understood he had to prepare some new unique methods if he wanted to breach them and get what needed.

This wasn't a one-day job.

'For now, act like you are interested in the beasts and start asking for prices and such. Then, we will take our leave.' Felix ordered.

'Okay.'

Just like that, both of them spent the next ten minutes going from one beast to another, acting just like any other customer.

When they didn't buy anything and decided to take their leave, Sir. Azravan exhaled in relief.

'Good thing, they didn't buy anything. Now, it's easier to explain myself against the higher-up.'

Sir. Azravan returned to his polite smiley self and continued discussing a sale with a very important customer in his office.

When the sale was about to be completed, Sir. Azravan leaned to the side and called at the door, "Emeric, bring The Nightmare Cheetah's book."

Knock knock

With two soft knocks on the door, Emeric entered the office while holding a black book that had a dark gem engraved on its cover. It was emitting dark fog that encased the entire book and gave it a otherworldly sensation.

Meanwhile, Emeric was a lanky man marked by striking panda-like eyes, beneath which sat conspicuous dark circles, and a lively monkey tail that swayed rhythmically behind him, adding an unpredictable flair to his otherwise unassuming demeanor.

"Here it is, Sir." He put it on the table gently and walked away with his back facing the door. Not an ounce of hatred or any negative emotion was seen on his face, but at the same time, he didn't seem like a positive person either.

"Haha, just its details book alone looks this extraordinary, as expected of the king of beasts, you sure take care of your products."

The client didn't seem to care about Emeric's demeanor as he was captured by the book's otherworldly appearance.

After the door was getting closed, Emeric heard only faint murmurs before everything went silent.

'Another victim falls prey to his greedy hands.' He sighed in his mind, knowing that the client was going to get scammed out of his Lumus.

This happened so many times in his presence, he stopped feeling sick and was just numb to the whole matter.

'Madam Sanae, where are you?'

All he cared about was getting his freedom and at this moment, he was starting to feel like he wasn't going to be getting it anytime soon...