Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1423 A Risky Plan!

When Felix returned to Miss Sanae's bureau empty-

handed, he didn't escape getting scorned and mocked for being overly cocky about something he had no clue about from his master.

Felix remained quiet and listened to her tirade until she exhausted her breath.

Then, he updated her on his new plan, his expression as serene as ever like everything she had just said had entered an ear and exited from the other.

"Your thought process was in the right place, but don't you think I haven't also thought about it and already tried it?" Miss Sanae shared with a mentoring tone.

"What happened?" Felix asked.

He brought up this matter because he knew that someone as smart as Miss Sanae would have definitely already tried to spy on Sir. Azravan in his business runs.

"I got intel from my network that he is going for a meeting with his hunters outside of the city, so I tried to follow him." Miss Sanae shook her head, "While I had no problem with keeping up with him without being found out, I haven't managed to obtain any kind of information due to them speaking telepathically. After the meeting was done, both sides went to their own ways and I was forced to retreat empty-handed."

For Miss Sanae to manage to get so close to Sir. Azravan and his people without being found out made Felix understand that she must have trained in the ways of shadows, darkness, or something in this regard.

He didn't dive deeper into this subject, knowing that such skills and abilities must remain a secret.

"You haven't seen anything bizarre? Like a transaction, a deal, or something?" Felix inquired.

"No, it was most likely a meeting for pure discussion as there weren't any beasts involved." Miss Sanae narrowed her eyes at him, "I advise you to not follow him as there is a high chance you will get caught, and even if you didn't by some miracle, the telepathic conversation will make your efforts meaningless."

"Hmm." Felix acted like he had listened to her, but in reality, he was already trying to figure out a method to get that evidence somehow in the meeting.

He walked off in the middle of the conversation and entered her office, sitting in her bureau. He picked a small stress ball and began throwing it at the wall while his mind was working on full power.

"...Did I really humble him or made him more arrogant?"

Miss Sanae didn't know what to say about Felix's attitude, but when she noticed that he was taking this case seriously, she closed the door on him and left him to his own devices.

'I can easily use my illusion abilities to follow Azravan's team without being found out. As for the telepathic conversation, it can be handled with some mental play, making them believe that they are talking telepathically, but in reality, they will be talking in public.'

'Then, I can film the whole thing with my crystal device, getting both sound and picture...A legit evidence that can help me with the case.' Felix frowned as he slammed the ball on the wall, 'I still have misgivings about using abilities from my previous elements even if it wasn't in a public setting. I have no idea if Hades' eyes are always on me or not and if I overdid it and he got suspicion, it won't end well.'

While Felix hadn't obtained illusion manipulation before his death, it didn't mean that he hadn't studied the element and its fields.

After all, the illusion domain was too complex even for him and he had to go all out in his studies to be able to use it to the best of his ability.

This helped him be able to use some easy and simple illusion abilities here...Though, he was worried that even simple abilities might end up getting him in trouble.

'Let's be smart about this, Hades has no interest in me at the moment since Asna has already shown him that she has given up on me while Elder Kraken was punished and kept his distance.' Felix thought, 'Right now, in his eyes, I must be like any other spirit and someone of his high status shouldn't have time to waste on observing me 24/7.'

When Felix thought about it like this, he understood that as long as he didn't do something so outlandish to attract Hades' attention, he should be safe to use such abilities for his detective work.

Especially, when no one would know about them.

After calculating the risks and benefits, Felix made a decision to go for his new plan.

'I have no plans staying in this realm forever if I want to earn my early exit and attempt to help Asna at the same time, I can't be walking on eggshells.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he tightened his fist on the ball until...Plop!

Ka-thumb!

"What's that sound?"

Miss Sanae burst through the door with a hardened expression after hearing the mini-explosion.

When her eyes landed on what remained of her stress ball and Felix's emotionless expression, her lips twitched in anger.

"I am sorry."

"It doesn't sound sincere with that face of yours."

"I am sincere."

"You owe me a new stress ball and you better never step inside my office again."

"Why so seri..."

"Get the f*ck out!"

"Fine..."I think you should take a look at

Felix exited the office and watched the door close behind him without much of a reaction. He shrugged his shoulders and went to sit next to Karra who was watching the tv.

The moment he sat down, she passed over the remote to him and looked at him with pleading eyes, like she was begging him to give her a task.

"Getting bored?"

"Hm, hm." Karra nodded her head rapidly.

Felix threw the remote back to her and ordered, "Here, research all the dangerous contestants from other cities and bring me their details at the end of the week."

"Okay!" Karra began right away with her work, showing her zeal to assist Felix with anything he needed.

"Good girl."

Felix patted her on the head for a moment before taking off into the roof to restart his training.

At this moment, all he could do was prepare and wait for Sekiro's news.

Unfortunately, it didn't seem like Sir. Azravan had any plans this week as days went by in a jiffy and there was still no news.

Just as Felix thought that he was about to lose the bet with Miss Sanae, Sekiro reached out to him on the last day.

'Sir! The target is on the move!'

'In which direction?'

'South! He must be heading to the southern gate as he has a squad of five vehicles with him!'

'Good job, you may rest, I will take it from here.' Felix ordered as he took off from the roof while using the same invisibility ability.

'But sir...'

'Don't make me repeat myself.' Felix's tone got sterner.

'Understood.' Sekiro caved in and stayed in his position.

With Felix's current plan, bringing Sekiro with him would make things just harder and more complicated.

He wasn't worried about Sekiro betraying him or sharing his abilities in public, but he just wanted to avoid explaining himself every time he used an ability.

While Felix was speeding away, the brown-coated stalker was seen sitting in a cafe with his head lowered, seemingly reading from his crystal device.

But in reality, his other eyes were like a radar planted in front of Miss Sanae's office and anyone leaving would be captured right away.

If only he knew how foolish he looked right now...

...

In the sprawling metropolis of Astralis City, the usual hum of activity paused momentarily as five sleek hovering vehicles, unified in design and imposing in demeanor, raced through the main thoroughfare, leaving a trail of gusty winds and awed spectators in their wake.

Pedestrians stopped mid-stride, their eyes following the convoy, some with admiration, others with thinly veiled envy.

The unmistakable emblem of Sir Azravan's shop gleamed on each vehicle's hood, a testament to the owner's prominence.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

As they approached the southern gate, the city guards stopped them even though they had recognized the convoy.

It was a normal process to check on any leaving vehicle from the city, in case someone was smuggling something out or in.

This gave Felix a chance to intercept their path with great difficulty after taking a shortcut through the air.

'If they took off through the fields at full speed, I won't be able to catch up to them.'

Felix had no clue about Sir. Azravan's target at the moment, but he had no plans of letting this chance go by.

He rapidly exited the city and waited near the gate...When the first vehicle was checked and allowed to exit, it waited outside for the rest of the convoy.

Felix knew this would happen and neared the vehicle, hovering a couple of centimeters above the ground akin to a ghost.

Then, he went under the vehicle and got hold of whatever he could while making sure to stay away from the back engines.

Because he was invisible, even when the remaining vehicles were inspected and allowed access, no one managed to spot him.

And so, Sir. Azravan's motorcade took off to their target in a straight line formation, having absolutely no idea that a intruder was amidst them...