Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1425 Scamming His Customers!

They had absolutely no idea that they were speaking out loud as they couldn't see even their moving lips!

"So, which beast are you planning to start with?" Mr. Zannir inquired as he handed the briefcase to Emeric.

"My luck has been quite sh*t lately." Sir. Azravan remarked with an annoyed tone, "It's best if you make the first call."

"It's my honor." Mr. Zannir smiled. "Just don't blame me when the results aren't up to your satisfaction."

"I am not that narrow-minded."

When Emeric heard this, his eyelids twitched as he suddenly wanted to smack his master right in his face. In fear of being found out, He contained those feelings and lowered his head.

"Let's start with Giraffrost."

Mr. Zannir walked to a majestic creature with a towering, slender neck, its spotted hide gleaming with icy patterns, and every graceful step it took on the cage left a trail of frost in its wake.

All the beasts, animals, and creatures in the heavenly plane had a white hue as a color grade, unlike the rest of the spirits.

This color might be unchanging, but it didn't mean that those beasts didn't possess other colors.

When a spirit first arrived at the heavenly plane, it saw everyone and every creature in its base form and color without any features.

However, the moment they got through memories reformation and obtain citizenship, their eyes become able to process beyond the grading color.

In the case of this Girrafe, the frost was so overwhelming the white hue around it seemed invisible.

"I have high hopes for this one's transformation. I already have a client willing to pay a fortune if I managed to 'capture' a rare variety of it."

While saying this, Sir. Azravan opened the briefcase and exposed three lines of neatly arranged colorful pear-like fruits.

'Are those spiritual treasures as well?'

Seeing the look of appreciation and love in Sir. Azravan's eyes made Felix wonder about those fruits.

Sir. Azravan picked one using his telekinesis and guided it gently in the direction of Giraffrost's muzzled mouth.

"Open it." He ordered.

Emeric right away used his telekinesis to remove the muzzle from the Giraffrost and pushed it away from the fruit, knowing that if he dared ruin the fruit, he would spend the next year in hell.

Immediately after the Giraffrost smelled the captivating scent of the fruit, it opened its mouth widely and devoured it in one go.

Sir. Azravan and Mr. Zinnar pulled back away from it with looks of anticipation etched on their faces.

When the Giraffrost finished chewing the treasure and swallowed it, its eyes seemed to have become droopy...In less than a second, the Giraffrost sat on its legs and went to sleep.

'Now what?' Felix narrowed his eyes in focus at the beast and at his targets, who seemed to be praying for the goddess of luck to bless them.

Just as he wanted to analyze the situation, suddenly, an intense glow enveloped its body, and the temperature in the vicinity began to plummet dramatically. Icicles began to form on the stable's roof, and a soft hum resonated throughout the room.

As the light from the Giraffrost grew brighter, its slender neck began to elongate further, the icy patterns on its hide morphed into intricate frosty armor, and its previously docile hooves sharpened into crystalline claws!

Gradually, the glow subsided, revealing a newly evolved and majestic Giraffrost, now exuding an aura of both elegance and formidable power!

'What the...'

Felix was left stunned, never thinking that he would be seeing a spiritual beastial evolution in his lifetime. Yet, here he was, bathing in the evolved Giraffrost's glow.

Sir. Azravana and Mr. Zinnar had a completely different reaction.

"Claws, neck, and frosty armor...It's not the best mutations, but they aren't the greatest either." Mr. Zinnar smiled wryly, "You can sell it for double the price or triple if you are lucky."I think you should take a look at

"Tsk, it barely covers the cost of a single fruit." Sir. Azravan wasn't too pleased though.

"Let's go for next, the first time always never works out." Mr. Zinnar handed him a second fruit and allowed him this time to choose another beast.

'Does the fruit helps the beast evolve or does it merely give it a couple of mutations? Is it permanent or temporary? How did those two even get their hands on such a thing and why does no one know about it?'

Meanwhile, the first evaluation was still going through Felix's mind as he had many questions left unanswered.

It didn't seem like Sir. Azravan had any interest to discuss such matters as he kept focusing on the newly chosen beast, awaiting godly results.

Unfortunately, the second beast was a letdown...Not giving up hope, Sir. Azravan continued the forced evolution until he was down to his last fruit.

Ten beasts received peculiar mutations and while some of them were up to his satisfaction level, not a single one had yet to wow him.

"Am I going back empty-handed again?" Sir. Azravan tightened his fists as he watched the transformation of the last beast, which was the Black Ingora Lion.

There was a saying, if you want something badly enough, it might just happen.

The already majestic Black Ingora Lion's fur began to shift, slowly transforming into a deep, radiant crimson.

Just as the transformation seemed like it was going to end in the same disappointing manner, a miracle occurred!

A second head began to form beside the original and had its ears set in brown flames! Before anyone could react, the lion's tail, once a magnificent tuft of darkness, ignited spontaneously as well, casting an eerie glow as flames danced along its length!

Then, from its back, two magnificent wings sprouted, feathers gleaming like polished silver and gold, their span dwarfing the lion's body!

The once common Black Ingora Lion seemed to be infused with divine essence, lying down on the ground with a regal demeanor, making anyone have no other reaction but instant awe!

"Hahahah!! At last! At last! We have turned a common beast into a divine resembling variation!"

Sir. Azravan couldn't contain his excited and thrilled laughter at all, knowing that this spiritual beast was now going to sell for at least a hundred times the original price of a common lion!!

"Congratulation, brother Azravan. I don't think there is anyone more deserving of such victory."

Mr. Zannir and his servants clapped in celebration, knowing that they had a small cut of the profit from the sale of such a rare beast.

"Haha! Thank you, thank you."

"What do you have in mind about its name?"

"I don't know yet, but let's call it Two-Headed Crimson Lion for now until I find a befitting name for its glorious appearance."DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Sir. Azravan rubbed his hands akin to a sleazy merchant, already imagining his reputation skyrocketing through the roof after he put it in an auction.

'So, that's how the scam works.'

Felix thought calmly as he watched those clowns celebrating in front of the camera, having no idea that the more they open their mouths, the more screwed they would end up.

As for the scam?

Felix understood that the customers believe that Sir. Azravan had the best hunters under him, strong and fearless enough to explore the depth of the Beasts Kingdom to capture those bizarre beasts.

But in reality? They were a mere product of a peculiar fruit inside a secret stable.

From what he heard, many specimens had gone through the evolution process and most of the time, he never get what he wanted.

But still, the difficulty to obtain those rare beasts was one of the attraction to the collectors and this entire operation voided it.

'I have him red-handed that he is deceiving his customers. If this video were to ever spread out, his entire life would be over without needing to take it to court as each customer will sue him for fraud.'

'This is even deadlier than what I have anticipated.' Felix smiled coldly, his mind already starting to devise a new plan to milk Sir. Azravan out of everything he gots!