Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1426 Milking Him Dry!

Unfortunately for Felix, he had to cut the video short and take an early departure as his energy was treading on a dangerous low.

Still, he was more than satisfied with what he had gotten.

Without creating any unnecessary drama, he flew away from the town and headed in the direction of the closest city to him.

He had to use a transportation method if he wanted to return to the capital in no time.

...

After Felix returned to the capital, he reactivated his invisibility ability and went to Miss Sanae's bureau.

"Welcome back, any results?" Miss Sanae asked as she leaned on the couch lazily, watching the tv with a bunch of opened snacks on the table.

Meanwhile, Karra, little Timmy, and Sekiro were sitting on the floor next to her.

"Don't you have work to do?" Felix's eyelids twitched, knowing that there were still nine cases needing to be closed.

"I am waiting for my people to get back to me." Miss Sanae replied as she chewed on chips.

"Is this how you run things? You wait until answers fall in your lap." Felix wasn't too convinced by her excuse.

"Little sh*t, haven't you learned by now that detective works isn't easy and needs patience?"

"Is that so?"

Felix brought out his device and manifested a holographic video.

"Hmm? HMMM?!!"

At the start, Miss Sanae didn't think much of the recording until she realized that its main characters were Sir. Azravan and Mr. Zinnar!

"Is this real?"

She fixed her posture immediately and got close to the recording with wide-open eyes, trying her best to find flaws in it to disapprove of its legitimacy.

She wasn't doing this out of spite...She simply couldn't fathom how it was possible for Felix to hold on to such a damning recording!

"As real as it could get," Felix assured.

DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"But how? Just how? Neither Azrvana nor Zinnar are foolish enough to hold their conversations in the open like this! Also, how can you record them this close without any of them noticing you? Were they the ones filming the video and you stole it somehow? What the hell is going on?!"

Miss Sanae paused the video, unable of concentrating on its content.

Who could blame her? her focus was shattered and her emotions were thrown into a chaotic mayhem with the shocking implications behind this video!

Alas...Felix had no plans to ease her confusion.

"You can say, I have my own ways," Felix said indifferently.

"Ways? WAYS? THIS IS NOTHING SHORT BUT A MIRACLE!" Miss Sanae got even more agitated with his silence as she couldn't accept not knowing Felix's method.

'Is this why he didn't want to take me with him?'

Sekiro was certain now that he would have been nothing but a burden if he accompanied Felix.

"Just drop it, I am not telling." Felix changed the subject by replaying the video from the start. "Watch and listen carefully, we have enough to do more than just ruin his life."

Even though Miss Sanae was displeased with Felix's secrecy as she still considered him her servant, she dropped the matter for now and listened to him.

After spending one hour watching the video until it ended, everyone was left with stunned expressions.

The fruit, the evolution, the scam, everything was on full display and even an idiot was able to reach the conclusion that this evidence was a double-barrel shotgun!

"This...I have no idea how you pulled it off, but if we brought this to the court, Azravan would get thrown outside of the heavenly plane the next day!" Sekiro expressed with an ecstatic tone.

"I have a different plan in mind than suing him." Felix shook his head.

"What do you mean? You caught him red-handed selling evolved common beasts without disclosing such information to his clients beforehand. It's enough to win the case and get the bureau 50% of his entire assets as a reward." Sekiro was confused.

"Kikiki, Sekiro, your vision is too narrow-minded." Miss Sanae grinned diabolically. "What your sweet angelic master meant is why bother suing him and giving the government 50% of his assets when we can blackmail him to milk him out dry?"I think you should take a look at

Felix merely snapped his finger and pointed it at Miss Sanae in support of her plan.

He knew that when it came to profits and earnings, they were kindred souls as there was no way Miss Sanae was going to act rightfully with such a shotgun in her hand.

"Instead of handing the gun to the court, we might as well point it ourselves at Azravan," Felix said indifferently.

"But...What about Emeric?" Karra inquired with a soft tone, reminding them that this case was first presented by the servant who wanted his freedom.

"His situation can easily be solved as there is no way Azravan won't free his servant if we commanded him." Miss Sanae laughed sinisterly, "You have no idea what spirits will do to avoid getting kicked out of the heavenly plane."

Even dark spirits with depressed lives try their absolute best to keep themselves afloat on the plane.

Don't even mention one of the plane's most known beasts traders whose reputation was skyrocketing on a daily basis.

So, Felix and Miss Sanae sat down and prepared the best approach to earn the most out of Azravan.

When they were done planning, midnight had already struck.

"I guess he should have returned by now." Felix looked at his master and said, "Shall we go?"

"No need to go, he will come to us willingly." Miss Sanae grinned, "I happened to have his number."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Miss Sanae drafted a short email and attached a five-second snippet of the video in it...Then, she sent it to Sir. Azravan.

"Now, we wait." She said as she swiveled on the tv and continued eating her snacks.

"Put something nice." Felix joined her with the same cool attitude.

...

Meanwhile, on the highest floor of the Spiritual Beasts Shop, Sir. Azravan was seen waking up with a dazed look after hearing his device peeping.

"Who's bothering me at this late hour?" Displeased, he picked up his crystal device and glanced at the notification, seeing that he had received a new email.

When he perceived the name of the sender, his displeasure had gotten even worse. "What does that irritating lunatic want from me?"

Even though the majority of the business owners and underground criminals hated Miss Sanae's guts, they still kept in contact with her, knowing that a day might come when they would need her services.

Without further ado, Sir. Azravan opened the email and it had a single sentence written like this.

-After you watch the clip, come meet me right away. :) :)-

Sir. Azravan's eyelids twitched in annoyance at her arrogance, but still, curiosity got the best of him and he pressed on the attachment.

The first thing that popped out was his ultra, ultra-high-

definition face celebrating excitedly with Mr. Zinnar and his servants while a crimson-winged lion was sleeping in front of them.

"..."

Sir. Azravan's widened eyes were left glued to the screen, every ounce of color draining from his face after the clip ended.

It was a mere five seconds, but he felt like he was watching it for eternity.

"Im..Im..Impossi..ble."

Cold sweat formed on his brow, his heart pounding so violently that it threatened to leap from his chest.

The very foundation of his beliefs and the world he realized seemed to shatter...A chilling sensation of fear gripped him, his breaths coming out ragged and shallow.

Disbelief clouded his eyes, making them wide and vulnerable, as if desperately searching for some hint of forgery or deceit in the video after playing it more than ten times.

Alas, each time it ended, he was left with nothing but a sense of absolute despair clawing him down to the abyss as the weight of the potential consequences pressed heavily on his soul!

The room felt suffocating, and the walls seemed to close in on him as the magnitude of what he had just witnessed began to settle in.

At the end of his emotional breakdown, only one contemplated remained in his mind.

'I am f*cked!'