1428 The Northern District.

Since Mr. Zinnar had shown up in the video, he was just as involved as Sir. Azravan.

"Why don't you go for him yourselves." Sir Azravan said with an agitated tone, "You can blackmail him too and screw his business apart."

"Who told you we aren't going to do so?" Miss Sanae smiled coldly, "For now, all you need to care about is to save your own skin. So, you better sign this contract and start working on those payments."

Miss Sanae forwarded a holographic contract that was more than enough to bind Sir. Azravan with them for eternity.

40% of the revenue might not sound like a lot, but it was the smartest decision to make as it was enough to get a significant amount of profits while making sure that Sir. Azravan's business stay afloat.

This was better than blackmailing him to liquify his business and get millions of Lumus at once.

Plus, this take would end up rising suspicious as there was no way a successful beast seller would sell his entire business without any notice.

The upper echelons and law enforcers were bound to investigate the situation and there was a high chance their involvement would come to light.

As much as Sir. Azravan deserved to be punished, they would also get put in court for blackmail.

"You monsters...This contract is nothing less but a slave chain."

After reading the entire contract, Sir. Azravan covered his mouth, feeling sick in his stomach at the evil terms.

The contract was heavily in favor of Miss Sanae as she made sure that even if Sir. Azravan secret scam ploy was found out, it wouldn't come back at her or her people.

She insisted that all of the money received was considered a 'donation' to her investigation bureau.

This made Sir. Azravan understand that he wouldn't be able to drag her with him even if he wanted since the contract ensured her ignorance about the entire matter.

While obviously, no one would really believe it...But a contract was a contract and the courts treated it with utmost reverence.

"Can't you lower..."

"Sign!"

"Fine..."

Just as Sir. Azravana was about to sign the contract with tears threatening to flood from his reddened eyes, Felix called. "Wait."

Sir. Azravan's finger halted instantly and he turned to face Felix with a desperate look, deserving of some sympathy.

"What? Did you suddenly grow conscious and don't want to do this?" Miss Sanae frowned.

"Conscious? What are you talking about?" Felix looked at her like she was an idiot and said, "I just wanted you to add a term, insisting that he has to hand over the crimson lion to me."

"You..."

Sir. Azravan's face was drained out of colors, awakened to the reality of his situation.

The reality that Felix was even more heartless than Miss Sanae!

"Pffff, kikiki, you sure are merciless."

Miss Sanae laughed out loud as she swiftly pulled back the contract and added the term under Sir. Azravan's numbed expression.

At this moment, he wanted nothing more but to beat himself for not signing the contract much sooner.

Alas, what's done was done.

"Sign." She ordered.

Fearing that another condition would be added, Sir. Azravan signed the contract while holding his chest, seemingly going to suffer from a heart attack.

"We expect half of our money to arrive at first light." Miss Sanae smiled innocently, showing her cute fangs, "Glad doing business with you."

"..."

Sir. Azravan showed her a compelled deathly smile and kept looking at the void beneath the desk.

"Alright, get the f*ck out and also do me a favor and bring Zinnar to the city, I have no interest in traveling to his city." Miss Sanae ordered as she waved her hand at him in a disposal manner.

With shoulders slumped and voice caught in his throat, Sir. Azravan walked to the closed door akin to a zombie without an ounce of life in his visage.

Felix moved to the side and opened the door for him. The moment he walked out, Felix reminded him with an indifferent tone, "Tell Emeric to come visit us."

The moment Sir. Azravan heard the name of his favorite punching bag, his soul seemed to have recovered as clear anger was presented in the depth of his eyes.I think you should take a look at

'It's him...It's him! He is the one who f*cked me over!' Sir. Azravan seemed like he was trying his best to hold his rage from spelling out, panting with great difficulty.

He was smart enough to figure out that Emeric must have hired Miss Sanae to free him from his abuse.

"What are you thinking about?"

Suddenly, a soft whisper teased his ear as Felix placed his head right on Sir. Azravan's shoulder.

When Sir Azravan's pupil turned slowly to the side and saw the inner darkness and pure ruthlessness hidden at the depth of Felix's emotionless eyes, his heated blood seemed to have been introduced to a snowstorm...

"N..No..Nothing." He responded, his teeth chattering in utter fear.

"This better be the truth," Felix whispered again. "For I, will always be watching you."

Before Sir. Azravan could react to his threat, Felix was already walking back to the office.

"Also, make sure to leave the office with a normal attitude," Felix remarked one last time before closing the door on him.

'Monsters, a bunch of monsters!'

Sir. Azravan's fear made him want to take off at his fastest speed back to the comfort of his shop, but the reminder of Felix rang in his mind akin to a church bell.

He compelled himself to fix his composure and then took his leave from the door, appearing as stern as always.

'Hmm? He is out already?' Oculon thought with a solemn expression.

He had seen Sir. Azravan enter Miss Sanae's bureau and was quite curious about the reason.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Even though Sir. Azravan's demeanor hadn't changed, he still reported the matter to his boss and remained in his position, not wanting to chase him and leave Felix unwatched.

...

"Interesting, did he go there for a case? To dig dirt on his competitors? Or for the sake of that bastard?"

Boss Alves tapped his finger on his desk with an irritated look, trying his best to find the perfect explanation for this...Alas, he was coming out blank.

In the end, he decided to leave it to his subordinates to investigate as he had a meeting in fifteen minutes with Duke Humphrey.

"It's best to leave early, I am not in the mood for a lecture."

Boss Alves fixed his apple-green coat and took off into the air, heading towards the northern side of the city, where the richest and most influential spirits reside.

...

The Northern District was considered the crown jewel of opulence and power.

With grand boulevards lined with shimmering trees and palatial residences, it was a testament to the city's wealth and prestige.

Home to the city's elite and influential figures, this district radiated authority, as its sky-touching towers and intricately designed mansions house the echelons of the spiritual realm's aristocracy.

Here, power and privilege intertwine, making it the most sought-after piece of real estate in Astralis.

Unfortunately, even Boss Alves and the other richest figures had no estate in this district. It wasn't because they couldn't afford it, but because this district was mainly left for governmental officials.

Anyone getting a position in the government would be given a free estate depending on his preference and rank.

The Ethereal Elders, The Spectral Wardens, The Soul Scribes, The Astral Law Enforcers, and the rest of the governmental officials were all housed here separated from the rest of the spirits.

If Boss Alves wasn't a golden spirit, he wouldn't have been approved to enter this district in the first place.

After flying for a couple of minutes, Boss Alves descended in front of the gate of a grand mansion sprawled over acres of manicured gardens.

Its façade was adorned with intricate carvings and precious gemstones that caught the ethereal glow of the spirit realm.

Ka-thumb!

Without needing to announce his attendance, the magnificent silver gate was opened for him, and he continued his flight toward the main building, ignoring the red-colored servants and the unique beasts roaming the gardens freely.

After reaching the main door, a maid bowed in his direction and took off his coat...Then, she led him towards Duke Humphery silently.

'This place never fails to give me the creeps.' Boss Alves' eyes roamed around, feeling uneasy with each step he took.

While the others would die to visit this mansion and appreciate its artistic style and furniture, Boss Alves knew exactly what kind of place this was...

'I hope he didn't bring me here to discuss the fallen specters, I really don't want any part of his insanity.' Boss Alves wished in his mind, but his feet never stopped moving.