Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1433 The First To Secure A Spot!

Meanwhile, the spectators at home, who had just tuned in and prepared themselves for an exhilarating battle, stared in wide-eyed disbelief at their screens.

Families gathered in living rooms gasped collectively, their plans for a spirited evening of rooting for their favorites abruptly halted.

"Dad? Why are they on the ground? Is this some trick?"

"I don't know..."

Young children asked their elders if what they witnessed was a trick, while the older generation, who thought they'd seen it all, could only shake their heads in utter dumbfoundedness.

Up in the opulent chambers of the Colosseum, a hushed silence prevailed.

Here, amidst grandeur and decadence, the powerful and powerful had gathered, many having personally sponsored some of the now-incapacitated fighters.

Crystal chalices, hovering mid-air, paused in their paths as conversations came to an abrupt stop...Whispers filled the room, each murmurs a mix of disbelief and shock.

"He did that with a mere clap?"

Lady Iris felt shivers course down her spine as she watched Felix walking down the arena with the same emotionless expression.

"What kind of power is that..." Boss Gideon asked, but no one was in the right state to answer him.

Even Mr. Atricus' pupils were enlarged to the limit, trying his best to process the scene before him but to no avail.

"Impossible...This is just impossible! There is no way he made everyone lose consciousness with just a single clap!" Madam Arabella was the first to have her insanity crack.

Unfortunately for everyone, Felix had no plans to explain what happened. He merely whistled once and the crimson double-headed lion woke up from its slumber.

Thud!!

It landed in front of Felix and he mounted on top with Sekiro...Then, he ordered it to return home.

After following his trajectory for a moment with their eyes, Felix disappeared into the horizon, making everyone switch their focus to the fallen fighters...

In a few moments at best, the thirty incapacitated fighters began to stir.

Slowly, the weight of the situation pressed down on them as they regained their senses...Their visions, previously a blur, started to focus on the distant sky of the Colosseum.

Then, it hit them.

-You have been eliminated from the competition, please separate yourself from other fighters-

-You have been removed from the competition, please separate yourself from other fighters-

-You have been removed from the competition, please separate yourself from other fighters-

One by one, they received this notification in their crystal devices, sounding loud and clear across the arena.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

When Nadira, Rhael, Thorn, Elara, and the rest of the fighters heard it, their hearts sunk to the bottom of their stomach while their brains seemed to have short-circuited from stupefaction.

"It can't be..."

"This isn't real..."

"Me? Eliminated? Me? Like this?"

"WHAT THE F*CK JUST HAPPENED!"

Some were still in denial, some skipped straight to bargaining, and some were left absolutely livid.

The realization hit them like a tidal wave; they had been taken out of the competition not by a strike, not by an elemental spell, but by a mere clap of hands!!

Feelings of indignation, disbelief, and embarrassment washed over them...Especially, when they were talking all that crap, just to end up passing out without laying a single finger on Felix.

As the reality set in, some of the ashamed fighters left the arena with their heads lowered, while others left with flames burning in their eyes, not wanting to accept their early elimination without proper explanation.

"This is truly an unbelievable sight...If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it even if I was beaten to a pulp."

Mr. Sogrus commentated with a tint of suppressed enthusiasm as he watched the outsiders, running away with their tails behind their backs.

WHOOOOOH!!! CLAP!! CLAP!! CLAP!!

As Astralis citizens broke out of their daze, all of them cheered across the entire city, not caring in the slightest about the method used!

All they cared about was the result and Felix had shown everyone that he wasn't joining this tournament to fool around!

***

Back at the bureau...

"You better tell me how you pulled it off! I can't sleep in peace without knowing!"

Miss Sanae was seen choking Felix's collar as she yelled at him like a frantic woman...Felix was ignoring her completely, his eyes affixed to the news on the tv.

It was speaking about nonother than his latest domination over thirty fighters, which caused a ruckus across the entire heavenly plane...Especially, when the battle lasted for less than a couple of seconds and everyone was removed by a mere harmless clap!

"Tell me! Tell me!" Miss Sanae kept shaking Felix's head, wanting to irritate him into a confession.

Alas, Felix was invested in his own thoughts.

'It worked as a charm because of those idiots underestimating me and not popping off their telekinesis barriers the moment they got into the arena.'

'I doubt it will work again now that everyone will start fearing me for real.' Felix shrugged his shoulders, 'Whatever, I learned it for the sake of the great filter stage anyways.'

The moment Felix was done with the case, he threw himself into his preparation to secure his spot in the top sixteen elimination stage.

His increased spiritual prowess to such a high level enabled him to have more access to much more complex and fuel-consuming abilities.

While the sound wave emerging from the clap seemed quite simple, in reality, it was one of the most complex vibrational abilities he had to master until this point!

He called it, *Brain Shutdown*.

It was a formidable ability that delved into the intricate neural networks of the target, meticulously identifying and matching the unique brainwave frequencies of the opponent!

Once synchronized, Felix released a precise vibrational burst, causing a disruption in the natural flow of electrical impulses within the brain.

This disruption immediately overloaded the neural pathways, making it impossible for the target to remain conscious!

The strength of Brain Shutdown was such that resistance was futile as long as the target wasn't shielding his mind and body with a telekinesis barrier.

It required immense concentration and mastery, as even the slightest miscalculation can render the technique ineffective.

Fortunately or unfortunately? Felix used Karra as his practice dummy in the past week.

While it seemed a bit inhumane and too ruthless, Karra didn't mind helping Felix at all...Especially, when the worst thing that happened was her passing out gently into the floor without any pain.

"The Traveller has removed thirty fighters, which resulted in his obtaining thirty points! He could be uttered to have secured his spot in the next stage in less than ten seconds from the start of the great filter stage!"

"This is a historical record on its own as even the most powerful champion Nebula hadn't achieved the same extraordinary results!"

"Is this the start of a new legacy for Astralis city and the end of the tale for The Northern Lights city?!"

The reporter on the screen was a clear Astralis citizen as he spoke with great zeal and joy, making sure that the entire heavenly plane hear about Felix's achievement.

He sure did a great job as the news didn't take long before it reached The Northern Lights' infamous representatives, Zephyr, Evergreen, and Nebula.

Amidst the clear azure sky, three majestic beasts soared, each leaving its own distinct trail.

Zephyr rode a Gryphocorn, a magnificent creature with the body of a bear, the wings of an eagle, and the spiraled horn of a unicorn, which glowed a soft blue.

Evergreen was mounted on the Verdant Wyrm, a serpentine creature covered in lush green scales and adorned with leafy wings, it's very being seeming to embody the essence of forests.

Nebula glided gracefully on a Celestifox, a silver-furred fox with starry patterns across its body and ethereal wings that shimmered like the Milky Way.

As they maneuvered through a cluster of fluffy clouds, Evergreen pulled out a flat, rectangular crystal device.

The glassy surface illuminated, revealing moving images of Felix, victorious and triumphant. "You won't believe this," Evergreen called out, his voice echoing through the open air. "The Traveler has defeated thirty fighters with a single clap."

Zephyr, with a twinkle of surprise in his eyes, responded, "I knew he had potential, but this was beyond anything I had imagined."

Nebula, her rabbit-like ears perked in interest...She got her own device out and checked the replay by herself.

When she saw how Felix pulled it off, she lost her interest immediately and uttered with an apathetic tone. "How boring."