Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1434 Interrogating Sir. Azravan.

"We know that our goddess isn't easily impressed, but come on, this is still a spectacular scene." Zypher retorted at her comment.

While he was on her team, it didn't mean that he got along with her well. In fact, no one got along with Nebula as her personality wasn't that approachable due to her brutal honesty.

The fact she was dominating the heavenly plane's tournament for the last decade didn't help improve her image in the eyes of the fighters across the realm.

"I don't know how he caused everyone to faint, but he still used a sound wave to achieve it," Nebula replied calmly.

"It means his attack can't do anything against your abilities." Evergreen continued her sentence.

"Tsk, if you keep analyzing everyone's attacks on whether they can penetrate your space/time abilities, then you will never be interested in anything." Zypher clicked his tongue.

He understood that the only reason Nebula was still joining those competitions was to find someone posing an actual challenge to her.

Unfortunately, everyone she faced had left her disappointed...It wasn't really their fault as her elements made the fights simply be held in two different leagues.

"If you are so bored, why don't you just retire and leave the stage for us youngsters," Zypher muttered under his breath, "It will be nice to become a champion once."

Even her teammates were sick of her hogging the championship. If it wasn't for the fact that the top ten fighters were all rewarded with a decent amount of Lumus, no one would bother to participate in the heavenly plane tournament with her being around.

"I will retire when my master allo..."

"Allows you, we know, we know." Evergreen cut her off with clear vexation in his tone.

She had been saying the same every year after she won her fifth championship and by now, they started to think she was using it as an excuse to keep farming the half million Lumus each year.

Well, to be fair, both of them were certain that if they were presented with the same opportunity, there was no way they would retire early and leave such a free source of income.

A bit hypocritical of them, but even in the heavenly plane, each sought their own self-interest.

"Ahh, if only we weren't so high profile and everyone avoided us like a plague, we could have gotten our points in the same manner as the Traveler." Zypher changed the subject with a deep exhausted sigh.

"There is nothing to be done about it, everyone knows that the moment we reach the next stage, the tournament will be ours to conquer." Evergreen shook his head.

"Let them hide, hunting them is my only source of entertainment." Nebula yawned.

Both Evergreen and Zypher's eyelids twitched at her reply, deciding to remain silent for the rest of the journey to not get any more frustrated by her comments.

The Great Filter Stage was going to last for months and this gave them more than enough time to get the needed points to secure their spots even if the other contestants avoided them.

After all, the GPS merely showed red dots on their devices, but not the identity of the fighters.

So, it would be near impossible to avoid them forever, unless no one wanted to leave their cities.

***

Days went by and then months...Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

While the Great Filter Stage was going in full swing with fights happening across the entire heavenly plane, Felix was focusing on solving low-difficulty cases.

At the same time preparing for the real tournament as he knew that his ending wouldn't be pleasant if he didn't find a method to handle Nebula's space/time abilities.

Fortunately, the points gathered by each fighter were accessible to everyone, allowing Felix to see that he was still holding the crown with his thirty points even after months.

Though, Nebula, Zypher, Evergreen, Ravager, and many other powerful fighters were closing in the gap at a rapid pace...Especially Nebula, who was holding twenty-four points.

Considering that everyone avoided her, it was a note-

worthy achievement.

Right now, Felix was seen sitting in Miss Sanae's office, working on a file of another case, but this one was related to adultery.

In the heavenly plane's system, spirits had automatic consent from their servants for sex-related matters unless it was stated in a contract that the servant forbid it.

So, when two married spirits go out of their way to commit adultery with anyone else besides their servants, the court would intervene and punish the cheater.

"People really cheat even in the afterlife, I guess looking for unnecessary trouble can't be changed for some."

Felix shook his head as he closed the file, picking up a time in his schedule to go spy on the cheater and film him during the act with his illusion abilities.

He had solved more than eight cases using the same method, causing Miss Sanae to treat him akin to her precious treasure.

Obviously, Felix was working this hard since he was paid through a hefty commission and to upgrade his color to golden, he needed more than a million Lumus.

Since he had used almost everything he possessed to push his spiritual prowess, he was still a long way before making it happen.

Thud!

"Darling, I am back."

Suddenly, Miss Sanae burst through the door with a wide grin while wearing her infamous black cloak...One look and one would be certain that she was up to some shady stuff.

"I told you, don't call me that." Felix eyed her coldly.

He might not be able to display any intimate emotions, but his frozen heart was still owned by one person and one alone...He had no interest in flirting even if it was a joke.

"Tsk, loosening a bit won't kill you, you know?" Miss Sanae uttered as she started undressing in front of him, uncaring if he saw her naked.

Felix still turned his head to the side and asked indifferently, "How was your research?"

"It's harder than I anticipated." Miss Sanae frowned, "It's like Karra's previous owner went out of his way to make sure that she doesn't associate with him. I asked everywhere and used all sorts of connections to no avail."

"Is that so."

"This kind of authority is quite scary." Miss Sanae said with a stern tone, "We already know he is a noble, but now I have a strong feeling that her previous master was in a high position in the government."

"What does that mean?" Felix inquired.

"It means what it means." Miss Sanae shrugged her shoulders, "I will continue trying my best to investigate the case, but if a governmental official was related to it, I ain't getting close by a mile."

Felix could understand her concerns as she was still a mere private investigator with indirect support from the government.

This meant she could examine everyone besides governmental officials...Only investigators from the law enforcers department could handle such cases.

If even his master knew her boundaries, Felix had no interest in overstepping them regardless if it meant not bringing fairness to Karra.

Unbeknownst to them, the moment they decided to house Karra, they were already involved in the case whether they liked it or not.

Boss Alves was working even harder than them to find dirt on Miss Sanae to use against her...He started with nonother than Sir. Azravan.

Right now, Boss Alves could be seen sitting in Sir. Azravan's office at the top of his shop.

"Azravan, why don't you make it easier for all of us and just confess your connection with the witch and her servant." Boss Alves uttered while sipping tea in a calm manner.

"Boss Alves, I really have nothing to do with them, I..."

"Sigh, stop with the lies, I have no time to waste." Boss Alves interrupted him with a wave of his hand, displaying multiple holographic screens.

Each screen showed detailed evidence of Sir. Azravan's involvement with Miss Sanae and Felix.

One showed the delivery of the crimson double-headed lion under his shop, and another showed a recording of Sir. Azravan repeated visitations to the Bureau.

"This..."

Sir. Azravan's words were stuck in his throat as he had no clue that he was being investigated by Boss Alves' people.

"Are you ready to speak now, or do you want me to remove all of your shop privileges?" Boss Alves uttered calmly, "You know fairly well how negatively your business will be affected without them."

"My apologies, but my visitations to her bureau are related to a private matter in my family and you have no right to get your nose in it." Sir. Azravan replied coldly, "As for the crimson beast? It wasn't given to them, it was lent as part of our payment agreement."

Even though Sir. Azravan was caught in a difficult place, he still refused to open his mouth.

It wasn't like he didn't want to betray Miss Sanae, he knew that if Boss Alves found out about the fruits and his scam, it would be a thousand times worse than Miss Sanae having it.

After all, Miss Sanae couldn't have cared less about them, but Boss Alves would have most definitely contacted Mr. Zinner and taken the fruits' cultivation method to himself, using it to kickstart a new business in the beasts' market.

This was enough to seal his fate completely.

Plus, even if he brought out the matter, Miss Sanae couldn't be mentioned due to the contract terms...So, he would be outing himself to another greedy monster for no reason.

"Are you sure this is your stance?" Boss Alves narrowed his eyes at him.

"I don't have a stance, I uttered what's really happening and if you don't believe it, you can take away my privileges." Sir. Azravan replied with a stern tone, "My profits might take a massive hit, but it's better than having you bastards use it as a sword for every little inconvenience related to me."

"Now, f*ck off from my shop before I call the law enforcers for threatening a law-abiding citizen."