Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1435 Forced to Commit To The Case.

"..." Boss Alves was left silent but a tint of surprise was seen in his pupils.

He was taken aback by Sir Azravan's aggressive stance, causing him to doubt the truth of his words.

'Now, I am certain there is something going on between them.'

Boss Alves understood that Sir. Azravan would never attempt cutting ties with his company unless the consequences of telling him the truth were much harder to handle.

"This isn't over."

Still, he didn't overstay his welcome as he had no interest in involving the law enforcers.

Unlike other citizens, Sir. Azravan couldn't really be blacklisted by all upper echelons since he was bringing the rarest beasts into the city and they were his number one customers.

So, even if Boss Alves used his connections, it wouldn't work.

After his departure, Sir. Azravan reached out to Miss Sanae immediately and voiced his complaint.

"What did you do to the Red Fangs' leader? He came snooping on our business, wanting to give you out."

The moment Felix and Miss Sanae heard this, their expression became solemn.

"What did you tell him?"

"What do you think? I bullsh*ted myself through his interrogation, but he isn't stupid enough to believe me." Sir. Azravan got irritated, "Now, even my shop's privileges will be lost and this will harm my profile even more."

"Those privileges weren't legal in the first place, so stop crying about it." Miss Sanae stressed, "Just stick to your story and he won't find anything."

"Do I have any other choice?" Sir. Azravan asked again, "You still haven't told me what's between you."

Sir. Azravan knew about the blacklist order on Felix and how Boss Alves seemed at odds with him, but he had no idea about its reasoning.

Neither Miss Sanae nor Felix had any intentions to bring him into their situation.

"Don't worry about it, stick to your story and you will be fine."

Before Sir. Azravan could say anything, the call was hung up and he was left seething in his office, feeling like he was caught in the middle of something way above his paygrade.

'F*ck, I just wanted to earn money.'

...

"Alright, this is starting to freak me out a bit." Miss Sanae said, her tone as serious as it could get. "For Alves to go out of his way to dig dirt on me, it implies he wants to get rid of me. Since we never had such a bad interaction, it only means he wants to get you kicked out of my office after I get punished."

"He is doing this for Karra clearly as there is no way he will be narrow-minded to come this hard at me just because I pissed him off." Felix nodded in support of her analysis.

"In other words, the noble behind Karra has no intentions of letting this matter go to rest until she gets kicked out of the heavenly plane." Miss Sanae reasoned.

"For a noble to go this far, Karra's relation to the specters' case must be deeper than we anticipated." Felix stated, "She could know some damaging information about the noble and the only way for him to get peace of mind is by kicking her off the plane."Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"If it's like that, then this situation won't be over until he gets what he wanted." Miss Sanae gave Felix a knowing look.

"Not happening." Felix understood what he wanted and rejected it immediately, "I have no interest in throwing Karra out."

"Despite your assholish attitude, you sure are a devoted one." Miss Sanae smiled for a moment before her expression turned solemn again. "But, loyalty won't get us out of this sticky situation."

"Why do we need to get out?" Felix shared, "Even if the noble was in a governmental position, we can still investigate him and hand over the data to the law department. They can take it from there and handle him."

"We can do this, but we won't be getting anything in return unless the department decided to reward us on their own." Miss Sanae frowned, not too pleased with the notion of working for free.

"That's where you're mistaken." Felix shook his head, "This Fallen Specters' case must have other backgrounds involved. In fact, even Alves might have a part in it. So, while we can't do anything to the noble, we can still earn a significant amount of assets if we took down his subordinates."

"That's true."

Miss Sanae realized that Felix was right.

For such a massive and hidden operation, there were way too many gears at work...Yet, everything was kept under control and in the shadows.

This signified the involvement of many other capable figures and if they focused on them during their investigation, they were bound to get paid handsomely.

"Since Alves is acting as the noble's sword against us, he would have definitely visited him one time or a couple lately." Miss Sanae smirked faintly, "I just need to keep my eyes on him and he will definitely lead us to the figurehead."

"You do that, I will see if it's possible to gather information from other sources." Felix nodded.

Felix didn't specify what he would be doing exactly as he was planning to use his illusion abilities to invade Karra's memories and extract information directly from the source.

While this kind of information couldn't be used in courts, it would help them learn much more about the Fallen Specters case if Karra was really an important figure in the operation.

....

The Next Morning...

Felix could be seen sitting on the roof with a holographic screen, showing Nebula dominating each fight with her space/time abilities.

"Compared to Selphie, her time abilities are much worse than even lesser spells...But, they are still more than enough to strike despair in the hearts of the fighters." He commentated.

Indeed, Nebula was seen slowing down time momentarily each time she was on defense, causing all projectiles and even the fighters to be left helplessly traveling at a snail's pace.

Then, she finished them off with a spatial blade, cutting them from the middle with their telekinesis barrier still intact.

Since death wasn't an choice in the heavenly plane, the spirits regrew their bodies to their peak forms again and then regain their consciousness.

This was one of the many reasons she was feared, as she always threw her opponents into week-lasting comas if not longer.

"Simple skills, but overpowered enough to dominate the realm." Felix knitted his eyebrows, "If I want to not fall into the same ending, I have to find spacetime resonance frequency."

Felix had spent months on it by now and he was still struggling with this...Through his studies on spacetime in the living world, he found out that there was a possibility the spacetime have a natural frequency at which it oscillated, known as a "resonance frequency."

This meant that certain types of waves, such as gravitational waves, could be amplified or suppressed depending on the frequency.

It was like spacetime was the chessboard and the waves were the chess pieces on it.

While players controlled the pieces and left the board alone, Felix was attempting to gain control over the board itself and make it capable of affecting even the pieces.

If he pulled it off, any spacetime-related ability could be countered by manipulating its frequency resonance.

This was his base theory at least as he had really no clue if it was even possible or if he was way over his head.

After all, he had no master this time and a entirely rare element to explore. Fortunately, he was capable of using his imagination to go through thousands upon thousands of experiments and errors.

"I barely have two months left before the start of the next stage...Will it be enough?"

Honestly, Felix doubted it and he had a intense feeling that he might end up a target to Nebula's domination.

Alas, he could only work his hardest to master this ability and wish for the best.