Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1438 Getting Scorned By Everyone!

With that accusation ringing in everyone's ears, a hush fell over the crowd.

The declaration hung in the air, echoing ominously. Whispers buzzed through the audience like an agitated hive, the earlier cheer replaced by palpable tension.

The spotlight seemed to burn brighter, turning all eyes onto Zypher, forcing him to break from his daze and try to defend himself.

However, when he opened his mouth, he realized that anything he said would just make the situation worse for him.

'F*ck me! Why did I show myself when he called and even entered this rat's room!' He cursed, his eyes burning with fury at the sight of Felix's indifferent expression.

He felt like an idiot for believing that someone as powerful and stern looking as Felix would publicly rat him out.

'You bastard! How can you willingly throw your reputation like this.' Zypher spoke mentally with Felix.

'Do I look like I care?' Felix replied carelessly, 'Forfeit the battle and I won't need to bring out evidence. You know that the punishment might even be strict enough to ban you from participating in a couple of future tournaments.'

'Shameless f*cker! Don't you have any pride? How can you go this far to avoid a fight?!'

'Pride? I'm just not an idiot who wastes his energy and time on something that can be concluded with the least amount of effort.' Felix warned one last time, 'Now, voice your surrender before I make this larger than it is.'

'You're bluffing, if you had the evidence, you would have used it yesterday and reported me without needing to expose yourself to the scorn of the viewers.' Zypher narrowed his eyes with a cold smirk, greatly confident in his reasoning.

'The moment I sensed your existence, I have already started recording in case you were dumb enough to trust me and enter my room.' Felix shared. 'I didn't report you yesterday since I have no interest in eliminating you without knowing first if you will be one of my opponents.'

'As for the viewers' scorn?' Felix ordered calmly, 'Look at me, do I really look like I care?'

Zypher felt his heart drop to the bottom of his stomach at the sight of Felix's visage remaining the same as ever even when the audience began to get rowdier and rowdier.

He could feel it deep inside his bone. 'This f*cker isn't bluffing!'

Zypher realized that he couldn't afford to bet possibly five future tournaments for the sake of fighting for one.

'Even if I forfeited, we will be investigated later on for the reasoning and he will give them the evidence either way.'

'I can see what you are thinking, but don't worry, I have no interest in ruining your future. I just want this easy win.' Felix assured him. 'So, either take a bet on me or believe that I am bluffing and let me expose you here.'

'F*ck! F*ck! F*ck this sh*t!' Zypher got angrier and angrier at his situation the more Felix spoke, realizing that his fate would be in Felix's hands either way.

Still, he had to choose the most favorable option even though this decision made his heart burn in hatred and fury.

Soon, he looked at Mr. Mannar and lifted his hand in the air, declaring his forfeit.

Everyone was taken aback by his decision and before they could react, Zypher had already turned into a wind tornado and disappeared from the arena.

"I guess I am the winner by default?" Felix uttered calmly as he walked back to his seat.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

BOOOOOO!!! BOOOOO!!!...

The moment his ass cheeks touched the seat, an explosion of angry booes and hisses resounded thunderously across the colosseum.

"YOU LOSER COWARD!!"

"MOTHERF*CKER! I LOST TEN THOUSAND LUMUS BEFORE THE FIGHT EVEN STARTED!"

"INVESTIGATE THOSE TWO BASTARDS! THIS MUST BE A BETTING COLLUSION!"

"Kikiki! I have won almost double the amount in less than ten seconds! As expected of my dear treasure."

No one was more happy with this outcome than Miss Sanae and those who placed their bets on Felix.

The remaining 90%? All of them lose money and they weren't planning to let this down easily!

"Everyone, please calm down! Both parties will be investigated at the end of the tournament and if there was truly any foul play between them, all of the bets will be voided. So, just relax and enjoy the next battle between Draven and our champion Nebula!"

Mr. Mannar did his absolute best to cool down the audience's rage.

When everyone heard that an investigation would be carried out, their anger was suppressed a bit but not completely died off.

Everyone was still irritated at Felix for turning such an epic battle into this sh*tshow for the sake of a free win.

But as he said, he really couldn't care less. He could be seen cleaning his nails even when his ears were picking up the worst possible curses thrown in his direction.

"How disappointing, if you had to rely on such cheap tactics to get rid of Zypher, you really should consider forfeiting against me."

When Nebula floated down from her seat and got near Felix, she left this discontented comment and continued on her path to the arena.

"Or else?" Felix asked with a dull tone.

"I will give you a short demonstration," Nebula uttered without turning her head.

Felix remained silent as he watched her step into the ring with Draven on the opposite side.

Draven stood apart from the ordinary with his luminous, crystal-like skin. Every facet of his form seems to catch and refract light in mesmerizing patterns, giving him an otherworldly glow.

He possessed two large butterfly wings on his back, fluttering softly against the wind. His weapon of choice was two sharp metallic spinning axes.

He wasn't weak in the slightest as he was one of the fighters who almost always reached the quarter-finals in each year's tournament, making him a difficult opponent to challenge.

"Start!"

Alas, the moment the battle kicked off, Nebula unleashed her powers.

"Time Prison."

Time itself seemed to ripple around Draven, the world around him growing blurry and slow.

'Crap!'

Draven tried to escape from the confinement of the time prison, but his movement was so slow, it made the viewers wonder if he was even giving his best.

To the spectators, it looked as if his butterfly wings fluttered desperately, trying to break free, but they only moved sluggishly, caught within the temporal snare!

"Severence Star."

Seizing her advantage, Nebula gracefully swung her arms wide, her fingers tracing a luminous arc in the air.

They met above her head in the form of a glowing star. With a swift and decisive motion, she pushed the star towards Draven.

"Noooooo!!"

Draven's scream of terror and despair traveled in slow motion like a broken record as he watched the approaching star.

Alas, the time prison made it impossible for him to escape in time, causing it to go through his body with a sudden flash of light.

When it faded, Draven was no longer in one piece...

His crystalline body had been segmented, each part floating in place, mirroring the points of the star!

His eyes, still gleaming with life, looked around in confusion and horror, trying to comprehend the state he was now in.

"Release." Nebula snapped her finger, freeing Draven from the time confinement.

The moment she did so, Draven separated body fell into the ground and he released one of the loudest painful wails in the history of the tournament.

It lasted for a mere second before his eyes showed white, forcefully causing him to pass out to block off the agony of being sliced into pieces like a vegetable.

Nebula didn't show even an ounce of emotion at the sight. She merely turned around and stared at Felix whose focus was on their battle.

Neither she nor did he speak.

Words weren't needed as she made it clear that her fight with Felix in the next two days was going to result in the same ending if he didn't forfeit.

A clear punishment for how he dealt with her teammate!