Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1439 Nebula's Master.

After Nebula's battle was over, Draven was picked up by his servants and taken into his hotel room to help him get better.

With his terrible condition, the odds weren't in his favor. He would most likely spend at least two weeks in a coma until his entire body was healed back to form again.

Nebula showed absolutely no sympathy for her opponent as she floated back to her seat.

Ravager, Draxis, Widowed Nyx, and the rest of the fighters all showed black lines on their foreheads from distress.

'How can I take down such a monster...' Ravager clutched his fists tightly, 'Is saving my little sister really a hopeless wish?'

Ravager worked his ass to the bone in the past six months to prepare for the tournament, creating new powerful abilities and enhancing his battle experience.

But, what he had witnessed made him understand that everything he had worked for would be for naught if he landed in Nebula's hands.

Just like he was improving, she was also getting stronger.

This year's version made everyone feel a sense of despair rising with them as Draven wasn't even given enough time to use his telekinesis barrier...

"Next we have Ravager vs Widowed Nyx!" Mr. Monnar announced, causing those two fighters to grace the stage.

'It's not the time to despair, all I can do is give it my best and reach the final. If I lose then against Nebula, that f*cker might not take it so hard on me.' Ravager thought with a cold expression as he eyed his opponent.

Opposite him, Widowed Nyx floated slightly above the ground while having a dark cloud surrounding her.

She taunted him, confidence dripping from every word, "Come at me."

Ravager's response was a soft whisper, meant only for himself but heard by everyone due to the deafening silence, "Condensed Zypher Flaming Swords."

Suddenly, brilliant flames erupted from his hands, forging themselves into two gleaming swords that radiated intense heat.

The sheer energy emanating from them caused the ground beneath to crack and smolder! Yet, their creation wasn't done as two thin wind tornados manifested around them, making them resemble two illuminating wind swords!

'Danger.'

Widowed Nyx's smirk vanished, replaced by a look of genuine alarm.

Whoosh!!

As Ravager lunged at her with blinding speed, she hastily summoned her renowned telekinetic barrier and used a darkness ability to create a cover for herself.

Alas...

The swords, imbued with a force the likes of which had never been seen, sliced through the darkness cover and her barrier effortlessly...

The powerful likeness barrier neither shattered nor cracked, it got severed as smoothly as a knife going through butter...

'What...'

Widowed Nyx barely had a moment to register the shock before Ravager's blades met her, cleaving her in two with a clean, burning precision!

Whoosh!!

Ravager emerged on the other side of the dark cloud, leaving behind him a flaming 'X' mark on the dark cloud and Widowed Nyx's severed body.

WHOOOOAH!!!

The instant Widowed Nyx's body parts hit the ground, the spectators broke from their daze and cheered in excitement and fever...Everyone expected a heated conflict between the two sides as Widowed Nyx wasn't a weakling at all.

For it to end in this dominating manner surely shocked everyone and caused even the fighters to rethink their future battle with Ravager!

"Will you look at that."

Felix showed an interested expression as he watched Ravager dissolve his swords and exit the arena under the erupted cheers of the excited crowd.

He figured out that Ravager had created this new powerful technique in the past six months to deal with his own vibration element and fighting style.

After all, his anti-elemental vibration barrier couldn't handle intense abilities like those while his barrier and hammer would absolutely get destroyed with a single swing from those swords.

While Ravager's heart was in the right place, Felix hadn't spent this period messing around either.

...

After a while, the remaining battles were concluded and the quarter-final contestants were chosen.

Felix didn't hang out any longer in the Colosseum and went back to the hotel with Sekiro, Karra, and Miss Sanae by his side.

While Miss Sanae was counting her winnings with a gleeful grin, Sekiro and Karra had concerned expressions.

"Sir, won't this situation bring you some trouble?" Sekiro asked, referring to the problem with Zypher and the upcoming investigation.

"Zypher forfeited willingly and as long as I don't show them the evidence of him spying in my room, I can just tell them that I was playing mind games and he got freaked out for some reason." Felix shrugged his shoulders, "As long as we didn't collude to fix the bets, the only ones who care about Zypher's forfeit are his sponsors and his betters."

"I see..."

For now, Felix didn't waste his time thinking about Zypher or the repercussions...His mind was occupied with his upcoming fight, wanting to think of a plan that could help him secure the win against that monster.

...

Sometime later, on the northern side of the city, where only governmental officials were allowed to live, Nebula was seen walking inside a corridor of a magnificent palace.

Her usual arrogance and careless attitude were no more. She became polite and respectful as she walked with a straight back in the direction of a gate at the end of the corridor.

When she arrived at the door, she knocked twice and called, "Master, may I come?"

"Enter." A very familiar voice resounded from the other room, a voice that was chill, and soothing. Felix would have recognized it immediately.

After the door was opened, an identical clone of Carbuncle appeared, sitting at a desk with his head buried into hundreds upon hundreds of holographic screens!

He resembled a small humanoid fluffy hamster with two sets of folded crystal wings on his back and a gemstone engraved on his forehead.

Unlike the lazy stone-head Carbuncle that Felix know about, this one's eyes were large and expressive, gleaming with an age-old wisdom, their gold-flecked irises deep pools of curiosity and mystery.

He resembled a scholar, a teacher, and a strict authoritative figure who didn't accept his commands being rejected or ignored.

"Master, did I catch you in a busy time?" Nebula inquired with an sorry tone.

"When was I never busy?" Carbuncle smiled kindly.

"True." Nebula chuckled for a moment before she uttered with a tone of admiration. "Working as a soul scribe official must be the hardest governmental position in the spirit realm."

"It's alright."

Carbuncle waved his hand and all the screens disappeared, leaving him facing his previous servant.

Even though Nebula became free the moment she turned into a golden spirit, she still called Carbuncle her master and treated him with the same reverence as in her oldest days.

It was expected of her as she wouldn't have reached this stage without his support and care.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"How is it going in the tournament?" Carbuncle asked, "I haven't been paying attention lately."

"Master...You make me participate in it every year and you don't even bother to watch." Nebula sulked.

"Since you desire to join the law enforcer department and climb the ladder in it, you have to make sure that you're ahead of the rest in all areas." Carbuncle stated, "The heavenly plane's tournament is the perfect preparation stage to take on the qualification test."

"I already feel like I am ready to give it a go." Nebula scoffed, "Plus, I have dominated the tournament for ten years, who can claim to be better than me?"

"Don't be so sure..." Carbuncle's eyes showed a sudden sparkle in them. "You will soon understand that there is always a bigger mountain and a bigger monster."

"There you go again, speaking cryptically." Nebula acted annoyed, "Bigger monster? If there is one, it's definitely not in this year's tournament."

"Again, don't be so sure." Carbuncle smiled and refrained from any clarifications.