1440 It's Time To Fulfill Your Promise, Little Felix.

"Master, I know that Soul Scribes can see through the fabrics of dimensions and document almost anything happening in all dimensions, for you to speak like this, means you know something important." Nebula narrowed her eyes in intrigue.

Soul Scribes' entire job was to record every event, law, and decision made in the realm in addition to other realms. Also, they chronicle the lives of spirits, recording their deeds and experiences.

But, this was it.

They could only document stuff and never act on them or tell anyone about them.

Since they answer only to Lord Hades himself, no one would dare to pressure them into giving their information, not even the ethereal elders.

This kind of authority also made them understand the moment a soul scribe attempted to break the rules, he would also answer to Lord Hades for his punishment.

So, not a single soul scribe dared to get out of Lord Hades' favor.

"If you know that, you should also understand that I can't divulge any kind of information." Carbuncle chuckled.

Nebula pouted but didn't press any further. However, she didn't drop the matter completely.

She started to think if there was truly someone capable of turning her world upside down during this competition.

"Traveler is the only unfamiliar face and he hasn't shown anything yet that can be of a threat to me? He even used tricks to avoid fighting Zypher...It can't be him, right?" She pondered out loud.

Carbuncle merely maintained his kind smile and refrained from adding any comment.

"Whatever, we will see what he can do two days from now." Nebula sighed in defeat and gave up on wasting her time on speculations.

"So, what brought you here?" Carbuncle asked, changing the subject.

"Oh, I came to tell you that I want to retire after this year's tournament." Nebula said with a solemn tone, "I don't care how difficult it is to enter the law enforcers department, but I feel like I have prepared enough for it and I want to give it a try."

"I also think that it's about time you give it a try." Carbuncle nodded in approval.

"Really?!"

Nebula's eyes widened in surprise and excitement...She expected a strong rejection and prepared herself to convince her master since he always turned her request down.

"There will be soon an opening for a captain law enforcer position in the capital and it will serve as the best stage to begin your governmental ladder climb." Carbuncle gave a slight nod, "You should understand that this kind of opportunity doesn't happen very often...You should work even harder to prepare for the examination."

"Will do! Don't worry, no one is going to steal that position from me." Nebula assured with a stern voice.

The heavenly plane's government officials were considered the rulers of the realm as every one of them, even the lowest ranked, held much more authority than a golden spirit.

That's because the government was the extension of Lord Hades' body, which meant becoming part of it was the same as being one with Lord Hades.

For one to reach such a stage in his life, he would make sure to not commit even a tiny mistake for fear of getting his position revoked.

This made it extremely difficult for a governmental position to be freed and accessible to other spirits...Don't even mention a great position like a captain law enforcer.

Nebula understood that even other lower-ranked law enforcers would seek this opportunity to secure a promotion.

"When will the examination be held? Why did the captain's position was emptied? Did he make any mis.."

"All you have to do is focus on your competition and when the time comes, you will know everything." Carbuncle interrupted.

"Alright."

Knowing that her master didn't like to repeat himself, Nebula dropped the matter for now even though her excitement was over the roof.

"I will be going now, I have taken enough of your time." Nebula bowed her head respectfully and walked toward the door.

The moment she opened it, Carbuncle opened his mouth and then closed it, seemingly hesitating to say something.

In the end, he watched the door close behind him without saying his piece.

'Don't rush, there is time for everything. You have waited long enough, a bit more won't hurt...' Carbuncle thought to himself as faced the library of documents in his office, holding an unfathomable amount of information.

One of the benefits of being a soul scribe was having the ability to glance at your previous life and document everything that happened in it, giving you direct access to your own 'memories' in a sense.

But, the downside? None of them could act on such information, turning them into mere passive spectators.

They were banned from even reporting those matters to Lord Hades, which was an odd order, but since it came from the lord himself, no one dared to disobey it.

Some soul scribes found it too hard to handle the notion of having this kind of information and yet doing nothing about it.

Fortunately, Lord Hades was understanding and made it possible for all Soul Scribes to give up on their post and return to being normal spirits again after erasing their memories.

Carbuncle had documented his entire life, and his goal to unite again with his wife in the spirit realm became his number one goal the moment he became a Soul Scribe.

But since he couldn't act at all on such information, having his hands tied behind his back, he couldn't fulfill his goal even when he knew exactly the location of his wife inside the spirit realm!

'I have been watching her from afar for thousands of years if not longer...The day I reunite with her is fast approaching, I just need to play my cards right.'

Carbuncle held his hands behind his back in a thoughtful manner, his eyes seemed to penetrate the fabric of reality as he stared at no one but the main key component in his plan.

A sudden ray of light was reflected from his pupils, showing the image of Felix, sitting on the floor of his room in a meditation position.

'It's time to fulfill your promise, little Felix.'

...F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Oblivious to any of this, Felix's brain was working on overdrive, desiring to solve the spacetime frequency resonance problem in those two days.

Felix knew that it would be almost impossible, but he couldn't sit down and not do anything to prepare for the battle.

'I must be either missing something or my theory was false from the start. The latter won't be helpful at the moment, so what can I be missing?' Felix pondered.

This kind of difficulty was expected as Felix had no teacher nor the time to study the subject in a steady manner.

He was like a primogenitor learning about his element for the first time. It took them eons to master their elements and pass on their knowledge, helping the future generation to close the gap in the blink of an eye.

At the moment, Felix had no one to do such and had to investigate it on his own.

'What am I missing? The researchers said that spacetime isn't silent at all, carrying a cacophony of vibrations with textures and timbres as rich and varied as the din of sounds in a tropical rainfor...Wait a second.' Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, 'Why am I still following the teachings of researchers in the living world when I am inside the spirit realm?'

'Nothing here makes any sense as even the time difference between the realm and other dimensions isn't fixed.'

'If I want to come up with a spacetime frequency resonance, I have to find it depending on its relativity to what dimension it exists in and the exact moment of seeking uttered frequency!'

'I might not experience it, but time isn't fixed in the spirit realm, which means its frequency also keeps changing.' Felix frowned, 'In other words, even if I found its frequency resonance right now, it won't be the same when I fight with Nebula.'

Felix wanted to gain control over the chess board and stop Nebula from moving her pieces in it, but now he realized that the board was shifting across the entire room constantly.

If he wanted to stick to his plan, he needed to gain hold of it the instant Nebula attempted to move her pieces!

'This is even harder than I anticipated...I have really chosen the hardest element to investigate on my own.'

Even though Felix uttered this, he still had a creeping cold smile on his face...Unlike others who would despair at the thought, Felix was merely glad that he had found the right path.

As for how challenging it would be to tread on it? He couldn't care less!

"Let's test out the new hypothesis now."

Felix closed his eyes and extended his hand forward. His fingertips gently caressed the air in front of him.

Slowly, the room's vibrations shifted. Felix could feel it, a subtle hum that resonated deep within his very bones.

He adjusted the dials in his mind as he imagined he was holding into a device capable of reducing and increasing frequency.

As he was tuning the frequency of the area around him while keeping in mind that his desired frequency was ever-changing, suddenly, a harmonious note rang out in his mind!

A note so perfect, he felt like it resonated with his soul!

In that ephemeral moment, Felix felt a surge of power like never before.

He glanced at a vase sitting on a shelf across the room and focused intently. Instantly, the vase disappeared, leaving a void where it once stood!

With another thought, Felix shifted its position, and the vase reappeared, now floating mid-air before gently setting it down on his table!

'This is it!'

His eyes widened in realization.

With control over the frequency resonance of spacetime, the very fabric of reality was his to manipulate!!

His mind raced as he imagined the endless possibilities. Teleportation, shifting objects across dimensions, or even erasing them from existence – all of it was within his grasp!

Alas, just as he was about to embrace this newfound omnipotence, a high-pitched note pierced through his mind, almost making him pass out from pain.

'Ugh...'

His concentration was shattered and the room's atmosphere had returned to normal as he was left holding his head with a twisted expression.

'Did the frequency resonance change while I was controlling it?' He guessed as he felt his connection to the spacetime frequency snap all of a sudden.

'I barely was there for two seconds and it has already changed? Does that mean I have to be continuously conscious about its changes during a fight to avoid landing in a completely different frequency and getting backlashed?'