Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1441 Felix Vs Nebula! I

'Having only two days to practice this won't be enough to master the technique and be geared to foresee the frequency change.'

Although Felix understood that it wasn't going to be an easy task, he had no option but to invest what remained of his time in this to get as better as possible.

...

Two days later...Back to the Colosseum.

"You are lucky, you have caught me in a good mood, so I will end this quickly," Nebula uttered with a faint smile as she was staring at Felix from the opposite side of the arena.

She was still reeling in the joy of being able to seek out a position in the government and not even Felix's face was going to ruin her mood.

Felix remained silent, not bothering to acknowledge her taunt. He simply got into a battle position and waited for Mr. Monnar to kick things off.

"Cut him open!"

"Torture the weasel bastard!"

"Sh*t, I can't even recoup what I lost yesterday by betting against this f*cker today."

Meanwhile, the audience was already not in favor of Felix due to Nebula having the home advantage.

The stunt he put on yesterday made their dislike on a personal level, causing the majority to rain on him with curses and insults.

Since this was Nebula, the majority betted on her even when the odds were so bad, the profits wouldn't reach one thousand Lumus after putting an entire one hundred thousand on her.

That's how dominating she was in the heavenly plane's tournament and the betting dens had more than 120% confidence in her winning this tournament as well.

On the other hand, the odds on Felix would make anyone strike rich even if they bet low...But no one was stupid enough to do that as it was the same as handing out their precious money to the dens willingly.

But, there was someone who was foolish enough to put their trust in him.

"Go! Darling! Make me rich!"

Miss Sanae yelled with one hand near her mouth and the other waving a cheering finger tool, making Karra and Sekiro lower their heads uncomfortably.

It was understandable as everyone near them was giving mocking looks at Miss Sanae.

Miss Sanae wasn't really that stupid as she was certain that Felix wasn't going to overcome Nebula...But after her massive earnings from the last fight, she decided to squander a small portion to support him.

"Are you ready?" Mr. Monnar ignored the noise and eyed the two combatants.

The moment he saw them nodding their heads, he lowered his hand at once and bellowed, "FIGHT!"

Without hesitation, Nebula initiated the fight, her hands glowing with a mystical blue light as she activated time prison again!

The ground beneath Felix shimmered, and a transparent cage started to form around him, threatening to trap him.

Whoosh!!

But Felix was prepared.

Flames erupted from the palms of his hands and soles of his feet, propelling him skyward with astonishing speed!

The arena's vast expanse became his domain as he elegantly dodged the boundaries of the time prison, leaving it to collapse on the spot where he once stood!

"Tsk."

Nebula clicked her tongue in irritation at the sight of Felix flying around the arena nonstop akin to a mosquito.

'Speed is the only solution against her time-slowing abilities.'

Felix narrowed his eyes in focus while flying around his target, knowing that he had to be ready for any sudden ability activation.

He was certain that as long as he maintained such a high speed, he wouldn't be caught in her time-based abilities since she had no power to slow the time in the entire arena.

Though, there was one downside to this strategy...Fuel consumption!

'I have to end this fight as quickly as possible.'

Felix switched to offense after noticing that Nebula was chilling on the ground, waiting to exhaust himself.

Whoosh!

The moment Felix reached the apex of his ascent, he increased his acceleration into the ground, resembling a flying missile in the direction of Nebula!

When he built enough momentum, he made a drastic stop in midair, causing a powerful amount of friction and vibration to be created!

Felix absorbed the vibrations and added even more from within him before he brought his hands further apart and then he clapped!

RUMMMMBLE!!!Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The single clap generated a devastating soundwave that shot downwards towards Nebula, roaring, growing louder and more intense, causing most of the viewers to feel shivers from its power!

Yet, Nebula wasn't fazed even a little.

"Temporal Deacceleratiion shield." She uttered calmly, conjuring a shimmering barrier a few meters in front of her, which decelerated the incoming soundwaves the instant it traveled through it.

The deafening roar transformed into a faint hum, barely audible by the time it reached her.

"She is just invincible with this kind of overpowered defense..." Ravager commentated with a troubled expression. "Even if she doesn't assault anyone, no one can touch her with her ability to decelerate time."

This was everyone's reaction as they had witnessed Nebula ruining new and old fighters for the past ten years without anyone being able to lay a single scratch on her!

It became the norm, the spectators didn't even seem shocked or astounded.

"My turn."

With intensity in her eyes, Nebula took advantage of Felix's closeness and conjured a spatial blade – a sword seemingly made of starlight and shadows.

"Temporal Acceleration!"

Channeling her temporal acceleration powers into it, the blade became a streak of luminosity, moving five times faster than the eye could follow, aiming straight for Felix's heart!!!

'It's now or never.'

Even when Felix sensed the imminent danger, he didn't attempt to avoid the blade but tried to draw upon the spacetime frequency resonance he had harnessed in his training.

Just as he began to seek out the frequency, his senses tingled that time wasn't to his advantage and that the blade was approaching too quickly!

'Damn it.'

Realizing he couldn't pull it off in time, he made a split-

second decision to save his skin.

Whoosh!!

Using the fiery jets from his hands and feet, he performed a rapid aerial maneuver, narrowly evading the blade's deadly arc.

'It's best to put off some distance and focus on the frequency.'

With a determined glint in his eyes, Felix immediately started to distance himself from Nebula, seeking the crucial few seconds he needed to connect with the spacetime frequency.

He didn't do this from the start because he knew that establishing the link might be difficult under an unstable environment, but maintaining it was the more problematic part.

If he established it while he had a long distance between him and his target, by the time he close the distance and attempt to assault her, the frequency might change and put him in a worse spot.

Still, this was the only method left as he couldn't penetrate her temporal deacceleration shield with his abilities.

Unfortunately, Nebula didn't seem like she had any more plans to just wait for him to exhaust his energy naturally.

With a flick of her wrist, a barrage of spatial blades materialized, zooming through the air with lethal intent through temporal acceleration!

Like shimmering streaks of light, they twisted and turned, predicting Felix's evasive maneuvers.

Felix used the fire jets on his palms and feet to boost his speed, darting rapidly in every direction.

The air around him hissed and crackled with the intensity of his movements. But every time he tried to focus, to find that elusive spacetime frequency, a blade would whizz dangerously close, breaking his concentration!

The colosseum echoed with the sounds of near-misses. Each blade that missed Felix embedded itself into the ground or walls, leaving a clear reminder of the danger they posed!

Desperation began to creep into Felix's movements as he realized that he couldn't keep this up forever.

The sheer number of blades, combined with Nebula's impeccable aim, made it a herculean task to evade and concentrate at the same time!

Nebula smirked, sensing Felix's rising panic.

"You can't run forever, dear Traveler!" She taunted, launching an even more ferocious barrage of blades.

When it came to fuel, she obviously had much more than Felix.

While he had invested close to half a million Lumus on his spiritual prowess, she had invested millions until there was barely any noticeable enhancement after devouring hundreds of spiritual treasures.

But Felix, despite the dire circumstances, was nothing if not resilient. He knew he had to change his strategy. Instead of seeking a long moment of peace, he would have to find the frequency in short bursts and stitch together fractions of a second between evasions.

With each dodge, he tried to focus, reaching out to the vibrations of spacetime, trying to access its rhythm.

It was maddeningly difficult, like trying to catch a specific raindrop in a storm.

As another blade skimmed past him, Felix felt a brief connection, a short pulse of the spacetime frequency!

It was not enough to grant him full control, but it was a start. He just needed a few more moments, a few more connections...

Alas, just as the link was about to click like two puzzle pieces connecting together, Felix felt a sudden powerful pressure applying on his entire body, causing his speed to be slowed down drastically!

When he turned behind him, his heart skipped a beat at the sight of Nebula flying in his direction with an extended arm and a cold smile.

"If I can't catch you with my time abilities, telekinesis will do just fine."