Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1443 The Dread of Spacetime Frequency!

Felix merely wanted to finish the battle quickly before the spacetime frequency changed and leave him defenseless.

So, he went all out in his punch while empowering it with the spacetime frequency, desiring to vanquish Nebula in one strike.

This result was way out of his prediction.

"Nebula?"

Felix glanced below him amidst the rubble and found a small golden floating spirit flame...The spirit flame didn't respond, but Felix was certain it was Nebula as this was the state all spirits take when their physical bodies get utterly obliterated.

When the viewers saw Nebula's form, whether it was the fighters, the sponsors, or even the commoners, all of them felt a sudden shiver course down their spine.

Some of them glanced at the ruined part of the Colosseum and their terror was enhanced two folds.

Almost all the viewers caught in the aftermath were turned into spirit flames as well, hovering above the ruins, awaiting for the spirit collectors to pick them up and take them to the hospital for 'rebirth'.

Rebirth was a simple process of assisting the spirit to regain its strength much faster than normal, allowing it to return to its natural form.

Usually, it would take a couple of months, but with the assistance of the 'hospital staff', the period would be reduced to a few weeks at best.

"He...He actually deleted her..." Ravager's mouth was left wide open in utter shock as his mind was still failing to process the situation.

"What...Kind of monster is this?" Zypher gulped a mouthful in fear.

He was watching the battle in the stands, desiring to see Felix get humiliated by Nebula as an act of revenge...Alas, this scene made him feel somewhat relieved that their fight ended up in that manner.

Meanwhile, Mr. Monnar had seen a lot of crazy stuff happening in each heavenly plane's tournament, but nothing came close to this.

He kept switching his focus between Felix, Nebula, and the obliterated half of the Colosseum, having no idea if he should declare the winner or deal with the innocent viewers caught in the fight.

In the end, he decided to follow the protocol.

"La..Ladies and Gentlemen - Cough, Cough, please give a round of applause to your winner, The Traveler."

Not a single noise was made...Everyone was still pretty shaken to even comprehend the ending of the fight to start cheering.

Even without being shocked, not many would cheer for Felix as he had just eliminated their undefeated goddess after a decade of win streak!

"This little...Is he trying to get himself in trouble? Why so high profile?!"

Elder Kraken was also not too pleased with Felix's assault as he knew that the news might reach Lord Hades if he bothered to know.

While Felix hadn't used anything associated with his previous life, it would still rise suspicion if he was starting to blow up the heavenly plane in merely six months of being in it.

'This is not good.'

Felix also felt the same distress as he took off towards the hotel without even waiting for his servants and master.

He knew if he remained, he would be rained down with questions and he had no interest in answering something he was also ignorant about.

Sekiro, Miss Sanae, and Karra chased after him immediately.

When they caught up to him, Karra was the first to speak with stars glittering in her eyes.

"Master, that was so cool!"

"Cool, I agree? But, he is in deep trouble as he has just murdered thousands of spirits at once." Sekiro scolded, "What were you thinking?"Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"You should not have done that."

Even Miss Sanae wasn't in the mood to be playful, knowing the repercussions would be catastrophic for Felix.

"You guys speak like I planned on erasing half of the Colosseum." Felix's eyelids twitched in irritation.

"Whether you planned it or not, it did happen." Miss Sanae uttered with a solemn tone, "Fortunately, this occurred during an official fight and the government will take most of the blame due to the barrier failing to protect the audience."

"Let's hope so." Sekiro sighed.

Even though Felix had defeated Nebula, none of them were in the mood to celebrate when there was a judgment sword above Felix's head.

The barrier never broke or even cracked no matter how much damage it experienced as it was geared to block even a captain law enforcer's attacks.

For Felix to shatter it with one punch, was more than extraordinary, it was on the level of a miracle and this kind of news could even surpass Nebula's defeat!

It was that serious of a matter.

...

Meanwhile, in one of the biggest palaces in the heavenly plane...

"This pot stirrer, is he trying to get himself kicked from the plane?!" Asna could be seen biting her nails nervously while walking around her bedroom.

She was wearing a red night robe that matched well with her bewitching crimson hair and star-like amber eyes.

Even when she was upset, her beauty was as angelic as ever.

"I can't even reach out to Hades to help him out in case he got taken to the court...Ahhhh, so annoying! Didn't his personality change, why is still causing trouble?"

Asna wasn't able to spy on Felix 24/7 since only Lord Hades and the Soul Scribes had such a privilege.

So, the only times she saw him were in those public settings through streams. With each appearance, she started to doubt if Felix regained his memories or not as his battle style was too similar to his previous life.

For Asna who grew up with Felix from his weakest to his strongest form, she could easily detect the similarities.

But, Felix's different personality made her question if her eyes were fooling her before.

Now? She was more certain than ever about Felix at least possessing a portion of his memories since no one in the spirit realm could reach this level of understanding of the vibration element in less than six months besides him!

"It must be elder Kraken's doing, but, if Felix possessed some of his memories, does that mean he remembers me?"

Just as a sparkle of hope appeared in the depth of Asna's eyes, she quenched it immediately.

"Whether he remembers me or not, I can't be weak and falter to emotions...Felix has no business with our celestial matters and it must stay like this for his safety...I can't afford to have him killed because of me again...I can't."

As much as this pained Asna deep down, she knew that it was the best decision. It was quite selfish since she didn't take Felix's opinion into consideration, but knowing him, she understood that he would never accept it.

Against those beings, stubbornness, and guts meant absolutely nothing...

"For now, I can only hope this situation doesn't develop to a trial." Asna sighed helplessly and sat on the bed.

She understood that only Lord Hades could save Felix if he was convicted of mass slaughter. He had already done her a great favor by keeping her in his realm, protecting her from the clutches of those beings.

So, he would not bother himself with mortal matters related to Felix whether he gets kicked out or not.

...

Sometime later...

"He is sure as aggressive as always..." Carbuncle showed a forced smile as he eyed the spirit flame of Nebula floating inside an illuminating glass jar within his bedroom.

Since he was considered her guardian, he was able to take care back to his house and care for her until her form gets restored.

"But, this is better than I expected. This humbling experience is going to teach her a must lesson and will help her greatly in the upcoming examination."

Carbuncle didn't seem too worried about Felix after causing such a massive scene. When someone possesses his kind of knowledge, he could pretty much predict what would happen next.

In Felix's case, he was certain that nothing bad was going to occur to him.

...

Back in the hotel...Felix had locked himself in his room without anyone near him, focusing completely on understanding how that punch delivered such a devastating attack.

It didn't take him long before he managed to come up with the best theory.

He realized that when an object or force resonates with the same frequency as another system, it could transfer energy to that system very efficiently.

Think of it like a singer breaking a wine glass with their voice; when they hit the right note (frequency), the energy from their voice transfers to the glass causing it to shatter.

So, when Felix threw that punch, he wasn't just using his physical strength.

He was channeling the energy of spacetime's frequency through his fist, causing it to resonate with the immediate vicinity of spacetime around him.

The punch, although not physically touching anything, was a concentrated point where spacetime's inherent frequency was amplified exponentially!!

This amplification caused a feedback loop.

As Felix introduced an amplified frequency into the fabric of spacetime, it responded by oscillating violently, much like how water reacts when a stone is thrown into a calm pond.

These oscillations, or ripples, caused the "shattering" effect observed...But given the vast power and scope of spacetime, these weren't just minor disturbances; they were cataclysmic waves of energy that tore apart everything in their path!!

'How terrifying, this is merely the most simplistic and barbaric way of controlling the spacetime frequency. If I mastered it completely, I can redefine reality as I understand it.' Felix thought to himself as he glanced at his fist.