1446 Speak To Yourself.

A couple of hours later...

The entertainment department in the government responsible for the heavenly plane's tournament had made a wide public announcement, detailing Felix's withdrawal from the tournament.

Everyone celebrated the news at the start, believing that Felix must have been punished by the law enforcers over his mass slaughter.

Alas, when details of his innocent came out and the real reason for his retreat was his fear of bringing even more destruction, everyone was left at a loss for words.

"It can't be! The Traveler will never drop out because of such a lame reason!"

Ravager was the first to figure out something fishy about the situation...He fought and watched him fight others, making him pretty understanding of his cold and ruthless nature.

"He must have been offered something to withdraw." Goliath approved.

Both of them were hanging out in the cafe, waiting for the reconstruction of the Colosseum to be concluded.

"But, what's more valuable than the championship? It's one of the highest honors in the entire heavenly plane for non-governmental spirits." Ravager frowned.

"Why does it matter, two monsters have gotten eliminated from the tournament. This is the best chance to seize the championship before they return next year and make our efforts obsolete." Goliath spoke with a hint of envy, "I have already been eliminated, but you are still in it. If I were you, I wouldn't focus on anything but on myself."

'He is right, why am I thinking about the whys?' Ravager tightened his fists. 'This is a god-sent opportunity to clutch the championship and save my sister from that despicable scum. I should be thanking the Traveler.'

While Ravager's pride made it hard for him to accept becoming a champion through this method, his sister's situation made him swallow his pride and give it his all.

"I am heading back to my room." Ravager stood up immediately and took off, not bothering to even pay for the drinks.

"I will cheer for you, bring the trophy home!"

Goliath yelled from a distance, not caring about the displeased looks he was receiving from the pedestrians.

Ravager wasn't the only one with a fire lit up in his chest after hearing the news.

Evergreen and the remaining fighters had all thrown themselves back to training, wanting to take advantage of those few rest days to get even stronger.

Their sponsors realized what kind of opportunity this was and sought them out with spiritual treasures worth hundreds of thousands of Lumus, wanting their companies' names to be etched in history.

Mr. Aticus reached out to Ravager to do the same and he didn't refuse him. He wasn't foolish to reject his support at this crucial moment.

Meanwhile, Felix had completely removed anything related to the tournament from his mind and was seen preparing to depart back to the capital.

'My money will arrive at the capital, so there is no need to linger here anymore.'

However, just as he reached the door, his crystal device started vibrating.

When he glanced at the screen and saw that it was a red-

colored message, he raised an eyebrow in confusion.

Red messages or emails meant being sent by a governmental official and one had to address them.

'Is it elder? Or Captain Giovanni? Hmm?'

Felix thought it came from those two, but when he clicked on it, he was left surprised by the unfamiliar name.

'Soul Scribe Carrani? Who's that?'

"A problem?" Miss Sanae asked after seeing his expression change constantly.

"I received an invitation from a soul scribe called Carrani, do you know him?" He inquired.

"Know him? Who doesn't? He is Nebula's master." Sekiro interjected.

"Master...Is he inviting you to scold you for what you did to her?" Karra asked, concerned.

Felix shrugged his shoulders silently, indicating his ignorance about the matter as well.

"I will be back soon."

Knowing that he couldn't reject the invitation, Felix took off on top of the double-headed lion in the direction of the marked location.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

'Soul scribes are extremely dangerous for me.' Felix narrowed his eyes, a bit of worry was hidden there, 'They are the only ones who should know everything about me if they had their eyes on me.'

While Felix understood that soul scribes couldn't divulge any information from their documents, it was still not a good feeling to know that his biggest secret could be at the hands of other strangers.

While it wasn't comfortable, there was nothing he could do about it.

...

In a few moments, Felix reached the noble northern side of the city where palaces and mansions stretched for as long as their eyes could see.

He was stopped at the gate due to his color being red, but after showing the invitation to the guards, he was allowed entry without his beast.

Felix left it behind and continued on the flight until he arrived at a magnificent but simplistic mansion that was nestled amidst verdant gardens.

"Please get in." A male servant with a pointy single horn on his forehead welcomed Felix at the gate.

Felix went inside and the male servant guided him silently to his master's room. After a few turns and twists, they reached the door and the servant left him alone.

Before Felix could knock on the door, a soft familiar voice resounded from the inside, causing a string of Felix's frozen heart to get tugged.

"Please come in, little one."

Felix pushed the door slowly and when his vision wasn't hindered anymore, meeting directly with Carbuncle who was sitting at his desk, he was left completely stunned and frozen in his place.

"Elder Carbuncle..." He muttered uncontrollably under his breath, having no clue how to react to this situation.

"Haha, I must have been the last one you expected to meet." Carbuncle chuckled as he walked up to Felix.

Before he could react, he gave him a big warm hug while whispering in his ears, "It must have been tough being all alone here..."

"It was alright."

While the hug was warm enough to reminisce on the good times with the stoned Carbuncle in his consciousness space, Felix's emotions were still as unreactive as ever.

Carbuncle didn't seem to mind it as he knew about the change in his personality...He let go of him and requested that he sit down with him.

After they were seated, Carbuncle informed. "I know that you have plenty of questions, but you should take into consideration my identity and understand that I can't divulge anything, even to you."

"I understand." Felix nodded.

Just the fact of them being familiar with each even though they weren't supposed to have met at all in the spirit realm was suspicious enough.

If Carbuncle dared to break the rules and expose any more information directly, it wouldn't end well for any of them.

"How is Nebula doing? I apologize for what happened to her, I really had no idea that my punch was going to leave her in such a state." Felix smiled forcefully. "If I knew she was under you, I wouldn't have gone so hard."

"It's okay, you did me a favor by teaching her a lesson." Carbuncle waved his hand casually.

"I see..."

Felix nodded and remained silent, having no idea how to strike up a conversation with someone incapable of answering anything.

He wanted to ask him about his wife, his life here, how much he knows about their previous life, and whether he knows if his grandfather, friends, and parents were registered in the heavenly plane's data center.

But all of those questions were too sensitive.

"I might not be able to give you any information, but there is nothing stopping me from hearing you talk to yourself," Carbuncle uttered with a hidden glint in his eyes.

"Indeed."

Understanding what he implied, Felix couldn't help but show an emotionless cunning smile.

Carbuncle was forbidden from sharing information, but he wasn't banned from showing a reaction to a conversation!

"Is my name Felix?" Felix started easy to set the rules.

Carbuncle smiled and didn't answer, letting Felix understand that each time he smiled it meant agreement, and if he didn't, it hinted rejection!