Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1447 The Reunion Mission.

"Is this method safe? Won't it cause trouble for you?"

Felix somewhat feared that such a trick might not be perfect and it would still throw Carbuncle in deep trouble.

After all, if it was this simple to get information from soul scribes without consequences, he believed anyone would do it.

Carbuncle didn't smile this time, making Felix understand that his concerns were unwinded.

'The only way to get in trouble from this is if Lord Hades was watching us now. If he had such an interest in us, we would be in trouble long ago.' Carbuncle spoke in his mind.

While Felix didn't receive any clarification, he trusted Carbuncle's judgment and committed to the conversation.

"Do you have your soul linked with your wisp of consciousness in the living world?"

Carbuncle didn't smile.

"Why so? Is it banned or impossible for soul scribes?"

Still no reaction.

"So, it can be done..." Felix raised an eyebrow before asking, "Don't tell me you can't pull it off?"

Carbuncle smiled this time.

"But, how? Elder Kraken did it twice now."

Since the question wasn't direct, Carbuncle couldn't answer. He didn't need to as Felix realized the crux of the problem right away.

"I forgot...Elder Kraken was considered one of the best soul utilizers in the universe. Lady Sphinx did say it's extremely impressive for him to link his main with a wisp even through the spirit realm."

Felix recalled that his masters' reaction to the news wasn't normal, making him understand that not any primogenitor could pull it off even if they had their memories intact.

As she said, establishing a soul link through the spirit realm had the same difficulty as doing it with a soul from a universe in a different timeline.

"Fortunately, you became a soul scribe, which helped with your memories."Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Felix wanted to ask him about how he became a soul scribe, but he knew that it wasn't going to be a very productive chain of questioning.

So, he skipped right to the important subjects.

"I don't know why you became a soul scribe, but I have a feeling that it's mostly connected to your wife. Am I right?"

Carbuncle smiled.

"You must have also gotten your memories erased when you died, so for your heart to still long for your wife and get guided by it to reunite with her, is truly miraculous."

Felix had no idea if this was exactly how it happened or if fate gave him a massive favor. Whatever it was, Carbuncle's goal of reuniting with his wife hadn't died out even after his death.

"The moment I accessed the heavenly plane, your situation was always in my mind." Felix shared, "I planned to locate you and your wife after I become a governmental official as it will be much easier with that kind of authority."

Carbuncle smiled, but this time it was out of appreciation and gratitude as he could see that Felix was being real.

"So, with your kind of access, I believe you must have already located your wife." Felix jumped to the serious stuff, "But, since you can't act on such information, you must have called me to assist you in making it happen."

Carbuncle smiled in agreement.

"Just tell me what I have to do." Felix said with a solemn tone.

Carbuncle manifested a map of the heavenly plane for a moment before removing it.

Understanding what he wanted, Felix brought out his own holographic map and expanded it to showcase all the cities across the entire realm.

"Let's start with this."

He pointed his finger at the northern lights city and Carbuncle didn't react. Felix was a bit surprised by this as he expected Carbuncle to reside in the city of his wife to stay close to her.

Still, he moved on to the second-best option...The capital.

This time, Carbuncle smiled.

"Good, she is nearby, let's see what district is she in now." Felix zoomed in on the capital and placed his finger on the four districts until Carbuncle locked on the northern district.

This made Felix furrowed his eyebrows immediately.

"Is she a governmental official?" He asked, understanding that the higher her authority was, the more difficult it would be to bring her to their side.

Carbuncle showed on reaction.

"Is she a servant of an official?"

Carbuncle smiled.

"A bit complicated, but manageable." Felix nodded.

Then, he continued on his search by pointing at each mansion and palace in the northern district for the next ten minutes.

Only after he reached the ninetieth mansion did Carbuncle finally break into a smile.

"With my current access to the database, I can not find out about the identity of the mansion's owner." Felix disclosed with a deep frown, "In addition, I can't enter there without being either a golden spirit or receiving an invitation."

It would have been much easier if all the governmental officials' names were known, but the majority kept their identities hidden from the public unless it was necessary.

So, he couldn't show him all of their names and make him pick one. Still, he wasn't planning to give up.

"Is he a law enforcer?"

No reaction.

"Is he a soul scribe?"

No reaction.

"Is he part of the jurisdiction system?"

No reaction.

"Is he a Spectral Warden?"

Carbuncle smiled.

"That's a bit troublesome."

Felix knew that spectral Wardens enjoyed quite a pressuring authority as there were only seven of them in each city.

Each Warden's job was to report directly to the Ethereal Council on the woes and issues arising on each demographic color they were responsible for.

Their duties were to serve as looking for their respectful group's interest and lobbying to get more power for them from other colors.

In a sense, they were like parlimen but for colors.

Felix started listing the colors one by one until Carbuncle chose dark.

"Dark spirits representative Warden."

Felix entered the network and searched for him. Since those wardens held the interests of certain groups in each city, it was impossible for them to hide their identities.

So, it didn't take him long before he found the name and pictures of Carbuncle's wife master.

"Sharky Merton, a respectable warden who is loved by the majority of the low-status spirits due to his care and fighting spirit when it came to their interest. He has gotten the daily homeless penalty reduced by 20% in the past decade and also fought greatly to ensure that low-

statue spirits would have better exposure to new masters in other cities, in hopes of avoiding getting kicked out from the plane."

Felix read a short article about the warden as he scrolled through his pictures. As his name suggests, he resembled a shark greatly, standing tall with a deep purple, sleek skin, reminiscent of the vast oceans from which he might have hailed in his previous life.

Prominent gills adorn both sides of his chiseled cheeks, flaring slightly with every breath...His eyes, intense and focused, contrast with the chilling display of razor-sharp teeth, which seem to gleam ominously even in dim light.

Despite his fearsome appearance, he always had a gentle smile in those pictures whether he was alone or with others.

"He sounds like a decent offi..."

Before Felix could finish his comment, he noticed a sudden wave of hatred and anger released from Carbuncle.

Without uttering a single word, the air around him grew heavy, almost suffocating, as a palpable aura of hostility emanated from him.

"What did he do?" Felix inquired with a solemn tone, realizing that this mission wasn't going to be a smooth one at all.

Carbuncle shook his head, but he couldn't hide the pain and sadness in his eyes.

Felix's expression turned for the worse at the thought of warden Sharky abusing Carbuncle's wife.

The worst part? Carbuncle must have watched this happen every time without the ability to save her...Felix couldn't imagine what would happen to him if he was in his spot.

"Boy, it's much worse than that..." Carbuncle finally verbally communicated back, his voice seemed to almost crack from emotion.

Alas, he couldn't say any more than this and while it bothered Felix a lot, he didn't press any further.

"For now, all you have to do is become a golden spirit. You should do it fast as there will be a massive opportunity heading your way." Carbuncle stressed, "An opportunity that will benefit both of us."

"I understand." Felix nodded.

Felix realized that it would be a governmental post or something related to it as there were no other more important opportunities than getting into the big club.

Carbuncle wanted to tell him that it would be the captain's post, but it would be contemplated a breach.

He told Nebula because she was his ex-servant and still enjoyed many privileges of being under him, but Felix was a total stranger.

"Elder, you don't have to worry, no matter how difficult or dangerous the situation is going to be, I promise you that you will be reunited with your wife." Felix assured with a cold tone, "Regardless of what it takes."