1450 A Masterclass Move Without a Single Negative!

"What do you know? How do you know?" Miss Sanae frowned, not expecting such a reaction from Felix.

"I know everything as I have chased you down and eavesdropped on your conversation with Alves," Felix confessed without giving out the details.

"Will you look at that? My own servant spying on me?" Miss Sanae's lips twitched.

Knowing that Felix had his own mysterious ways in his investigations, Miss Sanae didn't pressure him to give her the details either.

"I felt something off about you and decided to follow you." Felix narrowed his eyes, "My intuition proved to be helpful as I didn't think you would be dumb enough to not fill me in on the situation right away."

"Who are you calling dumb?" Miss Sanae gave him an irritated look, "You think I like this situation? The evidence against me is pretty damning and telling you about this will merely make you want to leave the office to save me."

While the time they spent together wasn't a lot, Miss Sanae came to an understanding about Felix's personality...He was cold, ruthless, calculative, and somewhat assholish, but he was loyal to the core.

The fact he hadn't given up on Karra after everything happened to him because of her was enough proof.

"What's the problem with that?" Felix said calmly.

"As your master, I hold a responsibility to you." Miss Sanae anwsered calmly, "Plus, the evidence is on me and I refuse to let anyone close pay for my own faults."

"So, drop the matter and promise me that you will take care of Little Timmy."

In Miss Sanae's eyes, loyalty meant the world to her and she had implied it to Felix when she told him about her previous servants.

All of them ditched her for higher pay or better chances when the opportunity presented itself. While she had the option to force them to stay with her, she voided their contract and sent them on their merry ways.

In her own words, it was much better to be servantless than to have disloyal ones who couldn't be trusted with anything.

"I appreciate your decision, but you are still an idiot." Felix shook his head, "This situation is easily solvable with none of us getting affected negatively, in fact, if we played our cards right, we can get something from it."

"Hmm? What do you have in mind?" Miss Sanae leaned closer, her eyes glittering with interest.

She was still selfish and greedy at the core, so if there was even a slight chance of both of them surviving this, she wouldn't hesitate to save herself as well.

"It's simple, we will give him exactly what he wanted, but for a price." Felix smiled coldly.

...

Back in the Red Fangs Organization headquarters, Boss Alves was seen sitting at his desk, his finger tapping the table while his right leg kept going up and down.

"Evening is around the corner, is she really going to choose jail over a mere servant she met in less than a year?" Boss Alves was getting nervous.

"I refuse to belie..."

Ring Ring!

Before he could finish his sentence, his device rang twice. When he glanced at the caller, a wide smirk couldn't help but show on his face.

"As expected." He picked up the call and asked, "Have you made up y..."

"I want two hundred thousand Lumus from you to guarantee your involvement in this transaction." Miss Sanae interrupted with a cold tone, "So if you dare use any other source to blackmail me again, you will be going down with me."

"I ain't going to do that." Boss Alves replied, "You think I am stup..."

"Then, no deal." Miss Sanae sneered, "Come at me with all you got, all I know is that you will dragged with me into the case whether you like it or not. Also, I will make sure to involve the dog above you giving commands."

After saying this, Miss Sanae hung up the phone, leaving Boss Alves staring at his device speechlessly.

"This b*tch...She is for real." Boss Alves knew that Miss Sanae was crazy enough to do what she said.

She wasn't being claimed lunatic by most people without any reason.

Boss Alves understood that he would be in much more serious trouble if this situation ended up backfiring on the duke.

After all, bringing the law enforcers' noses close to them and their Fallen Specters operation wasn't the smartest move in the book.

"Two hundred thousand, this b*tch sure knows how to rob people." Boss Alves gritted his teeth as he called her back again.

"I will do it for one..."

Clung!

"WH*RE!" Boss Alves almost broke his device from anger after she hung up again, making him feel like he was the one being blackmailed.

Not wanting to invest too much emotion into this, he calmed himself and called again. This time, he didn't try to negotiate the price.

"I will hand you the amount, just come down and sign the damn contract."Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"On my way."

After the call was over, Boss Alves slumped on his chair with an exhausted expression.

'This problem has most close to four hundred Lumus out of my own pockets. Working under that devil is really a curse.' Boss Alves could only sigh in defeat at the thought of being linked with Duke Humphery forever.

'At least, we got the issue resolved on my part.'

Boss Alves was tasked to get rid of Karra, but his authority was extremely limited and this was all he could do to facilitate the process. If it still didn't work, it wouldn't be on him.

...

Meanwhile in Miss Sanae's office...

"Is it done?"

"Yes, he has agreed to the deal." Miss Sanae grinned, "I will go shortly to sign the contract."

"Good." Felix nodded.

Miss Sanae's grin soon was replaced with a disheartened look. She reached out to Felix and gave him a short hug, making his eyelids twitch in annoyance.

"Why so dramatic? We will stay in touch, just not as a master/servant." Felix complained, getting out of her clutches.

"I am sad because I will be losing my golden goose so soon...We have yet to solve even ten cases together." Miss Sanae said, her statement might be playful, but she truly felt depressed by how things turned out.

"It's better this way, I had to become a golden spirit as fast as possible. Also, we will still be working on the fallen spectral case together." Felix said coldly, "With this many assaults on my freedom, I am starting to get irritated."

"It's good that you feel that way." Miss Sanae shared the same cold attitude, "I ain't planning to drop it either, now more than never."

Felix and Miss Sanae looked at each other for a moment before they both reached out to their contracts and mutually voided them, breaking apart their master/

servant relationship amicably.

"We will be gone by the time you return." Felix uttered calmly, "Don't forget to bring me my share of the deal, you have my new address."

"I still can't believe you will be living there." Miss Sanae uttered with an jealous tone, "You sure have too many secrets."

"You will understand everything when the right time comes. For now, don't keep that bastard waiting."

"Alright, I am leaving."

Without wasting any more time, she took off toward the Red Fang headquarters to sign the agreement that would ensure neither party went back on its word.

Felix closed the door behind him and brought out a small pouch from his pocket. Then, he turned it upside down and emptied all of its contents on the office's floor.

One would expect a few pebbles to fall down, but a flood of illuminating bright crystals flooded the ground until a small mountain was created!

Then, Felix returned the pouch back to his pocket.

This was a spatial pouch that resembled a spatial card in the living world and it was used as a portal inventory for the spirits...Obviously, not many people could afford it or even have access to purchase it.

If it wasn't for the government sending Lumus inside of it and telling Felix to keep it, he wouldn't be able to buy it unless he became a golden spirit first.

"Let's start."

With a deep breath, Felix carefully brought one of the golden crystals close to his skin. Instantaneously, an ethereal dance began.

The crystal's light started to wane as if being sucked into his very pores. The air around him crackled with energy, the room's ambiance shifting with palpable tension.

Felix's naturally intense red aura, which always simmered just below the surface of his skin, began to change. It flared brighter and more ferociously, reacting to the absorbed light.

As more crystals were brought closer, their glow was drawn out, absorbed into the tempestuous energy storm brewing around Felix.

His red light, so fierce and passionate, began to shift. It went through shades of orange and amber, growing in luminance, until it transformed into a brilliant shade of gold!

The entire chamber bathed in the rich, golden light emanating from him, making everything gleam with an otherworldly sheen.

For a moment, Felix looked transcendent, a being of pure, golden energy, before the glow began to settle, and he was left standing in the center of the room, the illuminating crystals now dull and devoid of their prior glow.

But, he was releasing a dignified golden hue befitting of his true noble identity.

The moment Felix opened his eyes, he reached for his device and called none other than Elder Kraken.

After a few rings, the call was picked up and a hearty laughter came from the other side.

"I guess you became a golden spirit?"

"Yes, just now."

"Bring your ass to my mansion before you start another trouble. Your room has been prepared." Elder Kraken invited.

"On my way."

Felix smirked coldly, imagining the look on Boss Alves' face when he realized that he wasn't going to spend even a minute on the streets!

After all, in his eyes, Felix needed more than a million to become a golden spirit and he had no clue about Felix's deal with the government.

In fact, his intervention had helped Felix get one hundred thousand bonus Lumus, a free escape from Miss Sanae's agreement obligations, and most importantly, access to Elder Kraken's riches and network at last without worrying about Lord Hades!

From now on, Felix would be staying in his mansion on the northern side of the city with Karra and Sekiro, and not even Duke Humphery could do anything about it!