Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1451 Return To The Promised Land.

Sometime later...

Beneath the rippling surface of a vast artificial lake in the northern district, an ancient mansion lay hidden from the world above.

Its grandeur spoke of bygone eras, with ornate carvings gracing its stone walls and aged statues standing sentinel at every corner.

Lush aquatic plants clung to its surface, adding a touch of nature to its grand design. Light refracted through the water, casting shimmering patterns across its facade, making it seem like the mansion was alive and breathing.

Felix and his party were seen standing at its grand entrance, a massive gate decorated with intricate marine motifs stood ajar.

"It's beautiful..." Karra remarked as she gazed around her with an awed look.

"As expected, only ethereal elders were deserving of this greatness." Sekiro commentated, sharing the same reaction as Karra.

Ka-thumb!

Just like it sensed their existence, the gate opened widely, presenting them with a long tube-like glass corridor, showing myriads of aquatic creatures swimming around.

"Let's go."

Felix walked in and was followed by his servants, whose eyes never stopped darting everywhere.

"Welcome to my humble abode."

Suddenly, a hearty laughter resounded from the end of the corridor and when Karra and Sekiro saw its source, their legs almost gave in from shock.

Elder Kraken came personally to greet them.

"Much appreciated over the invitation." Felix nodded politely even if his face didn't display it.

Somewhat nervous, Sekiro and Karra did the same without opening their mouths, not daring to be out of line in front of one of the highest authoritative beings in the spirit realm.

"Let me give you a short tour and show you your rooms." Elder Kraken said, walking in front of them.

'I knew that sir has a deep connection with the elder, but it seems much more intimate than I expected it.' Sekiro's heart turned a bit light, 'Are we finally going to stay away from trouble?'

Sekiro couldn't imagine Felix falling in more trouble now with the backing of Elder Kraken.

Alas, one could only pray for his poor soul...

....

On the same northern district, but tens of kilometers to the southern side, Boss Alves was seen in Duke Humphrey's office again.

"Duke, I have completed my mission, the targets have been kicked out to the streets again." Boss Alves reported, "Unless he becomes a golden spirit, he will be there for a long time."

Boss Alves didn't forget that Felix had some sort of connection with Elder Kraken. However, after everything that happened, and Felix hadn't relied on such a connection, he started to doubt if it was even a close one.

He had no idea that Elder Kraken was holding back only because Lord Hades ordered him to not break the rules for the sake of carrying favor with Asna.

Now, that Felix had become a golden spirit, he could help him with whatever as long as he respected the rules.

Unresponsive, Duke Humphrey merely waved a finger and a holographic screen appeared in front of Boss Alves.

When Boss Alves saw its content, his eyeballs almost fell from their sockets from shock.

"It can't be! How?!" He exclaimed, his face practically touching the screen.

His reaction was understandable as the screen showed Felix with a golden hue, entering Elder Kraken's massive property with his servants behind him.

"Congratulations, you have kept them on the streets for a couple of minutes." Duke Humphrey said calmly, "Is this your definition of success?"

"I...I...I will fix it!"

Boss Alves' heartbeats accelerated in fright even when Duke Humphery didn't seem either furious or disappointed.

He understood that Duke Humphrey almost never showed his emotions, making it impossible to predict his next action.

"There is nothing for you to fix." Duke Humphrey stated, "As long as they are under Elder Kraken's protection, no one can touch them unless they broke the rules."

"You're done."

"But..."

"Leave."

With that final order, Duke Humphrey twisted his chair to face the window, completely ignoring Boss Alves' existence.

Boss Alves opened his mouth many times wanting to defend himself or find a way to make amend and get the duke's favor, but each time he ended up closing it back.

He realized that anything he uttered would do nothing but to piss off the duke even more. So, he turned around and walked away, his heart still beating out of his chest in distress and agitation.

'What's going to happen to me? Will he cast me away? Will he find a way to ruin my business? He holds all the cards.'

During his journey back home, Boss Alves' thoughts were nothing but negative about his future.

He ought to feel this way as the duke had him sign a strict contract that would ensure he would never sell him out or his fallen specters' operation regardless of what he did to him!

'He won't throw me away, I am still producing manpower for Sharky's operation.' Boss Alves narrowed his eyes coldly, 'Now, if I want to get back in his favor, I have to be more proactive in the fallen specters operation whether I want to or not.'

Boss Alves realized that his only path to redemption was to join the dark forces willingly and start actively helping them instead of forced...Either this or his business might disappear tomorrow after a raid of law enforcers deciding to come for a random 'inspection.'

...

Back in the office, Duke Humphrey was seen tapping a finger on his elbow, deep in his thoughts.

'Why is Kraken helping that boy? Is it because of that rowdy unigin? If he seeks validation or favor from her by doing this, he will receive nothing but the irk of Lord Hades.'

Now that he knew the identity of the ethereal elder backing Felix, things had gotten much easier for him to analyze.

'Elder Kraken isn't known to be that ambitious. He is ranked at the bottom of the council and he never showed an ounce of interest in climbing the ladder. So, what's all this about?'

Duke Humphrey was left utterly confused as he saw no benefit in assisting Felix unless he wanted to invest in him and make him one of his subordinates.

'That boy did show a remarkable performance, he will be a great asset in the government under him.' Duke Humphery began to see this as the true motive behind Elder Kraken's involvement.

'Such a pain in the ass.' Duke Humphrey sighed and dropped the matter for now, knowing that he could not make any more moves on Karra without drawing Elder Kraken's attention to his business.

The last thing he wanted was an ethereal elder snooping on him in such a crucial period.

'It's time to accelerate the expansion. I have to have more than 40% of spirits as fallen by the end of the decade.' Duke Humphery narrowed his eyes as he stared at the stars, 'For my ascension, for my return to the promised land, I have to fulfill my promise.'

***

A couple of hours later...Back in Elder Kraken's mansion...

'So that's how it went.' Elder Kraken uttered with a deep tone, 'I didn't want to approach Carbuncle due to the strict rules keeping us away from the scribe's private life, but I can offer my assistance through you.'

Felix had just narrated everything that happened between him and Carbuncle, hoping to ask for his help in bringing Carbuncle's wife back in his arms.

'Much acknowledged elder, without you, it won't be possible.' Felix bowed his head in gratitude.

While he owned Carbuncle a favor, Elder Kraken had nothing to gain from this.

In fact, he would put himself in danger since the plan in Felix's mind would make him thread on the line of breaking the rules.

'It's nothing, I consider Carbuncle as a friend.' Elder Kraken mentioned.

Felix paused for a moment before asking, 'Is it possible to help Carbuncle link with his wisp of consciousness? It feels off to know that another version will live in loneliness while the other will have a chance to rejoin with his wife.'

'I never tried it so I wouldn't know, but it can't be easier than doing it by yourself.' Elder Kraken shook his head.

'I see.'

'Plus, why do you care about such a thing? Carbuncle's wisp of consciousness wouldn't hesitate to erase himself if he listened that his main consciousness had reunited with his wife.'

'That's reasonable.'

Knowing the drug addict Carbuncle, he would do exactly that as his entire purpose of existing in the living world was for the sake of his wife.

'You told me that she is under warden Sharky. I will try to reach out to him and see if it will be possible to purchase her as a new servant.' Elder Kraken suggested.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'If it was that easy, the elder wouldn't have told me to join the government.' Felix shook his head, 'There is something off about that man and if you approached him for her sake, there is a high chance he will reject you and be on alert.'

'It's your mission, you know best.' Elder Kraken shrugged his shoulders, 'Just ask and I will help.'

'For now, do you know any available positions in the government that will allow me to pressure even officials?' Felix asked.

'Hmmm, I think the law enforcers' department chief communicated about an opening for a squad captain's position in the upcoming two months.' Elder Kraken informed, 'It's the highest current open position and it will be immensely difficult to obtain it.'