1452 Report on The Living World's Situation.

"A position for captain?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, "It's possible for golden spirits to aim for it straightaway, jumping through being a law enforcer first?"

"It used to be impossible before to skip governmental ranks, but since there were barely any openings released in each decade, we decided to alter the rules a bit and give a chance to golden spirits to target any free post. Even if it's an ethereal elder post." Elder Kraken shook his head, "However, being given a chance and getting the post are two different things entirely."

"Everyone else fails in the qualification stage and even if they made it, it was near impossible for the veteran officials to let newbies steal such a well-deserved promotion from them.

"In fact, ever since this systematical change was introduced, there was a single golden spirit who managed to excel above governmental officials and steal the post from their hands."

"Just one?"

Felix didn't like those odds one bit.

"For the captain position, you will be competing against veteran law enforcers who were in the force for centuries or even millennium if they weren't lucky with a direct promotion." Elder Kraken informed.

"No wonder no one makes it past them." Felix frowned.

He understood that the captain's position examination would definitely include many subjects related to law enforcement rules and antics in the heavenly plane. Those law enforcers had plenty of experience on the field, making them the perfect candidate for the position unlike the newbie gold spirits, who had merely touched the surface.

'You should still participate, I can recommend you, helping your resume become highly qualified to be accepted.' Elder Kraken shared, 'Whether you succeed or not, the experience will be a useful tool. Plus, if you failed and a law enforcer received the post, his spot would be freed, giving you another opportunity to join the government.'

'Its examination would be much simpler and with your experience, you would pass it with flying colors.'

'My thoughts exactly.' Felix nodded in agreement.

Right now, Felix just wanted to join the administration regardless of the position available, so he could secure the reincarnation opportunity.

All governmental officials were given the opportunity and they had the right to cash it out any time they wanted. However, no one actually goes for it as it was deemed to be the worst decision anyone could make.

After all, what's the point of getting reborn with no memories just to end up dying again and becoming a wandering spirit?

This time, they wouldn't even make it to the heavenly plane, don't even mention the well-established government.

'You should put your resume as fast as possible, right now, the news hasn't gone public, allowing your resume to be seen first instead of getting buried in a mountain of paperwork.' Elder Kraken advised.

Upon hearing this, Felix brought out a holographic paper and began working on his resume, adding on all of the details that could help him stand out from the rest.

Unfortunately, because he and Miss Sanae were too shady, most of the cases closed ended up not going to court after getting paid 'shush' money.

So, Felix couldn't include Mr. Azravan's case and many others in it.

Knowing this would make his CV appear empty, Felix included his achievements in the heavenly plane's tournament, not forgetting to write about defeating Nebula and blowing half of the Colosseum.

Elder Kraken's eyelids twitched after seeing him write it down, but he remained silent.

He understood that the legal enforcement department valued strength, integrity, loyalty, and mortality above everything...Strength came first for a reason as their jobs were pretty demanding in this department.

"Oh, you also received a recommendation letter from an enforcer's captain? That's even better as recommendations from the same hiring department meant a lot more." Elder Kraken expressed.

"I didn't think it would come in handy so soon," Felix replied while finishing the last touches.

After he was done, he included Elder Kraken's endorsement letter in the file as he wrote it down almost instantaneously for him.

Then, he emailed it to the legal enforcement department's main headquarters responsible for the entire realm.

"Now, pray for the best and start preparing for the examination." Elder Kraken said.

"Is it possible to know what will be on the examination?" Felix inquired.

"Unfortunately, all governmental officials are banned from discussing examination details with citizens unless they were their servants."

"I see."

Albeit unfortunate, Felix already had a pretty good idea of how the examination was going to be.

'By the way, is it possible to talk to my masters?' Felix inquired telepathically.

'Sure, what do you want to say?' Elder Kraken permitted.

'I just want to know how things are going in the living world. Are my friends fine? Is the alliance doing well? Nimo too. What about Saurous, and Wendigo, are they looking for me?'

While Felix's heart might have become as cold as glacial rock, he still wanted those close to him to be free of trouble.

'I can answer most of your questions.' Elder Kraken said, 'It's been over two decades now since your death's anniversary in the living world. I don't know much about that little elf as she has sealed herself in her territory, but the ice wolf and the plant cutie have managed to uplift the human race's rank to the top twelve by dominating the racial games platform. It seems like Fenrir's student is aiming to become the grand supreme and fill the void you left behind. Right now, he is ranked in the top ten and pushing the ranks slowly after he started his individual journey on the platform.'

'With Elder Fenrir at his side and the death of most of the strongest fighters in the alliance, I can see it happening.' Felix nodded.

'Who's the current supreme leader?'

'It's Hive Guardian N0.' Elder Kraken said, 'He became the number one by default.'

'It means the hive race has two votes now.' Felix frowned, 'What's Candace doing? Why hasn't she made the Ruiner climb the ladder and secure the grand supreme position.'

Felix believed that Noah had the potential to become number one, but when it came to the Ruiner? He was certain that he would become one if he joined the platform.

'Candace and the entire void nation aren't doing so good now.' Elder Kraken shook his head, 'With your death being announced at last by the alliance, no one had taken it harder than the void nation. Even the human race managed to bounce back quite swiftly, but the void nation almost fell apart.'

'It's because of Nimo.' Felix sighed.

'Yes, you were the heart of the void nation and with you and Asna's death, Nimo listened to absolutely no one...Not even us.' Elder Kraken smiled wryly, 'We tried to keep him around with us, but he took off on his own somewhere and it has been a long while since we heard from him.'

Since all the void nation citizens had wisps of consciousness inside Nimo's mind, he was capable of commanding them regardless of the whereabouts of their main consciousness.

This meant, that even Candace had absolutely no control over the void nation citizens if Nimo wanted them to do something.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

'Fortunately, Candace keeps us updated on his condition as she was the last person he somewhat still listens to.'

'It sounds dire.'

Felix wasn't loving the news so far.

'At least, we still have his alter ego sealed in the sun earrings...After you died, none of us could access the sealed dimension, but we still feel his alter ego's life force burning strong. He must be slumbering to save energy.' Elder Kraken mentioned.

'That's good.'

The last thing Felix wanted was for Nimo to seek a merge with his alter ego for the sake of getting stronger and reviving him.

'As for the darkins, they have been quiet ever since your death was confirmed, hiding in some corner away from civilization.' Elder Kraken said.

'I see.'

All in all, Felix was somewhat pleased with the current state...Sure, there were some problems, but nothing seemed too life-threatening, which gave him a bit of relief.

'All you have to do is focus on yourself here.' Elder Kraken frowned, 'If you think Lord Hades is going to sit back and watch you get revived with your current powerful soul and memories, you are gravely mistaken.'

'Nothing else matters if you can't return to the living world, so focus on just that and leave the rest to us.'

'I understand.'

'Now, is there anything else you want to say to your masters?'

'No need.' Felix uttered calmly, 'I will talk to them when I have some results to show.'

Knowing that his masters weren't of the sentimental type, Felix decided to speak with them after he entered the administration at least.

Otherwise, it would be nothing but an empty chitchat, and none of them liked such a thing.