Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1454 A Brother's Plight.

Meanwhile, Felix and Ravager decided to tour the law enforcement department, knowing they would be coming in here way too often.

"What got you involved in this? I thought you would play a few more tournaments to farm Lumus." Ravager inquired, his tone as frigid as ever.

"I am not interested in such battles." Felix anwsered, "The government has always been my aim."

"I see."

"You?" Felix asked.

"..." Ravager remained silent for a moment before uttering with a hate-filled voice, "It's personal."

"I see."

Felix let the conversation die out there because he didn't elaborate any further.

Meanwhile, Ravager's thoughts were consumed with memories of his last encounter with Mr. Atticus.

***

Two months earlier...An hour after Ravager was pronounced as the champion.

Ravager was seen standing in front of Mr. Atticus with a faint relaxed smile like he had finally taken a massive weight off his shoulders.

"I am ready to take my sister away." He shared.

"Why so hasty?" Mr. Atticus said calmly, "Stay for the after-party, everyone wants to congratulate you on your magnificent victory."

"Not interested, hand her over." Ravager's tone got deeper as he brought out the contract and placed it in front of Mr. Atticus.

He didn't have to say more for Mr. Atticus to understand his implication.

"Fine."

Mr. Atticus' gaze got colder but he still delivered on his promise. He requested his subordinates to bring her over, causing Ravager's tensed shoulders to relax.

In a few moments, the door was unlocked, and an almost identical feminine version of Ravager went inside with two guards.

She was wearing a black and white maid outfit and had her natural blonde hair braided into two ponytails.

Her face resembled Ravager's greatly, but when his eyes landed on her, his heart almost broke in half.

He rushed to her side immediately and caressed her cheeks with his hands while calling her name.

"Massia...Massia."

Alas, no response.

Her eyes seemed soulless like she had seen the seventh level of hell and come back.

"MASSIA!"

Ravager shook her shoulders as he called loudly, but still, his efforts were in vain as his sister's pupils didn't even flinch.

"WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER!" Ravager channeled his anger back at Mr. Atticus, glaring at him murderously.

He still remembered how his sweet sister was, laughing like an angel at everything and just being a beacon of light for his entire family.

Even when their situation had gotten bad, she was the only thing cheering them up and making them live through tough times until the last moment of their separation.

But this, this person before him, was not his sister.

"I did nothing to her." Mr. Atticus shrugged his shoulders, "I bought her like this. She has been an obedient little puppet ever since."

"Now, do you want to conclude the deal or keep shouting in my ear?" Mr. Atticus warned just as Ravager was about to speak, "Don't make it harder than it is."

"Bastard..." Ravager cursed under his breath, feeling like his heart was about to burst from fury.

But, he managed to maintain his emotions as he knew that the deal wasn't concluded and at this moment, he had to secure his sister first.

So, he reached out to sign the transfer contract of servants...Since his little sister had a dark hue, her rights were at the very bottom, making it impossible for her to have any say in such deals.

"Now, beat it, and don't show your face before me again."

The moment the contract was signed, Mr. Atticus kicked them both out of his chamber.

As Ravager and his sister were being pushed away by the guards, he turned his head and asked one last time with a suppressed tone.

"May I know where and when you bought her?"

"You are not eligible to learn such information." Mr. Atticus didn't bother entertaining his question.

Although maddened and frustrated by the whole situation, Ravager could only get himself kicked out of his house, knowing that overstaying his welcome might cause him trouble with the law.

When he looked down and saw his little sister gazing at him silently, his lips tightened up for a second before they broke into a gentle smile.

He held her cold hand and said softly, "Let's go home."

Unresponsive, Massia held her brother's hand and walked with him, seemingly not affected by his emotions in the slightest.

In fact, Ravager doubted if she even remembered him...For now, he left those thoughts sit in his mind and took her back home.

...Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Boss, don't you think it's dangerous to hand out a fallen specter into the hands of her brother?" Mr. Atticus' subordinate asked with a concerned tone, "We might get in deep trouble if the Fallen Organization heard about it."

"Trouble? Heh." Mr. Atticus sneered, "Just like any servant, they must not speak about their previous owners and anything they did or experienced under him. So, even if he made her somewhat break the Fallen's curse and be able to speak again, she wouldn't dare rat out anyone unless she wanted to get kicked out."

Mr. Atticus began to chuckle, realizing that even if she wanted to go for it, her brother would stop her to keep her with him!

"I see..."

"Stop questioning my decisions and go ask them for ten more fallen specters." Mr. Atticus said with a wide icy smile, "They are simply the greatest slaves to exist on the realm, we have to get as much as possible before the supply runs out."

Mr. Atticus had lied before to Ravager when he said that he had purchased his little sister.

In fact, it was handed to him for free by a long friend who wanted him to invest in his project. One could say, she was given as a sample.

Now, he was ready for the real deal as he had been skeptical about the quality of those fallen specters, which was the reason he kept her for a long time to test her through everything.

If Ravager went through the memory of his little sister; forgot his heart, his soul would evaporate on the spot from the horrors she went through in absolute silence like a test subject.

With all of this evil happening in the shadows, one could only wonder what was Lord Hades, the supreme emperor doing...

***

The Next Morning.

Felix and Ravager were seen standing straight in front of three law enforcers inside a small office room.

Felix and Ravager were wearing their own law enforcer's outfit, which was almost identical to the ones worn by their new squadmate.

The only difference was theirs had no stripes on its shoulder, which implied their non-existent rank in the department.

After all, they were merely temporary trainees and weren't official governmental members.

"Listen here, you little maggots, I don't like jokes, I don't like laughter, I don't like fun in general. As long as you are in my presence, I expect absolute obedience and professionalism. I don't care if you will make it this year or not, as long as you are under me, you are representing our squad and you better behave like it."

The squad's captain said with a rough voice. It matched well with his well-defined bulky body and scar running down his cheek...He had two white horns on his forehead, making his race even harder to detect.

"Yes, Captain."

"Yes, Captain."

Neither Felix nor Ravager were too bothered by his assholish attitude...In fact, they liked it very much as it meant their captain took his job very seriously, which would help them clear more cases and secure more points.

"Nidam, Hazel, teach them the ins and outs of the department and make them go through our old cases to understand our targets."

"Yes, Captain Charleson!"

Nidam and Hazel yelled simultaneously.

The captain then nodded his head at everyone and left the office.

"Hazel, please handle it. This is a job for one."

Immediately after the door was closed, Nidam let go of his tense attitude, slumping his shoulders in exhaustion.

He reached out to his pocket and pulled out a cigarette, then he started smoking it with a relaxed expression, not caring about Felix and Ravager.

"Look at me." Hazel ordered with a stern tone, "I don't like repeating myself, so my explanation will happen only once and it will be on you if you can't comprehend everything."

Both Felix and Ravager nodded in understanding.

"First of all, the law enforcement department takes care of almost all instances associated to spirits. It doesn't matter if it's a crime, a dispute, a protection escort, a recovery mission, and the list goes on. We are one of the most stressed departments on a daily basis and you should take this seriously if you want to make it far this year."

"If you aren't resilient enough, you will give up in the first two months and return to your easy and tranquil reckless lives."

"Now, Follow me. I will show you around to ease the explanation."