Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1455 The Rescue Mission! I

Although Felix and Ravager had done their own tour of the department, there were many places of access to them since they hadn't been considered official law enforcers.

So, they voiced no complaint as they followed after Hazel, who kept talking nonstop. Each time she reached a new area, she introduced it and gave them all the details needed to know to help them in their tasks.

After a short while, they arrived at the heart of the law enforcement department. It was a vast, sprawling hall stretched out, its vastness echoing the importance of the operations housed within.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The hall's ceiling soared high with luminous crystals embedded within it, casting a gentle, ambient glow throughout.

This ethereal lighting was only rivaled by the colossal, quad-surfaced screen that floated majestically in the hall's center.

Each of its surfaces displayed a kaleidoscope of cases, tasks, and missions, flickering and updating in real time.

Below this spectacle, the hall buzzed with activity. Rows of polished, crystalline desks filled the space, each attended by law enforcers draped in their distinct uniforms.

They monitored the ever-changing screens, coordinating responses, dispatching teams, and updating case files.

The screens not only displayed text but also vivid images, diagrams, and occasionally, live feeds from various locations in the spirit realm, painting a dynamic picture of the ongoing cases!

Felix and Ravager were left surprised by this kind of seemingly messy structure that showed nothing but absolute precision.

"This is the center of our operations...We call it The Central Hall." Hazel informed as she walked through the buzzing crowd, forcing Felix and Ravager to stay close to her to avoid getting lost.

Even though the noise was quite loud, both of them were still able to hear her voice ring loudly in their ears.

"The screens above will be your ally and enemy for the next year. You will learn to love it and hate it at the same time." Hazel said while pointing at the massive quadruple screens.

"How so?" Ravager inquired.

"You see the names and details of the cases flying in the screens?"

"Yes."

"When you finish training under us, you will be able to start claiming cases based on your rank from those screens and working on them individually or with a partner if you have no problem with splitting the end credit." Hazel shared, her eyes drifting from one law enforcer to the other, "Almost everyone here is waiting for good cases to appear so they can snatch them and increase their rank through overlapping credits."

"In this place, there is no pulling rank. It's the law of the jungle, first come, first serve." Hazel concluded.

Felix and Ravager nodded in understanding even though there were many points that confused them.

"Won't no one do any job if everyone keeps waiting here for the best case to show up?" Felix asked calmly.

"No." Hazel clarified, "Everyone you see here has already finished their daily mandatory work. Such work will be related to the squad and the captain's orders. Only when the work is concluded, will the law enforcer be given free time to work on his own credits if he desired."

"I see, so this is more like overtime work." Ravager disclosed.

"Exactly." Hazel added, "Since everyone in the government is pretty competitive to climb the ladder, no one dares to laze around after finishing their mandatory jobs. This is one of the many reasons why the heavenly plane is always peaceful."

'Peaceful?'

'Huh.'

Felix and Ravager scoffed at the same time in their minds at her naive statement.

Both of them had somewhat experienced the dark side of the heavenly plane and saw what those, in power, could do once they learned how to abuse the rules and the system to their favor.

In their eyes, the only reason the heavenly plane seemed peaceful was because the screams of despair and agony of the wronged were being muffled...

Not noticing their reaction, Hazel passed through the hall and continued on with her explanation.

"Even though the credits gained from finishing those additional cases won't be much help to you if you don't become an official law enforcer, I advise you to still do them."

"You will be earning plenty of points and if you desire to topple over the other teams, you will need every single one of them."

'This is an opportunity to investigate what happened to my sister.'

'This is a chance to learn more about Sharky and find out what is he cooking in the shadows.'

Hazel didn't need to tell them this since both of them were already planning to take advantage of the system for their own personal agendas.

Getting points was great, but both of them understood that there was a high chance of not becoming a captain even if they succeded in the qualification stage.

So, it was best to work on their own personal cases while they still had the government's authority on their side.

Just as Hazel was about to move to the next subject, her crystal device started vibrating. She stopped immediately and picked up the call, showing a solemn expression.

A moment later, she turned around and said, "It's your lucky day, our captain was assigned a rescue mission in the beast kingdom and asked for your attendance."

"Let's group up."

Without waiting for them to react to the news, she took off into the air, forcing them to chase after her quickly.

...

"Listen well, we aren't the only squad being dispatched...We will be accompanied by Captain Frederick's squad and Captain Quentin's squad from the capital." Captain Charleson notified with his hands held behind his back, seemingly even more sterner than before.

"Wow, isn't this a bit too heavy?" Hazel asked with a concerned tone, "What kind of beasts are we dealing with here?"

"It's Rapid Killer Bee's Hive." Captain Charleson uttered.

Everyone took a deep cold breath in shock and fear...Even Felix raised an eyebrow in distress.

He learned a bit about the greatest dangers in the Beasts Kingdom in case he ended up encroaching on their territory sometimes.

There were seven marked death zones ruled by seven kinds of creatures. The Rapid Killer Bee's Hive owns the eastern territory and was considered its ruler, dominating all beasts and creatures in it, striking fear in any target before it.

"Which stupid hunters decided to enter a death zone? Don't they know better?" Nidam clicked his tongue in criticism.

"The reports said that a squad consisting of ten hunters had decided to venture deeper to hunt down the Pink Stripped Panther. Unfortunately, they have been ambushed by a pack of greyish hyenas and three of them were forced into the Rapid Killer Bee's Hive territory."

"The law enforcers in the nearest city were contacted first for an emergency rescue, but they failed to retrieve the soul flames and some of them were eaten to the last bone."

"We have been hired not to rescue just the hunters but also our companions in arms." Captain Charelson concluded with a strict expression, "So, be at your best performance."

"Yes Sir!" Everyone shouted simultaneously.

Captain Charleson glanced at Felix and Ravager for a moment before ordering them, "You aren't expected to offer any help. Your entire job will be to watch our flank and keep the spirit flames protected in jars until we bring them back to safety...Understood?"

"Yes!"

The fact that they were taken during such a difficult mission was already something they were more than grateful for.

That's because if the mission was successful, they would be rewarded a great amount of points due to its importance and difficulty.

"Let's move out, we will group up with the squads near the forest's entrance!"

Without wasting a single moment, Captain Charleson led his squad outside of the department and all of them jumped inside their squad's designated vehicle.

Then, they departed to the Beast Kingdom.

...

A couple of hours later...

Captain Charleson's squad had arrived at the entrance to the beasts' kingdom's forest. When Felix looked briefly from the window, he noticed many vehicles parked in the area. Some belonged to the department and some seemed civilian related.

In a moment, Felix and his squad went to group up with the other squads gathered right at the tip of the forest.

"Looks like a few more squads were summoned from other cities," Hazel mentioned as she eyed the separated clicks of law enforcers.

There were at least thirty of them and since each squad consisted of no less than six members, this meant at least six squads were assigned this mission.

"It's understandable, we will be dealing with the killer bees." Nidam uttered as he lit up cigarettes, "Those motherf*ckers hurt as hell and if we aren't careful, we will be the ones needing a rescue."

After Captain Charleson arrived with his team at the party, a lanky man with long purplish arms and three eyes on his forehead scolded the moment he saw Felix and Ravager.

"Charleson, you know this mission is too difficult even for some of the veterans, why have you brought the newbies on their first day on the job?"

"I am usually against this irritating freak's side, but on this one, I have to agree." A pale beautiful vampire female with a red gloss supported with a unhappy tone. "We have no interest in baggage. If I wasn't thinking for your sake, I would have brought the newbies assigned to me as well."

The rest of the captains and their squads seemed in favor of their takes as no one was giving Felix and Ravager any ounce of faith in their capabilities.

'Damn, I can understand underestimating me, but even Traveler?' Ravager frowned, 'He destroyed half of the colosseum with one punch, how can he be a hindrance in this mission?'

Even Felix was somewhat surprised by their reaction.

He never expected to be treated with reverence, but to be outright shunned even after his performance, he thought it was a bit too weird.

'Are they much stronger than me or are they just trying to make it difficult for the captain?'