Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1458 Rescue Mission! IV

When they were close to finish, Felix opened his mouth and uttered. 'The Queen Be clearly wants to consume us for nutrition and won't attempt using her full strength to maintain our bodies.'

'So, it's more than possible to buy me time while still keeping yourselves safe.'

While his logic was sound, no one was bought to his side just yet as there were still many problematic parts about his plan.

'Didn't you hear what captain's Frederick said?' Captain Bella sneered, 'Even our combined powerful abilities won't be enough to break through the Queen Bee's telekinesis barrier. What makes you think your punch will be any good?'

'You think you are stronger than all of us combined? Heh.'

The others didn't openly mock Felix as boldly as her, but none of them entertained his insane conviction of being able to slay Queen Bee...Even with Captain Charleson's blessings.

Still, Felix wasn't planning to give up yet.

'From the way I see it, you guys won't have anything to lose by trusting in my plan.' Felix disclosed coolly, 'If my plan succeeded, all of you will be rewarded with high levels of credits while me and Ravager will get merely points for our examination. I have no interest in hogging the credits.'

'If the plan failed, which is highly unlikely, I can assure you that the hive will suffer from massive damages, allowing us to retreat to safety and even possibly rescue the spirits' flames during its weakened state.'

'The only way for us to truly lose is by retreating without giving any plan a chance. I doubt any one of you wants to hand out this mission to other squads.'

'...'

'...'

'...'

When Felix was done speaking, no one jumped in with a taunting remark or a foolish statement again. Even Captain Bella looked deep in thought.

While she seemed against Felix and Ravager, it was only because they were newbies and she hated liabilities. But, if one of them proved himself capable in their setting, she had no problems with giving out respect when due.

Everything that Felix had said was logical and rational, making her realize that he wasn't speaking out of his ass like some prideful rookie, but he actually knew what he was talking about.

The others felt the same way as her, making them share knowing glances between each other.

'What do you think?'

'I say we go for it.'

'Hold on a second, what if the plan failed and his punch didn't deliver the promised the damages?' Captain Quentin interjected rationally.

'He doesn't seem of the type to throw his word around without guarantees...But, ' Captain Charleson assured, 'If the situation didn't develop as envisioned, I will take full responsibility.'Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'You sure trust in your newbie easily to endanger your career like this.' Captain Bella shook her head.

'It's my decision and since I am taking the fall responsibility, I will be leading the plan.'

No one had any problem with that even though it meant his squad would earn the most credits.

After the decision was made, the captains discussed furthermore their own strategy to resist the hive's attacks and buy Felix as much time as possible.

When they reached a final decision, they didn't waste any more time and started their marsh through the dense canopy of the forest.

As they walked in a tight formation, the low hum of the thousands of swarms resonated through the trees, growing louder and more menacing, causing their expressions to turn grim.

'Let's hope this work out.'

'Just trust the process.'

'Everyone ready?'

'Yes!'

From the ground, a sudden shimmering thick telekinetic barrier rose, encircling the group of squads!

The force field rippled like water, reflecting the sun's rays in a dazzling spectacle! This was a barrier created through the efforts of each member, making it possible to turn it into an iron fortress capable of resisting ten times the individual damage!

'CHARGE!'

With one final shout from Captain Charleson, everyone dashed through the trees and appeared at the largest empty field that was filled to the brim with Killer Bees!

Just like predators smelling fresh meat, the killer bees didn't even await their Queen's commands as they swiftly encased the telekinesis barrier, hitting it with their stinger.

Cling! Cling!

The telekinesis barrier held strong against their attacks, but the sheer number of them made everyone understand that the situation wouldn't last in their favor for long.

'Kill them!'

Captain Quentin, veins glowing fiery red, sent arcs of flame into the sky, incinerating scores of the approaching swarm. Each explosion of flame illuminated the forest, painting the trees in brilliant hues of orange and red!

From Captain Frederick's side, a torrential downpour began, not from the clouds, but from his squad's conjuring. Water benders sent massive waves crashing against the barrier, washing away bees that got too close and dousing any fires that threatened to spread.

Captain Bella used her gravitational abilities to gather swarms in single spots, helping her squad mates eliminate them with the least amount of effort.

Even Ravager joined the party and kept firing deadly fire wind balls at each swarm, creating giant bloody holes, just to be filled up with more bees.

'They are never ending!'

Still, no matter how many bees they take down, triple the amount emerge from somewhere.

Yet, this wasn't even the real threat.

In front of them, the Queen Bee emerged from the hive.

Her wings beat with fury, sending gusts that rustled leaves and bent tree trunks! Even her physical side looked menacing, causing most law enforcers to gulps mouthful in fear.

This was the first time they witness The Rapid Queen Bee, the ruler of one of the seven death zones!

Without messing around, Queen Bee's red eyes locked on them and conjured hundreds of telekinesis projectiles before raining them on their barrier, uncaring about the swarms surrounding it!

THUD! THUD!

'Shit! The barrier is taking a beating!!'

'She is much more powerful than we anticipated!'

'Damn it! At this pace, we will lose the mega barrier in less than a minute!'

'Hold formation at all cost!'

The barrier rocked back and forth with each projectile slamming against its body, causing everyone faces' to lose color instantly.

Some law enforcers were already bleeding from their noses, suffering from the backlash.

'Where is that bastard! Is he not done yet?' Captain Bella returned to her old self as she looked around her and found no Felix to be seen.

Felix was in fact hiding on top of a tree with many branches while maintaining a decent distance from the battle.

Still, he was close enough to the Queen, his gaze was intensely fixed on her, seeming to pierce through the surrounding pandemonium.

With a deep breath, he felt for the distinct frequency that resonated from her, a unique vibration in the vast spectrum of spacetime.

It belonged to only her, and he was trying his best to lock on it. During his training in the past months, he focused purely on this step to facilitate his control over the random destruction of his spacetime attacks.

Now, his training was being paid off as he felt her frequency calling for him even through the billion other frequencies inside the chaotic battlefield.

Meanwhile, the telekinesis barrier, painstakingly maintained by the squads, was the only thing standing between them and utter destruction. But as seconds passed and Felix continued his focus, the Queen Bee, sensing a vulnerability, unleashed a forceful surge.

The barrier wavered and then, with a violent shattering sound, dispersed into fragmented shards of energy!!

The squads were now exposed, at the mercy of the mightiest being in the forest!

'Crap!'

'Do we retreat?!'

'Retreat where?'

Captain Charleson smiled bitterly as he felt his body suddenly tightening up before completely turning frozen in place.

The rest of the squads experienced the same sensation, making their expressions go pale instantly at the realization that Queen Bee had used her terrifying telekinesis to imprison them!

As they watched the swarms of thousands of flesh eating bees surround them, all of them cursed out Felix in their minds and at themselves for getting baited into this bullshit plan!

But in that split second of impending doom, Felix had locked in on the precise frequency.

Without hesitation, he pulled his arm back and thrust it forward, punching the very fabric of the air before him.

The space around his fist shattered like brittle glass, sending ripples through the dimensions!

The force of the punch, augmented by the resonance with the Queen Bee's frequency, traveled with alarming speed!

Before she could even register the impending doom, her formidable telekinesis barrier and then her very form crumbled to fragments under the might of the attack!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The explosion came albeit late, but it caused all the swarms in the area to fall into the ground from sheer power of the aftermath!

The Captains and their squad mates' faces were turned from despair into utter disbelief at the sight of the residual force from Felix's punch continued its path, leaving a vast cylindrical tunnel of destruction!

Trees, foliage, and unfortunate beasts within a kilometer were utterly obliterated in its wake.

The squads, while safe from the Queen Bee, felt their hearts grew cold at such a sheer display of overwhelming destruction, making them feel like they were in the presence of another monster.

'Every couple months he comes back ten times stronger...How does he do it?' Ravager remained affixed on his spot, his heart beating out of his chest at the thought that not a year ago, he actually went toe to toe against Felix.

Now, he didn't just obliterate one of the seven rulers of the beasts' kingdom, but did it in a such a fashion, it left no doubt in anyone's minds that he wasn't to be fucked with!