Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1462 The Witness Protection Program.

?1462 The Witness Protection Program.

'Should we storm in?' Ravager asked.

'No, we have to play this smart.' Felix rejected.

He comprehended that even though they were led to the fallen spirits' seller, they could not confront him about it.

He would easily deny everything and without any evidence, they could not arrest him.

'We need Arion's master to give away the seller. Unlike him, we have a reason to bring him for questioning.'

'Arion's unclosed case.' Ravager commentated. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'Let's go.' Felix agreed and disappeared into the shadows, chasing after Arion's master.

...

The dark alleyways were a stark contrast to the vibrant hustle of the main streets. Sounds of haggling and the clinking of essence coins echoed in the distance.

Arion's master dragged him along, his grip punishingly tight. Clearly, he was still upset after getting looked down upon by the servants' trader.

Just as he was about to take a corner, two figures stepped out from the shadowed doorways, blocking their path.

Ravager, with his piercing eyes and an intimidating aura, stared down the master, while Felix took a measured step forward, his demeanor calm but authoritative.

"Going somewhere?" Felix asked, a hint of coldness in his voice.

Arion's master heart almost lept from his throat in fright after seeing Felix and Ravager's outfits.

The notion of being caught doing something wrong by law enforcers would sap the wind out of anyone.

'Don't panic, don't panic, you did nothing wrong.'

Arion's master relaxed his emotions somehow and then spat back defiantly. "What's in it for you?"

Ravager took a step closer, his eyes as cold as ever. "You seem to have mistreated your servant. That's a violation of Spirit Realm regulations."

The master sneered, "He's mine. Bought and paid for. None of your business what I do to him unless he came forward and reported me."

"Come on ask him, see if he will do so."

Knowing that Arion wasn't going to utter a single word, Felix didn't bother to play his game.

He summoned a binding chain of light, wrapping it around the master and immobilizing him.

This was one of the law enforcement equipment used to seize the criminals with minimum effort.

"You can't do this to me! You are abusing your authority!" He screamed for his rights.

"Shut up." Felix zapped him through the light chain, causing the master to convulse in pain.

Then, he dragged him to the law enforcement department while Ravager brought Arion with him.

...

After booking an interrogation room, Arion's master never stopped screaming and banging on the table, crying over the unjust treatment he received.

"I will sue you! You hear me! I will sue you!"

"Sue us for what?" Ravager sneered, "You have already confirmed that Arion is your servant. He has been picked up by us a week ago and found out the abnormalities within him."

"As his master, you must have had a great part in his memories' deletion and personality disorder."

Upon hearing this, Arion's master felt his knees buckle under the table at the realization that his association with a fallen specter was about to bite him in the ass.

He assumed before that Felix and Ravager had no case against him, which meant it was illegal to arrest him, and he could put them in deep trouble if he complained to the court.

But now? They had every right to bring him in as his master.

"I had nothing to do with his mental problem! I swear on Lord Hades' name!" Arion's master changed up real quick...Instead of protesting, now he was trying to save his own skin.

"He was all beaten up and wounded. It's highly likely he became like this through a never ending cycle of abuse. I have seen many similar cases so as the court. Good luck defending yourself with a swear." Ravager sneered.

He was bluffing to intimidate Arion's master through a mixture of lies and truth. It seemed to work just fine on their target as he had started to hyperventilate.

"I really didn't do it! I bought this useless servant a month ago, and he was like this from the start!" Arion's master emphasized again, sweat flooding down his forehead.

He understood that it didn't look good for him since his servant was really abnormal and as his master, he was the first suspect.

The last thing he needed was to become a criminal after a single illegal purchase.

"Where did you buy him and from whom?" Felix asked.

Arion's master bit his lips hard as his eyes darted between Felix and Ravager, seemingly wanting to talk but at the same time not having the courage.

"You have to understand that we are on Arion's case, and if you don't start cooperating to back up your story, you will leave us with no choice but to charge you and investigate your entire life." Ravager pressured.

"I can't...I signed a strict contract with the seller." Arion's master confessed, "I will get 100% thrown out of the heavenly plane if I talked."

"You will suffer a similar fate if you were investigated and the leads pointed at you." Felix said.

"I am innocent, and you will find nothing." Arion's master replied, but his tone didn't seem that confident.

It was understandable as he wasn't a low ranked spirit. He was a small big shot in the city and to reach his current position, he had to do some shady moves.

So, while he was confident that Arion's situation wouldn't bite him as hard, he wasn't sure about the rest.

"How about a deal?" Felix suggested, "Tell us what we need to know on the record, and you will join our witness protection program."

'Traveler! You shouldn't make promises you can't keep.' Ravager chided, 'Witness protection program is used only on big cases under captains' leadership.'

'I know what I am doing, trust me.' Felix replied.

Felix comprehended that he couldn't protect someone from a contract termination penalty unless the end results justified it.

The witness protection program was used only on large scale cases since their results affected cities or sometimes even the entire plane.

Such cases were almost nonexistent and appear once in thousands of years if not longer since no one was bold enough to cause such a mayhem under Lord Hades' nose.

But, Felix was confident that the fallen specter case was a massive hit due to its relation to a noble.

"If you can guarantee me that, I will spill everything I know." Arion's master replied with a serious tone.

"Stay around, we will contact you soon." Felix threatened, "Don't you dare tell anyone about this or there will be no deal, and we will come at you with everything we got."

"Don't worry, I am not that stupid." Arion's master scoffed.

He was a mere customer and not part of the fallen specters' organization. So, he had no plans to be their scapegoat in the slightest.

After he took his leave without his servant, Ravager turned to face Felix and shook his head.

"I have no idea what you are trying to do."

"You will understand later on, for now, we have to convince our captain to take this case and put our witness in the program." Felix revealed as he walked away with Arion following him close.

Felix knew that it would be impossible to solve anything related to the fallen case with his current rank...But, if he included his squad in it and had the support of his captain, it would be a different story entirely.

The only issue with this was the fact his captain wasn't easily convinced to even take a different path on the road, don't even mention an entire new case.

One that required witness program to launch it!

"Sigh, we are going to fail miserably."

"Just let me do the talking."

"That doesn't make me feel any better about this."

"..."