1466 A Hired Gang of Misfits!

Sometime later...

Nidam had returned to the office with an irked expression, the horrid smell of cigarettes was all over his body.

"The seller is gone and has disabled his crystal device. There is no way to reach him." He reported.

"They sure moved fast." Captain Charleson sighed.

He already expected this much to happen, but he still held a bit of hope that his assumption of a traitor amidst them was false.

Now, he was convinced.

"Label him as a fugitive and dispatch a wide search across the heavenly plane." He ordered.

"On it."

Nidam left the office and made the request after filling in the seller's details...He might have been an underground seller, but he was also an active merchant in the daylight.

'Will it get rejected or approved?' Captain Charleson narrowed his eyes, awaiting the response from Inspector Nolvar.

Alas, he waited, waited, and waited. After half a day, no response was delivered yet, causing his suspicion about him to get more real.

In the end, Captain Charleson decided to confront him about his delay as he knew that the more time they wasted, the harder it would get for them to find Quillon again.

Just as he was about to walk out of his office, the serene, almost mundane atmosphere of the law enforcement department was abruptly shattered when sirens began to wail, accompanied by the frenzied flashing of red emergency lights.

Captain Charleson's expression turned solemn, knowing that an emergency had occurred.

When he glanced at the nearest digital board, it displayed a live feed from the bazaar, showing a group of rowdy spirits.

Their forms were blurry and distorted, laughing and wreaking havoc...Their ethereal fingers swept through stalls, taking whatever they pleased, leaving shopkeepers and patrons in sheer terror.

-All law enforcers on duty head to the bazaar immediately! I repeat all law enforcers on duty head to the bazaar immediately!-

Everyone heard the announcement and took off in a disciplined manner in the direction of the bazaar. Even Felix and Ravager were forced to halt their research and join them.

"Attention all units!" Inspector Nolvar's voice boomed over the intercom of the squads he was responsible over. "We have a 10-31, a mass burglary at the grand bazaar! The culprits are a gang of low-class spirits. They are currently making their escape on hover motorcycles. I want them intercepted and apprehended immediately!"

As the video feed continued to play, an aerial shot showed the gang zooming out of the bazaar area on motorcycles, their engines letting out an eerie, ghostly roar. Trails of spectral energy followed them, the visual representation of their raw power.

"Captain Charleson, you are the lead of this operation!" Inspector Nolvar ordered and made sure everyone heard it.

"Roger."

Captain Charleson agreed in a professional manner, not showing an ounce of dissatisfaction even though he was certain this entire situation occurred to hold him back.

"Damn it, why is that bastard's team always getting the best missions?" Nebula cursed in displeasure.

She was seen flying with her squad in the direction of the main doors.

"Stop complaining, it's orders from the inspector." Seraphel said calmly, "All we have to do is keep outperforming them and they will have no chance to win even if they accept ten missi..."

"Get out of the way." Before she could finish her sentence, an overbearing cold voice interrupted her from above.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

When she lifted her head, all she was met with was a hot wind breeze passing her.

"Traveler!"

Nebula gritted her teeth after noticing that it was Felix and Ravager...None of them bothered to turn around and continued on their path until they arrived at the main gates.

They picked the fastest aerial motorcycles and took off on them without waiting for their squad.

They weren't acting on their own. Captain Charleson told them to go ahead since he was confident in their strength and capability.

'We can't let them apprehend the gang members.' Selaphel eyed Nebula and she gave her a slight nod in understanding.

Without bothering to ask for their captain's permission, they sped away from the squad and gave chase on another motorcycle.

"Ayaya, must feel nice to be motivated and eager." Their captain yawned lazily, not bothered in the slightest by their blatant disrespect.

"Captain Rashford, do we follow them?"

"Nah, let them have their own little competition." Captain Rashford waved his hand carelessly.

...

Whoosh Whoosh!!

'We have company.' Ravager shared with a faint snicker as he looked behind him and noticed Nebula and Seraphel right behind them.

'Ignore them.' Felix said indifferently.

He knew that those two were planning to steal their targets. There was no reason to chase after them otherwise.

'There are three members of the gang five kilometers away.' Ravager shared, "They are speeding away."

"Let's give a chase."

Felix revved the engine and increased his speed to the limit, flying right above the heads of the spirits in the bazaar!

He was extremely precise in his drive, making effortless manipulations to avoid pedestrians, vehicles, and shops without reducing his speed at all!

Meanwhile, Ravager wasn't as optimal and had to pull the breaks on multiple times, which forced him to get behind bit by bit.

'Is there anything he isn't good at?' He commentated, a bit awed and annoyed at the same time.

Unbeknownst to him, Felix was adapted to moving at much crazier speeds, this was nothing to him.

'You ain't getting to them before me.'

When Nebula saw Felix pulling away, she also increased her speed and used even her time acceleration ability to push further!

In a split second, both of them pulled ahead of Ravager and Seraphel, forcing them to try their best to catch up.

Alas, the moment the criminals went through the complex labyrinth of alleys, Felix and Nebula left them to eat their dust.

'I will go around and intercept them!' Ravager shouted.

'I am waiting for you on the other side.' Seraphel informed.

Ravager and Seraphel glanced at each other for a moment before they went in two separate directions.

...

The neon-lit alleys of the capital painted a surrealistic landscape as the night was illuminated with vibrant hues of blues and purples.

The hovering motorcycles, with their riders, seemed more like shadows slipping through these arteries than tangible entities.

Their engines hummed, echoing through the labyrinthine alleys, as they tried to shake off their pursuers.

'We have two enforcers on our tail, they are coming at us harder than expected! We need assistance!'

The gang's leader requested for support with cold sweat dripping on his back after hearing the faraway hum of unfamiliar motorcycles.

He was paid handsomely by one of their VIP clients to create some chaos in the market and escape with his gang.

Since they were professional riders and used to live in the underground and run criminal activities, none of them felt scared of being apprehended.

That's how much they trusted in their own skills and they actually back it up.

Alas, if it was any other law enforcer, they might have gotten away easily, but not from these two monsters!

They were right on their tails, their competitive spirits ignited by the chase and the promise of points based on their performance.

With a cold smirk, Nebula accelerated her bike, which responded with an ethereal glow, "Bet I nab them before you, Traveler!"

"Give it your best."

Felix retorted indifferently, swerving his bike expertly around a tight bend, nearly grazing the walls.

"Dodge this!"Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The instant he appeared in the next alley, one of the criminals threw a sparkling grenade behind, which exploded into a cloud of disorienting mist!

Nebula, anticipating the move, ascended her bike just in time, hovering above the mist, while Felix swerved into a side alley to avoid it.

'Split up!!'

Using the labyrinth to their advantage, the criminals split up, each taking a different alley.

Felix and Nebula quickly communicated telepathically, deciding to split up too.

'I've got the one on the right!' Felix said.

Nebula, focusing on her target, replied, "Left one's mine.'

They might seem like enemies and fought each time they met, but it didn't mean that they would sabotage each other by chasing the same target and leaving the other two to escape.

At the end of the day, their performance would be judged by their own captains, and if they heard about any foul play between them, none of them would like the result.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The alleys became a dizzying blur of lights and shades as both Felix and Nebula skillfully navigated through them.

'He will show up in the sixth line if he keeps the same pace.'

Felix, relying on his innate sense of direction, predicted his target's next move and went around to intercept him.

As he anticipated, his target burst through the sixth line with a swift slide across the wall. Alas, he didn't expect Felix to be already waiting for him there.

"Vibration shockwave."

He unleashed a powerful vibration shockwave at the biker, causing him to lose balance and crash into a big garbage bin while the bike went to the other side.

Almost immediately, the criminal used his ethereal form, wanting to escape through the buildings.

Alas, Felix predicted as much and whipped him using the shimmering light chain, entangling around him akin to a snake.

The chain was capable of holding into ethereal or physical forms, which was one of the reasons many criminals get easily caught.

"You..."

Zzzzzzz!!

Felix zapped him with full power until white appeared in his eyes, causing him to drop to the ground akin to a lifeless corpse.

Felix swiftly used a similar handcuffs to the light chain and threw him inside the bin.

"Stay here for a while."

Then, he took off in the direction of the last one.

Meanwhile, Nebula employed her spacetime abilities to disorient her quarry, making him believe he was heading at full speed, but in reality, he was crawling in the air.

By the time he realized, it was already too late and he suffered from the same fate as his partner.

'Boys? Boys! Respond!'

The remaining criminal was the gang's leader and his expression was nothing but relieved after realizing that his two gangmates were caught.

'I have to get out of here! This is getting too risky for my liking.'

Vrmmm!!!

He increased his speed to the limit and started doing some crazy moves in the alleys to pull as much distance as possible from his pursuers.

Alas, just as he was about to leave the central alleys and emerge on the outskirts of the city,

Two light chains flew from the sky and caught him by the neck and torso, leaving him hanging in the air akin to a suicidal chicken.

"Let go, I caught him first."

"No wonder you use glasses in the spirit realm, you sure as blind as a bat." Ravager snorted at her request while tightening his hold over the light chain.

"Resorting to insults? How crude." Seraphel remarked in displeasure while also maintaining her grip on the gang's leader.

Both of them were pulling in different directions, causing the gang leader's eyes to pop out of his head as he was being choked by Ravager's chain.

With a deathly purple face covered by his mask, he beseeched, "I...Surren..der...Le...t...Go...I am...Dying..."

Alas, his husky voice was surrounded by the noise of the roaring motors and the argument of those two.

"Let go."

"He is mine!"

"I have caught him first and have it in recording!"

"So do I."

"I...Am...Losing...It"

With one final breath and foam all over his mouth, the gang's leader fainted and remained hanging in the air akin to a pinata...