Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1467 Hindering The Investigation.

?1467 Hindering The Investigation.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

A few moments later, Felix and Nebula arrived at the scene and witnessed their partners quarreling over the ownership of the leader's capture.

Naturally, they went to back their partners.

"How shameless, trying to steal our target in broad daylight." Nebula warned, "Let go or we will report this to the higher-ups."

"Be my guest." Felix replied calmly.

"There are other targets on the loose, we are wasting time like this and will be punished." Seraphel tried to scare them, "Based on your low cases success rate compared to us, who do you think will be punished more?"

Felix ignored her threat and glanced in the direction of Nebula.

When he noticed that she wasn't carrying any criminal, he smiled coldly and said telepathically. 'Ravager, don't let go.'

Then, he turned around and sped away inside the Labyrinth of alleys.

"Hmm?"

"Where did he go?"

Both Selaphel and Nebula were left surprised and confused for a short moment before it clicked in Selaphel's mind.

"Nebula! He is aiming at your target! Chase him!"

The moment Nebula heard this, her expression turned for the worst and she gave chase at her fastest speed.

Alas, she didn't consider that Felix would be shameless enough to try and steal her criminal, so she didn't hide him properly.

Felix managed to find him easily by tracing back her trail. Without slowing his speed for a moment, he picked him up from the ground and threw him in the back of his motorcycle!

"Agh!!! You shameless prick!" Nebula was left even more furious after seeing this scene. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Knowing that Felix's original target must be somewhere here too, she kept chasing after Felix wanting to steal him too.

Too bad, Felix was smarter than that and he led her away from his hidden criminal in the bin. Meanwhile, he informed Ravager about his location and told him to give up on his target and pick up the secured one.

'On it.'

With a faint snicker, Ravager released his light chain, causing the leader to fly in the direction of Seraphel due to the build-up pressure.

While she was fumbling to catch him in the air, he had already taken off to the location.

'Ravager is going after their apprehended target!' Seraphel informed her partner.

Alas, there was nothing Nebula could do about it as she was taken quite a decent distance from the location.

In the end, Ravager secured the criminal and regrouped with Felix outside of the labyrinth of alleys.

"You thieving f*ckers! This isn't the end of this." Nebula gritted her teeth as she watched them head back to their squad.

She wanted to stop them and retrieve her prey, but she couldn't touch them or harm them as it was against the rules.

Felix and Ravager ignored her murderous intent and continued on their journey unhindered.

Too bad, while their plan was quite intelligent, it didn't really work too much in their favor.

Unbeknownst to them, they had given up on the gang's leader for two gang members and the leader always had more worth to him.

Well, they couldn't really be blamed since all gang members were covered up from top to bottom and there was no way of knowing their identities unless they got exposed.

...

Sometime later...

"Good work, We have managed to capture seven of the gang members. It's unfortunate that the rest have gotten away, but they can't hide forever."

Inspector Nolvar disclosed with a solemn tone as he stood in front of more than forty law enforcers.

"Those gangs have always been a nuisance to the heavenly plane, but none of them dared to be as bold as today. So, we are going to set an example for the rest by using them." Inspector Nolvar ordered, "Captain Charleson, continue on your duties and close this case by capturing all of the involved suspects. You have permission to label them as fugitives and utilize the wide search system."

Captain Charleson remained silent for a moment before proclaiming out loud, "Understood."

While the other squads and their captains were showing envious looks at such a great opportunity falling in Captain Charleson's hands, he and his squad had a bad taste in their mouths.

'This isn't an opportunity, this is a blatant hindrance to our investigations of the fallen organization.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly.

He understood that Captain Charleson wouldn't be able to prioritize the investigation before he concluded this case first since he was given all the assets possible.

If he failed to close it in a decent period of time, his reputation would take a massive hit and his credit score might even get lowered.

The worst part, he couldn't search for the seller anymore since it would seem like the assets allocated to him were being misused for individual cases.

'He sure cabled our hands.' Ravager eyed Inspector Nolvar.

Uncaring about their reactions, Inspector Nolvar turned around and left.

The captains approached Captain Charleson and congratulated him on the case acceptance, knowing that if he managed to capture the entire gang, his credits would increase substantially.

Then, they took off too.

"Traveler, your luck won't last forever." Nebula took a jab at Felix with an irritated tone before following after her captain.

Felix ignored her and walked with his squad back to their office...They were discussing the situation telepathically.

'Captain, what's our next move?' Nidam inquired, 'The seller is gone and our request to put him in the system will be denied 100%.'

The wide search system was used for fugitives as it forced everyone, whether a law enforcer or a citizen to keep an eye on the fugitives and report to the authorities the moment any lead was discovered.

In addition, the companies were banned from serving and helping the fugitives and if they dared to ignore the law, the department had every right to confiscate their entire business.

So, no one dared to protect the fugitives and in the same manner, criminals kept their crimes on the low to avoid getting flagged like this.

'If this gang was hired by them, then, they will make sure to keep them updated about our movements and waste our time in a meaningless chase.' Captain Charleson stated.

'Meaningless or not, we still have to do it.' Hazel sighed.

'Captain, our problem is lack of manpower, How about we inform reliable captains about the case and include them?' Ravager suggested, 'At this point, the credit isn't worth fighting this all by ourselves when we have the inspector trying to sabotage us.'

'Your idea is good, but it's not the best.' Captain Charleson shook his head, 'Not everyone is like me, who will dare ignore an order from a superior. I have no interest in begging anyone to help out.'

Captain Charleson had a great sense of justice and honor, which was one of the main reasons he was still committed to this even after all of this.

But the same couldn't be uttered about the majority of the captains. Some couldn't care less and wanted nothing but to increase their ranks and some would rather avoid putting themselves in such a sticky position with the higher-ups.

'How about an external help?' Felix offered, 'I have been working under Miss Sanae's bureau and she is an amazing detective. We can outsource her bureau and I am certain her expertise will come in handy.'

'Miss Sanae? Hmm...' Captain Charleson thought about it carefully.

Felix always wanted to add Miss Sanae to this case, so she could introduce the fallen organization's information to the squad without needing him.

If he brought it out on his own, it would seem like he was gunning at them from the start and Felix didn't want to leave such an impression since it would seem somewhat of a personal agenda.

'I disagree, that crazy witch will bring more mess than help.' Hazel was the first to reject.

'She has a sort of a bad reputation and I believe most of her proof will come illegally, which is useless to us.' Nidam supported.

Captain Charleson listened to their inputs and remained silent for a couple of minutes.

After arriving at the office, he turned around and ordered Felix, 'Contact her in private and set up a hiring deal. At this point, we can use some shady investigators when dealing with traitors.'

'On it.' Felix nodded.