Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1468 A New Target! A New Opportunity!

?1468 A New Target! A New Opportunity!

Meanwhile, Miss Sanae was seen chilling on the balcony with a bag of golden crystals in her arm, counting each one with a relaxed expression.

"Ahh, money sure is nice." She murmured while watching the sunset.

Vrrrrr...

Suddenly, her device vibrated...When she saw the caller's identity, a wide grin broke on her face.

"It's about time."

...

Half an hour later...

Miss Sanae entered the premises of the law enforcement department while wearing a consultant badge, allowing her limited access to the building.

Felix was leading her to the office after striking a swift recruitment deal. Both of them already discussed the details before it even happened, so it didn't take much time.

After arriving at the office and a couple of pleasantries between her and the squad, they got straight into the heart of the issue.

"I believe Traveler has already updated you on the situation." Captain Charleson requested, "Your intake on the matter is highly needed."

"First of all, the details of the case resembled greatly one of mine."

"Hmm?"

"What do you mean?"

Miss Sanae took a deep breath and began narrating everything related to the fallen specters organization, leaving them at the end with widened pupils and hearts beating rapidly in agitation.

"Erasing memories is nothing but a side effect...The real crime is the fact those 'fallen' specters can't get kicked out of the heavenly plane even if their brightness score reached zero." Captain Charleson tightened his fists, "No wonder things are kept secret for such a long time, many spirits must have accepted the transformation process willingly due to their desperation, having no clue that they would live their lives akin to obedient machines." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

If those spirits were kidnapped, there were bound to be missing alerts or such in due time. But, when they were willingly giving themselves off, how could the law enforcers know or interfere?

"It's much worse than that." Miss Sanae shared, "I believe a powerful nobleman is the head of the entire organization. I don't know his purpose yet, but it can't be good."

"A noble...Only governmental officers above wardens in authority were able to purchase enough territory to be called a noble." Hazel took a deep breath, "So, the inspector isn't even the end boss."

"The Fallen Specters organization is believed to have existed for decades now and for it to remain secret for such a long time only implies a deep connection with all sectors of the government, not just the law enforcement department." Miss Sanae informed.

"Do you have information about the identities of those entities?" Captain Charleson asked.

"Not a clue." Miss Sanae shook her head, "They are hidden way too deep."

"If what you are saying is right, then no one from the government can be trusted with such information," Nidam said with a stern expression.

"That's self-explanatory."

Everyone seemed more serious than ever as this scenario made them feel like they were going against the government instead of an organization. It was way scarier to be the enemy of the government with the kind of authority it possessed.

"Enough stressing over this. Let's do what we can and the rest will be covered by itself." Captain Charleson said, "For now, I will take care of the gang's case with Hazel while the rest of you return to working on the past victims' backgrounds."

"We need any leads we get now that Quillon is out."

Captain Charleson was certain that there would be more similar cases falling over his lap the moment he concluded this one to keep him away from touching the seller.

So, he could only give up on him for now and focus on other leads.

"I think I have a lead."

Suddenly, Ravager spoke up with a suppressed tone...His fists were tightened and his expression didn't seem too well.

When everyone noticed this, they remained silent and waited for him to speak. Instead, Ravager used his crystal device to show a holographic image of a young woman with strikingly familiar features.

Her eyes, however, were vacant, devoid of the spark that typically characterized living spirits.

"This," Ravager began, his voice slightly quivering, "is Massia."

He paused, collecting himself before continuing, "My sister."

A murmur of surprise rippled across the room. None had known about this part of Ravager's past.

"She disappeared years ago after our separation and ever since then I have been trying to find her." Ravager continued, "It didn't take me long to find out that she was a servant under Atticus."

"I approached him for a trade, but he struck a deal with me to win him the heavenly plane's tournament to hand her over. I worked my ass off to make it happen." Ravager clenched his fist, anger apparent in his eyes, "And when I did it, he handed me this unrecognizable version of my little sister."

'No wonder.'

It all clicked in Felix's mind after hearing Ravager's side of the story...He always had a feeling that Ravager was hiding something, but he didn't think it would be like this.

Captain Charleson leaned forward, "And you believe she's fallen?"

Ravager nodded, "I do. The symptoms match. The memory loss, the vacant look, the absolute obedience. It's all there."

The room fell silent as the gravity of Ravager's revelation settled in. Here they were, investigating the fallen, and one of their own had a deeply personal connection to the case.

"I know that the protocol is to put me aside from the case due to my personal involvement, but I beg you to use me." Ravager said with a fire burning in his eyes, "I will not rest until the perpetrators serve justice and Atticus is merely the start."

Captain Charleson remained silent for a moment. Then, he sighed, "First of all, I am deeply sorry for what happened to your little sister. I believe that if it wasn't for our desperation to find a lead, you wouldn't have opened up. So, I will keep you around, but you must give me your word that you won't let your emotions get the best of you. We can't afford to make mistakes."

"I am more involved in this than anyone, so don't worry." Ravager uttered coldly, "I will never do anything to jeopardize the case."

"Good." Captain Charleson's expression suddenly switched to solemn. "Thanks to you, we have a new target. Atticus is considered a powerful businessman in the city and he has a decent network and connections with the government. So, it won't be easy to find a lead through him."

Soon, he smirked coldly, "Fortunately, just like any other businessman, he has many shady illegal deals and we just need to use them to our advantage."

"If we manage to succeed, he will most definitely give us a big name in the corrupted spirits organization as there is no way he will be treated in the same manner as other buyers," Nidam added.

"Exactly."

"So, the plan for now is simple." Captain Charleson ordered, "Me and Hazel will handle the gang and other new cases thrown at us while you guys try your best to find a way to make Atticus cough up his seller's identity."

"As long as we catch a single seller, the entire organization will fall apart akin to dominos." Captain Charleson uttered, his eyes filled with conviction.

There was a reason why Inspector Nolvar and his people were worried about Quillon falling into their hands.

The law enforcement department had plenty of ways to extract information from criminals and not even inspector Nolvar could stop them from doing their job if they caught one!

"Move out."