Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1471 Caught Red-Handed!

1471 Caught Red-Handed!

A couple of days later...

Inside a plush private room of a high-end restaurant, the sounds of a string quartet playing softly could be heard. Crystal chandeliers hung above, casting a soft glow on the luxurious decor.

Jonathan sat confidently, glaring across the marble-

topped table at Mr. Atticus.

Mr. Atticus, ever the picture of sophistication, poured himself a glass of wine from a bottle perched on the table, his fingers adorned with multiple gold rings.

"I trust you've reconsidered my offer," Mr. Atticus began, swirling the wine in his glass, a faint smug expression playing on his face.

Jonathan's eyes flashed with anger. "You think by destroying my land, you could force me into selling? You've got another thing coming, Atticus. That land means more to me than you can fathom. Even if every blade of grass on it withers, I won't sell it to the likes of you!"

Mr. Atticus leaned forward, his face inches from Jonathan's, the smile vanishing. "First of all, I have done nothing to your land, so keep your false allegations to yourself. Secondly, I am merely here to do you a favor, not the other way around."

"Heh, you think anyone would want to get anywhere on your land in its current state? You must be out of your mind." He sneered.

Jonathan leaned in as well, their faces almost touching. "I know what you did. And I will make sure you pay for it."

Pulling back, Mr. Atticus sighed, feigning disappointment. "What a pity, Mr. Jonathan. I was hoping we could come to a mutually beneficial agreement."

"Beneficial?! I will show you beneficial. Just you wait, I ain't dropping this."

"We will see about that."

Mr. Atticus turned on his heel and left the restaurant, not wanting to waste any more of his breath.

After he returned to his car, he reached out to his assistant again and updated him on the situation.

"Do we wait until his anger subsides? He will sell it sooner or later as he can't afford to pay taxes on a useless piece of land." The assistant said.

"I don't plan on staying here for long, so no." Mr. Atticus ordered coldly, "Release the beasts."

The assistant remained quiet for a few moments...Then, with a heavy breath, he replied. "Consider it done."

He wanted to talk him out of his decision, but he understood his boss' personality.

Meanwhile, at a faraway distance, Felix could be seen sitting in a different cafe while having a journal covering his face.

While he seemed engrossed in the news, in reality, his ears were zoned on the conversation between Mr. Atticus and his assistant.

He had mastered the eavesdropping ability to the point, that he could easily zone out all other noises and focus on a single vibrational sound wave across kilometers of distance!

'Release the beasts? How far is he planning to go?' Felix frowned.

He wasn't pleased in the slightest with the current development. After all, the plot of land belonged to Elder Kraken and the fact he allowed it to get poisoned was already rude on so many levels.

Felix had no interest in letting beasts cause a mess as well. As for the reasoning?

He figured out that if beasts invaded the land, it would force Jonathan to hand it over to the government until the situation was resolved.

Mr. Atticus must definitely have contacts that would allow him to use a loophole and snatch the territory before Jonathan could claim it back.

Not wanting to find out, he grouped up with his squad and they readied to make their move after the assistant brought the beasts to the territory.

It was the best window to catch them red-handed in the act.

***

Many days later...

The night was draped in a cloak of darkness, broken only by the sliver of a crescent moon above.

Along the border of Jonathan's land, an eerie silence hung in the air, but the faint, distant sounds of nocturnal creatures could be heard.

Concealed behind thick shrubs, Felix and his squad waited in ambush. They were equipped with night vision goggles that gave the landscape an ethereal green glow.

They have been camping here ever since Felix heard about the beasts' invasion. Trusting that Mr. Atticus' assistant would have to come personally to oversee the operation, they set up an ambush in all directions.

Soon, the soft crunch of gravel sounded from a distance. A moment later, the silhouette of a truck, barely visible in the dim light, approached the territory.

The back of the truck was covered, but an occasional muffed growl or roar escaped from within, hinting at its dangerous cargo.

As expected, Mr. Atticus' assistant stepped out from the driver's seat. He approached the back of the truck cautiously and began to unlock the doors.

'Ready, team,' Nidam uttered telepathically.

As the assistant swung the doors open, Nidam emerged from the shadows with an authoritative shout, "LAW ENFORCEMENT! YOU'RE UNDER ARREST!"

'How?!'

The assistant's face turned ashen as he realized he'd been caught in the act!

He wasn't stupid to not assume that Jonathan might have prepared defensive measures in his territory after it was poisoned.

So, he made his people keep an eye over him to see if he would go to the law enforcement office or hire a private security team. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

When he saw that nothing of such sort happened, he kicked off his plan in the depths of the night.

Alas, he had no clue that they were being watched ever since they stepped inside the city.

"GO!"

In a desperate move, he slapped a button on a remote in his hand. Suddenly, alarms blared from the truck, and its rear doors flew open fully, releasing a horde of ethereal beasts that began to scatter in every direction!

"Contain them!" Ravager yelled, hurling water nets toward the beasts. Even Nidam was forced to utilize his shadows to capture the approaching beasts in his direction.

The assistant, seeing his chance amidst the chaos, tried to slip away but found his path blocked by Felix.

"Not so fast." Felix uttered unconcernedly as he used his overpowered telekinesis to pressure the assistant onto the floor.

However, the assistant wasn't a nobody.

He acted as if the pressure had gotten into him to lower Felix's guard, and when he noticed that Felix's tensed shoulders relaxed a bit, a hidden glint appeared in his eyes.

Whoosh!

He exploded from the ground in an instant and charged at Felix with his palms covered in sharp icy claws.

The assault was so instantaneous, that the others barely managed to glance in their direction before noticing that the icy claw was a mere inch away from Felix's neck!

Slice!

In a fluid motion, he swung at Felix, leaving a thin gash along the curve of his neck. Crimson drops splashed onto the grayed plants, gleaming under the pale moonlight.

The surrounding shadows seemed to stir with unrest, but Felix remained still, a smirk crossing his lips. "Expected more from Atticus' right hand."

With widened eyes, the assistant whispered with disbelief, "You...Know, you let me do that."

Felix dabbed at his neck, observing the blood with a clinical detachment. "Now, you're not just involved in land disputes. You've committed an attempt on a state official. Not even Atticus can save you."

Before the assistant could react, Felix appeared behind him akin to a ghost, and struck him in the back of his head, sending a silent vibration wave that disrupted his brain waves and caused him to lose consciousness instantly.

"Traveler..."

As they watched Felix handcuff Mr. Atticus' assistant with a flood of blood dripping down his neck, every one of them felt a sudden chill course down their spine.

His unsettling calmness in such a situation was too creepy even for them...