Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1472 Confronting Mr.Atticus.

1472 Confronting Mr.Atticus.

Sometime later...

Mr. Atticus received a sudden call while he was doing some cardio in bed with two green-skinned beauties.

'Must be him.'

He thought it was his assistant calling to inform him about the success of the mission. So, he pulled out his sword, causing one of the girls to release a lewd moan before walking fully nude towards his device, which was sitting on the counter.

After seeing his assistant's name on the screen, he smiled faintly and picked up the call.

"How did it go? Were my babies well-behaved?"

"They were a bit rowdy, so we gave them a tranquilizer to quieten them down." Miss Sanae's voice came from the other end of the call, causing Mr. Atticus' sword to go soft almost instantly.

"Who are you?" He asked coldly.

"You will find out if you come to this location in the next half an hour alone. Oh, don't try anything silly, we have more than just your assistant."

Peeep!

The call was hung up immediately, leaving Mr. Atticus standing silently with his head lowered. The girls on the bed remained as quiet as mice, their blood going cold from fear.

They knew that when Mr. Atticus lost his temper, he vented on anything or anyone near him.

Fortunately for them, Mr. Atticus had no time to waste on his emotions.

He suppressed whatever was within him and got himself clothed. Then, he took off towards the location given to him fearlessly.

He acted like this only because the location was a public cafe in the city's center.

...

Sometime later...

Mr. Atticus found himself in a private closed-off room with Miss Sanae facing him.

"I had a feeling I recognized such an obnoxious voice, still, I didn't think it would be really you." Mr. Atticus said coldly.

"Kikiki, it's a pleasure to see you too." Miss Sanae chuckled.

"Where is my assistant and why is he in your possession?" He skipped straight to the crux of the problem.

"Your assistant is in quite a big mess. In fact, I can confidently say that he has put you in a much bigger mess than you can imagine."

The moment Miss Sanae finished her statement, she played the recordings of the assistant poisoning the land and attempting to release beasts on it.

Mr. Atticus' heart skipped a beat after seeing his right-

handed man getting caught red-handed carrying his deeds.

Still, not an ounce of emotion was shown on his face.

"Why are you showing videos of a stranger?" Mr. Atticus said calmly after noticing that his assistant was wearing a face cover.

"There is no use in acting smart and denying your relation to this." Miss Sanae shook her head as she showed a new video of the assistant assaulting Felix...This time, his face was on full display.

While Felix's face wasn't shown, his outfit was, causing Mr. Atticus' expression to turn ugly immediately.

He understood the horrible consequences of assaulting a law enforcer and getting caught during it.

Mr. Atticus had no clue that his assistant was baited by Felix and during that exact moment, he really thought he had a chance of escaping their encirclement.

"This is all we need to make all the law enforcement departments across the realm join hands to investigate even the tiniest dirt particle under your fingernail." Miss Sanae smiled. "So, are you interested in a conversation now or you will keep acting ignorant?"

After a few moments of silence, Mr. Atticus asked with an icy tone, "What do you want?"

He knew that this must be unrelated to money since the law enforcers were involved and rarely did any of them accept bribes due to the massive risk involved.

"First, sign this."

Miss Sanae forwarded an NDA contract to ensure that their conversation would remain here.

Mr. Atticus signed it after a quick read, also wanting to keep this situation as private as possible.

"Now listen." Miss Sanae's smile faded away. "We know about the Fallen Specters' Organization and how you're one of their clients."

Just as Mr. Atticus wanted to react, she placed a finger in front and said, "Don't bother denying it. We have Ravager's little sister under us and based on our investigations, she is a fallen." 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"We also know you have told Ravager that you bought her in her current condition, so you can't weasel your way out of this."

Miss Sanae leaned closer, her eyes as serious as ever.

"We don't want you, we want the seller you bought her from and we are certain that a client as big as you are being handled by a bigger fish in the organization."

After she finished her piece, she leaned back in her chair and waited for Mr. Atticus to process the information.

'Are they finally on to them? No wonder the negotiation was left to be handled by this witch. The law enforcers on the case want to keep their identities private until they are certain I am on their side.' Mr. Atticus thought to himself with a deep frown.

He understood that if he was met with a law enforcer, there was no way it could be in a private setting like this.

It was illegal and he could even sue the law enforcer for it, causing their entire case to collapse.

So, Miss Sanae was used as the lead in such 'illegal activities' and thankfully, she was more than dependable.

'Did Ravager sell me out for the sake of revenge or he is actively participating in the case?'

Right now, Mr. Atticus was certain about one thing and that was Ravager's involvement.

After all, he was the only one who knew about the fallen specter under him besides his servants.

'He sure came for revenge sooner than anticipated.'

Mr. Atticus showed an irked expression...He believed that Ravager would have no way to get him since he did everything by the book.

Alas, he didn't consider that he would team up with Felix who was involved heavily in the fallen specters case, which allowed him to make the connection.

"What's your response, will it be you and your empire that you have worked insanely hard for, or some seller in a criminal organization?" Miss Sanae pressured him after seeing that he remained silent for too long.

"The answer is me and always will be me." Mr. Atticus sneered, "But, that doesn't mean I will hand over the seller on a silver platter. You fools have no clue what you are messing with and the grim consequences awaiting you if you dared go any further."

"We want a name and a witness confession, not a warning." Miss Sanae said calmly, "Are you with us or not?"

"It's your funeral." Mr. Atticus shrugged, "Put me on the witness protection program and I am all yours."

Mr. Atticus had no plans to risk the fall of his business empire over protecting the fallen Specters organization...If only the evidence against him was little, he might have taken a chance, but with the videos in their hands? He wasn't that foolish.

"Heh, by the way, did Ravager agree to this?" Mr. Atticus showed a mocking smile.

"That's none of your concern."

Miss Sanae presented an already signed agreement by Captain Charleson to Mr. Atticus. He laughed in amusement and glanced at the contract details.

When he saw that all the terms would ensure that nothing would happen to both his business and life if he voided any previous binding to assist with this case, he signed it immediately.

With that, he also ensured that not even Ravager could get to him through anything related to this case, which was the reason he asked for his confirmation.

The moment the contract was signed, Felix and the rest of the squad entered the private room wearing casual clothes.

"Will you look at that, I was just asking about you." Mr. Atticus smiled the moment his eyes landed on Ravager.

Ravager gave him a deadly look for a moment before his expression returned to normal, refusing to get triggered.

He knew that the instant he allowed his personal feelings to get in the way of investigation, he would be taken off instantly.

Which was the reason he hadn't said anything about offering witness protection to Mr. Atticus even though it made him sick to his stomach.

"Tell us what we need to know or refrain from opening your filthy mouth again." Nidam uttered coldly while lighting up a cigarette, not caring about the no smoking sign in the room.

With Mr. Atticus being in their program, they were putting their entire career in his hands and if the information in his possession wasn't useful, it wouldn't end well for them.

So, he was a bit on the edge.

"I doubt any of you can handle what I know, but screw it." Mr. Atticus leaned in with a solemn expression and said, "Your objective is none other than the public's favorite politician, the Dark Spirits Warden, Sharky."

'It can't be.' Felix's pulse skipped a beat the instant he heard the name.

"He was the one presenting me to the fallen specters and offering for sale me this moron's little sister."