Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1473 A Night Raid!

1473 A Night Raid!

Ravager, Miss Sanae, and Nidam's expressions were a mix of shock, disbelief, and anger.

Ravager clenched his fists, his knuckles turning white. "I always respected him for the work he does for the low-

class spirits, but this? He's a warden, for heavens' sake! He's supposed to protect the citizens, not be a part of its underbelly!"

Nidam shook his head in dismay. "I have interacted with him so many times and even attended his seminars. It's hard to believe someone you've looked up to can be this... corrupted."

Miss Sanae's eyes flickered with anger, their usual calm replaced by a storm. "I knew that the organization had a far reach in the government, but this is getting ridiculous. This makes our job so much harder, considering the influence he has."

Felix leaned against the table, rubbing his temples. His thought process was vastly different than theirs.

'Elder Carbuncle, is this why you wanted me to become a law enforcer? Is this why you said that I need to be careful?'

Felix understood that Carbuncle had eyes all over the place, watching and documenting everything since the day he had gotten his scribe's title.

He figured that he watched his wife get abused or something, but now, he started to realize that the situation must be much worse than that.

'It can't be that his wife has been turned into a fallen specter.'

When he recalled how fallen specters become after the transformation, he couldn't imagine how was Carbuncle still holding his sanity...

"I know, shocking right?" Mr. Atticus continued on, "But when I studied the scale of the organization, I realized that he is still a mere member and the leader must be someone above him in rank. So, you are still interested in taking them down?"

"We already knew about that, stop trying to discourage us and spit everything you discussed with Sharky." Nidam ordered with a stern tone, "Don't miss a single detail, everything will be used in court when we bring him in."

"Fine." Mr. Atticus shrugged and began narrating, "He approached me at a party many years ago and told me that he had noticed my lack of trusted servants to continue my empire's expansion. So, he introduced me to the perfect 'product'. Fallen Specters."

"They don't need Lumus, significance they never pose a risk of being banished. They're obedient, almost robotically so. It's like their will has been stripped away. And the best part," Mr. Atticus added with a somewhat excited tone, "They don't register in the system. So you can have as many as you want, bypassing the servant limit."

The last line alone was enough to make them understand that many companies would do everything in their power to buy them in bulk.

After all, there was no such thing as a free agent in the spirit realm...If you want to work for someone, you have to be his servant or the servant of his servant.

In this manner, all spirits would be connected one way or another and run their tasks with the law on their side.

But, the fallen specters were outside of the equation since they had no desire to protect their rights by becoming a legitimate servant.

In other words, as long as their needs were met, they were the perfect workers.

"I knew it was too good to be true, so I told him to give me just one for a trial run." Mr. Atticus chuckled as he glanced at Ravager. "You know who it was."

"Knowing your nature, after the trial run, you must have wanted to buy more." Miss Sanae changed the subject quickly, "I assume you reached out to Sharky and set up a deal?"

"Indeed, I have purchased an additional ten from him months ago." Mr. Atticus confessed truthfully.

Since he was in the witness protection program, it meant that he had already betrayed the Fallen Specters Organization. Instead of playing both sides and withholding information, it was best to do everything in his power to take them down.

In this way, he wouldn't have them as enemies later on if the case fell through and they survived it.

As for his crimes, he was protected from everything related to this case the moment he became a main witness.

"Do you have any proof for the sale going through?" Miss Sanae asked.

"Of course, I have the transactions in paper and even video recordings showing the deals going through, plus the delivery of the fallen specters by Sharky's people." Mr. Atticus smiled, "I have everything to take him down, I will be honestly astonished if you botched the case."

"Just give us everything and be ready when we call you to testify in the court." Nidam said coldly, "We will handle the rest."

"I wish you all the luck in the realm." Mr. Atticus stood up as he affixed his suit, planning to take his leave.

When he arrived at the door, Ravager blocked him and leaned closer to his ear. Then, he whispered with a suppressed tone. "Sooner or later, your will cast into the depth of the spirit realm to wander for eternity...I will make sure of it."

"Good luck to you too." Mr. Atticus laughed in amusement and walked away, not too bothered by his threat.

Just as he was about to leave the room, he reminded them. "I expect my assistant to be in my office by the end of the day."

With that, he took off.

Felix and the others glanced at each other for a moment before Nidam spoke. "We have our main witness and even evidence enough to put Sharky away for a long time. Let's not mess it up and bring the whole organization down with him."

Everyone nodded in understanding with serious expressions.

The exposure of Sharky made them understand that the organization might have many more governmental officials hidden. If they wanted this to be considered as a real win, all of them needed to be weeded out.

As for Mr. Atticus? They weren't worried about him ratting them to the organization or giving them false information.

If the fallen organization was scary, the law enforcement department was a hundred times scarier...Any smart man would rather screw anyone but them.

...

A couple of days later...Near Sharky's Mansion in the Northern District...

The moonlight bathed the grand estate in a cold, silvery glow...As the clock tower chimed midnight, shadows began to move in synchrony, advancing towards Sharky's mansion.

The mansion, known for its magnificence and opulence, now stood as the lair of a criminal.

Captain Charleson's squad, cloaked in the night, moved swiftly and silently...They formed a perimeter around the estate, ensuring no escape.

With a nod from Captain Charleson, Felix walked to the grand entrance and blew it wide open with a single vibratory punch!

"LAW ENFORCEMENT! EVERYONE IS UNDER ARREST! DON'T NOT RESIST!" I REPEAT DO NOT RESIST!"

As the dust settled, Captain Charleson shouted as he stormed in with his team, their presence announcing an impending doom for those inside!

"Law enforcers?!"

"We are being raided!"

"Call the master!"

The servants and guards were thrown into utter confusion at the sudden raid, having absolutely no idea how to behave or react!

The guards were taught to protect the estate from invaders, but these weren't any invaders, making them understand that if they dared resist or harm a law enforcer, their judgment would be separated from their master!

Still, some of them decided to make a run for it out of fear.

Lights flashed as Hazel and the others summoned ethereal chains, securing any servant or subordinate who dared to not comply. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The scene inside was chaotic: servants in their night robes, confused and frightened, subordinates reaching for hidden weapons only to be frozen at the consequences of retaliation.

"What's with this ruckus?"

Sharky roused from his sleep with a muddled look and stepped out of his room in an elegant night robe...His face, usually composed, displayed a hint of surprise and anger at the sight of his people getting arrested in the heart of his territory.

"What's the significance of this?" he bellowed, as Felix and Ravager moved to restrain him.

Captain Charleson stepped forward, his demeanor stern. "Sharky, you are under arrest for trafficking spirits, unlawful alteration of their physical and ethereal forms, and countless other crimes."

Sharky's eyes widened in disbelief, attempting to shake off the hands on him. "You can't be serious! I insist upon an explanation!"

Ravager, holding a stack of evidence, tossed it onto a table nearby. Photographs, documents, and transcripts from covert operations spread out.

"There's your explanation," he sneered coldly.