Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1476 The Walk of Shame.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Felix's thought process was cut off shortly after picking up many vibrational waves from above.

'Looks like reinforcement has arrived.' Felix glanced at the dark gemstone for a moment and left it in its place, not daring to steal evidence.

Since he was on the case, he had access to them anyway, so there was no need to take one.

Soon, the captains and their squads entered the dungeon and began surveying the hall with solemn looks.

Felix and Ravager dropped whatever they were doing and went forward...They saluted the captains respectfully and Felix allowed Ravager to update them.

"We have freed all the spirits from the dungeon, the only thing remaining are those machines and the peculiar gemstones in them."

"Great work." Captain Frederick gave them a pleased look and ordered. "We will take it from here, you should rejoin with your captain in the station."

"Understood."

Felix and Ravager didn't argue back and took off, not bothering to even glance at Selaphel and Nebula's direction.

'This is too dangerous for us...Catching a respectable warden with such heinous crimes will make this case turn into the trial of the century.' Selaphel narrowed her eyes coldly. 'We have to get a piece of the credit somehow from here if we want to win the qualify...'

'Shut the f*ck up, this isn't the time for this.' Nebula gave her a deathly glare, 'You just heard there is a large organization responsible for turning spirits into slaves across the entire realm and this is all you care about?'

'Are you joining the law enforcement department for merely the sake of status?' Nebula asked with a disgusted tone.

Nebula was considered Carbuncle's student and while she was arrogant and a bit bitchy, it didn't mean that she wasn't kind.

The whole reason she had gotten so strong and worked so hard to join the law enforcement department was to protect the weak and uphold order.

Everything about this case made her skin crawl and she wanted nothing more than to punish the culprits regardless if she would get credits or not.

'You know we can do both?' Selaphel pushed her glasses upward as she left one last remark. 'You can care and win at the same time. If you don't think the same, you will be our downfall in this competition.'

Before Nebula could reply, Captain Rashford ordered them, "Recover the machines and make sure not to damage them."

"Understood!"

***

Ten Minutes Ago...

The clock tower struck midnight, echoing its chimes throughout the streets of the capital. Most would expect the law enforcement department to be quiet at this hour, but tonight was different.

Whispers filled the streets and curious eyes peeked from the shadows, trying to catch a glimpse of the unimaginable scene unfolding.

Captain Charleson walked at the front, his tall figure casting a shadow that stretched across the cobblestone pathway.

Behind him, a procession of handcuffed figures moved in a somber line...But it wasn't the sheer number of prisoners that was shocking—it was the identity of the lead detainee.

Sharky, once a prominent figure in the city, a respectable warden with a mansion that overlooked the capital, now had his hands bound in front of him.

His once proud posture was now slouched, his head lowered, avoiding the piercing gazes of those he once considered his citizens...His fine night robe, which once shone with elegance, was now tarnished with dirt and grime.

'Charleson! You motherf*cker! You will pay for this.' Sharky's lips quivered in anger at the humiliation and shame he was put in.

He knew that Captain Charleson could have kept them on the truck until they entered the department from the garage.

Instead, he let them out near the department's main gate and made them walk behind him in this manner under the public watchful eyes.

"Is that what I think it is?"

"It can't be Lord Sharky, right? He is one of the few pure souls in the government. He can't be arrested."

"It is him...It's really him!"

The citizens' eyes were left utterly stunned as they watched their beloved politician enter the police station akin to a gang boss caught with his subordinates.

Chaos and ruckus began to arise as the news traveled fast and far, causing many concerned and angry citizens to gather near the station's gate.

Even the law enforcers in front of the gate were shocked by the situation, but they cleared the way for Captain Charleson and kept the citizens away from him.

As they reached the courtyard towards the cells, gasps of disbelief echoed from every corner.

Officers halted in their tracks, their faces a canvas of shock and betrayal. Some of the newer recruits whispered amongst themselves, pointing discreetly while others simply stared, unable to comprehend the reality in front of them.

Whispers turned to murmurs, murmurs to discussions. Soon, the news was spreading like wildfire inside the law department.

Suddenly, Inspector Novlar appeared in front of Captain Charleson and his convoy, blocking his path.

"What's the meaning of this, Charleson?"

He asked with a worried and surprised tone, but his heart was filled with inexplicable venom and hatred.

If it was possible, he would have ripped his throat apart. Who could blame him?

He was under the impression that Captain Charleson's squad was working on the case he assigned them...It wasn't like he was stupid to not place eyes on them, but he couldn't even if he wanted to.

Law enforcers were given information on their devices about the identities of any registered spirit near them, which meant if someone chased them for prolonged periods, he would appear on their device multiple times.

Still, he was receiving reports about the case's development through normal channels, and based on the clearance rate, he knew that Captain Charleson and his squad were on it.

Unbeknownst to him, Felix and Miss Sanae were on the case and they were just as smart if not smarter than Captain Charleson!

Just them alone was enough to take down Sharky and expose his operations...Don't even mention having Ravager and Nidam added to the mix.

"I have arrested a criminal." Captain Charleson replied calmly.

"A criminal?" Inspector Nolvar eyed Sharky and said, "I hope you have evidence to convict him...He is a governmental official and you know what happens when we abuse our authority."

"Abuse?" Captain Charleson shook his head, "That's something he was doing, not me."

Before Inspector Nolvar could reply, Captain Charleson stepped forward and expanded multiple holographic screens from his device.

He cleared his throat, silencing the crowd. The weight of the moment was palpable, the gravity undeniable.

"I stand before you all to expose crimes that have tainted the very foundations of our great realm," began Captain Charleson, his voice echoing with authority. "Crimes orchestrated by one of our own."

He pointed at a hologram, revealing photographs of the dungeon under Sharky's mansion, with rows of spirits chained, their bodies bearing signs of prolonged torture. Another showed machines and gadgets used to extract negative energy from spirits.

Another hologram showed Sharky's people loading chained-up spirits into trucks and another hologram displayed Sharky's meeting with Mr. Atticus, discussing the selling of a new batch of fallen spirits.

"The esteemed Warden Sharky," Captain Charleson continued, "is behind a wicked operation that has trafficked, tortured, and exploited spirits for the sole purpose of creating mindless slaves called fallen specters. These acts are not just offenses against the spirits but crimes against the very essence of our realm."

Whispers broke out amongst the officers. Some looked horrified, while others seemed on the brink of anger.

Before Captain Charleson could continue exposing him, Inspector Nolvar stepped forward, his face even grimmer than before.

"The magnitude of these revelations cannot be overstated. We are duty-bound to bring justice to those harmed and ensure that such malevolence never finds root in our realm again!"

"Take those filthy animals to the cells to await for their trials!"

He made a 180-degree switch and only Captain Charleson knew about it. The rest of the officers were seen giving murderous looks at Sharky.

As Sharky walked past Inspector Nolvar, he couldn't help but beseech him telepathically.

'Save me! They have enough to get me kicked from the heavenly plane.'

'Hang in there, I will try to postpone the trial as much as possible.' Inspector Nolvar uttered coldly, 'Don't make any foolish decisions on your own...Trust in the duke and he will take care of this somehow.'