Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1477 Making Sharky Their Scapegoat.

"Tell him to take the fall." Duke Humphrey said calmly.

When Inspector Nolvar visited the duke and reported the whole scenario to him, this was the first thing that came out of his mouth.

He didn't seem enraged, disappointed, or even bothered that his fallen organization was exposed in the open.

One could wonder if he was just too controlling of his emotions or if he really wasn't that bothered.

"I don't think he will agree to that." Orellana uttered with a deep frown.

She and the rest of the four heads joined the meeting through holographic videos the instant they heard the news.

Unlike the duke, all of them felt their hearts chilled at the thought of being caught with Sharky, knowing that expulsion was guaranteed and not even the duke could save them.

"That bastard will definitely take us down with him if we do nothing to help." Marcel cursed.

"I already told him to keep his mouth shut until the trials." Inspector Nolvar knitted his eyebrows, "Charleson will definitely hammer him hard to give up all information he has to bring down the entire organization. He will even tempt him with a deal to save himself from getting kicked out."

All of them showed solemn expressions.

They understood that Captain Charleson was smart enough to target all governmental officials in the organization to purify the realm once and for all instead of just celebrating Sharky's arrest.

Even if he spent his entire life in prison, Sharky would most definitely make this choice if it meant not becoming a wandering spirit again.

As for the rest of the organization? None of them would be offered such a deal even if they came forward after Sharky betrayed them.

This scenario couldn't help but put some bad thoughts in their minds...Thoughts such as, why not step forward and come clean for the sake of their survival instead of leaving their fate at the hands of Sharky.

Just as those thoughts were starting to fester in the minds, Duke Humphrey uttered, "Tell him to confess that he is the mastermind and that no one else is a part of the organization. In addition, he shall confess to multiple hidden places where we store our negativity fuelers and fallen spirits."

"But..."

Duke Humphrey gave Inspector Nolvar an emotionless look and continued on, "We will put Gravus as the prosecutor and Marcel as the judge in his case. With such a confession, you will have a reason to put him in jail without being overly suspicious."

"It's a good idea and I think this is the only way for us to get out of this without too many losses." Gravus agreed.

The others nodded their heads in agreement...Sharky was bound to make a deal to save his own skin from getting kicked out, if so, they might as well make the deal beneficial to them.

Since they were powerful and authoritative officials, it was extremely easy to manipulate the narrative to their side.

"All we have to do is persuade Sharky." Inspector Nolvar narrowed his eyes, "Even though the plan sounds good and beneficial to him, I still have doubts he will agree to take the fall by himself."

No one was that selfless to put the entire blame on his shoulders to cover for his peers in the organization...Especially, when there was no blood relation between them.

"Tell him the plan will commence ahead of schedule." Duke Humphrey shared, causing his subordinates' eyes to widen in shock.

"But, aren't we still far from the target?"

"We have no choice." Gravus shook his head, "Either we go for it now or the ethereal council will find a method to return the fallen back to normal."

"..."

It wasn't like they didn't comprehend what he said, but it still didn't make this scenario any more accepting.

Based on their expansion, the second part of the plan should have taken place in another decade if not more to ensure a 100% success chance.

But now? It was too uncertain if it was going to work out or not.

Inspector Nolvar and the rest didn't dare imagine what would Lord Hades do to them when they failed and got caught.

"This is all because of that little sh*t...The moment he appeared, everything had been falling apart." Inspector Nolvar cursed as he envisioned Felix's face.

Ever since Felix's first day in the heavenly plane, he got entangled with the fallen organization after purchasing Karra and shielding her from them.

While they had no idea how much he was involved in their exposure, the fact that he was part of it in his first year in the heavenly plane made it even harder to stomach.

"Do as I have told you and remain focused." Duke Humphrey said calmly, "Nothing else will matter if we succeed in our plan."

The four heads nodded in understanding and left the meeting to begin their preparation to tackle the trial.

Meanwhile, Duke Humphrey went back to the window in front of his desk and started gazing at the fake stars. His expression was as composed as ever.

However, his hand kept shaking as he reached out inside his robe and tightened his grasp on a small pendant.

It was a symphony of celestial craftsmanship, a true marvel of cosmic design. It was gleaming with a light that seemed to have been woven from the strands of a thousand stars.

The core of the pendant held an intricate celestial orb, a small, condensed replica of a galaxy, slowly rotating with multicolored, luminous nebulae and tiny sparkling stars encapsulated within.

Yet, the most unique thing about it was still the trillion microscopic divine inscriptions written across its entire structure.

As Duke Humphrey caught the pendant, his heart beat fast not out of agitation or fear, but out of absolute reverence and worship.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Then, he closed his eyes and murmured in his mind with a peculiar-sounding language...If Felix heard it, he would have recognized it immediately to be the universal codex!

'O Sovereign, whose voice weaves the celestial symphony, bestow upon me your ethereal whisper and illuminate my being with your boundless wisdom.'

The moment he finished the incarnation, the pendant sprang to life, awakening from its ageless slumber. A sudden and profound silence befell the room, time itself seemed to bow in reverence to the celestial entity.

The tranquil stillness was shattered as a myriad of stars and celestial bodies unfolded around him, expanding and enveloping him within the very essence of the encapsulated galaxy.

It was an ethereal dance of celestial brilliance, a myriad of constellations and nebulas painting the ancient and sacred walls of his office with their stellar radiance.

A luminous crescendo of cosmic light cascaded around him, and, within this symphony of celestial light, two blinding white eyes materialized, emerging from the boundless expanse of the universe.

The eyes, vast and infinite, bore into Duke Humphery's very soul, a celestial gaze transcending the bounds of mortal comprehension.

With a voice echoing the harmonious resonances of the cosmos, the being spoke, "What's the purpose of the call? Haven't I told you to contact me only during an emergency? The pendant can not keep the ever-roaming eyes of Hades away if you keep exhausting its energy."

"I understand, Godfather...But, we are in an emergency." Duke Humphrey took a deep breath and confessed, his heart about to leap out of his chest in fear. "The plan has been compromised and I don't think we will have enough fallen spirits to cause the universe to punish Lord Hades."