Chapter 1478 The Lands of The Gods...Huh?

1478 The Lands of The Gods...Huh?

"How many fallen spirits are you short of?"

The Godfather asked, not bothering to waste time on what caused the plan to fail or berate the duke for allowing it to happen.

The Celestial Pendant consumed too much energy each second it remained active and there was no way to replenish its energy in the spirit realm.

"We still need more than half a million spirits to have an above 50% success chance." Duke Humphrey anwsered with a deep sigh.

He might have shown his subordinates a assured front, but he was also under the impression that their plan was bound to falter if they went for it now.

"An entire half a million? What were you doing all of those years?" The Godfather asked with an overbearing tone that almost broke the Duke's back from its pure pressure.

"Godfather, please! I have been careful not to attract Lord Hade's attention. The pendant can only hide what happens around me, but not for the others." Duke Humphrey beseeched.

"I don't need excuses, I need results." Godfather eyed him coldly, "What will I tell the superior celestials if the plan fails?"

"I promise you, I will make it work one way or another...In fact, I already have an idea, but it's too risky and it will cause me to lose the celestial pendant." Duke Humphrey said.

"I don't want to know, just make it happen." The Godfather warned one last time, "The next time we speak, it better be face to face."

After finishing his piece, the celestial pendant retrieved the galaxy back inside its core, expelling Duke Humphrey into his office.

He looked down at the pendant that seemed somewhat dimmer than usual and couldn't help but tighten his grasp on it.

'I only have one chance to fulfill my duty and return to my rightful place.' Duke Humphrey thought with a look of absolute resolve. 'If it means using that method, so be it.'

***

Meanwhile, in a cold metallic interrogation room within the station, Sharky was seen sitting solemnly with light handcuffs around his wrists.

No one was with him, causing the silence inside the room to make him immerse himself in the events leading to his arrest.

He didn't need to wonder if his reputation was holding up or not as the evidence found in his mansion was enough to make all citizens across the entire heavenly plane denounce him for good.

He was right in his assumption as a shockwave of disbelief, and murmurs of incredulity rippled through the radiant expanses of the Heavenly Plane after watching the breaking news related to his case.

The common folk, their faces a mask of astonishment and betrayal, gathered around ethereal screens projecting the breaking news of Sharky's downfall.

Not all evidence was shown, but just pieces of it were enough to turn everyone against him, even the spirits he helped personally.

It didn't look at all for him and he knew it.

'I might have lost my reputation and life, but I will not get kicked out to the coldness of the ether.' Sharky promised himself with an icy look.

He did as Inspector Nolvar told him to do...Keep his mouth shut and wait for his lawyer to do the talking.

Obviously, the lawyer was also part of the organization and would be the direct link of communication between them.

Right now, he was waiting for his arrival.

Sometime later, a shadow slipped into his isolated cell, a seemingly nondescript figure. He resembled the watchers' race as he had gray skin and four limbs clad in a formal suit.

'About damn time, Evandor.' Sharky gave him an irritated look. 'What's with the delay?'

'My apologies, but I was working out with the heads to craft the best method to secure your safety,' Evandor replied with a forced smile.

'Speak, what did duke say?'

'Sharky...I won't sugar coat it.' he confessed, 'The organization demands your silence, your submission to the role of the condemned.'

Sharky's eyes, gleaming embers of resentment and defiance, met the lawyer's surreptitious gaze. 'And why should I bow my head to such ignominy?'

The lawyer's lips curled into a secret, knowing smile, 'Because, the Duke, plans to accelerate our plan, the second phase dawns prematurely. We need you to take the fall to buy us some time. Our triumph heavily depends on you and the duke understands this very well.'

'That's why we planned on putting our people on your trial to make sure that you will get just jail time.'

'Trust us, we won't get you kicked out of the plane and when the plans succeed, you know the rewards awaiting us.' Evandor uttered with a look of reverence and expectation.

It seemed like the duke wasn't too secretive about his end goal and made sure to share it with the ones he trusted the most.

Well, it was expected as there was no way he could have bought the assistance of such capable governmental officials without an enticing reward much better than remaining in the government.

Sharky remained silent, deep in his thought process...

As a shrewd politician, he had already expected this much to happen.

He was smart enough to understand that he would never get away from this regardless of the duke's authority.

There were some things that no one could influence or pressure regardless of the imposed authority.

'I will be turned into a scapegoat and all of the committed crimes by the organization will fall under my name.' Sharky sighed.

This path was simply terrifying for someone who treated his reputation as his most sacred treasure.

Still, he knew that he had not many options.

He could accept the deal, take the hit, and have a chance of being taken to the promised lands after the triumph of the plan.

Or snitch on the entire organization and make all of their efforts collapse just to secure eternal jail time.

Both options were shit, but beggars can't be choosers...

'The Land of The Gods, huh?' Sharky smiled bitterly with his eyes closed shut.

'I guess you made up your choice?' Evandor said.

Sharky, the whispers of promised lands and celestial destinies coursed through his veins, rekindling the flame of purpose within him.

He nodded, the resolve solidifying within him. 'Very well, I shall be the sacrificed pawn. But remember, the promised deliverance shall await me beyond these chains, the sanctuary of the prophesied lands shall be my sanctuary!' Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

'Don't worry old friend, it shall be our sanctuary.' Evandor smiled widely before opening his suitcase.

'Let's prepare you for the trial of the century.'

Sharky focused on the documents before him and both of them began working on their defense case.

***

While this was ongoing, Felix had retreated to a well-

lighted hospital room.

He was positioned beside a bed where Carbuncle's wife, her fur a tangled mass, lay motionless, the light from her forehead gem dim and pulsating weakly.

He refused to leave her company, waiting for her to wake up from a coma.

The torture was too much for many spirits, forcing them to enter a peaceful slumber and no matter what anyone did, none of them woke up.

Felix had to keep her company since Carbuncle could not meet up with her at the moment. As much as he missed her and wanted her badly in his life, Carbuncle wanted Felix to give her a choice when she woke up.

A choice of whether she wanted to get her memories back and live with him an eternal life here as a husband and wife or continue being a servant.

In both cases, Carbuncle planned on keeping her around him for her safety, but it was best for Felix to handle these things without his involvement due to his sensitive governmental position.

'What if she rejects having her memories restored?' Felix thought to himself as he stared at her face. 'This will ruin him...'

When he thought this far, Felix couldn't help but feel a slight tingle in his heart, like a bad prominent feeling related to this exact scenario.

'What if I reunited with Asna again and she rejected me?' Felix touched his chest, feeling his cold heart beating rhythmically.

This thought frightened him a little, but not because he was scared of it happening, but of him not feeling anything if it happened...That scared him more than anything.