Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1480 A Mere Traveler...Not a Hero.

1480 A Mere Traveler...Not a Hero.

Sharky was asked multiple questions and he anwsered them as truthfully as he could.

A question about the fallen specters' cure was also brought up and Sharky told them that he had no clue if it was even possible for the fallen spirits to recover.

This news didn't sit well with Ravager.

'Restrain yourself.'

Felix held his arm after sensing that his partner seemed like he was about to jump Sharky.

'I am cool, I am cool...'

Ravager removed Felix's hand and tried his best to contain his emotions, knowing that it wouldn't end well for him if he dared assault Sharky here.

Meanwhile, Sharky wasn't lying or trying to hide the truth on this topic...He genuinely was clueless if a cure existed since the entire operation was created by Duke Humphrey.

"This is all my client has to say." Evandor concluded.

"We will double-check all the provided information and the punishment will be suggested according to its accuracy." Gravus nodded before sitting back again.

"Trial adjourned until tomorrow."

Judge Marcel stated as he banged the gavel twice...Then, he stood up with the other judges and exited the courtroom.

"That's it?" Hazel remarked with a surprised tone.

"What did you expect?" Nidam said, "He pleaded guilty and confessed, this trial shouldn't have been even prolonged until tomorrow if it wasn't for the seriousness of the Intel."

"Prolonging the trial until tomorrow isn't a good sign." Ravager said coldly, "Whether the information provided was useful or not, that monster doesn't deserve to spend another second in the heavenly plane."

"I disagree." Felix shook his head, "I think being imprisoned for eternity here is far much cruel than kicking him out."

"True, getting kicked out is a scary punishment only because the alternative is much better, but in this case?" Captain Charleson approved, "I would rather have them imprison him forever until he loses his mind than erase his memories and kick him out."

In a sense, getting kicked out was like an instant execution while jail time was a lifetime sentence.

Since there was no death in the spirit realm, the second punishment was a hundred times much worse in the long run.

'I don't trust the government anymore.' Ravager uttered telepathically, 'Who can ensure that he will really stay in jail forever and not get freed after the public forgets about his crimes?'

'The true mastermind is still on the loose and with his authority, he can definitely get him out later on.'

No one argued with this fact.

'With Sharky's confession, it does seem like he has satisfied the higher-ups.' Hazel said with a displeased tone, 'They will definitely try to conclude the case as quickly as possible to avoid the public's outrage.'

The public was indeed enraged after hearing about most of the case's details. They ought to feel angry as It made them realize that they were unsafe even if they followed the rules.

So, the government would accept Sharky's villain story and end this case swiftly.

'If only it was possible to use the memories extraction process on him, we would get all we want.' Ravager said with an irritated tone.

The process was used on Arion before to find out if he had any memories. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Unfortunately, they were allowed to use it on him because he had no identity and it was the only method to investigate more about him.

In reality, this process was fairly dangerous as it might leave the target with some missing memories or even end up with a change of personality.

So, even criminals had the right to block any attempt at extracting their memories.

After all, what if the process was used on a spirit just to ruin him and yet find out that he wasn't the criminal? It was way too fatal.

'So, what now? Do we just let the case get closed in this manner and watch the rest of the organization's members run free?' Hazel said with an unconvinced tone.

Just the notion of Inspector Nolvar not getting punished with Sharky was going to leave them with many sleepless nights.

'What else can we do?' Nidam sighed, 'We can reach out to Gravus and tell him about this, but he will want evidence from us and we have none.'

'We can tell him to force Sharky to rat on his peers for the sake of a much better deal.' Hazel suggested.

'It doesn't work like that.' Felix said indifferently, 'Since Sharky came forward and confessed everything without mentioning the names of his peers, it only means that his survivability was already guaranteed to him.'

'Does that mean someone in the court is on his side? He will most definitely get jail time?' Hazel covered her mouth, 'Don't tell me Sir Grav...'

'Enough with empty speculations.' Captain Charleson interrupted, 'We will find out tomorrow what his punishment will be and base our next move on it.'

Upon hearing this, everyone dropped the subject and began leaving the courtroom one by one until only Felix and a couple of attendants were left behind.

Felix's mind was still occupied with the case.

'With the case developing to this state, should I bring Karra forward as a witness?' Felix frowned, his arms crossed above his chest.

He understood that the noble would be exposed immediately if Karra came forward and ratted him out.

As long as she was included in the witness protection program, breaking the privacy contract terms could be avoided.

However, Felix was still having difficulty with making this decision.

That's because she was going to hand out a high-

governmental official, someone even higher than Sharky.

Her words weren't going to be taken for granted as the truth even if she confessed all of the evil and torture she went through under the duke's hands.

This implied she would be forced to have her memories examined and Felix had no interest in putting Karra under that machine.

Unfortunately, he understood that he couldn't bring her on the stage and ruin a high official official's name without consequences.

They would examine her memories forcefully to defend her claims. In other words, if Felix wanted the noble to get caught, he had to compromise Karra.

'Screw this.' Felix shrugged his shoulders carelessly, 'I won't ruin my servant's life for the sake of the realm's goodness. If even Hades doesn't care, why should I?'

Felix could already be said to have closed the corrupted specters organization's case and since he played a huge role in it, he was guaranteed to receive a massive amount of points with his partner from the entire department.

It would ensure they go through the next stage in the captain's governmental position examination.

Plus, he even saved Carbuncle's wife.

'If the ethereal elders council was capable, they should be able to find the mastermind and the remedy to the fallen...As for me? My job here is over.'

Felix stood up and exited the court at last, having no interest in investing any more time in it.

As for the universal codex written on the gemstones? It was an fascinating mystery, but Felix realized that he could do nothing about it with his current position.

So, why give himself an unnecessary headache?

He was merely a passenger in the spirit realm, a traveler one could say...Not a hero sent to bring justice and punish the wrongdoers.

So, when tomorrow came, and Felix heard that Sharky had been decided to serve an eternity in jail with periodical physical punishment, he didn't seem too bothered.

But the same couldn't be uttered about Ravager and his squadmates.

"HOW COULD THEY?! JUST BECAUSE THE INFORMATION CHECKED OUT TO BE RIGHT?!" Ravager yelled as he punched the office's wall as hard as he could, boring a hole in it.

He was absolutely livid that the trial was concluded in this dissatisfying manner...His squadmates shared the same emotion as him, but none of them reacted as strongly.

"Give it a rest...You saw the thousands of spirits saved in those hidden locations." Nidam sighed, "Without his confession, they would have been left there for god knows how many years."

The others seemed to agree with his statement...At the end of the day, Sharky had shown good faith in his confession and if they didn't show mercy in his judgment, no other criminal would dare trust the juridical system again.

So, Gravus and the judges weren't suspected of cooperation at all as it seemed like they had made the reasonable decision.

In fact, the addition of physical punishment, which was a nice way of saying 'torture', made everyone feel like Gravus was still on the side of the right.

After all, an eternal torture periodically wasn't a walk in the park either.

Unbeknownst to them, the punishment was given and accepted by Sharky only because both of them understood that the heavenly plane would soon cease to exist if their plan succeeded...