Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1482 The Blood Array. II

1482 The Blood Array. II

Duke Humphrey floated to the tormented spirits and removed the machine tubes and the chains from their bodies.

Weak and helpless, even when freed, the spirits couldn't muster an ounce of strength to defend themselves.

Their eyes were the only thing moving, watching him pick them up and meticulously arrange them at pivotal points marked on the extensive, intricately designed blood array.

To avoid them ruining his array, he kept suppressing them with his telekinesis pressure, affixing them to their positions.

After he was done with the spirits, he collected all the sinister dark gemstones and used them to decorate the entire array.

The various gemstones scattered around the place gave the blood array a morbid glow, casting eerie shadows on the suffering spirits.

Yet, he hadn't finished.

Duke Humphrey removed the celestial pendant from his neck and placed it carefully at the center of the blood array.

Its celestial brilliance was a stark contrast to the macabre scene around it.

The Duke folded his hands and began to utter words in the Universal Codex Language, the very words that carried the whispers of the cosmos, resonating with the primal energies that wove the fabric of existence.

His voice wasn't loud, yet every word uttered echoed across the entire dungeon.

Once the incarnation reached its celestial crescendo, the pendant's core forged an unseen connection with the blood array, threads of celestial energy weaving through the intricate patterns.

The blood array, now pulsating with forbidden life, slowly began draining the negative energies from the suffering spirits, pulling the essence from every gemstone in its vicinity.

Arghh....Ugh....Sob...Sob...

The air was charged with the silent screams and sorrowful whimpers of the spirits, their essence being pulled into the blood array against their will.

'This is going to take a couple of days at least.'

Duke Humphrey wasn't too pleased with the speed of the array's absorption...But, he knew that he couldn't be complaining at the moment.

'Without the pendant, this wouldn't have been even possible.' Duke Humphrey praised with an envious tone, 'Even a trash item from that place can power up a third-

degree array. I have to return at all costs!'

Duke Humphrey understood that the pendant was using a new type of energy called, Celestial Energy...It existed only in that place and a tiny bit of it was enough to rival millions of elemental energy stones!

'A couple of days...Let's hope Hades remains in his meditation session until then...'

Duke Humphrey wished in his mind as he watched the blood array continue getting brighter and brighter at a steady rate.

He knew that the moment the pendant's energy ran out, he wouldn't be hidden anymore from his all-seeing eyes.

It was an instant checkmate if that happened.

***

Meanwhile, Felix had just received a message from the hospital; it notified him that Carbuncle's wife had awoken from her deep slumber.

Since she had no master and no family to act as her guardian, he filled in his name.

"I will be back soon."

Felix said to Sekiro and Karra before taking off from Elder Kraken's mansion.

In a short while, he arrived at the room and approached Carbuncle's wife with a soft smile, trying his best to not look cold.

"My savior...How could I ever thank you." Carbuncle's wife bowed her head with great difficulty after noticing Felix.

"Please don't force yourself." Felix pushed her shoulder gently and sat next to her.

He soon inquired about her well-being and if she felt any discomfort or pain.

After hearing that she was fine and pain-free, he proceeded to orchestrate her discharge from the hospital, wanting to take her with him to Elder Kraken's mansion.

She agreed, placing her trust in him.

...

'Listen, I know that you are still pretty shook and this situation will seem quite peculiar to you, but I have to let you on something.' Felix mentioned calmly after helping Carbuncle's wife settle down in her own private room.

He understood that there would never be a perfect time to lay down on her the truth, so, he might as well feed it to her right now.

'I am listening...' Carbuncle's wife replied softly.

Now that she had recovered from her wounds and cleaned herself, she indeed looked quite beautiful...But not to Felix since she was still a descendant of a hamster-like species.

Felix took a deep breath with his eyes looking upward and then narrated the mission that was assigned to him by Carbuncle. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

He told her that she was his wife in the living world and that he had entered the spirit realm for the sake of reuniting with her.

He told her about how he became a scribe and was watching her from a distance, wanting to save her every day, but he couldn't without jeopardizing his scribe position.

The problem was he might not even save her since the instant scribes decide to share their knowledge or act on it, the divine punishment befell them almost immediately like they had judgment swords pointed at their heads.

So, he placed his hopes on Nebula, teaching and preparing her for the mission...But, eventually, Felix appeared and handled the rescue mission.

As Carbuncle's wife listened to his story, she didn't know whether to believe him or call him a crazy head.

But, the fact that scribes were infamous for knowing their previous lives made her somewhat inclined to believe him.

In her head, Felix had nothing much to earn from lying to her...Especially, when she was a mere dark spirit with no special skills.

'Your husband has told me to tell you that you have two choices and he will respect both of them equally.' Felix shared, 'The first one, you will receive your old life memories and carry on the rest of your life with him as a couple. The second one, you will remain with your current memories and personality and hopefully work under him as a servant. He will protect and take care of you like no other even if you don't accept his love.'

'There is also the third option, which is living here as a servant until the day you decide to recover your memories.' Felix added.

Carbuncle didn't tell him about this, but he understood that both decisions were considered permanent and tough to pick from.

Meanwhile, the third option would give plenty of time for her to see Carbuncle's true character after living with him.

Who knows? They might even fall in love again without even needing their precious memories.

Upon hearing those options, Carbuncle's wife was left in silence.

She glanced at Felix's emotionless face and could see that he was not trying to trick or harm her.

She had no clue how this Carbuncle was and whether he was a good person or not, but the fact she was given three options and none of them had an ounce of bad intention, she could feel his love.

Feeling it was one thing, but accepting it was another.

In the end, Carbuncle's wife smiled bitterly and said, 'I have just lived through a trauma that should have destroyed me a hundred times by now. I honestly don't think I have it in me to trust another stranger again.'

'Understandable.' Felix nodded in agreement, 'If you can't trust him, trust me at least when I tell you that he will never lay a finger on you. The love he has for you is something I can't even fathom.'

The fact that Carbuncle sought to revive his wife through any means possible and when he failed to do so, killed himself to reunite with her in the afterlife was enough proof of his crazy love and loyalty.

'I don't know...' Carbuncle's wife tightened her fists and said, 'Is it possible to meet him first?'

'Of course, just tell me when, and I will take you there.' Felix nodded.

'How about now?' Carbuncle's wife said, 'I don't think I can relax before I handle this.'

'Let's go.'

Without a second wasted, Felix positioned Carbuncle's wife on the back of his three-headed crimson lion and departed in the direction of The Northern Lights city.

Meanwhile, Carbuncle had seen everything that happened and even tapped into their telepathic conversation.

When he realized that she was coming to him, he was left absolutely frozen in his place.

He had anticipated and readied for this day for so long, and now that it was happening, he was as nervous as a teenage boy going to ask his crush to go to the prom with him.

"I have to take a shower! I have to shave! No, I have to clean my office first, she doesn't like seeing a mess."

He kept turning his head back and forth, his heart beating out of his chest out of agitation.

Who would have known that the great Carbuncle would be this cute when it came to his wife?