Chapter 1484 A Beautiful Overdue Reunion...

1484 A Beautiful Overdue Reunion...

After the decision was made, Felix and Amelia finished their dinner and returned to Elder Kraken's mansion.

Felix told him about everything and requested his help with Amelia's memories to which he agreed.

He had already given them his word on this matter and had prepared the memories necessary from Carbuncle in the living world.

Without further ado, they exited the mansion and went to the same abandoned house on the outskirts of the capital.

The memories reformation machine was still situated there...Elder Kraken wasn't worried about someone finding it since he would get alerted if they stepped into his territory.

'What if her personality changed too?' Felix frowned, 'This process might make the situation even worse.'

'Don't worry, it's different this time.' Elder Kraken clarified as he wired Amelia to the machine. 'We will be merely putting new memories on top of her old ones and it won't affect her personality as drastically as yours.'

Felix nodded in understanding. In his case, he was like a blank page and whatever was put inside of him shaped his personality.

But Amelia already possessed her own personality and those memories would merely awaken her old self.

"Are you ready?" Elder Kraken asked.

"Mmm." Amelia nodded.

Elder Kraken started the process right after, infusing all the memories given to him by Carbuncle into Amelia.

Obviously, Carbuncle didn't hand over millions of years worth of memories...But just enough for Amelia to understand that their life as a married couple wasn't a lie and to remind her of all the good and bad times they spent together.

As Amelia was absorbing those memories, a smile kept spreading on her lips.

She was reliving her previous life and she was more than pleased with how it turned out to be.

When the memories stopped coming in, her face was already a mess with tears. She realized that what she had with Carbuncle wasn't just a common love story, but what would one call a once-in-a-lifetime companionship...

The fact that Carbuncle was a primogenitor and considered a deity in the universe, yet he never cheated on her or touched another female after marrying her spoke great volumes about his eternal loyalty.

Unbeknownst to her, Carbuncle never touched another female even after her death...

"Are you okay?" Felix asked.

"I am okay now." Amelia smiled and then requested, "Is it possible to return me to my husband?"

"Right away." Felix smiled back.

Amelia thanked Elder Kraken for his assistance and both of them returned to Carbuncle's mansion.

During their flight back, Felix asked her about many things.

One of them was her reason for accepting Carbuncle right away as her husband the moment she remembered their life together.

Her answer was direct and simple.

"You won't understand unless you saw it with your own eyes."

"I see..."

Felix refrained from asking any more questions, knowing that both Carbuncle and Amelia deserved each other...It was the only answer he needed to know.

After dropping her off in the garden, he saw that Carbuncle was waiting for them again near the gate.

He gave him a slight head nod and left them alone. As he flew away, he couldn't help but glance one more time behind him.

What he saw, slightly warmed his frozen cold heart...

They stood there, encircled by the enchanting flora, in a tight, loving embrace, their fur mingling, creating a tapestry of moonlight silver and emerald green.

It was as though the universe itself had paused to witness this beautiful overdue reunion.

'Carbuncle can at last put down the drugs.' Felix chuckled to himself as he envisioned the other Carbuncle hearing about this news.

He was certain that he would erase his wisp of consciousness almost immediately with a happy smile, stretching from ear to ear.

Right now, Felix was heading back to the mansion to inform Elder Kraken and speak with his masters.

During his entire stay in the spirit realm, he could be said to finally have something worthy to report.

***

Meanwhile, in the living world...

"You sure have improved your 'skills'. Now, you can cheat without me noticing."

Thor scoffed with an irritated tone as he moved a bishop piece in front of a pawn, seemingly sacrificing it.

"And you sure have gotten better at b*tching every time you find yourself in a losing position." J?rmungandr sneered, "Plus, it's not even possible to cheat on chess."

"With snakes like you, anything is possible." Thor retorted.

He didn't seem too happy as the last chance he had to win the game was the bishop sacrifice, but J?rmungandr was smart enough to ignore it and continue with his play. Now, he knew that he was f*cked unless J?rmungandr made a blunder.

But, who we are talking about here? It's two primogenitors...There was no such a thing as making a blunder for them when they could anticipate hundreds of moves ahead.

"Checkmate."

"This match doesn't count," Thor complained immediately as he pushed down his pieces and picked up a wine bottle. "I wasn't drinking my juice."

"Whatever you tell yourself to feel better, loser." Jormungandr grinned while fixing the pieces, preparing for a second game.

"Pause the game for a bit, Felix wants to talk to you guys."

Suddenly, Elder Kraken informed everyone.

This caused the entire consciousness space to come to a halt as even Lord Shiva and Lord Loki had their ears piqued in interest.

"About damn time." Thor chided, "That little brat forgot about us the moment he died, how can he treat his masters like this?" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

No one bothered to entertain his remark, but they were quite curious about Felix's desire to speak to them at last.

"First of all, he greeted you all and apologized for not reaching out sooner." Elder Kraken delivered Felix's messages.

"Is he okay there? Did something happen?" Lady Sphinx inquired, knowing that Felix would not speak with them unless he had something to show or he was in grave danger.

"No, he just wanted to check on you and inform Carbuncle that he has finally helped his wife reunite with his main consciousness." Elder Kraken said with a faint smile.

The moment Carbunlce heard this, he started coughing out loud a deep purplish cloud out of his mouth and nose, choking on it from shock.

"Fo..For real?!" He exclaimed with reddened eyes either from the drugs or emotion.

"Yes, and he even helped convince her to recover her memories." Elder Kraken nodded, "So, it can be said that your main consciousness has gotten his peace at last."

"That little..." Carbuncle's words were left stuck in his throat.

He wanted to say a lot of things, but he realized that his main consciousness must have already said whatever was in his mind.

So, he merely smiled widely in bliss and remained floating on the consciousness ocean, feeling like a massive weight was removed out of his shoulder.

The others could sense his peace and calm, something all of them wished dearly to have.

Alas, unlike Carbuncle who merely wanted his wife and nothing else in this universe, they still had many things to settle before their hearts could be cleared out.

"Are you going to leave?" Lady Sphinx asked Carbuncle.

"Not yet, not until I see that boy return to us." Carbuncle shook his head, "I have to thank him personally."

When Carbuncle's wisp of consciousness was awakened the first time, he really never expected that this little runt would actually live up to his promise.

The fact that he was dead and struggling in the spirit world, yet, he still helped him out, made him feel more than grateful.

For now, he said nothing else and remained floating on the ocean with a blissful smile, knowing that another him was in the company of his dear wife.

When the others saw this, they didn't bother him anymore.

"Is he anywhere near acquiring the reincarnation opportunity?" Lady Sphinx asked.

"He has just put down a massive underground criminal organization and he will be moving on to the final examination of the captain position." Elder Kraken nodded, "Whether he succeeds or not, he will be given at least a post as a low law enforcer over his achievements."

Elder Kraken knew that many law enforcers were about to get replaced of the department after Inspector Nolvar went down.

After all, there was no way he had no underlings treasonous the government as well.

This meant many positions would be unoccupied and Felix and Ravager had the biggest chances to fill them in.

"That's good to hear, I have already contacted to Lord Quetzalcoatl and he told me he is prepared to assist us as long as he doesn't get close to the heavenly plane." Lady Sphinx shared.