Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1485 High Inspector Charleson!

"If he doesn't get close to the heavenly plane, how are we supposed to find and retrieve Felix's soul before it enters a new body?" Thor frowned.

The original plan was to steal Felix's soul from Charon and the only way to do so was through being close to the heavenly plane.

After all, the moment the Charons put the collected spirits on the heavenly plane and embarked on a new journey, it was almost impossible to track them down.

"He doesn't care about any of that." Lady Sphinx said, "He has already angered Lord Hades enough and he doesn't want to completely disrespect him by stealing a soul right from under his nose."

"I will see what I can do to keep Felix's soul intact and track down the Charon." Elder Kraken said.

Tracking wasn't the only issue with their plan as the fact that Felix would be losing both his memories and spiritual prowess was bound to happen.

The only good thing coming out of reincarnation was being put into a much more fortunate environment, ensuring a better life for the soul as a reward for his achievement in the spirit realm.

Though, it wouldn't really matter much when you couldn't even remember your afterlife.

Hence, why no one bothered to choose the reincarnation opportunity after stepping into the government.

"Do your best, but don't get too invested and attract Lord Hades' attention to you." Jörmungandr advised, "We don't want to ruin your life out there after everything you have done to reach your status."

"Don't worry, I know what I am doing." Elder Kraken smiled kindly.

He was indeed taking way too many risks for Felix's sake and if it was simply to repay Felix's awakening his wisp of consciousness, then he was overdoing it.

After all, one could say that he had paid his debt the moment he bestowed Felix his water manipulation.

Anything else was merely doing Felix and his masters a massive favor.

...

Back in the heavenly plane...A few hours after Felix's report to his masters, a sudden piece of information caused the entire law enforcement department to halt.

Inspector Nolvar and more than five law enforcers from four different squads were arrested and put away by the arbiter himself after evidence of their involvement with the fallen specters organization had surfaced!

"They sure moved quicker than expected." Captain Charleson addressed this while sitting in his office with the rest of his squad.

"Haha! Serves him right!" Hazel laughed in delight.

"Arbitor Dankur sure is powerful." Ravager commentated with a serious tone, "He extracted more than five pieces of key evidence in such a short time. Neither Nolvar nor his subordinates were given a chance to defend themselves."

Based on what they heard, Inspector Nolvar and his people were taken straight to their cells and stripped away of their positions, awaiting for their trial to launch.

None of them denied the acquisitions as the evidence against them was pretty heavy.

With the fallen specters cases being now questioned and investigated, all sorts of abnormal actions related to them were caught.

Either hiding evidence, burying cases, enforcing new rules/protocols, and the list goes on.

Inspector Nolvar understood that he had no way of escaping the charges. So, he didn't bother wasting his energy in denial.

'It doesn't matter if I got caught now, the second phase of the plan is already in motion.' Inspector Nolvar smiled coldly while cuffed up to a wall, 'The day of liberation is near.'

He didn't even tell the duke about his situation as he had informed them not to bother him for the next few days.

Inspector Nolvar understood that he must be working his ass off to make the second phase of their plan work.

He had no idea how he would do it, but he had full trust in his master.

Meanwhile, the news had sent waves across the department and even outside of it.

Many spirits realized that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to enter the government due to the many available positions simultaneously.

So, they began their preparation to apply for the examination the moment the government opened up the recruitment.

Alas, just like this was a unique opportunity, the circumstances of it happening were also unique.

Unique in the sense that a single squad had brought down one of the worst criminal organizations known to the spirit realm.

This meant that they had earned a significant amount of credit to help them get promoted straightway to a higher position without any competition!

While no announcements were made, almost all squad captains were already congratulating Captain Charleson on his upcoming promotion to become the new High Inspector.

Since all of this happened abruptly and there was no preparation whatsoever for a change of inspectors, Captain Charleson was called to the Arbitor's office and he was advanced on the spot.

"I hope you understand why we won't be holding any ceremony for the promotion in the upcoming days." Arbitor Dankur said with a bitter smile as he put Inspector Nolvar's insignia on Charleson's chest.

"I don't mind if we don't hold it at all." High Inspector Charleson uttered with a solemn tone as he saluted, "I have never been a fan of such formalities and would like to carry on with my new duties right away."Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Usually, High Inspector positions were almost never empty since the higher one climbed the governmental ladder, the harder it was to get ahead.

In the case of Inspector Nolvar, his position should have been contested by all interested captains throughout the entire heavenly plane, which would create one of the biggest competitions ever for a governmental position.

However, with Captain Charleson's credit score being over the roof after exposing the fallen organization and Inspector Nolvar being part of it, ending up leaving his post empty, all the stars aligned for the captain to get a direct promotion!

"Haha, as expected of you, straightforward and professional as always." Arbitor Dankur chuckled, "Too bad, the ceremony is a must to celebrate your achievements and establish your new authority."

"I am honored."

"The honor is ours to have such a fine upright enforcer on our side." Arbitor Dankur complemented, meaning every single word of it.

He had heard and watched videos of what happened between Captain Charleson and Inspector Nolvar.

The way he was pressured, hindered, and even used an arbitor's status to stop him, but he refused to cave in.

Arbitor Dankur understood that many squad captains would have done what Inspector Nolvar wanted for the sake of moving up the ladder faster.

So, he was truly satisfied with having Charleson as the new Inspector.

"I will leave the hiring situation for the new empty positions in your hands." Arbitor Dankur informed.

"I will get it handled."

High Inspector Charleson saluted and then took off, wearing his new insignia and carrying his inspector's outfit on his shoulders.

After he returned to his old office, he was surprised to see that his squadmates had adorned the entire office with balloons and other celebratory decorations.

"Congratulations, Captain!"

"Haha! He is a High Inspector now, don't call him that."

"No one more deserving of such promotion than you, congratulations."

Nidam, Hazel, Ravager, Miss Sanae, and even Felix uttered some nice words for their captain's sake.

The moment he was called by the Arbitor, they knew immediately he would get promoted and they prepared this small party for him.

"We know that you hate parties and even more during worktime, but you aren't our captain anymore to stop us." Nidam chuckled after seeing Inspector Charleson's face turn annoyed.

"I have lost my position for a few minutes and you already become this unruly." Inspector Charleson smiled through his vexation. "You sure deserve a beating."

Everyone chuckled in amusement and began their party, which could be also considered a celebration over their case closure.

After the celebration was concluded, Inspector Charleson clicked twice on his wine glass and notified everyone. "I have been given responsibility over filling the empty positions in the department."

"I have determined to appoint Nidam as the new captain of this squad. As for Ravager and Traveler, they will be advanced to permanent members of the squad, which means..." Inspector Charleson hesitated for a little with a faint smile before announcing, "Welcome to the Government."

Author Note: A small quality of life change to the schedule.

Two Chapters will be released on Wednesday from now on and one chapter will be released on Tuesday.

...

PS: My apologies for the schedule changes and erratic releases during the day. I am still in the process of building a new stock after returning from the holiday and burning most of it. With the increased weekly release, it ain't easy to keep up, but I am trying my best.