Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1486 Waiting For The Call.

"We are in? Just like that?"

Ravager couldn't believe his ears. He had desired to join the government for a very long time now and even when he applied to become a captain, he knew that it would be extremely difficult to join it in such fashion.

But, he applied anyway for the sake of his little sister's revenge.

"When you have the right qualifications, opportunity, and support from a figure of authority, it's that easy." Nidam chuckled.

"Thank you for thinking highly of us." Felix bowed his head a little in appreciation, not too shocked by his announcement.

He had already expected as much to happen.

"There is some paperwork needed to be handled before you become a registered governmental official and receive benefits." Captain Charleson informed, "I will have it taken care of quickly."

Felix and Ravager nodded in gratitude.

"What about the captain's examination?" Ravager soon inquired.

"You have qualified straight to the next stage of the examination. but since you have done it through other means, the qualification stage is still active, and the other contestants can join the next stage too." Captain Charleson explained.

In other words, Felix and Ravager were considered like any other law enforcer and this qualification stage was meant for golden spirits, not governmental officials.

Hence, the direct qualification.

"This means Nebula and Seraphel can still contest for the captain's position." Ravager uttered with an irritated tone, "It would have been better if they got eliminated, but whatever."

Felix couldn't care less about any of this as he was satisfied with just joining the government and getting the reincarnation opportunity.

As for the captain's position? He had no interest in fighting for it.

To avoid unnecessary drama, he didn't bother to mention this to his squadmates, knowing that they would annoy him to stay in the competition.

...

A couple of hours later...

Felix could be seen sitting in the living room of his new mansion in the northern district with Karra and Sekiro.

The mansion was small compared to Elder Kraken's since Felix's governmental rank was at the bottom, but it was ten times better than any other house outside of the northern district.

"Who would have known that it would take you less than a year to become a governmental official, something that 99% of spirits haven't achieved in centuries." Sekiro smiled wryly, "You sure are something special."

"Yes, Yes!"

Karra nodded excitedly as she kept looking around her new home. Both of them were deeply delighted as they felt like their future was finally secured.

When Felix saw their expressions, he couldn't help but shake his head.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

They had no clue that Felix was going to accept the reincarnation opportunity and leave the spirit realm, which meant they would return to being masterless again.

"Do whatever you want, I will be heading out." Felix uttered as he stood up.

"Do you want me to prepare food for your return?" Karra asked.

"No, I might be late."

With that, Felix went to meet up with Elder Kraken to finalize his escape plan.

...

'Listen, the reincarnation process is quite direct and doesn't need Lord Hades to supervise it. Usually, Elder Sheol runs the operation, but since almost no one bothers to reincarnate, I can find a way to take this duty out of his hand.' Elder Kraken said with a solemn tone. 'This will allow me to control where your soul will land and when it will land on a new body. With such information, we can track down the Charon, and Lord Quetzalcoatl will steal your soul's jar from him and take it back to your body.'

'This is the summary of the plan for now.'

'It sounds good, but isn't it quite risky for you?' Felix frowned, 'Won't Lord Hades penalize you when he finds out that you helped me escape with my memories and soul power intact?'

'There is always that chance, but don't worry about it.' Elder Kraken smiled, 'No matter what happened, I have already reached the pinnacle in my field and there is nothing soul-related I can research in my current state.'

'Elder...'

Elder Kraken entered the spirit realm willingly through suicide for the sake of learning more about the afterlife.

After spending god knows how many years and even becoming an ethereal elder, he could be uttered to have already achieved his dreams and goals.

In other words, it didn't even matter to him if Lord Hades kicked him out of the heavenly plane as he considered his life to be complete.

'Don't give me that look, I know what I am doing.' Elder Kraken warned, 'All you have to do is focus on getting out of the spirit realm and returning to your body. Lord Hades might even prioritize coming after you if he found out midway.'

'I am well aware.' Felix nodded with a serious look.

He comprehended that Lord Hades never killed anyone, so there was a high chance of punishing Felix by throwing him somewhere in the spirit realm with his memories still intact!

This meant he would be wandering and roaming the spirit realm while his consciousness was active, which was thousands of times much worse than any other punishment!

The worst part? He would get branded as a blacklisted spirit, which meant he would get ignored by all passing Charons for eternity and his soul would be unable to possess anybody!

Felix was told about all of this by Captain Charleson to make him understand that there were stages to getting kicked out of the heavenly plane.

'For now, spend all of your Lumus and time in absorbing as many spiritual treasures as possible. I have also cooked a decent stash of spiritual treasures for you.' Kraken said, 'Empower your soul to the limit as you won't be having another chance like this again.'

Felix nodded in understanding.

'Now excuse me, I have to go kiss Shoel's ass a little to me handle the reincarnation process.' Elder Kraken chuckled, seemingly not minding this at all.

'Thank you, elder, truly, thank you for everything.'

Still, Felix bowed his head deeply in gratitude, knowing that his life would have been a catastrophe in the heavenly plane without Kraken's help.

'Thank me when you return to your body, for now, focus on the plan.'

'I won't let you down.'

...

For the next two days, Felix spent every hour of the day absorbing mountains of spiritual treasures until he started to get weird looks from Sekiro and Karra.

Elder Kraken had at least given him a stash worth one to two million of Lumus and with what he had purchased out of his own pocket, he collected enough to at least tenfold his spiritual prowess!

Sekiro and Karra had inquired Felix about his reason for doing this and why he had wasted so much money on them, but he didn't bother answering them.

He locked himself in his room and kept improving his soul, waiting patiently for Elder Kraken's call.

While he was waiting for his call, Duke Humphrey was also waiting patiently for his blood array to activate.

At the moment, it was shimmering so brightly, the entire dungeon seemed to have been painted with blood...

At the center of it, Duke Humphrey was seen sitting in midair with his eyes affixed on the illuminating blood array.

The celestial pendant already become dim and looked like it was about to break apart into fine dust.

Meanwhile, the tormented spirits were no longer there, leaving behind them small blood-red floating marbles.

As for the dark gemstones? They were turned into fine dust days ago.

'Five minutes...Five more minutes and the entire capital shall fall into the depth of despair.' Duke Humphrey smiled coldly. 'Five more minutes...'

Second chapter will be released at night!