1487 The Blood Beam's Expansion.

While he seemed confident and mighty, deep down, Duke Humphrey was scared that Lord Hades would appear before him and stop all of this with a mere glance.

Even though the pendant was keeping his eyes and other scribes' eyes away from him, he was growing more and more antsy by the second.

Seconds went by and then minutes...Just like it seemed it was going to take a little bit more time than he anticipated, the blood array, saturated in sanguine fluid, began to convulse, a foreboding radiance seeping from its intricate lines!

The crimson gleam intensified, converging above into a monumental beam of luminescence before erupting into the ceiling!

Rumble Rumble!!!

The ceiling was smashed wide open and the beam continued its uninterrupted journey, breaking apart Duke Humphrey's mansion like it was made out of Legos!

"Hahaha! That's it!"

Duke Humphrey protected himself with a telekinesis shield as he watched the blood array reach the sky akin to a beacon of malevolent allure!

The blood beam captured the gazes of every entity near the capital. A sea of faces, bathed in the otherworldly red glow, lifted their eyes in sync, each countenance etched with shock and awe.

"Huh? What's that?"

"Mhmm? The hell? Am I tripping or is there a red beam touching the sky?"

"Is Lord Hades going to descend to the capital at last?"

Some thought the beams were related to Lord Hades and some thought a governmental official was putting on a show.

No one was scared of the beam even when its size and color were alarming. It was expected as this was the heavenly plane and no one would dare attack its capital in such a fashion.

Alas, those thoughts started to evaporate from their minds after they noticed the red beam expanding with alarming swiftness!

'It's not giving off good vibes at all.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he watched from his window the fast-

approaching walls of the red beam.

Since he was in the northern district, the blood beam was extremely close to him, making him sense its ominous aura.

"I won't be able to escape on foot with Karra and Sekiro."

Realizing that the speed of the beam was alarmingly quick, Felix didn't hesitate to use his teleportation ability and appear in front of his servants.

Before they could react to his sudden appearance, he took hold of them both and teleported at the last second, right before the blood beam engulfed his new mansion!

Rumble Rumble!!

The blood beam's walls didn't destroy the mansion like it did before, but it caused the ground to tremble wherever it went, making everyone realize its danger.

"Run!!"

"What the f*ck is going on!!"

"Is this the apocalypse?!"

Many spirits across the capital weren't as capable as Felix, causing them to get devoured by the blood beam, disappearing almost instantly inside its crimson walls.

Its red tendrils weaved through the buildings and the skies, a suffocating grip around the heart of the realm.

BOOM!! BOOM!! RUMBLE!!!

Spectral carriages and luminal vehicles collided in a chaotic dance, their paths skewed by the unseen force emanating from the blood wall.

Metallic crunches and ethereal explosions painted the air, as the drivers lost control, their vehicles intertwining in a fiery embrace.

Many spirits decided to use their ethereal forms and fly through the sky to avoid chaos, causing them to resemble scattered bugs fleeing the intrusion of light!

Alas, their attempts were futile as the blood beam's speed was just too much for them...

Meanwhile, Nebula, Selaphel, Ravager, Nidam, and other powerful fighters used whatever means necessary to escape the entanglement of the blood beam while making sure to save the people in their path.

"I will be right back."

Even Felix returned back to the city after putting his servants numerous kilometers away from the capital.

The moment he teleported inside, he scanned the area around him for a split second and then utilized his telekinesis control to pick up the slowest spirits. Then, he teleported them near the exterior wall of the capital.

When they opened their eyes and saw themselves almost out of the city, they were left absolutely stunned. But, soon fear crawled back into their hearts and woke them up from their daze, forcing them to fly away from the city.

'There are way too numerous and my energy is limited.' Felix said with a disgruntled tone, sweating from his forehead as he continued teleporting anyone in his path to safety.

He could have not helped anyone and if he wasn't a law enforcer, he would have honestly not offered his services at all.

But, as cold and indifferent as he was, he still respected his duty as a law enforcer and carried on with saving as numerous citizens as possible.

Alas, he was soon forced to give up and escape after the beam's expansion neared the capital's walls.

With one last look, Felix teleported himself away.

When he reappeared near Karra and Sekiro, he couldn't help but feel chills course down his spine at the scene before him.

The heavenly plane's capital, once a beacon of tranquility and ethereal beauty, was now ensnared in a crimson sphere, making it close to impossible to see within it...

'Felix, are you okay?'

Suddenly, Elder Kraken's erratic voice was heard in Felix's mind.

'I am fine, I managed to teleport to the outside, what about you?' Felix asked.

'I am still in the city.' Elder Kraken shared, 'I utilized my telekinesis barrier to shield my mansion and protect everyone from the beam. It seems resembling it's eating it away but in a slow fashion.'

'I will teleport to you right away and take you guys out.' Felix stated, 'Just give me a moment to recover my energy.'

'No need, I think I will be able to hold on until Lord Hades makes his move.' Elder Kraken uttered with a strange tone, 'I have no idea how this happened under his supervision, but it won't last for long.'

'What is it though?' Felix frowned, 'It can't be someone trying to kill us, right?'

In his eyes, trying to kill spirits was a dumb idea on its own as there was no way they could be killed without Lord Hades' approval...Only he was able to erase their existence.

That's what he assumed, but he had no idea how wrong he was...

...

In the profound silence of the netherworld, a shadowed sanctum surrounded by echoes of bygone epochs, Lord Hades sat in a meditative position.

However, his mediation session was suddenly interrupted by a distant, yet profound tremor, a dissonance in the celestial harmony.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

His eyelids, heavy with the weight of eternal watchfulness, fluttered open.

His gaze pierced the veils of existence, reaching into the heart of his capital city.

Unlike Felix and the others, his vision was able to pierce through the veil of the red sphere, allowing him to see what was happening to his citizens.

What he witnessed would send shivers down anyone's spine as almost all spirits imprisoned within the red sphere were lying on the ground without a single twitch.

What was more shocking was the sight of their illumination being sapped out of their bodies, akin to candles on their last dying breath...

Those with low illumination started releasing a dark aura around their bodies, an ominous aura, resembling the fallen specters greatly!

"So, this is the method they have chosen?" Lord Hades uttered expressionlessly, seemingly unconcerned by the sight.

Instead of making a move to save his own citizen, he lifted his head and showed an indifferent look at the cosmos above.

"If you had to go this far to weaken me and open a portal to my realm, you should have just sent a message." Lord Hades sneered, "I would have opened the gates and welcomed you with open arms."