Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1490 Turning His Back on His Squad.

1490 Turning His Back on His Squad.

'Felix, this looks more serious than I thought.' Elder Kraken said with a solemn tone, 'I have never imagined the people of the eternal kingdom would invade the spirit realm.'

'It's really them...' Felix's expression turned cold all of a sudden, 'Don't tell me they are coming after Asna?'

'There is a possibility, but I believe this is more related to Lord Hades than her.' Elder Kraken shared, 'Lord Hades has locked the gates of the spirit realm to the eternal kingdom for some reason, so all of their dead spirits remain in their kingdom and the residents there aren't so loving of the idea.'

Felix was left startled by the information as he hadn't expected such hostility between the eternal kingdom and Lord Hades.

The fact that Lord Hades dared to lock the spirit realm from the eternal kingdom was even more shocking...Especially, when Felix knew that the eternal kingdom was the home of all unigins and those monstrous beings!

'Isn't doing that means starting a war with all unigins? What pushed him to take such a decision?' Felix asked.

'Who knows? It's not like he shares with us the woes of his home.' Elder Kraken warned, 'Don't waste your time on such useless nonsense, run as far as possible from the capital. I am certain a unigin or even a couple are going to come down he...'

RUMMMBLEE!!!!

Before he could finish his sentence, the entire heavenly plane seemed to have been hit by a massive earthquake, causing almost everyone to hug the ground.

Even when the ground shook, no one bothered to look at it. Instead, they all lifted their heads the instant they felt a monstrous overbearing pressure falling on their shoulders.

What they saw caused almost 30% of the spirits to pass out, 30% to lose complete control over their bladder in fear, and the remaining spirits to remain frozen on the spot with widened eyes.

It was Hephaestus emerging from the portal with a towering colossal height of several kilometers, resembling a living volcano!

His molten form radiating intense heat and his eyes blazing with fiery malevolence...His entire presence screamed of a holy deity who shouldn't even be looked at directly.

Felix and many others were punished almost instantly for their disrespectful transgression as their eyes were scorched from the inside out!

Argh! Aghuuh!! My eyes!!...

Many spirits dropped to the ground with their hands grasping their flaming eyes tightly in absolute agony.

Meanwhile, Felix and other experienced fighters swiftly used their telekinesis control to isolate the fire from their eyes, protecting whatever was left of them.

With great difficulty, Felix opened his eyes again and this time, he didn't dare stare at Godfather Hephaestus.

Panic rippled through the entire city as no one had seen or interacted with an actual Unigin this up close.

Even Felix's encounter with unigins was through Asna and Nimo...Both of them could be uttered to have never given him the real experience of dealing with a unigin due to their weakened strength and relationship with him.

"I...."

Suddenly, before Godfather Hephaestus could utter a single word or unleash his fiery wrath upon the heavenly plane, a rift in the fabric of reality opened before him.

From this rift, Lord Hades, dragging his radiant chains of cosmic punishment, manifested in all his spectral glory.

"Let's take this somewhere else." Lord Hades said, his overbearing tone resounding akin to thunder across the heavenly plane.

"Those chains sure suit a traitor like you." Godfather Hephaestus sneered.

"Looks like those old geezers have managed to convince you that not accepting their rules and leadership is a traitorous act." Lord Hades replied calmly, "How shameful, a unigin needing structure, rules, and hierarchy like mortals."

"The only thing shameful here is you, still carrying with your own universal duties for a master that will never appear again." Godfather Hephaestus retorted.

"At least, I am free."

Without wasting any more time in talking to him, Lord Hades reached out and a rift opened beneath Godfather Hephaestus's colossal form.

In an instant, both godlike beings were engulfed by the rift, disappearing from the heavenly plane under everyone's stunned expressions.

Before the silence could last for even a moment, it was broken down by the angels' army restarting their destruction more brutally than ever!

"PROTECT THE CITIZENS!!"

High Inspector Charleson shouted with a strict expression, seemingly trying his very, very best to keep his cool in this bizarre and f*cked-up situation.

At the moment, all he knew was that the heavenly plane was under attack and the citizens were being assaulted.

As a law enforcer, it was his duty to defend them with his life!

Felix, Nebula, Selaphel, Nidam, and all the law enforcers outside of the city heard their new inspector's order.

Besides Felix, the others all charged back into the city, which was now without a red sphere covering it, but under the attacks of a much scarier danger.

Fortunately, Lord Hades' blessings from before had yet to run out and many spirits were saved from instant death because of it.

Meanwhile, throughout this whole situation, Felix only managed to reach out to one conclusion.

'A chance to reunite with Asna!'

Albeit coldhearted and ruthless, Felix turned his back on the call and sought to meet up with his loved one.

He realized that Lord Hades would not be bothered to look at him when he clearly had a much bigger problem to handle.

This meant he would not have any other chance like this ever again if he dared miss it.

However, just as he was about to reach out to Elder Kraken and ask him about Asna's location, he heard the echoes of children's wails, women's screams, and men's pained groans...

The echos were distant, but the vibrations made them crystal clear to his ears... VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

'What am I doing?' He asked while staring at his reflection on his device screen...His face was indifferent, emotionless, and downright scary.

He never bothered to care about how he looked like, but now? He felt like he was staring at a monster he couldn't recognize...

'Was I really going to ditch my own duty and turn my back on my squad for the sake of my own personal benefit?'

'Was I really going to stoop that low?'

Felix knew himself to not be a white knight, a hero in shining armor who would jump at any danger for the sake of strangers...He wasn't like that and he had no plans to be one.

But, he wasn't a low life who would ignore his job's duty, his captain's orders, and his squadmates' plight for the sake of his desires.

What would his masters think of him if they heard about this? What would Asna see of him if she learned that he threw away everything that defied his character for the sake of meeting her?

Would she still admire and cherish him?

All Felix knew at the moment was he would not admire himself anymore if he dared turn his back on everyone who was there for him.

So, without an ounce of hesitation, Felix put back his device inside his pocket and narrowed his cold-blooded eyes on the flying angels above the city, shouting down beams on the ground like they were playing a Wreck-a-

Mole game.

'Let's clean this as quickly as possible before Lord Hades deals with his matters.'

While Felix didn't want to turn his back on his squad, it didn't mean that he planned on wasting this unique chance fighting those angels.

So, he planned on going absolutely all out!