Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1491 Angels Dropping Down Akin to Flies.

Felix took a deep breath and extended his arm forward...He closed his eyes and imagined the creation of a powerful crystalized sniper rifle made out of adamantine gemstone.

Since he had mastered this ability and understood exactly how it worked, his imagination bore to fruition.

The crystalized sniper rifle manifested on his arm, shimmering with a blinding light akin to a beacon.

Felix wasn't done.

He snapped his finger and purplish deadly liquid bullets were created in bulks before turning into hardened bullets.

He picked them up and loaded them inside the magazine while his right eye was placed on the scope, which was merely a small open hole.

His eye reflected a zoomed-up scene of a flying squad of angels, terrorizing three law enforcers who were putting their lives on the line to protect a house filled with refugees.

'It's been a while...' Felix said while caressing the smooth surface of the rifle. His hand kept moving down until his fingers landed on the trigger.

Szzzzzzz!!!

The moment they touched the trigger, tens of electric lighting rings manifested on the long barrel of the sniper rifle.

Now, the weapon was fully ready to devour anyone!

Still, Felix didn't fire.

'I never had the opportunity to use this technique in the living world against live targets.' Felix smiled coldly as he eyed the angels, 'Consider it your misfortune.'

His eyes suddenly turned white, showing a bright detailed runic hexagon on his pupils.

The moment it finished its creation, the electric lighting rings seemed to sizzle at ten times the usual speed!!

Felix applied none other than a time acceleration spell on the lightning rings, causing them to add even more explosive speed to the bullets!

He had tested this once in training and the result left his jaw wide open, and now it was time to be unleashed for real.

Felix's heart beat in rhythm with his measured breaths. With unparalleled focus, he finally squeezed the trigger.

The crystallized sniper rifle responded with a near-silent whisper, and the true poison bullet erupted from its barrel with supernatural speed, leaving a trail of shimmering essence in its wake!!

The bullet sailed through the heavenly realm's boundless expanse, a streak of iridescent doom hurtling toward its target.

The celestial angel, graceful and unsuspecting, continued shouting divine beams at the law enforcers, who were barely resisting the onslaughter...If it wasn't for Lord Hades' blessings from before, their life would have ended much sooner.

Then, in a moment that seemed to stretch into eternity, the true poison bullet found its mark.

It struck the angel with pinpoint accuracy, a flash of maleficent brilliance against the celestial canvas.

The angel didn't even seem to have felt anything as the bullet was so fast it penetrated right through his chest and continued its journey before landing on another angel many kilometers further than the first one!

"Get rid of them quickly, we have plenty of cities to cover!"

"We are trying, but it's mad annoying with Lord Hades' blessings protecting them."

"Try hard...Argh?!"

Ka-thumb!

The first angel felt his heart tightening up on him like it was being gripped by the grim reaper's hand.

His face contorted in utter agony as the venom seeped into his entire being in less than a second.

"Argh!!!! Argh!!!!"

Alas, the true pain had arrived a tad later after his soul got poisoned too, leaving him incapable of mustering a single thought!

All he could do was scream and bellow akin to a wounded dog in front of his squad's shocked expressions.

"What in the Lord's name..."

They muttered with chills coursing down their spine at the horrifying sight of their partner's once-illuminated wings dimming and its feathers turning black and falling into the ground like he caught a deadly plague.

Yet, what scared them the most was his brilliant faint skin turning purple with blackened spots appearing across his entire body.

"Ugh..."

With one last soft whimper, the sunken boneless angel fell to the ground and melted down, leaving behind him nothing but blackened brittle bones...

"..."

"..."

Both the angels and the law enforcers near the angel took a step back reflexively while holding their breaths in terror.

None of them had ever seen such an instant and gruesome death before and it made them fearful to have the same fate befall them.

While the law enforcers were blessed to have Felix on their side, the same couldn't be the same for the poor angels.

"Argh!!!"...."Ugh!!!!"...."It hurts!!"...

Before they could even react, they got taken out by the next barrage of bullets as Felix kept firing nonstop until he emptied the magazine!

Then, he racked a new one and continued his killing spree, causing the celestial angels, in their agonized descent, to resemble plummeting fragile bugs, with their wings unable to bear them any longer!

"Someone is taking down the angels! Who is it?!"

Inspector Charleson shouted in the intercom after noticing the sky getting cleaned off those heavenly bullies.

"It's not us! We got helped too!"

"Likewise! They were fighting us and suddenly collapsed into disgusting pools!"

"It must be poisonous arrows or something! But, how can poison causes such freakish damage?"

Plenty of law enforcers responded to the question, but none of them lied to take the credit. When Inspector Charleson saw that no one came forward, he didn't know whether it was an enforcer's doing or a powerful citizen offering his help.

Whatever it was, he wasn't complaining in the slightest.

Ten...Twenty...Fifty....Hundred....Two hundred!

As the number of fatalities began to climb higher and higher while the sky seemed less populated than before, the angels' battalion commander was finally notified.

"Commander Nottingham! Someone is slaying our forces at a rapid rate and we have yet to locate him!" An angel reported, his voice seemingly trembling a little.

He had witnessed his close partner melting right in front of him and he couldn't save him even when he used divine healing, which was powerful enough to heal any wound.

"How many casualties have we suffered?" Commander Nottingham asked composedly.

He was a figure of unwavering authority and discipline, presiding over the celestial angelic forces with an iron will. His countenance was marked by a stern visage, and his eyes bore the weight of countless responsibilities.

His position within the eternal kingdom seemed quite decent as even Duke Humphrey and his organization's five heads didn't dare to act brazen in his presence.

"It has crossed two hundred and it doesn't seem to be slowing down anytime soon."

"Two hundred angels killed in less than ten minutes without the assailant being spotted?" Duke Humphrey frowned, "Impossible, no one in the city is potent enough to pull this off without us knowing about him."

"All powerful high-level law enforcers have their positions marked and accounted for, so it can't be them." Sharky suggested, "It must be an outsider."

Sharky and Nolvar were freed from the prison the moment the red sphere covered the entire city.

At that point, no one was in his right mind to protect the jail when the citizens were getting blown into dark clouds.

Even though they weren't informed of Duke Humphrey's plan, they were prepared for anything to happen.

In this manner, they managed to not turn into fallen specters and survived with their telekinesis barrier until the portal opened up.

"What do you suggest, then?" Commander Nottingham asked with an indifferent look.

"Leave it to us, we will handle this outsider." Duke Humphrey uttered coldly, "You guys just focus on keeping the residents terrorized. The more spirits die, the weaker Lord Hades will be and give our godfather an advantage in their battle."

"Don't take too long." Commander Nottingham waved his hand, agreeing to their plan.

"Let's go."

Duke Humphrey turned around and flew back to the city with the five heads closely behind him and many other lower-ranked subordinates like Boss Alves, Quillon, and such.

Right now, Boss Alves resembled a feather under the mercy of the wind. He knew that it was already too late to change sides and receive Lord Hades' grace as this was nothing but a betrayal of the highest order.

So, he stuck close by to Duke Humphrey's side, understanding that they must have plans to survive as no one was stupid enough to start a war with a god and not have an escape plan.

'What did I get myself into...I just wanted to earn Lumus...' He thought with a bitter look, wanting to cry but having no tears to shed.

...

Meanwhile, many kilometers outside of the capital...Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Karra could be seen wiping Felix's sweaty forehead with a napkin while he was shooting down angels nonstop.

Sekiro, Miss Sanae, and little Timmy who had just arrived, were responsible for covering for him, so he could focus completely on his attacks.

Felix had given them his location the moment he left the city, knowing that Vixen would never die in such a manner.

"This is already his 278 confirmed kill...Yet, he shows no signs of stopping." Sekiro muttered while standing next to Miss Sanae.

"The more, the merrier." Miss Sanae grinned, "I can see ourselves getting rich and having our status rise after Lord Hades shuts down this war."

"Is all you think about is money?" Sekiro rolled his eyes and stopped wasting his time on her.

To be honest, Miss Sanae was merely putting up a front. In reality, deep down, she started to believe that Felix wasn't like any other spirit...

Sekiro and even Karra were feeling the same. Felix always gave them a strange feeling before, but as they watched him exterminate angels back and forth like some second-

rated mobsters, they were more certain than ever that he wasn't like them.

It was simply impossible for a spirit to grow this potent in less than a year even if he hit the absolute jackpot in traits...Simply impossible.

But, they didn't bring this matter to his attention as they didn't want him to lose his concentration.

In their minds, they believed that Felix trusted them with his secret, but in reality? He simply didn't care anymore about hiding his true powers.

In his eyes, he would leave permanently the moment he took care of the angels...