1493 Harbringer of Destruction!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The moment he found the biggest cluster of angels nearby, he teleported right amidst them, causing them to focus on him immediately.

Without any words exchanged, they attacked him with the same scorching divine beams, surrounding him with more than five beams in all directions!

Felix glanced at the approaching beams and manifested five basic gemstones. Then, he uttered, "Dimensional Imprisonment, Time Dilution."

His pupils glowed with two new runic hexagons before an invisible sphere emerged from his body and expanded until the beams and angels were included.

The angels' eyelids seemed to slowly rise in the air in shock at the sight of their beams moving at less than 1% of their speed in the direction of Felix!

"Let's see if you guys are immune to your own attacks."

Instead of killing them right away, Felix decided to run some experiments on them as it wasn't a normal occurrence to run into Eternal Kingdom's citizens.

"Spatial Displacement." He activated another spell and then watched as those five angels got their positions instantly shambled with the five gemstones!

Since the gemstones were grouped together, the angels ended up mushed up into a ball of flesh and limbs, resembling a Rat King[1].

Before their minds could even process this witchcraft they were under, Felix canceled the time dilution spell, and the five divine golden beams struck the armored angels into a single point!!

BOOOOM!! Argh!!! Ugh!!!!

While Felix could not understand their language, the screams of pain were universal for every creature.

'Interesting, they get affected just as difficult as us.' Felix analyzed as he watched them melt into a single mesh of flesh and blood while bellowing their eyes out.

After the beams died off, the five angels were nowhere to be seen, leaving behind them pieces of their armor, and bones falling into the ground.

'Are they using borrowed powers? It seems too powerful, too divine for them.' Felix wondered.

The damage those divine beams were just too terrifying as they could raze the entire ground up and collapse buildings like they were made out of paper.

Felix was already accustomed to light element abilities and those divine golden abilities were nothing like them.

'Captain! We found a powerful enemy! We need reinforcement.'

A white-haired angel with a metallic helmet on reported with a serious tone after watching his companions getting obliterated by Felix.

Before he could even attempt to provide assistance, his people were already erased from existence.

'Do not engage, reinforcement is on the way.'

'I will keep an eye on h...Huh? Where did he go?' The white-haired angel looked back and forth with bewildered expression after losing his sight of Felix.

He literally blinked once and that was all it took for him to lose Felix!

'I have los...!'

Before he could report it, a poisonous true bullet accelerated with time penetrated the back of his helmet and came out of his forehead.

Thud!

From a distance behind him, Felix was seen putting a tiny crystalized handgun in his pocket, before continuing his sprint to another location.

'I have to save as much spiritual energy as possible. The energy restoration treasures in my possessions aren't enough to last me forever.' Felix narrowed his eyes, understanding that he had to be efficient in his killings.

And so, in the heart of the capital city, Felix moved with an unsettling grace, a harbinger of destruction, using all sorts of abilities and techniques from an arsenal of more than ten elements!!

As Felix continued his rampage, he conjured a swirling maelstrom of true poison fog. It billowed through the streets, an insidious cloud that clung to the wings of angels and seeped into their every pore.

Their once-pure forms withered and twisted, their ethereal beauty devoured by the toxic haze...Their cries for mercy were silenced by the suffocating embrace of the poison fog.

He made sure that the streets were empty of innocent citizens before using weapons of mass destruction.

If it wasn't for the citizens being hidden under the rubble or underground, he would have used his condensed nukes and razed entire kilometers of surface area at once.

While he was going berserk mode, the mess he was creating hadn't gone unnoticed and the news reached the commander and Duke Humphrey.

'Pull your people away from the southern district, I will handle him.' Duke Humphrey requested from the commander while speeding away to the southern district.

The closest one to Felix was Nolvar and he has been following the noise ever since he started his mayhem.

At last, he managed to reach Felix when he was just about to engage against a retreating squad of angels.

"Huh? Are you sh*tting me?"

When he saw that it was Felix, the bastard who was causing them trouble for the entire year, he couldn't believe his eyes at all.

Soon, his disbelief and shock were turned to utter horror at the sight of those fleeing angels getting severed into pieces by spatial blades.

What terrified him the most was the fact that those angels seemed to have paused in midair, not moving an inch even when the spatial blades cut them off!

"This can't be real...Space? Time? Isn't he a sound elementalist..." The more he tried to understand the scene before him, the less it made sense.

Alas, he was staring a bit too hard, which activated Felix's senses and made him turn around and spot him hidden behind a falling building.

'F*ck!'

The moment Nolvar's eyes met Felix's, he felt his entire soul freeze on him...Even his legs turned a bit wobbly, like a prey spotting its primal predator!

Before he could break out of his daze, Felix appeared right in front of him with a faint cold smile.

"How are you doing, High Inspector?"

"Who...Who are you!! You can't be a mere newbie spirit! Are you a spy of Godfather Poseidon? Sent to ruin our godfather's plans!"

Scared sh*tless, Nolvar stuttered a series of questions as he stepped away from Felix.

He wanted to muster his courage and stand up before Felix, but the gallons of blood tainting Felix's entire body were enough to scare anyone to death.

"Godfather Poseidon? What are you on about?" Felix frowned in confusion.

"You really don't know?" Nolvar seemed to believe Felix's ignorance about their celestial matters.

He was working as a high Inspector for a very long time and this made him detect lies from truth easily.

"But...But how? How can you be this powerful and utilize so many elements in such a short time...How...Wait a second..." Nolvar's eyes widened in shock as he asked, "Have you maintained your memo...ARGH!!"

"You are talking too much."

Felix broke his knee with a single kick in the joint, causing Nolvar to start crying immediately.

One would think that he was weak or soft, and he would be completely right.

Ever since Nolvar became an Inspector, he never fought a single time and dirtied his own hands.

Even when he was quite a reputable fighter in his time, all he was now was a shadow of his former self and a mere broken knee was enough to leave him with teary eyes.

"Don't die on me now, I still need you to explain this mess." Felix leaned closer to his face and asked point blank, "What's your purpose of this invasion and what's your relation to the eternal kingdom?"

"If you want the answers to those questions, I am your man."

Suddenly, a disgruntled cold voice resounded deeply in Felix's ear, making his skin jolt out of place!

Just as he wanted to teleport away randomly, a brilliant golden fist landed square on his left cheek, shattering his telekinesis barrier instantly.

Whoooosh!! BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Felix flew akin to a cannonball into the ruined buildings, breaking walls upon walls before finally coming to a halt near a broken chandelier...

Cough! Cough!

With bloodshot dizzy eyes, Felix coughed out buckets of blood mixed in with a few shattered teeth.

It had been a long, long time since Felix had gotten punched the absolute wind out of him like this, leaving him completely disoriented.

"You have been messing with my plans for a long while now. So, you better stand up, I am not done with you yet."

Duke Humphrey appeared above him with an icy look etched on his face...His hands clasped behind his back and one of them was dripping with Felix's blood.

It was clear, he meant business!

[1] A rat king is a collection of rats whose tails are intertwined and bound together in some way. This may be a result of an entangling material like hair, a sticky substance such as sap or gum, or the tails being tied together