1494 Duke Humphrey Vs Felix. I

Felix fought against the numbness his body was under and stood up straight. He wiped the blood out of his lips and said coldly, "So, it was you,"

"How is Karra doing?" Duke Humphrey confessed emotionlessly, "She has been a great help in my experiment to create the negativity fuelers. The things I did to her, the things she had to go through to help me extract her negative energy...Phew..."

Duke Humphrey's smile grew a bit wide as he saw Felix's face turn icier and icier. "I am honestly astounded she managed to keep her sanity straight."

"Shut it..."

"If she didn't escape when my guard was lowered, she would have been one of the best negativity fuelers."

"I said shut it," Felix repeated, his voice almost sounding like an animal growl...His bloodshot murderous eyes made him resemble one.

"Or what?"

Duke Humphrey sneered as he used his overpowered telekinesis control to gain a tight hold on Felix, making it close to impossible for him to even bat an eye!

"You thought the bits of spiritual treasures you consumed made you a god around here?" Duke Humphrey mocked as he tightened his grip even further, causing Felix's bones to crack loud and clear. "I have consumed tens of millions worth of spiritual treasures to elevate my strength to its peak, so I could handle any trash that stands before me and my way back home."

Felix knew that he wasn't bullshiting him in the slightest. His telekinesis grip was so powerful, that it made him feel utterly hopeless.

While Felix had many powerful abilities, he really couldn't use them even if he wanted to. For example, Totality Collapse, Illusion Domain, and such were some of the highest and most complex powers to master in the universe.

Even if he used his imagination, he had absolutely no clue how they worked, which meant he could not rely on them at all.

The only powers he could use were the ones he spent time learning and mastering, allowing his imagination to have substance to it.

Fortunately, there was an advanced ability that was powerful enough to be considered close to an ultimate ability.

Felix knew that it was his only hope to free himself.

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix used Concept Destruction Mist and marked Duke Humphrey's telekinesis energy!

The crimson red mist emerged from Felix akin to a subduing tinger awoken from a deep slumber, engulfing him entirely.

"Hmm?"

Duke Humphrey frowned in confusion as he felt like his telekinesis energy was being eaten by the crimson mist.

'This can't be.'

Refusing to believe it, Duke Humphrey's eyes blazed with determination as he extended his hand, attempting to exert his telekinetic dominance over Felix.

But the concept destruction mist held strong, devouring the waves of telekinetic vitality and causing them to dissipate harmlessly into the mist's abyssal depths!

Felix, a cruel smile playing on his lips, broke free from his grasp and landed on his knees. Even when half of his body's bones were broken or on the verge of shattering, he still refused to lie on the ground.

"What have you done?"

Duke Humphrey asked with a solemn tone as he retreated a step back, feeling his danger instincts tingling at the sight of his enemy seemingly set in crimson flames.

'Did the duke just retreat?' Nolvar's eyes widened in shock.

He heard too much about the duke's legends in the eternal kingdom and his upbearing to reach his current position to see him retreat before a nobody.

This made him realize that Felix was even more terrifying than he initially assumed.

'Sh*t, this is too much for me.' Nolvar wanted dearly to leave this area, but he didn't dare ditch the duke.

"You will know later on,"

With a deep, controlled breath, Felix summoned his water-sacred healing ability, a power rarely seen in his arsenal.

Concentrating his will, Felix channeled the sacred water's essence within him. A gentle, luminescent glow enveloped his physique as the healing energies flowed through his veins.

The water's soothing touch mended his shattered bones and closed his grievous wounds, knitting his flesh back together at an insane rate.

In merely a couple of seconds, Felix's skin exhilarated all the filth and bad blood resulting from his wounds, leaving him in relief from the agony that had plagued him moments before.

Felix almost never used water to heal himself even though it possessed one of the best healing properties in all elements. That's because of his insane rejuvenation from elder Kraken's bloodline.

But now, he had no mutation from his previous life, so he had to rely on all of his elemental arsenal.

'Duke! This bastard is a strange one! I saw him use space and time abilities. He was killing most angels with poison, and we know he can use fire and sound elements. Now, he even controls water and whatever that crimson mist?' Nolvar shared with a concerned tone. 'He can't master all of those elements in less than a year. I am afraid, he isn't a normal spirit.'

Even without Nolvar saying this, Duke Humphrey reached the same conclusion after finally guessing the origin of the crimson mist.

'Destruction element...How did he learn it? It can't be from here.' Duke Humphrey narrowed his eyes at Felix before asking him, "Have you retained your memories? Did that irritating b*tch help you somehow with it?"

Duke Humphrey was there when Asna and Felix were brought together at the council...He saw how Lord Hades severed their souls and sent them on their merry ways.

While it was impossible for other spirits to maintain or recover their memories, he could see it happening with Felix since Asna shared both of their memories.

The only issue with his analysis was his understanding of Lord Hades, knowing that he wouldn't allow Asna to help him like this.

"How did you pull it off?" He asked, somewhat curious.

"She might be annoying, but no one insults my woman besides me."

Felix didn't even listen to his question as his mind zoned out the moment he heard his insult.

"So, you do remem..."

Whoosh!!

Before Duke Humphrey could finish his sentence, Felix appeared right in front of his face and punched him with all of his force in the same cheek!

Duke Humphrey's telekinesis barrier was thick enough to block the punch easily, however, it could do nothing at all against the destruction aura around Felix's fist.

Realizing the danger he was in, Duke Humphrey got rid of his nonchalant attitude and focused completely on taking down Felix.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Because of Felix's destruction mist protecting him from Duke Humphrey's overpowered telekinesis control, the battle seemed to have regained some balance as they were engaged in a relentless combat dance!

Their powers collided in cataclysmic clashes, each blow they exchanged sent shockwaves that rippled through the already shattered cityscape!

Duke Humphrey grew impatient and decided to use his elemental abilities, finally accepting that his telekinesis powers were useless in this fight.

"Magma Pulse!"

He pulled away from Felix and clapped both of his hands on the ground below, causing burning magma and lava to erupt in hundreds of fissures, rushing in the direction of Felix.

Felix hadn't expected magma to be used, so he wasn't given much time to react, forcing him to use the first defensive ability in mind.

"Adamantine Gates!"

Whoosh! Whoosh Whoosh!

Three white crystallized thick gates erupted from the ground up in a single line and blocked the magma and lava!

However, because the ground was shaken up pretty badly, the gates weren't able to stand for far too long.

Thud! Thud!...

They soon lost their balance and fell over, but Felix was already gone. When he appeared, he was a couple of meters away from Duke Humphrey's back!!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This was the sign of a battle-experienced master, counter-attacking in the least expected time.

"Checkmate," Felix uttered icily while his pupils illuminated with a white hexagon.

The instant the hexagon was created, time seemed to have come to a halt around both Felix and Duke Humphrey.

The only difference was that Felix had marked Time with his destruction concept aura, nullifying the time-slowing effect on his physique alone!!!

"DUKE!!"

Nolvar cried out loud in fear and shock as he watched Felix manifesting a spatial blade in his hand and swinging it at the unmoving head of his master!

He wanted to rush and save him, but his wiggly legs had absolutely no strength to them.

When the spatial blade was about to make contact, Nolvar closed his eyes in despair, not able to accept the next scene.

Psssssssss!!!

When he heard the sound of flesh ripping apart and blood spewing out, his heart sunk for a little before his rationality took over.

'How can I hear such sounds while he used a spatial blade?' He thought in confusion while opening his eyes again.

What he saw next left him utterly stunned.

Instead of Duke Humphrey being decapitated as he expected, his eyes showed him his master glowing in brilliant divine light while his glowing right arm extended through Felix's chest, lifting him high above...

Blood was dripping from Duke Humphrey's right hand, seemingly holding onto something red and fleshy...When Nolvar squinted hard, shivers coursed through his spine after realizing that it was Felix's heart!

"How..." Felix muttered, his eyes couldn't help but hide the shock and disbelief in them.

The second chapter will be released either tonight or tomorrow! I know you cussing me over the cliffhanger. >.<