Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1495 Duke Humphrey Vs Felix. II

1495 Duke Humphrey Vs Felix. II

"How? I want to tell you, but your mind isn't equipped with the intelligence to understand the answer." Duke Humphrey replied nonchalantly while pulling back his arm from Felix's chest and hurling him to the side like a rag doll.

Thud!!

Felix rolled three times on the floor before his back smashed against a wall. He remained leaning against it with his head lowered and blood gushing out of his gaping wound...

'Wa...ter...Esse...nse...Healing...Pois...on...Restorat..ion.'

Felix tried to use his available healing powers to recover from such a devastating wound, but alas...His entire heart was missing and his healing abilities weren't equipped to restore such a vital organ before he dropped dead...

'I can...'t...Go...Out...Like...This.'

And so, against his wishes, his resolve, and his will, Felix's eyelids dropped down until they were closed, marking the end of his chapter in the spirit realm...

The moment he lost consciousness, his soul turned into a small floating flame, hovering in its place, at the mercy of anyone near it.

Felix was strong, no, he was too powerful, but he wasn't in his element with all of his powers.

Yet, the thing that really f*cked him over was his lack of knowledge about his enemy and his powers.

"Duke! I knew you would win!" Nolvar came running to the scene with a hearty laugh, the complete opposite of his previous despair.

Not too bothered, Duke Humphrey canceled off the divine blessing and ordered coldly, "Contact the commander and tell him the vermin have been taken care of, they can take control over the sky again."

"On it!" Nolvar turned to look at Felix's soul flame and asked with an icy tone, "What do we do with him?"

"Hand him over to an angel and make him erase his existence." Duke Humphrey ordered while flying away, "I have already wasted enough of my divinity on trash."

"I have it covered."

Nolvar gave him a slight head nod and walked towards Felix's soul flame. He lifted him up and brought him close to his face.

"Oh, how I wish it was possible to hurt you now." Nolvar sighed in disappointment, knowing that spirits couldn't feel anything in this form.

So, he could only spit on him over the humiliation he put him through before taking off...As he was flying towards the nearest squad of angels, he met with Sharky and Gravus on the way.

Nolvar told them what happened and both of them couldn't help but show surprised expressions as they eyed Felix's soul flame.

"I can't believe he managed to force the Duke to tap in on his divinity." Gravus said, "He treasured it more than anything since he can't get it restored unless he returned back to the eternal kingdom." Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"He never used it before, even I completely forgot that he possessed it." Nolvar remarked with an envious tone, "But, it's really amazing. You should have seen it in action. Its aura alone canceled off all activated elements of this bastard."

"It's expected, he is using the greatest divinity in the eternal kingdom, Radiant Codex Divinity...Only acclaimed upper citizens of the eternal kingdom are worthy to be blessed by it." Gravus said with a stern tone, "Its bestower is the most powerful being in the entire universe and all of its realms. It's a dream come through to be receptive to his gifts."

"One day boys, One day," Sharky said, his eyes gleaming with desire and hope as he stared at the portal high above.

...

In a few moments, they met up with the angels' squad and requested them to eliminate Felix's soul flame.

"This is the soul of the f*cker who was assassinating your forces." Sharky shared with a cold tone.

"Say no more."

This was enough to convince the angels as they dropped their duties immediately and turned to face Felix's soul flame.

"Seraphiel, finish him off." The squad captain ordered a beautiful green-eyed angel.

Seraphiel placed her outstretched hand right on top of Felix's soul flame and began to glow with scorching divine light, a celestial fire capable of purging even the darkest of souls.

Whooosh!!

Just as the divine scorching light emerged from her palm was about to land on the flame's soul, a sudden colossal water tentacle emerged from the ether!

It was sinuous and serpentine, reaching out with a preternatural grace and snatching the flame soul in the blink of an eye!

"Huh?"

Seraphiel, stunned and powerless against this unforeseen intervention, could only watch in disbelief as her divine beam got wasted on a ruined building, blowing it into pieces.

Abruptly, Elder Kraken's voice echoed through the heavenly plane like the rumbling of distant thunder.

"The fate of this soul is not yours to decide," he intoned, his words resonating with the power of the oceans.

"Elder Kraken!"

Sharky, Nolvar, and Gravus all showed ugly expressions at the sight of Elder Kraken flying high above them.

He was in his humanoid form, but there were eight giant octopus water tentacles, waving around threateningly.

Still, none of them seemed afraid of him...In fact, they entered battle stance with cold looks, clearly not planning to leave this place without Felix's soul.

Their attitude was understandable as Elder Kraken was known to have climbed to his position through his remarkable intelligence.

Since he never fought before, everyone assumed that he didn't bother to concentration on his strength like most heavenly elders.

"How disappointing Gravus, you turned your back on the realm also." Elder Kraken shook his head in disapproval.

"I never had my back on your side in the first place." Gravus asked coldly, "Now, hand over the soul and we might let you go."

"Let me go?" Elder Kraken sighed, "I was never a fan of battles, but it seems I can never run away from them even in the afterlife."

"Stop wasting our time and do as we say."

Nolvar's confidence was over the roof compared to his fight against Felix. It was because of none other than the angels' squad behind him.

"Both of you are wasting our time." The angels' squad captain got disgruntled and ordered sternly, "Kill him and the spirit fla..."

Whip! Whip! Whip! Whip! Whip! Whip! Whip! Whip!

Eight targets, Eight tentacles, Eight whips, One fate.

Getting sent hurling downward, their forms reduced to a mere flesh paste upon impact...

This happened in a fraction of a heartbeat, they didn't even know what happened to them or feel any pain from both attacks.

They died instantly like they were mere flies getting swatted to their damnation...

"Ah...How terrible."

Elder Kraken shook his head in disappointment before turning around and taking off toward his mansion with Felix's soul in hand.

On his journey there, his water tentacles kept whipping any angel on the way to oblivion, clearing the road for him.

Those tentacles seemed extremely potent compared to the ones Felix using...They were carrying like a million tons for each hit, turning anything hit by them into powder!

When he arrived at his mansion, he placed Felix's flame spirit on the table in front of him and reached out to Carbuncle.

"I have saved him, thanks for the tip."

"This is the least I can do," Carbuncle replied with a stern tone. "I never thought he would actually lose against the duke. If I knew this, I would have reached out to you much sooner to help him out."

Even since the 'apocalypse' occurred, Carbuncle kept his all-seeing eyes on Felix and other important figures in his life.

He watched Felix combat the angels and absolutely decimate them even when they possessed divine energy.

This made him confident that Felix would win against the duke. Alas, that twist had left him stunned just like Felix.

"I am taken back as much as you." Elder Kraken nodded solemnly, "Our boy isn't a weakling to lose so easily...That godliness in the duke's possession is too peculiar."

Both elders were lacking in wisdom when it came to the eternal kingdom. It was understandable as the scribes had no access to any information about it.

Lord Hades was also uptight about its knowledge, which meant the only way to learn about it was through the ones living there and coming out.

"I have listened to the three traitors' conversation, they mentioned something about types of divinities and that the one in the duke's possession was the highest of order, bestowed by the strongest being in the universe." Carbuncle shared.

"If it's him bestowing it, then I can see why the duke was able to finish off Felix."

Elder Kraken narrowed his eyes in focus, knowing that the being was one of the three rulers of the eternal kingdom...Most importantly, one of the perpetrators accountable for incarcerating Asna!