Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Chapter 1496 Asnaleigha, The Exiled Celestial.

1496 Asnaleigha, The Exiled Celestial.

"This is all I know at the moment," Carbuncle said.

"You have already shared too much." Elder Kraken warned, "I know that Lord Hades isn't focusing on his duties, but don't push it, so when he returns order again, you might keep your position at the excuse of assisting in the war."

"We will handle that when the time comes." Carbuncle frowned as he watched Felix from the video call, "What do we do now about him?"

"It will take a minimum of a week for his soul to recover even if he consumed all the best restoration treasures in the realm." Elder Kraken sighed, "An entire week, I doubt this invasion will last half a day unless Lord Hades somehow lost."

Elder Kraken might not have liked the invasion to happen, but he saw it as the perfect chance for Felix to leave the heavenly plane and return to his body without needing the Charon or anything else.

He could literally escape the heavenly plane and meet up with Lord Quetzalcoatl somewhere in the spirit realm and let him handle it from there.

Now that Felix was a mere soul flame, it wasn't possible without Charon's assistance. They would never break the rules like this even if their Lord wasn't watching them.

"I guess she is his only hope at the moment," Carbuncle smiled wryly.

"Who's she?"

"Who else?"

"Are you serious?" Elder Kraken raised an eyebrow in surprise, "That other troublemaker is coming here?"

"Coming?" Carbuncle chuckled, "She has already arrived."

...

Asna could be seen soaring high above the capital city, her mesmerizing beauty was somehow even more divine and celestial than all the angels below combined.

'Where are you, Felix?'

Yet, her bewitching face had a deep scowl as she used her soul familiarity to sense Felix's spirit in the capital city.

Amidst the chaos and devastation below, she felt a faint whisper calling for her from the northern district.

The feeling flickered like a dying ember, on the very verge of extinguishing, making her realize that his soul was teetering on the precipice of oblivion.

'How can it be so weak?!'

Asna's radiant eyes widened with anguish and rage as she beheld the state of Felix's soul.

She knew that this state implied that Felix's spirit had lost its physical properties and could be said to have died in the spirit realm.

"Bastards...BASTARDS!!"

Enraged beyond measure, Asna manifested two blazing wings with celestial white fire as she descended into the city.

Without an ounce of hesitation, she flapped her wings once, and a tempest of celestial flames was left in her trail while she flew toward Felix.

This trail of celestial white flames had annihilated any angel unfortunate enough to stand in her path!

They were reduced to nothing more than twinkling fragments of stardust, their forms torn asunder by her unstoppable wrath.

Yet, this wasn't the worst part!

The celestial flames seemed to have a mind of its own, hunting down even the furthest angels from Asna!

"COMMANDER! WE ARE BEING ASSAULTED BY DIVINE FLAMES!"

"ARGH!!! WE ARE UNDER ATTACK FROM A CELESTIAL!"

The angels reported the situation on their dying breaths, realizing almost instantly that the flames belonged to the eternal kingdom.

"Who is it?" Commander Nottingham frowned, "Did you get a good look at the target?"

"There is no target! It's just celestial flames chasing us off!"

"This can't be..."

Commander Nottingham stood up from his chair, understanding that only beings from the upper celestial echelon were able to control divine energies in such a manner.

"It has to be her." Duke Humphrey said coldly, "Asnaleigha, The Exiled Celestial."

"She is here? Why the f*ck am I knowing about this now? Does the Godfather know about this?" Commander Nottingham was infuriated.

No one updated him about Asna and he ought to feel enraged...His soldiers were in extreme danger as there was no way they could face off against a celestial regardless of whether she was at her weakest possible state or not.

"I have already told the godfather about her and he said he has set up a plan to take care of her." Duke Humphrey replied with a cold smile, "All you have to do is trust in his vision."

"It's not like I can do anything else." Commander Nottingham rubbed his eyelids as he returned to his seat.

He understood that even if he led his army personally against Asna, they wouldn't be able to touch a single hairstrand of hers.

So, he could only order his armies to lay low for a while until Asna got taken care of by his godfather.

...

Amidst the depths of Elder Kraken's mansion that stood as an imposing edifice in this unholy war.

Asna, her large feathery wings aglow with celestial fire, burst through the mansion's imposing gates, a murderous glint etched in her eyes.

Following her senses, she swiftly arrived at a dimly lit living room and there, upon a weathered table, she found Felix's soul flame, flickering like a fragile candle in a storm.

Eyes brimming with a murderous glare, Asna turned her attention to Elder Kraken, who was sitting in front of it with a wry smile, knowing that Asna wasn't going to let him off the hook.

As expected, her voice trembled with anger as she demanded, "How could you let him fall to such a state? You couldn't even protect him for a few minutes until I arrived?!"

Before Elder Kraken could respond, Carbuncle emerged as a hologram and defended him.

"If it wasn't for Elder Kraken intervening to save him, Felix would have been erased from existence. The ones you should be angry at are Duke Humphrey and the invaders."

Asna's fiery gaze shifted to Carbuncle, her anger momentarily quelled by confusion. "Duke Humphrey? Tell me what happened exactly."

Asna also didn't believe that Felix would lose to a spirit no matter how strong he was if he went all out.

But after Elder Kraken narrated everything that went down, Asna couldn't help but feel angry at no one but herself.

"I should have told him at least about the divine energies...If he knew about them, he wouldn't have been caught by surprise like that."

Asna wanted to keep Felix in the dark about matters related to the eternal kingdom since she knew it would do nothing but overwhelm him and make him feel utterly hopeless.

The eternal kingdom would even make primogenitors and elemental lords feel hopeless, don't even mention him.

But her withholding key information ended up f*cking off Felix big time as he never expected there would be a divine energy capable of canceling off even time abilities.

"It's no use to blame yourself." Carbuncle said calmly, "What's important is to get Felix out of the heavenly plane as fast as possible before Lord Hades returns...We need you to hasten his soul's recovery. Can you do it?"

"Leave it to me." Asna nodded.

She closed her eyes off and extended her hands towards Felix's fragile soul flame...Her divine energy, shimmering and pure, emanated from her being in a shimmering aura of celestial light.

With unwavering focus, Asna gently infused Felix's wavering essence with her own divine power.

The soul flame responded, its feeble glow gaining strength with each passing moment. The once-tattered threads of Felix's spirit wove themselves back together, knitting into a luminous and whole form once more.

Asna's eyes shimmered with tears of relief as she watched Felix's soul flame begin to grow bigger and bigger until it was turned into a complete spirit again.

Only then did she stop channeling her celestial energy into him.

After his form became whole again, he slowly became aware of the world around him and his muddled eyes opened up to the light yet again.

The instant clarity was restored, his gaze locked onto Asna's tearful face, and he saw the profound emotions etched in her expression...Love, forgiveness, guilt, and unshakable devotion.

Instinctively, Felix reached out with his hand, his spirit form ethereal and gentle, and tenderly wiped away a tear that traced a silvery path down Asna's shimmering cheek.

It was a basic yet profound gesture, a wordless recognition of the pain he had caused and the redemption he sought...

Asna's tearful eyes met Felix's, and in that moment, they conveyed more than words ever could.

"I have missed you like nothing else..." Felix muttered, his voice cold, distant, yet still, making Asna feel the genuine love he had for her.

She leaned closer to him until their foreheads were slightly touching and replied with a soft angelic voice, "And I have ached for your presence more than my freedom..."