Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1497 A Mere Shockwave.

1497 A Mere Shockwave.

Felix cupped Asna's face in his hands, his fingers trembling with emotion...Her eyes, her lips, her face, her soul, everything seemed so radiant like he was holding into a warm and gentle sun.

The moment she smiled, its warm brilliance had dawned on his frozen heart like a sun dawning in the closest of winters...

"I was foolish enough to think that separating from you would make my love fade away, if just by a little..." Asna chuckled softly, "It only grew stronger and more intense, making it unbearable to watch you without yearning for your presence, your touch, and your love..."

With every tender word, and every loving glance from Asna, the ice that had encased his heart began to crack and splinter.

Like a gentle thaw, the warmth of her affection whispered through the frozen chambers, stirring life within.

The once-veiled heart, now bathed in the soft light of her devotion, began to beat anew; a rhythm of love, forgiveness, and rebirth...

Felix, now unburdened by the chains of his new persona, felt the rush of emotions flood his being.

A faint familiar, gentle smile tugged at the corners of Felix's lips as if the very essence of his former self had awakened from a deep slumber.

His eyes, once cold and grim, seemed to shimmer with a restored light, a glimmer of the kind soul that had once shone so brightly.

"I love you..."

"I love you too..."

These were the first words released out of Felix's mouth after his return, making Asna lean forward until their lips met in a tender, loving kiss...

In that sweet moment, all the pain of the past and present faded into insignificance, replaced by the warmth and passion of their rekindled affection.

"Wow, That works?"

Elder Kraken muttered in surprise, realizing that Asna had helped Felix beat the memories reformation system, which shouldn't have been possible without a set of conditions.

Memories decide personality and the only way for spirits to have their personalities changed was to go through either a trauma, have their memories replaced, or a burst of new memories added.

But, Felix hadn't gone through any of this...He simply felt Asna's genuine love for him and it was enough to shatter his iced heart, awakening a similar version of his previous self.

"That's the power of true love..." Carbuncle smiled kindly at the scene of Felix and Asna hugging each other in peaceful silence.

It was a moment of profound reunion, a testament to the power of love and redemption.

In that fleeting smile and the light in his eyes, an image of himself and his wife overlapped with them, making his smile turn even bigger.

Suddenly, all of them were jolted after sensing an approaching powerful vibrational waves from the south.

Rummmble!!!!

The mansion began to shake like it was suffering under an eight-degree earthquake, causing paintings to fall off, chairs to flip, and the fish in water tanks to swim all over the place in agitation.

"What's this?"

Felix and Asna were forced to cut their reunion short and fly off outside of the mansion with Elder Kraken, wanting to check on the situation.

The moment they exited the mansion, they were shocked to see a massive dust cloud that was touching the sky, devouring the entire surface of the heavenly plane!

It was like an apocalyptic scene from a movie after a meteor landed.

"Is this the doing of the eternal kingdom?" Felix asked, his voice as cold as ever.

His emotions might have been awakened by Asna, but it didn't mean that he became kind and soft or such.

"No..." Asna shook her head, her eyes locked on all the fleeting angels, who were trying to find cover from the approaching storm.

"Then what?"

"This is a shockwave..." Elder Kraken gulped with a solemn expression before continuing, "A shockwave resulted from Lord Hades and Hephaestus' battle."

"..." Felix felt chills course on his spine at the sound of that.

He understood that their battle must be happening extremely far away, yet, just a simple shockwave from it was enough to raze the entire heavenly plane!

When Felix saw the direction it was coming from, he instantly broke off his daze and uttered, "Be right back!"

Then, he teleported back to where he left Karra, Sekiro, Miss Sanae, and her servant.

WHOOOSH!! WHOOOSH!!

The moment he reappeared, he was assaulted by a vortex of radiant and chaotic forces locked in a tumultuous dance!

Felix protected himself with crystalized armor and pushed through the ravaging storm, looking here and there until finally locating his closed ones tucked together inside a telekinesis barrier powered by Sekiro.

He was seen standing with great difficulty as he affixed his sword on the ground, holding it tightly while shielding Karra, Miss Sanae, and little Timmy behind him.

Miss Sanae was also offering her help by enhancing the telekinesis barrier, but it was clear that the storm was simply way too powerful for them.

Just as it started to crack and about to collapse on itself, Felix appeared amidst them to their shock, and teleported them back to Elder Kraken's mansion.

"That was a close one." Felix sighed in relief as he gazed at Miss Sanae and his servants' taken-back looks.

"Master!!"

Karra was the first to rush to his side and hug his legs while shivering, resembling a frightened baby dear.

"That took the wind out of me...Thanks..."

Meanwhile, Sekiro fell on his butt with sweat covering his entire forehead and chest heaving up and down in exhaustion.

"As expected, my darling will never let me turn into a wisp." Miss Sanae grinned playfully as she locked her arms with Felix.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Felix, Carbuncle, and Elder Kraken all proceeded silent simultaneously and turned in Asna's direction, each showing a different expression.

While she had a faint smile on her gorgeous face, it did nothing to cover for the glint of craziness in her eyes.

"So, you had this kind of relationship with her, huh? I left you for a year to your own devices and your d*ck has already taken charge? Is that it?" Asna spoke with a soft angelic voice...But in Felix's ears, it seemed even more terrifying than the chaotic storm on the outside.

"What relationship? This lunatic always likes to joke around."

Faster than the speed of light, Felix slipped out of Miss Sanae's hands and appeared next to Asna, locking his hand with hers to appease her a little.

"Tell her." Felix glared at Miss Sanae, 'For your own sake, you better agree with me and don't joke around.'

Felix always knew that Asna was a bit crazy possessive when it arrived to other girls being close to him.

But, since she didn't have any powers and was linked with his soul, Selphie, and other threats were left at peace.

But now that she had her own soul and her powers somewhat restored...Angering her or touching her craziness was the same as poking a god.

"Haha, I didn't expect you to have such a breathtaking girlfriend. You sure get more and more mysterious by the second."

Miss Sanae chuckled to ease the atmosphere after her danger senses tingled like crazy the moment her eyes locked in with Asna's whirlpools.

When she noticed that Asna hadn't reacted to her compliment and was still giving her the same sinister smiley face, she understood that this wouldn't end unless she explained herself and apologized.

And so, she did. "I am sorry for creating any confusion or trouble, I was just teasing him."

Immediately after, Asna's aura returned to peaceful again, showing Miss Sanae her good side.

"I see, it's okay, as long as nothing happened. Right?" She said while giving Felix a side glance.

"Right, right." Felix concurred immediately, relieved that the crisis had been diverted.

Asna was easily jealous when it arrived to him and he loved that about her even though it could be a bit much sometimes.

"The situation on the outside isn't too good." Elder Kraken suddenly interjected, "The shockwave has brought the entire city to ruination and it is heading up north to other cities."

"Most spirits must have turned into wisps if they had nothing or no one to cover them." Felix frowned, "The angels shouldn't be too affected by this, which means after the storm eases a little, they will start executing those defenseless wisps."

"We can't let that happen." Asna uttered coldly, "Each erased soul in the realm will make it worse for Lord Hades. He is already weakened immensely due to the universe's punishment."

"Even while weakened, I can't see him losing in his own realm." Felix inquired with a confused tone, "Am I wrong?"

"You have no idea." Asna grinned wryly as she stared at the ceiling, but her pupils reflected the spinning portal high above.

The second chapter will be released tonight!Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com