Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1500 The Four Divinities.

1500 The Four Divinities.

'I agree, but first, let's do this so we can talk in peace.' Asna smiled at Felix for a moment. Then, with a snap of her fingers, time itself came to a screeching halt.

In an instant, the capital city froze in motion. Angelic warriors, with their glistening armor and radiant wings, stood motionless mid-flight.

Duke Humphrey, his regal form suspended in the air, was caught in the midst of a powerful incantation, his eyes wide with surprise.

The heavenly plains stretched out in eerie silence as if the very fabric of reality had been paused. Only Asna, Felix, and Elder Kraken remained unaffected by the temporal stasis.

Both Felix and Elder Kraken were left staring at the entire frozen capital with the thousands of unmoving angels with widened eyes, incapable of believing the sight before them.

"You...You can do this?" Felix stuttered as he looked back at Asna.

"Hehe, now that my soul is free and the eternal kingdom portal is open, I can do more than this." Asna chuckled with a look of pride etched on her face. "What do you think? You were always making fun of me for being useless...This is a mere small taste of my powers."

"Who would have thought...You weren't so useless after all." Felix murmured as he kept looking around him.

"I know you are just jealous and teasing me." Asna didn't take the bait and got provoked.

"Honestly, for someone to have the title Origin of Laws. I expected much more than this." Elder Kraken rubbed his chin as he asked, "Can't you freeze the time in the entire heavenly plane? Or erase those flying insects with a wave of a hand?"

"I can do much more than that, but I need celestial energy." Asna sighed, "I am still too weak and too young, I still haven't even gotten my true awakening. So, I have to depend on celestial energy to empower such powerful abilities and at this moment only a little of it is slipping from the eternal kingdom's portal."

"Wait, don't unigins not need energy?" Felix frowned.

"Who told you that?" Asna rolled her eyes at him, "In this universe, nothing can be created without an equal amount of energy being lost."

"Nimo..."

"Nimo has been devouring void energy ever since he was born, he might be eating it for growth, but most of it is used to fuel the creation of his law-based abilities." Asna clarified, "The only difference is that law-based abilities remain permanently unless they were canceled by the creator while elemental abilities require a constant amount of energy to maintain them."

"So, that's how it worked...I always found it weird that unigins can create stuff out of nowhere without trading off anything." Felix nodded in understanding, "It seemed too illogical."

Unigins might be considered masters of the laws, but even they were under this constraint imposed by the universe.

If it wasn't for this, neutral and elemental energy would be absolutely useless if it was used only to create fake and temporary abilities when it was considered a massive part of the universe's ecosystem.

"Wait, does this mean this city can remain frozen in time forever?" Felix asked with a surprised tone.

"Yes, unless I canceled it or someone intervened and broke it apart like the Space/Time Unigin." Asna nodded.

"Monsters...You guys really are a different breed..."

Felix began to understand slowly why Asna never wanted to tell him about the eternal kingdom and the monsters in it.

The ability to mess up with the universe's laws in real-

time and permanently was simply too god-like.

He was not ready in the slightest to deal with them.

"It's not the proper time to give you all the details about the eternal kingdom. But, you should know more about the divinities, celestial energy, and the three rulers at least."

"I am all ears," Felix said with a stern tone...Even Elder Kraken's ears perked up in curiosity.

"There are four types of divinities and they are called, Brilliant Runic Divinity, Resplendent Divinity, Incandescent Divinity, and lastly, Radiant Codex Divinity...All of them have a single main source and it's Celestial Energy. If you want to understand divinities, you must learn about it first." Asna explained, "Celestial energy is a special type of energy that exists only in the eternal kingdom. It's extremely potent and one drop of it could be compared to a hundred drops of the purest type of elemental energy."

"That powerful?" Felix's eyelids raised in surprise.

"It is the current known most powerful and potent source of energy across the entire universe and nothing can come on par with it." Asna dropped a bombshell, "The best part? It can be used to fuel all elemental/law abilities, devices, items, potions, and whatnot." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

This had indeed startled Felix as he didn't expect such a potent type of energy to be neutral and accepting of all possible sources!

"Isn't it a bit too overpowered?" Felix frowned as he eyed the frozen angelic armies, "How can we deal with the eternal kingdom when they can cast a hundred times more powerful abilities than us?"

Energy was a massive issue in battles and even primogenitors struggled immensely with it. Imagine Thor or J?rmungandr traveling the universe in their astronomical sizes and with celestial energy as their fuel.

They wouldn't need to devour planets and such to consume neutral energy and turn it into their own elemental energy so often.

In addition, this kind of energy would allow them to cast many powerful abilities with very little power source to go with it.

"You don't have to worry about that, not everyone in the eternal kingdom is able to use the celestial energy...Only those blessed by the three rulers or a celestial of their rank can use it." Asna clarified, "Even then, those people are special and rare since celestial energy is extremely limited in quantity and the three rulers make sure to not bless unworthy ones."

"Wait, if that's so, how are there this many angels using divine energies? Isn't their source celestial energy?" Felix was confused.

"They are using Incandescent Divinity...It's a standardized type of divinity, which has the least amount of celestial energy in it. It can only scorch and destroy unlike the other three which each has a special effect. Since the requirement to be blessed by a portion of it is minimal, it's obtainable by the majority of the eternal kingdom's citizens."

"I see." Felix nodded in understanding.

"How about the other three? The duke must have been using a special kind. When he activated it and was surrounded by that intense golden light, I felt like I was nothing but a helpless mortal before the might of the entire universe." Felix said with a solemn tone.

He had fought against other angels before and even though they were using a divinity, it was nowhere near what he felt before the duke.

"I heard that he canceled all of your elemental abilities." Asna anwsered with an icy tone, "It must be Radiant Codex Divinity. It's the highest and most powerful divinity in the universe. It held more than 80% of celestial power in it compared to Incandescent Divinity, which has less than 0.1%. It's also capable of great destruction, but its greatest point is the ability to cancel off both targeted elemental and law skills in its vicinity."

"Elemental and even law abilities?" Felix's eyes widened in shock, not expecting such a daunting effect.

"Luckily, it's created by the strongest being in the universe...So, it's not bestowed upon any arbitrary person and it's incredibly rare to find someone possessing a portion of it." Asna shared as she eyed Duke Humphrey, "That wrinkly geezer's identity must be quite respectable up there."