Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1503 Blockhole's Intense Gravitational Pull!

With battle cries that resounded across the capital, the angelic armies surged forward with an ominous determination.

"PREPARE TO ENGAGE!"

"HOLD STRONG!"

"ACTIVATE YOUR BARRIERS!"

The High inspectors within the law enforcers' armies took command after seeing that law enforcers were like headless chickens, looking back and forth with anxious and fearful expressions.

The High Inspectors' loud and commanding voices brought some order to the brigades as those law enforcers were trained to adhere to any order from a higher enforcer.

So, they stood resolute with their defensive abilities activated.

"KILL!!"

"BANISH THE INVADORS!"

"FOR THE LORD!"

Boom!! Boom!! Boom!!

As the two factions clashed at last, the skies above the capital city erupted into a cataclysmic symphony of divine beams and elemental abilities, shattering the peace at once!

Warriors on both sides unleashed their powers with a ferocity that shook the heavens. Beams of divine energy clashed with radiant spears of justice, creating dazzling displays of cosmic fury.

Argh!! Ugh!!!...

Thunderous roars and pained groans of law enforcers echoed through the capital city nonstop.

The numbers might be equal, but the strength difference was incomparable due to the angels' divinity being able to break through the telekinesis barriers reliably.

Since the divine beams were able to kill the spirits for real, many law enforcers were left terrified about this grim ending after witnessing their own companions get scorched to death.

"DO NOT FALTER! HAVE NO FEAR! FOR OUR LORD WILL REVIVE US ALL!" The High inspectors shouted lies, knowing that if their armies were to feel scared of death, it would be over for them.

"FOR THE HEAVENLY PLANE!"

"AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!! DIE!!"

Most of the law enforcers bought the lie and had new crazed zeal in their eyes as they fought like there was a light at the end of the tunnel.

In their minds, Lord Hades was capable of everything, and reviving them should be a piece of cake for him.

Alas, they had no idea that the moment a soul gets erased from the universe, not even Lord Hades could do anything about it...Complete erasure implied leaving the universe and Lord Hades' powers didn't outstrech outside of the universe.

"Tsk, ignorance is really a bless." Duke Humphrey clicked his tongue in irritation, not too pleased with the law enforces' nonsurrendering stance.

He was certain that his troops would emerge victorious at the end of the story, but time wasn't their ally.

"Commander, I think you should join the conflict personally to end it swiftly." Duke Humphrey suggested.

"What will you be doing?" Commander Nottingham frowned.

"I have some unfinished business to handle." Duke Humphrey smiled coldly as he eyed the small gathering on the ground, consisting of Miss Sanae, Sekiro, Karra, and Elder Kraken.

"Get it done quickly and come help out." Commander Nottingham permitted while taking off towards the biggest cluster of law enforcers and angels.

"Don't worry, this time I will make sure I end him with my own hands." Duke Humphrey muttered to himself, his tone dripping with venom.

He had seen how Asna interacted with Felix and the way she decided to sacrifice herself for the sake of his safety.

This made him realize that Felix might turn out to be a danger in the future and as much as ridiculous it sounded, he wasn't planning to take any guarantees.

'It's best to nip it in the bud.'

With a sudden wave of a hand, Duke Humphrey appeared right above the gathering akin to a deity blessing his presence to his worshipers.

Without wasting a single ounce of energy in empty talks, he released the same divine eruption at them!

However, the scene he expected didn't happen.

"Hmmm?"

He canceled his divine eruption and through the faded light, he looked at the far distance, where Elder Kraken stood above a mountain of ruins.

He had eight tentacles behind him and six of them held a person.

In a gentle manner, he placed them all on the ground and uttered without looking at them, "Leave the city at once. I will buy you time."

"Right away!"

Without a skip of heart, Miss Sanae picked Felix using her telekinesis and fled away with little Timmy behind her.

When Karra and Sekiro saw this, they could only show a look of appreciation at Elder Kraken's wide back and chase after them.

They knew that Felix's head wasn't in reality at the moment as he didn't bother to speak to them once after grouping with him.

Even during Duke Humphrey's attack, he was still unreactive...Only Elder Kraken knew that Felix's trauma of when his planet got blown up and everyone he cared about died, was awakened.

While he didn't fall into a coma from mere shock, his mind was too engulfed with bad thoughts and feelings to care about anything happening in the real world.

"Kraken, why are you doing this?" Duke Humphrey asked with a curious tone as he approached him slowly. "Why are you going this far for him? If it was to earn favor from the exiled celestial, she has already been taken away and her fate would be imprisonment again. So, why are you specifically helping him when hundreds of law enforcers are dying by the second?"

Duke Humphrey started to catch on that there was more to Felix's relationship with Elder Kraken.

In his eyes, there was no way they would be close enough to fight one's own battles without a deeper relationship.

"Because he is my little prodigy and soon enough, there will come a day, when the entire universal order gets reshuffled by him." Elder Kraken shared with a faint kind smile.

"..."

Duke Humphrey looked at him for a few moments in utter silence and when he realized that Elder Kraken was serious, he couldn't help but break out in thunderous laughter.

"I would have never taken you for a comedian...Hahaha, reshuffle the universe's order? Dear lord, even the unigins and rulers can only abide by it against their will." Duke Humphrey wiped the tears from his eyes from laughing so hard.

Elder Kraken glanced backward and saw from a distance that Felix's eyes were starting to regain clarity slowly.

"He might be too naive, too kind, and too weak at the moment, but I fully believe that day will come..." He chuckled a bit before proclaiming with a confident tone. "The day when the universe shall bow under his command."

Elder Kraken wasn't saying all of this as a joke or to make Duke Humphrey drop his guard...As one of the greatest soul masters in the universe, he had the ability to sense someone's greatness and potential from merely his soul.

Before, Elder Kraken sensed only a great possibility in Felix's soul, but after what Asna did to him? His pupils reflected an extraordinary destiny, a fate, he didn't even sense in Asna's soul!

It was like it was missing the final piece of the puzzle and whatever Asna did to him had finally unlocked its full potential!

"I don't know what were you smoking before the invasion, but I guess its effect is kicking in at last." Duke Humphrey sneered, "I am done wasting time chatting with a disappointment."

"We finally have something in common."

The moment he said this, Elder Kraken enshrouded himself in a watery essence of the deep and then summoned thousands of tendrils of water that covered the entire sky akin to an marine monster!VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!!....

With a commanding gesture, he sent these water appendages hurtling toward Duke Humphrey, aiming to ensnare and drown him in the marine depths of his power.

"Begone!"

Duke Humphrey, resolute and unwavering, swung his hand to the side, and a radiant aura of divine energy merged as a massive palm and smashed the water tendrils into nothingness, evaporating upon contact instantly!

With a determined stride, Duke Humphrey advanced, his gaze unwavering.

He summoned a brilliant burst of divine energy that arced toward Elder Kraken, a force of divine retribution aimed at purifying the watery shroud that surrounded the guardian!

"Great Tide!"

Elder Kraken responded swiftly, summoning a torrent of raging water to block the celestial onslaught.

The celestial energy engaged with the surging waves, creating a dazzling sight of cosmic power against the elemental might of the sea.

Alas, the end result wasn't as glorious as the clash...The water tide evaporated immediately upon contact, not damaging the divide attack for even a little!

"What an irritating power." Irked, Elder Kraken clicked his tongue while evading the divine attack, knowing that a single touch would be the end of him.

"You aren't too bad yourself, I have no clue where you got this battle experience from and how you managed to hide it from us for so long..." Duke Humphrey remarked with an icy tone as he manifested a massive golden sword made out of pure divine energy. "But, it doesn't matter. Nothing can stop my divi..."

RUMMBLE!!!

Before he could finish his sentence, a sudden and overwhelming tremor swept through the entire plane.

It was as if the very foundations of the heavenly plane were being shaken by a cataclysmic earthquake of cosmic proportions!

Angels, law enforcers, and spirits, caught in the midst of their struggle, looked at the ground in confusion as the capital city and the heavenly plane itself quaked with unprecedented force.

"What's going on?" Duke Humphrey frowned, pausing his attack midway.

Unbeknownst to them, the distant black hole had finally exerted its formidable gravitational pull upon the heavenly plane!

The heavenly plane, once a bastion of order and haven to spirits, was now caught in the inexorable grasp of cosmic forces beyond imagination.

"Is it just me or the ground is moving?"

"The sky! Look at the clouds!"

"Why do I feel like I have gained weight?"

Everyone on the heavenly plane was put under the new gravitational force.

Some noticed the sudden increase in weight, making them feel like it was harder to move, while some were too captivated by the stretching clouds and sky, bending akin to a rubber!

'Blackhole! It's the godfather!' Duke Humphrey and Commander Nottingham were the first to figure out the cause.

It was because Godfather Hephaestus had told him that there was a high chance he would be creating a black hole to pull the plane into its stomach as a last resort if they failed to slay enough spirits in time.

'The entire plane is moving at an insane speed.' Elder Kraken knitted his eyebrows after sensing the sudden shift in wind and gravity.

It might not seem noticeable, but he knew that the entire heavenly plane was on the move.

He was right in his assumption. If one saw the heavenly plane from high, high above, it would resemble a supermassive piece of land flying at a crazy speed towards nothingness!

'This isn't good...at all.'

Elder Kraken was the first to know that this wasn't a good sign as it meant that Lord Hades was struggling against Godfather Hephaestus, something he never considered a possibility before!