1504 Land of Gods?!

"Damn it, I have been wasting too much time on this bullsh*t, godfather must be pissed." Duke Humphrey's expression didn't look too good even though the blackhole's existence was in his favor.

It was to be expected as it meant that he failed his duties and this would harm his end credits greatly at the end of the war.

"I am done messing about."

Duke Humphrey tightened his grip on his golden sword and rushed at Elder Kraken with an intense murderous intent!

Elder Kraken didn't shy away from the confrontation and charged right at him with his supermassive water tentacles flailing in the air.

The moment they engaged in their titanic battle, the skies trembled as their clash sent shockwaves echoing through the city, and the ground quivered beneath their might!

"You can't stop me!"

With each swing, the massive golden sword carved through the air like a comet's tail, leaving trails of golden light in its wake!

Elder Kraken used a multitude of powerful serpentine tentacles to block the sword, but the result was the same as ever.

His water abilities were countered too easily and he knew that even using other elemental abilities would be for naught.

Still, Elder Kraken was doing this to buy time for Felix's escape and to slow down the slaughter of the spirits by keeping the duke on him.

Unfortunately, Duke Humphrey had no intentions to enter a battle of attrition with him.

The instant he slashed through a number of water tentacles and had Elder Kraken fully exposed to him, he swung his sword at full force while shouting, "CELESTIAL SLASH!"

The sword was far away from Elder Kraken, however, the moment it finished half of a spin, the blade released a sharp divine projectile in the shape of a wave!

The attack was so close and fast, that even Elder Kraken realized that it would be difficult to avoid it!

Still...Elder Kraken was a bona fide primogenitor who lived for billions of years, even if he wasn't a great fighter as Thor and the others, it was just as difficult to kill him if not harder!

"Water transmutation!"

Elder Kraken transformed his body into water and moved across his tentacles, appearing hundreds of meters away from the initial attack.

Meanwhile, the divine slash continued on its path until it landed on a mountain of ruined buildings, cutting them in half like they were made out of butter.

This sight left Duke Humphrey startled.

"You...Are you the water primogenitor? Have you retained your memories?!"

He knew that such advanced abilities were impossible to be learned by spirits unless they invested an unfathomable amount of time into them.

Elder Kraken wasn't known to even harm a fly, don't even mention mastering water transmutation as a spirit!

"My name is literally Kraken...Wasn't it obvious?" Elder Kraken chuckled, making Duke Humphrey feel infuriated.

While Elder Kraken made it sound like it was easy to guess his identity, it really wasn't...Kraken was a well-known name used for many species in the universe and even used as a normal name for some marine intelligent people.

Since not many people really realized how the water primogenitor looked in his humanoid form, it was too farfetched to assume that he was the water primogenitor's soul.

But now? It had never been more obvious with this fine control of water element.

"It all makes sense now, your connection with that little prick, how you managed to become an ethereal elder so fast, and how that bastard maintained his memories!" Duke Humphrey proclaimed coldly, "It was you, it was you all along."

Duke Humphrey realized that if Elder Kraken managed to maintain his memories after death, it would explain all the abnormal things that had happened.

The evidence against Elder Kraken was enough to make him reach such an assumption.

At first, he thought that Asna was the one helping Felix keep his memories, but he doubted it immensely since he knew that Lord Hades' eyes would be on her.

He would never allow such a thing to happen, otherwise, he wouldn't have treated Felix in that manner during the council.

'With Hades' eyes focused on the exiled, Kraken had the chance and right equipment to transfer memories if they had really met outside of the spirit realm.' Duke Humphrey frowned, 'But how would that be possible?'

His theory was correct in all realms until he remembered that Elder Kraken had died and shouldn't have left any wisp behind or such.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"I don't know how you manage to pull it off, but I know I am right." Duke Humphrey uttered.

"What does it matter?" Elder Kraken chuckled, "Are you going to snitch to Lord Hades? Or better yet, take such information to your godfather?"

"..."

Duke Humphrey knew that he was right...Figuring out their secret right now was absolutely useless to him and wouldn't help him with anything. In fact, he had wasted half a minute already on it, precious time he wouldn't get back.

And so, even when he was provoked to talk back, Duke Humphrey narrowed his eyes coldly and straightaway restarted his assault on Elder Kraken.

Alas, with water transmutation in play, it was nearly impossible to land a hit on Elder Kraken.

He had flooded the ground beneath with water and the moment Duke Humphrey focused on a specific area, Elder Kraken transmuted himself to the other!

While it sounded like he had caught Duke Humphrey by the balls as long as he kept being this slippery, Elder Kraken realized that his energy consumption could never maintain this.

Water transmutation was an advanced ability and even here, the spiritual energy it needed to work wasn't cheap in the slightest.

'I can only transmute twice or three more times before I run out.' Elder Kraken glanced behind him and sighed in relief after not spotting Felix and his companions. 'Good, they must have gotten out to safety. I can leave this place too.'

Alas, his relief was short-lived...

"You keep looking back, worried that your little prodigy hasn't made it to safety?" Duke Humphrey suddenly showed a wicked grin.

Elder Kraken realized that something wasn't right just from his grin.

"What have you done?"

"Why do you think I didn't bother to chase after him?" Duke Humphrey snickered, "I have already delegated it to my people...Those weakling servants won't be able to stop even one of them."

...

Just like Duke Humphrey said, the moment Miss Sanae, Sekiro, Karra, and little Timmy reached the gate of the capital city, their hopes of escape were suddenly dashed.

Standing before them were Orellana, Marcel, Boss Alves, and two angelic divine squads, a formidable blockade that left them with nowhere to run.

Judge Marcel, his gaze cold and unwavering, stepped forward, blocking any path that led back into the city.

He didn't possess any divine energy or actually any powerful aura of that sense, Yet still, he alone was enough to deal with this group.

Miss Sanae and the others realized it too well, which explained the hint of despair and helplessness in the depth of their eyes.

"Stand behind me!"

Still, Sekiro unsheathed his katana and held it with both hands as he stood resolute in front of the encirclement, his voice unwavering despite the dire situation.

"What a cute little loyal servant." Orellana giggled as she pointed a finger at Sekiro's chest. Then, without an ounce of hesitation, she fired a metallic bullet at his chest!

Cling!!

Sekiro, eyes like an eagle, swung his sword at the bullet and cut it in half with a single motion before retreating into his defensive position.

"How annoying." Orellana's eyes turned cold after seeing the mocking looks from the angels.

Not leaving them a chance to comment and make fun of her, she extended her arm forward, turning it into a cannon launcher, and uttered, "Cut this."

Unfazed, Sekiro swung his sword at the cannonball, but alas...His katana was the one breaking apart this time.

BOOOOOM!!

The cannonball landed straight on his telekesisn's barrier and shattered it immediately, causing him to feel more than 80% of the force.

With blood coming out of his mouth and nose, Sekiro was launched into the city's wall, getting planted in it akin to a decoration...

"Brother Sekiro!"

Karra's tears threatened to fall at the sight of one of the two closest people in her life getting harmed like this.

"Little Karra, you have given our master a difficult time in the past decades after everything he has done for you." Orellana remarked with an evil tone, "I believe he will reward me well if I bring you back to him in one piece to vent some of his anger on you like in the old times."

"No...No...Please...No."

The moment Karra heard this, she collapsed immediately on the ground and held her head in crippling fear, shaking and quivering like a lost lamb.

Memories of her torture under Duke Humphrey began to burst out of her sealed mind, threatening to consume her entire soul...Her heartbeats kept increasing and increasing until they resembled drumbeats.

"You monster, even hell won't accept the likes of you." Miss Sanae gave a nasty glare at Orellana as she placed Felix down and tried to comfort Karra.

Alas, Karra was too far deep in her nightmarish memories to react to her touch.

"Hell? Heheh, soon enough, I will be joining the real paradise, the real land of the gods, and leave this wretched place." Orellana sneered, "This is the real hell, and a lowlife like you should understand it more than anyone."

"Land of gods?"

Just as Miss Sanae wanted to retort, a sudden soft voice resounded akin to a grim reaper's whisper in everyone's ears.

Everyone without exception felt a shiver course down their spine as they gazed around them like they were touched by a ghost, trying to find the source.

"Land of gods?!"

The voice appeared again, but this time, it sounded more intense and its source was trackable.

When everyone gazed at it, they noticed a figure standing with a hunched back, engulfed in half white flames and the other half was black, making him resemble a nightmarish monster.

"Traveler?" Miss Sanae gulped a mouthful in fear after turning around and seeing Felix slowly raising his head.

What scared her wasn't his aura or even his weird posture, but his eyes, his cold-blooded dark and white eyes, which seemed to harbor a grudge against the heavens themselves.

The moment his head was lifted fully, Felix stared at Orellana and bellowed with a questioning tone, "LAND OF GODS?!"

This shout, yell, or whatever it was, the moment it reached Orellana's ears, her entire being was set in white and black flames, causing her to release the most wretched high-pitched pain scream anyone had ever heard.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaa...aaa!!!!

The scream barely lasted for a moment before it faded away into the background, just like the flying ashes of Orellana...She had been burned out of existence without her realization.

"Who else wants to visit the Land of Gods?"

Felix asked, his voice was nowhere near his familiar one, and his roaming eyes resembled that of a vengeful spirit more than a human...

Sorry for not uploading two chapters Sunday, something came up, and couldn't edit the chapter in time. I will make up for it tomorrow with a double release. Have a nice day!