Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1505 White Flames, Black Flames.

1505 White Flames, Black Flames.

No one anwsered Felix's question as everyone's widened eyes were still affixed on the spot where Orellana was standing.

She was removed out of existence so abruptly, that none of them even managed to see it happen fully.

"You...What did you do..."

Marcel stuttered with sweat dripping down his forehead as he took a couple of steps back from Felix.

Unresponsive, Felix merely extended his hand in Marcel's direction, and before he could even turn around and escape, his entire being was ignited in the same white and black flames.

"NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!"

He cried at the top of his lungs in agony as he fell on his stomach and attempted to crawl away from pain...Alas, the moment he raised his hand, it was turned into ash and the wind carried it away just like the rest of his body.

Now, everyone saw what happened from the start to the finish and this set their hearts beating rapidly in terror.

"Cel...Celestial Flames...How...How can he wield them..."

One of the angelic squad captain's lips quivered in a mixture of fear and disbelief, feeling like the sight before was nothing but a mirage.

The other angels shared the same reaction the moment they recognized the origin of the white flames. They had no clue what the other black flames were, but the white one could never be mistaken by them.

That's because it was glorified as one of the most powerful weapons for the celestials, a power far more extraordinary than even the divine energies!

"It can't be! It can't be it! Only ones blessed by Celestials can use such flames!"

The other squad captain denied the reality before him, but no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn't come up with another similar type of flame.

'RETREAT!'

Without an ounce of hesitation, the angelic squad's captain ordered telepathically while being the first to fly back to his army at the top of his speed!

The angels looked at each other for less than a split second before giving a chase, aborting the mission of killing Felix instantly.

'BASTARDS! TAKE ME WITH YOU!' Boss Alves screamed in fear and anger as he flew behind them, but his speed was nowhere near them.

This caused him to be left too far behind.

However, as he kept looking behind him and saw that Felix wasn't giving chase, he couldn't help but sigh in relief.

'When will this sh*t end, I just want to live, god damn it!'

He was really forced to play a game in impossible mode when he was a mere businessman.

Meanwhile, Felix didn't give chase, at least, not right away. He removed the white flames from his right hand and patted Karra on the head, which stopped her from quivering almost instantly after recognizing his touch.

"Master..." She broke out of her traumatized daze and looked up with tears filling her eyes, resembling a bullied child seeking justice from their parents.

"Don't let such thoughts consume you, for I will make sure that everyone who harmed you perish today," Felix promised, his tone was as bone-chilling as ever, but it soothed Karra immediately.

"Help Sekiro recover." Felix ordered before taking off into the sky.

As Miss Sanae watched his inflamed back, she felt sympathetic toward anyone who would block his path.

'Controlled anger outburst...He is going to show them hell.'

She thought at the start that Felix had lost control over his emotions and was about to enter Rage mode.

But now? She realized that the situation was far more deadly for the invaders as Felix's heart was consumed with hatred and fury, but he didn't let them influence him.

Still, while he seemed in control, it didn't mean that he was going to be merciful or soft.

'I just need to regroup with the angelic army and all of this will be over.' Boss Alves thought to himself with a hopeful look, 'The duke won't sign me a task anymore with all of his five heads peris...'

Before he could finish his thought, a sudden chill coursed down his spine as if an icy hand had caressed his very soul.

With an unsettling certainty, Boss Alves turned around and immediately after, his heart dropped to the bottom of his stomach.

"No.."

His fearful gaze met Felix, who had appeared behind him with two mesmerizing wings, one crafted from white flames, radiant and celestial in nature, and the other composed of dark flames, an embodiment of cosmic mysteries.

Without so much as a glance in Boss Alves's direction, Felix soared past him with an effortless grace that defied description, heading towards the main warzone.

"????" Boss Alves' lips parted in bewilderment, too shocked to believe that Felix had actually spared his life after everything he did to him.

'Does he see me as a worthless bug undeserving of being killed?'

Boss Alves' pride was slightly wounded by the thought, however, soon, he slapped himself for having such suicidal thoughts.

'All it matters is that I am alive.'

Just as Boss Alves was about to sigh in relief at this rekindled hope in life, a single spark of the celestial dark flame, like a falling star, landed upon his head.

'Hmm?'

Before he could even react, the spark ignited a relentless, searing fire within Boss Alves's spirit, causing him to feel an unbearable sensation that seeped into the very core of his being!

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!

Boss Alves let out a howl of anguish as the celestial dark flame consumed him from within. His once-confident demeanor shattered, and he descended into a torment unlike any he had ever known.

He fell to the rubble with a massive thud and started rolling on the ground, trying his best to turn off the flames...Alas, no matter what he did, the dark flames remained consistent in burning his soul.

The worst part? It didn't seem like his flesh was melting off or disappearing like with the white flame. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It was like the dark flames' job was to burn one's soul for eternity without any swift release.

As Felix listened to Boss Alves' fading agonizing cries, his expression didn't change for even a moment.

He was cold, unreactive, and just absolutely cold-

hearted...

"Everyone, everyone who participated in this invasion and the kidnapping of my woman shall know pain," Felix uttered, each word filled with an inexplicable level of hatred and venom.

Felix blamed himself before everyone else for being weak and failing to protect his woman, but this didn't mean that he was going to take full responsibility for it.

Duke Humphrey, the fallen organization, the angels, and anyone who had a hand in making this invasion come to light were about to pay the price as well.

...

Meanwhile, the battle between the angels and the law enforcers had come to an early closure with the addition of Commander Nottingham.

With his overpowered and invincible divine prowess, he was able to erase hundreds of law enforcers in less than a couple of attacks.

This drastic difference in strength couldn't be overcome even with numbers.

Thus, the law enforcers' armies were torn apart, and the smell of death ran a rampage among their ranks until it consumed the surviving members and made them fall into utter despair.

The moment despair spread among the brigades, there was nothing the high inspectors could do to raise the morale again...Even lies failed to do the job.

Ultimately, the surviving High Inspectors ordered a large-

scale retreat to gather with the upcoming reinforcement from further away cities.

Commander Nottingham let them be, not wanting to waste his or his army's time chasing a couple of hundred spirits.

Instead, he issued a decisive order. "Start purging the city of the spirits and wisps! Finish it in less than five minutes!"

"Yes, Commander!"

The angelic armies replied simultaneously, causing the sky to shudder at their glorious bearing.

"None of you are going anywhere..."

The moment the last echo of their shout died out, Felix's voice resounded in their ears akin to the grim reaper.

Startled and confused, the angels searched around them for the source of the voice...Soon, they located Felix at the very center of their thousand-men formation.

The very air around him seemed to glow with celestial energy as he suddenly unleashed the full might of his celestial flames!

Whoosh! Whoosh!!

Felix's wings, transformed into supermassive appendages that spanned hundreds of meters, unfurled with an magnificent demonstration of celestial authority...They radiated with a marvelous glow, casting a luminous aura that engulfed the battlefield!

A split second later, Felix closed his eyes and listened to the harmony of cries and screams in blissful enjoyment...

The second chapter will come a couple of hours later!