Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1506 A Rematch With The Duke!

1506 A Rematch With The Duke!

AAAAAAA!!! ARGH!!!...

The celestial fires danced and spiraled, their heat and intensity searing through the ranks of angelic armies with unmatched ferocity.

Close to a thousand angels found themselves caught within the all-encompassing celestial conflagration, their radiant forms unable to withstand the overwhelming power of Felix's celestial flames.

They cried out in agony as their bodies were consumed by the unrelenting fire.

"How..." Commander Nottingham watched this scene unfold before him with a stunned look, incapable of believing his eyes.

He thought that with Asna gone, they had gotten rid of the celestial flames at last, but it had emerged, and more furious than ever.

"What's going on there?" Duke Humphrey narrowed his eyes in focus after spotting the cataclysmic event ongoing high above.

"Haha, looks like your luck has run out after all." Elder Kraken chuckled.

With a mere glance, he was able to sense Felix's soul within the whirlpool of celestial might, realizing that his prejudgement from before wasn't wrong and that Asna had truly done something remarkable to Felix. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"You are the one in luck. Don't let me catch you again."

Duke Humphrey clicked his tongue in irritation as he flew away, not wanting to waste his time on him when their angelic armies were receiving a beating from a stranger.

After he arrived, the sight that greeted him caused his forehead to have black lines etched in it.

More than 40% of the angelic army was gone and the rest were escaping with terrified expressions from the massive celestial wings, fearing a small particle would land on them and erase them too.

Duke Humphrey grouped up with Commander Nottingham and both of them shared solemn expressions.

"That b*tch didn't leave without making it harder for us." Commander Nottingham exposed, "She has blessed her plaything with her celestial energy."

"I can understand that, but what's the deal with the dark flames?" Duke Humphrey frowned, "Have you ever seen such a thing before?"

"No." Commander Nottingham shook his head, "It might be something special related to her. After all, we have never seen her in action before after she got exiled."

Duke Humphrey agreed with his assumption and then said. "We are running out of time and we can't have this prick ruin our efforts at the last lap. Order the angels to focus on the spirits on the city and let's get rid of him."

"My thoughts exactly." Commander Nottingham nodded while extending his hand forward, manifesting a magnificent gigantic lance of divine light.

Then, he narrowed his eyes at Felix who was barely noticeable through the raging celestial flames.

The moment he locked on him, he tightened his grip on the divine lance and hurled it with a thunderous roar. "HAAA!!"

Whoosh!

The lance streaked through the tumultuous celestial flames with great difficulty, the divine energy crackling and sizzling as it fought against the searing inferno!

"It's the commander's infamous lance's strike!"

"He is doomed!"

"KILL HIM!! HE KILLED MY ANGELICA!"

The escaping angels couldn't help but turn around and watch this spectacular scene of their commander's golden lance going against their celestial flames!

Alas, the situation didn't seem too much in their favor as the divine lance looked like it was about to be consumed by the celestial flames, its holy power extinguishing visibly...But, it pressed on, inching closer to its target.

As the lance neared Felix, the celestial flames intensified, their fury reaching a crescendo.

Meanwhile, Commander Nottingham's divine lance was already on its dying breath.

With an unbothered and unfazed look, Felix raised his glowing hand and met the divine lance head-on!

BOOOM!!

There was a brilliant explosion of light, a cataclysmic clash of powers that sent shockwaves reverberating through the celestial battlefield.

The divine lance, drained of much of its divinity during its arduous journey, could not withstand Felix's sheer celestial might.

In the end, Felix merely slapped the divine lance to the side, sending it spinning away like a falling star.

The golden lance, now a mere shell of its former glory, exploded into a blinding burst of radiant light.

"..."

"..."

"..."

The watching angels remained affixed on their places with stunned expressions.

They knew that celestial flames were powerful and they had heard many legends about them in the eternal kingdom, but none of them knew the difference would be this massive even between the Radiant Codex Divinity!

Meanwhile, Commander Nottingham and Duke Humphrey didn't look too surprised, but their expressions weren't any better.

"As expected, our divinities can't match up to it." Duke Humphrey uttered coldly.

"It's normal, radiant codex divinity is made out of 80% of celestial energy while celestial flames consist of 99.99% of celestial energy." Commander Nottingham expressed with a tone of admiration, not to Felix, but to the celestial flames, "It's the purest form of power."

"I doubt she has bestowed upon him much of it." Duke Humphrey snickered, "He doesn't know that its consumption rate is crazier than ours and using it this freely."

It seemed like Felix had agreed with him as he gradually retracted the otherworldly wings of celestial flames that had extended from his form.

With a simple thought, he canceled the incredible power that had once engulfed the sky, leaving behind only the fading embers of their celestial brilliance.

The capital city's skies gradually cleared as the fiery wings disappeared, revealing Felix standing tall, and ever-

burning, akin to a living torch...Though, the celestial flames on him seemed to have gone a little softer.

Unbothered by this, Felix floated slowly towards Duke Humphrey and Commander Nottingham.

The angels around him didn't dare get close or attack him even when he looked like a free target.

The commander and the duke remained in their positions too, maintaining eye contact with Felix while he neared them.

When there were barely a couple of hundred meters between them, Felix stopped.

"It was you, it was you who orchestrated this whole invasion and resulted in Asna's capture..."

Felix's voice was calm and steady, but the tremor of his anger and hatred hadn't gone unnoticed by these two.

"Her capture was nothing but a side bonus." Duke Humphrey sneered, wanting to provoke Felix so he would lose his cool. "Plus, I believe that she went away to keep her distance from you. After all, she might be exiled, but she is still a celestial being whose grandeur remains untouched by mortals like you."

"I honestly do wonder how did you manage to make her fall in love with you." Commander Nottingham joined in, but his tone sounded sincere, "To make a celestial be your woman, you must have some godly pickup lines."

When Felix heard what they said, he neither acted out in rage nor showed an infuriated expression...Instead, he smiled.

"What are you smiling for?" Duke Humphrey knitted his eyebrows in displeasure.

"You will find out soon."

The moment Felix finished, he triggered his teleportation ability and materialized behind them at an unfathomable speed!

The celestial flames weren't just capable of destruction but also empowering his abilities' strength, casting speed, reaction speed, force, speed, and the list goes on!

It was like the best all-rounded powerful enhancement he ever experienced before.

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix tightened his fist until the blood was threatening to escape.

"Spacetime Vibration Punch."

Then, he uttered with a bone-chilling tone, wanting them to know exactly what he would be hitting them with!

Updater's note: I'll be spending most of today and tomorrow in the hospital, so updates will be irregular or paused -- until I get back.