Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1507 Divine Archons!

?1507 Divine Archons!

His glowing inflamed fist crackled with vibrational energy, and as it made contact with the space behind his adversaries, the heavens themselves seemed to quake!!

SHAAAATTTER!!!!

A deafening, ear-splitting noise, akin to a mirror shattering into countless shards, echoed through the skies.

The capital city's denizens, angelic and ethereal beings alike, turned their eyes skyward in astonishment and horror as they witnessed this unholy display of destruction!

The sky around Duke Humphrey and Commander Nottingham fractured and splintered as if the very fabric of reality had been torn asunder!

It created an otherworldly spectacle of cosmic energy, with fractured rifts and rifts of celestial light spreading outwards in a dazzling display.

'What the hell!'

'So powerful!'

Duke Humphrey and Commander Nottingham, caught within the epicenter of this cataclysmic event, could only watch in stunned disbelief as the vibrational spacetime punch sent shockwaves through their bodies, threatening to blow them apart akin to the sky!

If it wasn't for the divine energy shielding them and canceling those shockwaves as they came, their souls would be swimming in the ether by now!

Argh!!!! Save me!! Nooo!!!

Alas, the shattering sky's influence had reached even the far-away angels as those spatial cracks kept pulling them into their rigid jaws, wanting to devour them whole!

The angels cried and screamed in fear while flapping their wings as fast as they could, resisting the pulling force.

Unfortunately, the heavenly plane itself was being pulled against its will to the black hole, which created an opposite attraction force to the spatial cracks.

It was like each was pulling in different directions and that angels were caught in the middle of it!

"NOOOOOO!!"

Whoosh! Whoosh!!...

With one final scream of despair, many angels ended up consumed within those cracks, disappearing into the backstage of the universe.

Commander Nottingham's and Duke Humphrey's expressions turned ugly at this disheartening scene.

While those angels seemed easy to kill, it was only because Felix was making them seem like that.

In reality, they were elite troops in the eternal kingdom and a mere thousand of them should have been enough to take down the entire heavenly plane if it wasn't for Felix's constant intervention.

Godfather Hephaestus took extra measures and brought a couple of thousands of them, paying an insane price for them since they were part of the celestial army and he couldn't use his people for the job.

Yet, here they were, dropping left and right akin to flies without even completing a third of their mission...

"Why aren't you making jokes anymore?"

Felix manifested in front of Duke Humphrey, his expression seemed confused, but his mocking tone couldn't fool anyone.

"ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! I WILL END YOU EVEN IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO HERE!"

Duke Humphrey didn't take Felix's jap too lightly as he immediately decided to unleash his full power and end this battle right away, not caring about saving any of his divinity!

"Commander!"

"I know."

Commander Nottingham understood that it was time to wrap this up to avoid losing any more of his troops in the aftermath.

Both of them extended their hands into the sky and allowed the divine energy to surge through their beings without any interruptions, causing an eruption of potent shockwaves to be released and hurl Felix away against his will.

'Hmmm?' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he watched the divine light around those two turn into a massive golden humanoid armor that radiated with celestial brilliance.

They were floating in the middle of this giant creation, resembling mecha operators.

Yet, the transformation wasn't done as those two massive divine beings each held their respective weapon.

The golden sword of Duke Humphrey and the divine lance of Commander Nottingham.

After the transformation was over, their celestial forms became awe-inspiring, their presence commanding respect and fear.

"It's the glorious Solar Archon of the commander!"

"Even the duke can manifest one?! His control over the divine energy is extraordinary!"

Those two beings were referred to as the Divine Archons and they were one of the most formidable utilization of the divine energy.

For both of them to bring them on, they were indeed done messing about.

Felix had no clue how powerful the Divine Archons were, but he could sense that the atmosphere had completely changed around his enemies.

"Be grateful, for you have the honor to face against two Divine Archons." Commander Nottingham expressed coldly as he pointed his lance in Felix's direction.

"Face? It will be over before it starts."

Duke Humphrey sneered as he controlled the archon to swing his sword around. Meanwhile, his arms were crossed above his chest, using only his mind to control his archon.

Without giving Felix too much time to think, Commander Nottingham was the first to make a move as he launched his glorious lance in Felix's direction yet again.

Knowing that his fate would be sealed if he got touched by the divine energy, Felix swiftly attempted to avoid the divine lance by teleporting away.

However, before his runic spell could manifest in his eyes, it shattered immediately to his shock and he couldn't activate it again!

"The Divine Archons' existence nullifies the creation of any elemental or law-based ability in its range." Duke Humphrey ridiculed as he watched Felix get forced to evade the lance through normal means with great difficulty.

When Felix heard him, he tried to check his statement's validity by using another ability...But soon, he was forced to accept the reality before him as nothing he tried to activate worked!

When Duke Humphrey joined the confrontation too, Felix understood that only his celestial flames could get him out of this.

So, he allowed it to blaze brightly, forming an impenetrable barrier of luminous energy that surrounded him, acting as both a shield and a weapon.

Unfazed, Humphrey and Nottingham charged with unwavering resolve and engaged with Felix in a battle of flurry of celestial strikes and counterattacks!

With each clash between them, both the divine energies and celestial flames seemed to fade a little.

Boom! Boom! Thud!...

Yet, neither side had any thoughts of backing off.

"This will be the end of you!"

"How long will your celestial flames last? Haha! We were bestowed upon by the first ruler himself!"

Duke Humphrey and Commander Nottingham, operating their divine archons, countered Felix's attacks with formidable prowess.

Their celestial weapons clashed with Felix's inflamed fists and legs, creating shockwaves that echoed through the skies!

"You got this, little one." Elder Kraken muttered as he sat above a rock and watched the unfolding battle, having no intentions of offering assistance.

His energy was already on rock bottom and even if he wanted to help, he would be nothing more but a reliability in this celestial dance.

"I can't believe he is going tow to tow with the commander and the duke without even a weapon..."

"Were lesser mortals always this powerful?"

Most of the angels went down to the city to start hunting down the spirits again...But the battle above them was too enchanting to not steal a couple of glances.

It was too intense and luminous even Miss Sanae and many other spirits far away from the city were still able to see three dots of light connecting with each other before separating again.

"Traveler...Don't you dare lose." Miss Sanae wished with a hopeful tone, "The entire plane's fate relies on you." Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It was obvious to everyone by now that the last line of defense for the city or even the entire heavenly plane was Felix.

If he fell here, those two would go on a onslaught unchecked and massacre every spirit in sight without anyone having the ability to stop them...Not even Elder Kraken.

"Starting to feel the heat?" Duke Humphrey smiled coldly as he swung his sword from high above and landed it straight on Felix's crossed-out arms, blocking it with his bare flesh.

The celestial flames blocked most of the force, but Felix already started to sense that it was getting closer to exhaustion.

'I can't carry on like this...I have to find a way to finish them off before I get exposed to their divine attacks.' Felix thought with a deep frown.

Second chapter will be released a couple of hours later!