Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1509 144 Millennium Sentence.

1509 144 Millennium Sentence.

"We've been played,"

Duke Humphrey clenched his fists, his anger mounting. Commander Nottingham shared the same attitude as him.

"He baited us into unleashing everything we had," He hissed with an irked tone.

They quickly figured out that the veneer of vulnerability that Felix had displayed was nothing more than a ruse, a cunning facade that had lured them into committing their full power!

Felix had outwitted them and this notion didn't sit well in their stomachs, making them furious beyond measure.

It wasn't like Duke Humphrey's words didn't affect Felix's mentality...Everything that was said had indeed cut Felix's soul, but he wasn't born yesterday to let words affect his focus in a life-and-death battle.

Instead of retaliating, he took advantage of the opportunity to set up a trap for them and they fell for it head first!

"Now that we got those irritating divinities out of the way, let's see what you got,"

Felix uttered coldly as he manifested two long crimson swords made out of destruction energy.

Not giving them the chance to figure things out, Felix covered himself in sizzling electrical discharges and dashed through five emerging electrical rings in front of him, which were boosted by a time acceleration spell!

<nulli>Whoosh!!

He instantly disappeared from his place, leaving behind him a mirage like he hadn't even moved from his place!

The instant the mirage faded away, Felix was already past Commander Nottingham.

"You!"

Commander Nottingham, caught off guard by Felix's incredible speed, turned around just in time to meet his adversary's gaze.

However, it was too late to react...

In an instant, Felix's crimson swords had already sliced through his celestial armor and body as though they were made of mere paper.

A shocked gasp escaped Commander Nottingham's lips as the devastating impact of the attack hit him.

<nulli>Slice!

His celestial form seemed to momentarily hang in the air, suspended in disbelief, before his body began to split into two distinct halves.

The severed halves of Commander Nottingham's form fell to the ground, their radiant light dimming, akin to a broken fallen star...

Duke Humphrey, the angels, and the spirits alike stared at the falling corpse with stunned expressions, finding it hard to accept this extraordinary outcome.

Just now, Felix was being beaten senseless left and right. A split second later, Commander Nottingham was killed and disposed of akin to trash in a single strike.

"As expected, you have been relying on your divinities far too much, your battle experience is almost null," Felix remarked calmly as he stared at his crimson swords.

This wasn't even his most powerful attack and yet, a brigade commander of the celestial army couldn't block it without relying on his divinity.

"Looks like the eternal kingdom's mortals are much weaker than I anticipated," Felix uttered as he approached Duke Humphrey.

Duke Humphrey turned to face Felix, his heartbeats started to accelerate in agitation and fear the instant his eyes made contact with Felix's.

He could feel Felix's hatred and murderous intent from here even when Felix's visage remained indifferent.

His guts screamed at him that if he landed in his hands, his fate would be much worse than Commander Nottingham's!

As for fighting Felix? He had already failed to win against him and even got almost killed during their first battle. If it wasn't for his divinity saving his ass, he wouldn't have been here to have a rematch.

Now, that he had exhausted it thoroughly, he was smart enough to recognize that his life wasn't in his hands anymore.

"Fine, you have won! I surrender." Duke Humphrey raised his hands into the air as he relied on his talk no Jutsu to get him out of this mess in one piece. "You don't have to take your anger on me, I can help you with information about the eternal kingdom and even give you the exact location of your beloved."

Realizing that Felix's weakness was Asna, he placed a bet that Felix might consider capturing him alive to extract information instead of killing him.

This was all Duke Humphrey wanted, to buy time, until his Godfather could save him.

Alas...His persuasion technique was about to fail him again.

<nulli>Whoosh!

In the blink of an eye, Felix manifested in front of Duke Humphrey's face until they were mere inches from each other.

They were so close that Duke Humphrey was able to read the exact runic details in the hexagon within Felix's pupils.

Before he could break out of his daze, he realized that he couldn't move a single finger anymore.

His entire body was frozen in time and the only thing he was able to control was to show how much despair and terror was reflected in his pupils...

"I saved a fraction of my celestial flames just for you."

Felix whispered in the duke's ears softly, but his voice was so sinister, that Duke Humphrey would have lost complete control over his bowls if it wasn't for the time freeze.

'What will he do to me...'

Duke Humphrey's thoughts and emotions were in complete disarray after noticing a tiny candle-like black flame ignite on top of Felix's finger.

It was burning softly and dimly, appearing like it couldn't even burn a fly...Yet, the closer Felix's finger got to Duke Humphrey, the more intense the dread he felt.

"You have spoken one hundred and forty-four words during your taunting barrage. That's the number of millennia you will be sentenced for." Felix uttered icily as he touched Duke Humphrey's forehead with the celestial black flames.

In an instant, a profound transformation took place.

Duke Humphrey's body, once resplendent in its golden divine armor, was suddenly engulfed in eerie black flames!

The infernal fires danced and crackled, consuming his celestial form with an intensity that defied the natural order!

Felix snapped his finger and released Duke Humphrey from time constraints.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

The moment he did so, Duke Humphrey, his voice filled with agonized disbelief, cried out as the black flames consumed him!

"PLEASE! PLEASE!! MAKE IT STOP!! I BEG YOU!! PLEASE!!"

Duke Humphrey implored with a high-pitched voice as he kept beating himself up and trying to remove his clothes, to kill off the flames.

Alas, no matter what he did, the black flames kept burning at the same intensity...The worst part? It could neither turn off nor burn off its target completely.

Ignoring his heartbreaking screams, Felix manifested two massive white crystallized pillars with chains dangling from their sides.

Then, he controlled the chains to lock them around Duke Humphrey's waist and feet, before spreading him apart in the shape of a star.

This made the pain even worse for the duke as he couldn't move even if he wanted, leaving him with only one outlet to ease the pain if not by a 1%.

"PLEAAAAEEEEEESE!! PLEAAAAAASEE!! SAVE ME!! GODFATHER!!! SAVEE MEE!!"

His screams echoed throughout the capital sky and reached the ears of the angels and spirits below.

It was a music to the spirits' ears, but a terrifying sound to the angels, who had yet to recover from the shock of their commander's corpse lying on the rubble near them.

When the angels looked at Felix and saw that he was looking at the ground, their legs almost gave out from dread. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I do...don't want to do this anymore!"

"Monster...He is a monster! Run while you still can!"

"Hold your positions!! Anyone who deserted won't return to the kingdom!"

Just one look was all it took for most of the angels to ditch their duties and fly off into the distance at the top of their speed, knowing that Felix's next targets were them!

If even their commander and the duke failed to take him down with divine archons, how could one expect to stay behind and deal with his wrath?

The next in command in the army tried his best to restore order.

Alas, Duke Humphrey's heartbreaking screams were like a constant reminder of the angels' fate if Felix caught them, making it impossible for them to not run away!