Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1511 Cutting off The Divinities' Connection!

1511 Cutting off The Divinities' Connection!

Whoosh!!

Before Felix's wisp could get dangerously close to the black void, a sudden thin water tentacle came out of nowhere and grabbed it. Then, it dragged it rapidly into the city.

'You sure know how to put on a show.' Elder Kraken chuckled as he eyed the wisp, 'If this is the path you have chosen, then I can only respect it.'

Elder Kraken figured out that Felix sought to gain favor from Lord Hades to seek out his assistance in dealing with the eternal kingdom.

As they said, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.

Choosing this risky path, meant that Felix had placed his entire life on the fact that Lord Hades would play along.

In Elder Kraken's eyes, for all he knows, Lord Hades could ignore Felix completely even after everything he did for the heavenly plane and worst of all, forbid any chance he had to be revived.

Felix knew all of this but still, he decided to take the gamble, understanding that only a unigin could provide a path to defeat another unigin.

Felix refused to return to the living world when the only access he had to a unigin was in the spirit realm.

With the wisp safely secured, Elder Kraken retreated into the depths of his half-ruined mansion, not bothering to deal with the remaining angels or the nonstop screaming duke.

He had just received news that the reinforcement was around the corner and he decided to leave things under their control. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

As expected, thousands upon thousands of law enforcers from across the heavenly plane were seen rushing towards the city from all directions in vehicles or above beasts.

There were even spirit fighters amongst them, ready to battle for the cause, like Evergreen, Zypher, Draven, and the list goes on!

Even though there were still about a thousand angels or less, the scale of the battle was bound to change in favor of the spirit realm at last!

"The reinforcement is here!" Selaphel expressed with a delighted and relieved look.

Her face was dirty and filled with scars while her outfit was ripped apart like it was handled by a pack of wolves.

She was grouped up with the majority of the law enforcers who escaped after they got defeated at the hands of Commander Nottingham and his armies.

"At last, we can turn this around and recover the city." Nebula remarked coldly. Her form wasn't any better than her partner.

The fights and battles she went through were numbered in the hundreds.

If there was a casualties counter, she would come on the top of the law enforcers as she had eliminated at least a couple hundred angels alone due to her overpowered space/time abilities.

Unfortunately, she was forced to escape with the others after Commander Nottingham joined the scene and countered her abilities with his codex divinity.

"This is all because of that flaming person. I have no idea who he was, but he really saved our asses a big time." One of the law enforcers nearby expressed with a grateful tone.

"He must be an ethereal elder or Lord Hades' hidden subordinate...No spirit can reach such a power without Lord Hades' blessings." His colleagues agreed.

Not a single law enforcer managed to recognize Felix since his crystal device was broken and the distance between them was tens of kilometers if not more, making him seem like a tiny black dot in the sky.

Everyone knew that spirits had a limit to the strength they could possess since it was connected to the spiritual prowess and it couldn't be enhanced forever.

So, no one bothered to even assume Felix's identity to be lower than an ethereal elder.

'It has to be him...I can recognize that wicked punch even from hundreds of kilometers.'

The only person closer to the truth was Nebula as she was seen biting her lips while staring at the rapidly closing void gap.

Felix's potent spacetime frequency technique played in her mind and the images overlapped with the punch that ended her career during the tournament.

If her assumption wasn't borderline absurd and might label her with a screw loose, she would have already asked the others for their opinion to confirm it.

'Ahhh, forget it, the truth will come out sooner or later, for now...' Nebula cracked her fingers with a sinister look, 'It's time to be the predators again.'

***

On the other side of the coin, a minute or so before Felix shattered the portal and the sky surrounding it...

'What are those bastards doing? Hades' doesn't even seem weakened, don't even mention showing signs of forced slumber. Did the first ruler bail on me? It can't be.' Godfather Hephaestus narrowed his eyes in disgruntlement as he stared down at the fading light of his divine shield. 'It won't be long before the shield gives in and they are still messing about.'

'Weird, are my people winning?'

Even Lord Hades was surprised a bit after noticing that his strength remained somewhat the same...He thought he would be already close to falling apart by now.

Godfather Hephaestus and Lord Hades traded a knowing glance between them and swiftly switched their focus to what was happening in the heavenly plane simultaneously.

They couldn't do this before without the other punishing them for losing focus.

"What the...?"

"Interesting..."

The sight that greeted them had taken them by surprise, leaving them with slightly raised eyebrows.

Felix fighting against the divine archons of Commander Nottingham and Duke Humphrey!

Lord Hades recognized Felix immediately while Godfather Hephaestus had no clue who he was even though he was associated with Asna...That's how invisible mortals were in the eyes of unigins.

Though, the celestial white flames could not be mistaken for anything.

As they watched the battle develop, each seemed to back a side even when they had no clue about its context.

'He is going against two divine archons and still not falling. Who is this brat and why does he possess celestial flames? What's up with those black flames?' Godfather Hephaestus frowned in irritation, not liking this development whatsoever.

If it wasn't for Felix looking to be receiving the beatdown of his life, he would have already erupted in anger.

Alas, the one-sided battle didn't last for long, and soon the battle turned upside down after those two wasted all of their divinities on a useless attack.

When godfather Hephaestus saw how Felix severed the commander in one motion and captured the duke, torturing him with black flames until he was begging for his name, he was left with no words to share.

Nothing he saw was in the script or even near the draft paper...He even took Asna under consideration and had plans prepared to pull her away.

Now, he was watching a nameless mortal, ruining his master plan, his great effort, unfathomable resources, and most importantly, his promotion to upper celestial ranks...

"Hahaha! Who would have thought, who would have thought indeed...The universe sure works in mysterious ways."

Meanwhile, the strict and cold Lord Hades' broke into a thunderous laughter, his rugged voice was loud enough it could shake galaxies.

It was like he hadn't laughed this loud in billions of years, making him almost forget how to.

He would have never believed that the one who would be saving his spirit realm from the clutches of the eternal kingdom to be Felix, the mortal, he didn't bother to bat an eye on during his first meeting.

By now, he figured out that Felix retained his memories somehow and received help from Asna by bestowing the celestial flames upon him.

"What is he doing...Don't, you little insect, don't you dare!"

Suddenly, godfather Hephaestus bellowed with an enraged expression. He had just seen Felix punching and destroying the space in front of the eternal kingdom's portal, making him recognize his motive immediately!

Alas, no matter how loud he shouted, or how livid he appeared, Felix delivered the final punch with such vigor, that the entire eternal kingdom's portal got blown out of existence right in front of him...

What was left behind was the gapping void, which represented the state of his mind at the moment...Absolutely blank.

That portal represented his entire effort in this mission and its destruction was the same as the kingdom's royal palace falling in war...

"Good, good, good!"

On the other hand, Lord Hades couldn't be more satisfied with Felix's final move, understanding how enormous it was for his victory!

It might seem like he merely closed a portal and godfather Hephaestus could open other ones easily, but that was far from the truth!

That enormous portal was the sole connection Godfather Hephaestus and the angels had with the eternal kingdom.

Without it, the connection to the divinities' providers was cut off, which implied...

"I hope you will have the same confidence without your divine shield."

Lord Hades' eyes turned ethereal as he prepared to launch his sure-

kill ability, Soul Possession on godfather Hephaestus after noticing the divine's shield's light dimming at a rapid pace!