Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1513 Far Too Much of a Coincidence.

1513 Far Too Much of a Coincidence.

"Tsk, then we better work them to death." Nebula spat on the ground near the handcuffed angels and took off.

Now, that the war was over, she wanted to check on her master Carbuncle.

While the law enforcers were working hard on rescuing the wounded citizens or wisps from under the rubble, Lord Hades was seen sitting on his throne inside the council.

Before him, laid out with meticulous care, stretched a long ethereal scroll adorned with intricate and mysterious writings.

This scroll bore the weight of ages and was inscribed with the knowledge necessary to sustain the seal on the spirit realm.

Knowing that time wasn't his ally, Lord Hades began to chant ancient and enigmatic sentences with a similar language to the divine codex.

As Lord Hades's incantations filled the air, the parchment revealed its true nature. It bore cuts and scars, the remnants of Godfather Hephaestus' forceful breakthrough into the spirit realm.

But with each uttered phrase, each whispered word, Lord Hades channeled his ethereal energy into the scroll until the cuts and scars began to mend.

Slowly but steadily, the scroll's surface smoothed, and the mysterious writings became whole once more.

Lord Hades's voice grew in power and resonance, and his aura radiated with a renewed sense of authority.

"Reseal!"

With one final shout, the new strengthened, and restored seal closed off all the broken gaps connecting the eternal kingdom to the spirit realm.

As Lord Hades watched the floating seal glow intensely, he finally slumped into his chair and dropped his guard.

Uggh...

The moment he relaxed, the golden chains tightened their grasp on his limbs, sending a new wave of hellish pain only unigins were capable of feeling and handling.

It was like they were under a different concept of pain than mortals.

"I will have to get used to these waves." Lord Hades smiled bitterly as he wiped the sweat off his forehead.

He knew that the punishment would last for a couple of million years and even for a unigin that's a decent period of time.

Soon, Lord Hades cast his eyes around the heavenly plane, and with one look, he assessed all the damages, from the level of destruction in each city, to how many spirits were killed for real and how many were turned into wisps.

"Bastards..."

The aftermath was bad enough that he felt his anger rising again.

When he thought about how things would have turned out if it wasn't for Felix and Asna's intervention, he honestly couldn't imagine it.

It wasn't like he was sentimental and didn't want spirits to die, but he understood that if the spirit realm was connected to the eternal kingdom, a disaster of incalculable proportions would befall the spirit realm.

Lord Hades didn't lock down his realm for no reason or out of spite.

He could never forget the day when the higher-ups of the eternal kingdom had taken things way too far...

"Looks like they haven't given up yet on that. I have to stay alert with anything and anyone from now on." Lord Hades decided to increase the security measures in his realm to avoid any other infiltration attempt.

As long as the seal was maintained and he kept rechecking each spirit within the heavenly plane, there wouldn't be another invasion.

'Kraken, Monica, come to the council.' Lord Hades suddenly ordered for the only two remaining ethereal elders still alive.

Madam Monica was one of the few lucky elders who was in a different city when the invasion happened.

Sometime later, both of them joined Lord Hades and greeted him with a deep respectful bow.

With an aura of authority, Lord Hades addressed them with a formal stern tone, "We have witnessed a great cosmic upheaval, and the spirit realm bears the scars of our recent trials. It is now our duty to restore the heavenly plane to its normal life."

Elder Kraken and Madam Monica nodded in agreement.

Lord Hades continued, "While I shall do everything within my power to assist with the revival of the governmental officials and facilitate the post-war recovery efforts, I must confess that my energy energy stores have been greatly depleted due to recent events. Therefore, I may not be able to aid in reviving all the spirits as well."

"Any help from yours is greatly appreciated."

"Lord, you have already done enough by eliminating the greatest threat and restoring balance to the plane."

Elder Kraken and Madam Monica accepted this truth with a sense of understanding.

They knew that it wouldn't have been an easy task for their lord to kick away godfather Hephaestus while he was weakened.

"Plus, it's even better this way. We can work on rebuilding the cities while most of the inhabitants are wisps." Madam Monica mentioned.

"True."

Elder Kraken agreed, knowing that if all inhabitants were revived at once and there was no building to house them, it would be a massive pain in the ass for the government.

"I will leave the details for you guys to handle, if you need anything, call for me."

Understanding that it was time to return to their duties, Elder Kraken and Madam Monica bowed down and turned around, planning to leave.

"Kraken, stay with me for a moment."

Madam Monica glanced at Elder Kraken with a inquisitive look and continued on her way, not wanting to be too nosy.

Meanwhile, Elder Kraken expected this to happen, so he didn't seem surprised.

After Madam Monica left, Elder Kraken smiled wryly and said, "I believe you want to discuss the elephant in the room."

"What's that?"

"Ah, nothing, just a familiar saying I picked up." Elder Kraken coughed and swiftly got serious. "You wanna know why I did it?"

Elder Kraken didn't even plan to hide the notion of him retaining his memories from his previous life, knowing that Felix's story was connected to him heavily.

"Speak."

"It was purely for research purposes." Elder Kraken confessed composedly, "I was always fascinated by souls, spirits, mental energy, spirit realm, and such. After I mastered everything within my powers in the living world, I knew that I had to come down here to continue my research on the mysticals of the soul."

"This was my purpose, nothing more, nothing less."

"I believe you." Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Lord Hades didn't need much convincing as he could see that Elder Kraken had no intentions of hiding the truth from him anymore.

"What about the human?" Lord Hades asked with narrowed eyes.

"I owed him a favor in the living world as he had helped with restoring a wisp of my soul and I had to pay him back." Elder Kraken narrated the details of helping Felix restore his memories through his abilities, making sure to leave no details.

It wasn't like he loved to overshare, but he knew that if Lord Hades wasn't respecting the fact he fought for the spirit realm's side and remained loyal, he would have infiltrated his memories right away and gotten everything he wanted to know.

After he finished his narration and even included many parts of the living world to make his story more believable, Lord Hades began to understand the big picture.

"Interesting, so you are telling me that child smitten from the eternal kingdom?" Lord Hades rubbed his chin thoughtfully as he went through such information.

At the start of their meeting, he didn't pay much attention to Asna and Felix's situation, even though it was unique, since it didn't affect him or his spirit realm whatsoever.

But after such a timely invasion, Asna's capture by the first ruler, Felix's ability to use celestial flames, and the weird black flames, he started to notice some abnormalities in Felix/Asna's situation.

"Bring the boy here." Lord Hades ordered.

He realized that if he wanted to get to the bottom of this, he had to investigate deeper and have all the important details.

In his eyes, it was far too much of a coincidence that the year Felix and Asna were sent to the spirit realm would click perfectly with the invasion of his spirit realm.

Knowing that Felix wanted this meeting to happen and almost killed himself for it, Elder Kraken didn't need to be asked twice.

"Right away.