Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1514 A Cheap Prostitute.

1514 A Cheap Prostitute.

Sometime later...

Felix's floating wisp could be seen placed in the exact spot where his spirit had first stood in the council.

Lord Hades channeled an aura of energy and light, surrounding the-

wisp in a gentle embrace.

Slowly but surely, the wisp began to transform. It grew in size and luminosity, its ethereal form coalescing and solidifying just like what happened when Asna revived Felix.

As the wisp's form kept getting bigger, Lord Hades raised an eyebrow in intrigue after noticing a mysterious dot of light situated in Felix's heart position.

'What's that? Why does it emit a fading celestial energy and a bit of recognition to Asna's soul?'

After Felix's body finished its reformation, only then did the dot take its real shape, which left Lord Hades beyond stunned.

'It can't be...'

A few moments later, Felix opened his eyes and the moment he saw Lord Hades and Elder Kraken, he knew what was going on instantly.

He bowed his head in both of their directions, a gesture of profound respect and gratitude.

"Thank you," he said, his voice echoing through the council. "For saving and reviving me."

"Don't mention it little one." Elder Kraken smiled kindly, "If it weren't for you, we wouldn't be here."

"Kraken is right, we are the ones who should be grateful of your great work." Lord Hades expressed, seemingly unbothered by showing such a side to a mortal.

"I was simply carrying my duties as a law enforcer," Felix responded humbly.

"You sure did." Lord Hades seemed a little pleased.

After everything he heard from Elder Kraken, he understood that Felix had the most optimal chance to escape the heavenly plane with his memories intact and get revived during the invasion.

However, he decided against it and went to defend the citizens and carry on with his responsibilities. In addition, he took a step further and risked his life to close down the portal.

Just this alone was enough to speak volumes about Felix's character and Lord Hades respected anyone with such a backbone...Especially, when he realized that many unigins didn't have it.

"Listen well, child. Kraken has already told me everything I need to know to understand your situation." Lord Hades informed calmly, "If it was any other time, such a transgression on my rules would warrant an instant kick from the heavenly plane. But, in those special times and with your great efforts in the war, I shall turn a blind eye to it and you may enjoy your stay within the heavenly plane."

Lord Hades was known widely for being a massive stickler for the rules and he especially abhorred anyone who broke his own rules.

So, for him to take a step back on this matter was already an unconceivable favor.

But Felix didn't do all of that for the sake of getting forgiven and allowed to stay in the spirit realm with his memories intact.

Felix bowed his head and paused a little before speaking his mind freely, knowing that there wouldn't be another opportunity like this again. "Much appreciated my lord...But, as Elder Kraken told you, I never had plans to stay in the spirit realm, and now that Asna was captured, I have a much bigger reason to leave and seek out a method to rescue her."

'How bold and straightforward.' Elder Kraken reacted with a faint smile.

To tell the Guardian of Spirits and Souls that he refused to stay in his realm was beyond a bold move...But, Felix was intelligent enough to add the last part to not make it sound like he just wanted to be disrespectful.

"Rescue Asna? Child, you don't even have the qualification to enter the eternal kingdom from the front gates." Lord Hades remarked calmly, not trying to disparage Felix.

"Then, tell me, help me." Felix tightened his fists in frustration, "I know that I am too weak, I know that I am a mere mortal and mortals should keep their distance from unigins. But, I can't, I just can't live my life in peace, knowing that my loved one is imprisoned in some cell. I just can't..."

Felix raised his head and stared directly into Lord Hade's whirlpool- Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

like eyes. Then, he requested without an ounce of hesitation. "Help me, show me the way if there is any, and whether I failed or succeeded in my conquest, you will know that I have at least caused them a bit of hassle as revenge for their invasion."

Felix knew that he needed a miracle to take on unigins and doubted if it was even possible. After all, becoming a primogenitor itself was almost impossible and he went through so much bullsh*t and he was still not a full-fledged primogenitor blessed by the universe.

Now, he was requesting how to defeat unigins, who were undefeatable even amongst each other.

It wasn't farfetched to call him a lunatic for even thinking of speaking about this matter out loud.

Yet, Lord Hades neither made fun of him nor seemed disinterested in listening to him...He had a solemn expression like he was actually considering it, which surprised even Elder Kraken.

'With what Asna did to him, will it be possible?' Lord Hades thought deeply about what to do next.

If he didn't see that abnormality within Felix, he would have discarded his request without a second thought.

"May I have your permission to read your memories, to explore into the tapestry of your experiences? I need to understand what I am dealing with." Lord Hades asked.

"Feel free to browse through everything." Felix permitted instantly.

He was delighted with just the fact that Lord Hades decided to entertain his request, he wasn't stupid to ruin it by acting all weird about it.

Plus, his memories were like a inexpensive prostitute by now, they had been already run over by a considerable number of primogenitors...Another unigin wouldn't make any difference.

With the exchange of permission, Lord Hades extended his hand and released an ethereal mist towards Felix's head.

The moment it enveloped it gently, a connection was formed between them and the memories unfolded like a celestial scroll, allowing Lord Hades to explore deeper into the recesses of Felix's experiences.

As Lord Hades delved into Felix's memories, he witnessed a tapestry of memories and events, each one revealing a deeper layer of cosmic truth. Among the memories, a sequence of events stood out, drawing his attention like a beacon.

In one memory, Lord Hades saw the moment when Felix and Asna first crossed paths in the sealing hall amidst a ruined city...How they merged together and ended up blowing their souls just to find themselves opening their eyes in a different timeline.

Just this secret alone made Lord Hades feel a peculiar sensation related to Asna and Felix, causing him to start questioning so many things about his reality.

Still, he put it at the back of his mind and continued exploring the memories, skipping all the useless stuff until he reached another pivotal moment in Felix's life...Nimo's finding and birth.

'How is this possible?! There can't be two unigins of the same role at the same time unless the universe allows it. But how can it allow anything when it's barely functional without a consciousness?' Lord Hades' frown deepened.

He saw how Felix and the others mistaken Nimo's birth for being the replacement of the paragon of sins after all the chaos it sewed in the universe, but he knew that was an utter bullsh*t theory.

Unigins could not be replaced just like that as their origin itself was unreplicable without the interference of a much higher power with an actual thought process.

Still, Lord Hades put this also at the back of his mind and continued skipping until he arrived at Felix's journey inside the elemental galaxy...To be exact, he stopped at Felix's meeting with Lord Zurvan, where he presented the same sealing hall that had once held Asna.

He had heard their conversation and how Lord Zurvan told Felix that an anonymous person had left the golden earring for him.

'This...'

While Felix and the others' thought process went towards the eternal kingdom, Lord Hades thought of something else, something he refused to believe or acknowledge, but the evidence kept pilling up on him with each memory.

Nimo's alter ego gets sealed in the golden earrings, Felix's clash against Lucifer, a cultivated demon created by the Paragon of Sins herself, and how Lucifer believed that he would ascend to godhood if he merged with Felix.

'Asna left her most precious thing in this child and now with this chain of events, it all lines up perfectly for that process...' Lord Hades stared at the ceiling of his council with widened pupils, reflecting a newfound truth, 'Did you know about all of this? Is this why you invaded? Did you plan for it? Were you okay with this? Why? Why are you okay with this? What the hell am I missing?'