Chapter 1515 There is Hope!

1515 There is Hope!

Lord Hades was left puzzled and intrigued beyond measure, his mind filled with unanswerable questions.

He had no idea if the three rulers knew about the truth he found beforehand and manipulated the strings of fate to make it a reality or if this was just one massive cosmic coincidence.

The reason he thought like this even with such evidence pilling up against them was the fact those three rulers would be the first to suffer from this.

'If it's really as I envisioned, then, this child before me is...'

As he stared at Felix's innocent and humane face, he couldn't even continue the rest of the sentence, finding it beyond absurd.

'Whatever, whether they are on this or not, this is too interesting to pass on.' Lord Hades smiled internally.

Even though he wasn't a curious individual by heart and would rather live a peaceful and mundane life, this situation was far too intriguing to let it slip by.

After going through Felix's memories another time and focusing on other details related to Felix's powers, cultivation systems, and such, he finally disconnected from Felix's mind.

"Is it done?" Felix remarked as he rubbed his forehead, feeling a tingling painful sensation.

"Yes." Lord Hades nodded.

"And?" Elder Kraken inquired.

"I can't believe I am going to say this, but there is actually hope for you." Lord Hades shared.

"Sigh, that's unfor...Huh? For real?" Elder Kraken's eyes widened abruptly after realizing what he said. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Even Felix was left staring at Lord Hades in stupefaction, not knowing if he should be delighted or shocked.

Who could blame them for their reaction? What Lord Hades said was enough to shock all primogenitors and unigins across the entire universe.

A mere mortal becoming a unigin? It would have been an unfunny joke if it hadn't come out of Lord Hades' lips.

"Don't get too excited now, I only said there is hope, not a guarantee." Lord Hades mentioned.

"Still, my lord, how is it even possible for hope to exist?" Elder Kraken proclaimed, "Mortal becoming a unigin is a hundred times harder than a bottle of water transforming into a bottle of gold on its own...It's just impossible!"

It wasn't like Elder Kraken was against Felix but as a man of science and facts, he just couldn't fathom how it would be possible for Felix to become a unigin.

It was like a rat sleeping as one for a night and the next morning it woke up as a human.

"It's indeed impossible for everyone else around the universe, but somehow, it isn't for him." Lord Hades smiled wryly, "It can be said this opportunity to be written on the stars for him as even the fact he is a human is a must."

"I am willing to do anything to make it happen, just tell me what I need to do." Felix swiftly requested with an eager and serious look, realizing that the heavens hadn't forsaken him after all.

"I will call you when I finish preparing the method, it's not a simple process in the slightest." Lord Hadas said, "For now, you need to empower your soul to its new limitation. This would serve as the foundation upon which the grand transformation would be built."

"New limitation?" Felix was confused.

"Each spirit has a limitation to which how strong its soul could be and this depends heavily on the previous life's species and race. When spirits die, automatically they become near the limitation since they will have no physical body to hold them back." Lord Hades clarified calmly, "The spiritual treasures you consumed brought you closer and closer to the limit. But, after what Asna did to you, your spiritual limitation can be uttered to have increased significantly, already surpassing the primogenitors' spiritual prowess."

"This..."

Felix and Elder Kraken were both left shocked after hearing the last part. Primogenitors' spiritual pressure came from their social standing in the universe, which was heavily linked to their souls and races.

For example, when Felix died, his spiritual pressure fell back to its standardized level, which was a spiritual pressure belonging to a human. That's because he had yet to enter the origin realm and transform his race permanently, which would affect his soul as well permanently.

So, when he died, all of the borrowed strength he was relying on was gone and the spiritual pressure resulting from it disappeared too.

Meanwhile, Elder Kraken's spiritual prowess was powerful from the moment he entered the spirit realm because he was a primogenitor through and through.

If it wasn't for Duke Humphrey relying on the codex divinity to cancel Elder Kraken's abilities and telekinesis prowess, he would have wiped the floor with him.

"What did Asna do exactly to him?" Elder Kraken asked with a serious tone what was in Felix's mind.

"She did something that only that madwoman would be daring enough to do." Lord Hades smiled wryly as he said, "She gave him her..."

****

A While Ago...

Inside a pocket dimension in the heart of the eternal kingdom, a scene of cosmic significance unfolded—a sight that transcended the boundaries of mortal perception.

At the center of this celestial tableau stood a tiny, pitch-black hole, an enigma of unfathomable gravity and mystery.

This minuscule singularity, a cosmic anomaly in its own right, was surrounded by a circular pool of thick milky white mist.

The mist exuded an otherworldly aura, its ethereal tendrils reaching outward as if to enshroud the enigmatic void in a shroud of celestial secrecy.

It gave the same sensation as celestial energy...

Before this cosmic tableau were arranged three high, overreaching thrones, each an embodiment of celestial authority and power.

These thrones, cloaked in an opulent radiance, exuded an aura of transcendence. At their pinnacle, where one might expect to find regal occupants, there existed only blinding spheres of light.

These radiant spheres, their luminosity too intense for mortal eyes to fully perceive, appeared like the ethereal eyes of celestial deities; watchful, unerring, and enigmatic...

Their light seemed to form an impenetrable blockade, obscuring the beings of cosmic significance that may or may not have occupied these thrones.

Beneath the overreaching thrones were six lower thrones, arranged in two tiers of three.

These thrones were equally magnificent, though their presence seemed to acknowledge a ranking within the celestial realm.

No one was sitting on those thrones.

"What have you done?"

A deep voice echoed akin to a cosmic song around the tableau, addressing the gorgeous crimson-haired Asna.

She was seen standing in the center of the tableau with a careless rebellious look, seemingly unfearful of her situation.

Though, she looked quite weak and sickly, which should have been impossible considering her identity.

"I did what I had to do," Asna replied indifferently.

"Have you lost your mind? How can you put your core within a mortal? You didn't just sentence him to a life full of hardships, his body is bound to give in sooner or later and get erased even considering your souls' compatibility."

"Who cares about him?" One of the three divine lights intervened with a cold tone, "If we don't retrieve her core, she will fall into an eternal slumber sooner or later."

"An eternal slumber is much better than getting imprisoned by your old fogies again." Asna spat on the ground in disgust.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Seeing how uncooperative she was, the three rulers knew that it was useless to argue with her...She was clearly too pissed off at them to bother respecting anything they said.

"Don't you realize that you have just put a target on your little mortal?" The first ruler spoke emotionlessly, "We need that core and you know we will do anything to get it back."

"What? Are you going to smite him again?" Asna sneered, "Why do you think I have given it to him? I don't trust you fools and I would rather keep my man protected with my core against your cowardly attacks."

Although the first ruler seemed to have shown mercy to Felix when he came to retrieve Asna, she didn't trust that he wouldn't hurt him the next time. After all, they had already killed him once and she believed that they could do it easily a second time.

However, with her core fused with him, if he was ever reborn with it, such divine smites would be useless against him!

The only way to truly kill him was if he dared step inside the eternal kingdom on his own.