Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1517 Each To his Own Destiny.

Just as Felix wanted to take his leave, he suddenly stopped...He realized that it was time to be brave and ask about his grandfather, friends, and earthlings' situation.

There was no better person to tell him about the truth than Lord Hades.

With a deep breath, he turned to Lord Hades, his voice filled with a sense of longing and uncertainty.

"Lord Hades," He began, his words carefully chosen, "I have a request, one that weighs heavily on my heart. I...I wish to know if my family and friends are here in the heavenly plane."

Lord Hades regarded Felix with an expressionless gaze and replied calmly, "No."

"No? As in no one made it to the heavenly plane?" Felix was stunned.

Lord Hades nodded.

"..."

Felix didn't know how to react...He understood that it was extremely challenging to get into the heavenly plane, but not a single person from forty billion dead earthlings had stepped into the heavenly plane? It was hard to imagine.

"How about my parent..."

"Also no." Lord Hades interrupted, "Child, do you know how many wandering spirits are in the spirit realm at the moment?"

"No..."

"Take a guess."

Felix thought about it deeply, considering all the races across the universe throughout the entire longevity of the universe.

When he was about to estimate a number, he couldn't help but smile bitterly. "I understand your point."

He realized that it was almost impossible to even pronounce the number as it should have millions of zeros in it!

The spirit realm existed ever since the emergence of the universe and for the past billions of years, it has been harvesting spirits across its realm nonstop...

Meanwhile, the heavenly plane barely had ten million spirits on it.

"The heavenly plane is a realm of destiny and transcendence. Those who are destined to find their way here will find it." Lord Hades shook his head, "As for the rest? Their destiny ended the moment they died."

Felix understood everything he said, yet still, it didn't make him feel any better.

He couldn't accept the notion that his grandfather and friends were wandering mindlessly across the ether when there was a way for them to live a good life here.

So, he pressed on his request, his voice tinged with a sense of desperation. "Is it possible, then, to bless a couple of them? To offer them the chance to come?"

Alas...Lord Hades had no sympathy for him.

"No." Lord Hades denied, "As I said, if they were destined to arrive here, then they are more than welcome. But, I won't interfere in destiny as I know that bringing them here will affect the destiny of other spirits. As their guardian, the least of my duties is to be fair and just."

Even though millions of spirits had died in the heavenly plane and cleared a decent number of quotas for new wandering spirits, Lord Hades had no intentions of helping anyone skip the queue.

Not even for Felix.

"I understand..." Felix smiled bitterly and dropped the matter at once, knowing that pressing any further would merely irk Lord Hades.

Without further ado, Felix thanked him for giving him an ear and took off with the law department chief's outfit on his shoulder.

'Honestly, after watching everything that happens in the heavenly plane, it's best for them to be wandering spirits.'

After thinking about it thoroughly, Felix began to have a change of heart. He understood that even if Lord Hades brought his parents, grandfather, and friends here, he wouldn't accept giving them their previous life memories.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Since their color and light wouldn't really be that great, they would struggle immensely as bottom-feeder spirits in this capitalistic environment.

He would not be here for long to keep an eye on them or such.

So, as much as it made his heart feel like it was being stabbed by a thousand needles, Felix decided to let them go...If there was a possibility in the future to meet them without relying on Lord Hades, then he wouldn't hesitate to snatch it.

...

Since the entire capital city was in ruins and barely 20% of buildings were still standing somewhat strong, Felix's house in the northern district hadn't escaped from the chaos.

However, Elder Kraken's house held strong because he protected it from the shockwave and it was built underground.

So, Felix went there straightaway and found out that Miss Sanae, Sekiro, Karra, and Little Timmy were already there.

After a couple of hugs and comforting words, the depressive atmosphere from the war was gone right away.

"By the way, I have been elevated to the chief of the law enforcement department, if you would like, I can hire you straight as a squad captain." Felix informed while looking at Miss Sanae.

Although Felix sounded dismissive of the declaration since he had no interest in remaining in the heavenly plane for long, the same couldn't be uttered about them.

All of them were left with widened eyes in disbelief, thinking that he was messing with them. None of them had seen a spirit become an ethereal elder a few days after he stepped inside the government!

"Congratulations, master! You deserve it more than anyone." Karra didn't care about how absurd it sounded and hugged Felix in delight.

"Thanks." Felix smiled and patted her on the head, making her fluffy ears wiggle in enjoyment.

He noticed that Karra was more clingy and upbeat the moment he returned, making him understand that it would be a bit troublesome when it was time to leave.

"Well, you have single-handedly took down the greatest threat when no one else stood against it." Sekiro remarked with a proud tone, "It was only natural that Lord Hades rewards you with an adequate status."

Felix nodded and turned to Miss Sanae. Then, he asked, "So? Are you interested?"

Miss Sanae waved her hands lazily, "Nope, it's too much of a hassle with those rigid rules you have to abide by."

"Once shady, always shady." Felix chuckled and didn't press any further, knowing his previous master's character pretty well.

Miss Sanae's eyelids twitched but didn't disagree with him as she indeed wanted to carry on her business in the gray.

"By the way, does anyone have an extra crystal device?" Felix suddenly inquired with a solemn expression.

"Take." Miss Sanae threw one at him like she had a hidden stash on the side.

Felix brought the gadget near the barcode on his wrist and it scanned it once.

The gadget got linked to his identity immediately and showed him all the data he had stored in his previously ruined device.

Then, he swiftly reached out to his previous captain, Charleson, and other squad members to check on them.

Unfortunately, no one picked up the call...This gave Felix a bad feeling.

'Maybe they have been turned into wisps.'

Before this thought could take root in his mind, Miss Sanae shared with a sorrowful smile after noticing his screen, "My apologies, but I don't think they exist with us anymore. I don't know about Ravager, but I have seen the rest getting erased with the arbiters and ethereal elders by the duke."

"I see..."

As Felix received the devastating news of his former squadmates' deaths, a shroud of sorrow descended upon him, their memories lingering like ethereal echoes in the depths of his soul.

He might not have spent a lot of time with them or cared much to learn about their lives, but they were his squadmates and he hadn't seen anything bad from them ever since their first meeting...Especially, Captain Charleson who stood by his side all the time even when he was a mere trainee.

"They have died an honorable death and I will make sure that their achievements will be etched in the minds of all old and new spirits for eternity." Felix proclaimed.

With his new authority, he knew that he could create a memorial for all the lost law enforcers and no one could stop him...But first, he had to help with the restoration of the heavenly plane.

He put on the new chief's outfit and it fit him incredibly well, giving him a new sense of unquestionable authority.

Then, Felix opened a hologram and called all the law enforcers across the entire heavenly plane, wanting to make his first announcement!

It was time for the Grand Supreme Leader to take a role befitting of his previous status!