1518 The Spiritual Pool.

Across the entire heavenly plane, a hologram of Felix Maxwell materialized in front of the law enforcers' devices automatically, his presence commanded attention.

Everyone halted their duties as they stared at Felix with a startled expression.

All law enforcers had recognized him since his name and image became more popular after his squad took down the Fallen Specters organization.

However, what threw them off wasn't his sudden appearance but the dignified outfit he was wearing with more than five strips on each shoulder, representing the highest authority in the law enforcement department.

"This..."

"Is this a joke?"

Nebula, Selaphel, Captain Frederick, Captain Bella, and the rest of the law enforcers who interacted with Felix before felt like their eyes were playing a trick on them.

Alas...Their new reality was already set in stone.

"I am Felix Maxwell, known as The Traveler." Felix declared, his voice carrying an air of authority and sternness. "I have been appointed as the new chief of the law department by Lord Hades."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Everyone was left utterly dumbfounded after he confirmed his appointment.

Who could blame them?

Felix just skipped millennia if not more worthy of promotions, jumping from a rookie law enforcer on his first month to their chief.

It was like a classmate becoming the principal overnight and now you were expected to respect and listen to his commands!

"This has to be a mistake...Lord Hades wouldn't promo..."

"It's not."

Nebula smiled wryly as she recalled Felix destroying the eternal kingdom's portal, now more certain than ever that it was him.

If Felix just come along and become the chief, she would have been just as upset and irritated, but knowing the achievements and efforts he had made in the war, she could do nothing but approve of it.

"I don't know how he will lead us, but at this moment, he is the strongest law enforcer and no one is more qualified for the position than him."

"Nebula..."

Her words caught Selaphel by surprise as she didn't expect her partner to complement Felix. It was like the grievance she had for him was put down to rest.

Felix knew that no one would accept the news easily, so he had to give them something to accept him and facilitate the chain of command.

"I was promoted as a reward for taking down the angels' commander and more than fifteen hundred angels. In addition, capturing and punishing the traitor Humphrey." Felix proclaimed calmly, "If you are still unconvinced, take it upon the Lord."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The law enforcers stood in stunned silence as Felix revealed his pivotal role in taking down the commander and the duke, as well as shattering the portal.

Then, chatter broke in all gatherings.

"It was him?!"

"The spirit in white and black flames?!"

"Is he a plant of Lord Hades? No way a normal spirit can get this powerful!"

Felix couldn't care about their reaction and moved on to the real briefing.

"As we stand here today, I want to express my profound gratitude to all of you. Your courage, your sacrifices, and your unwavering commitment have not gone unnoticed. You have been the pillars of strength in our heavenly plane's darkest hour."

He carried on, his voice tinged with mourning, "We also mourn the loss of our brave comrades who made the ultimate sacrifice. They will be forever remembered for their valor and dedication."

"In their honor, we shall erect a memorial in the center of our city... a symbol of our eternal gratitude and a reminder of the sacrifices made in the name of justice."

The order seemed to have touched many law enforcers' heartstrings as almost everyone had lost a close companion, a dear friend, or a lifelong partner.

"But, our primary focus now is the recovery of wisps and spirits," he asserted, his words resonating with purpose. "The heavenly plane has undergone profound destruction and before we can rebuild, we have to save our citizens."

"Details of the operations will be shared by your superiors...Stay strong, everyone depends on you in this critical hour."

With that being said, Felix concluded his speech with a formal salute in front of the hologram and turned it off.

The moment he closed it shut, his authoritative presence disappeared immediately and he returned to his old comfortable persona, leaving Miss Sanae and his servants somewhat speechless.

"What?" He raised an eyebrow.

"How can you have such a powerful and commanding presence? You were like a natural-born leader." Miss Sanae questioned with a distressed expression, "How can you be so perfect and have it all?"

Unbeknownst to them, Felix used to command an entire alliance with thousands of races and an uncountable number of people on it.

This was nothing but child's play compared to leading the SGAlliance.

"Trust me, I don't have it all." Felix smiled faintly, but behind that smile, a hint of pain was hidden.

"..."

Miss Sanae knew that she had struck a chord, reminding Felix of his captured woman.

Just as she wanted to apologize, Felix opened a new hologram and this time contacted only the high inspectors across the realm, surrounding himself in multiple holograms and partaking in his first official meeting.

When she saw this, she sighed deeply and took off with Sekiro, who was dragging Karra by the ear, clearly wanting to stay by Felix's side.

***

Seven Days Later...

The capital city was already close to having all of its central and northern zones rebuilt, leaving the outskirts to be a land of junk for now.

The rebuilding process went extremely fast only because the spirits, driven by their love for their hometowns, worked tirelessly to rebuild what had been lost voluntarily.

Also, because of the captured angels being forced into heartless labor. No one was showing them mercy even when they looked like absolute bums compared to their elegant appearance from before.

Amidst this resurgence, Felix had seamlessly transitioned into his new role as chief of the law department...His leadership was marked highly, earning the respect and admiration of those he led.

Recognizing the need for a new order, he promoted several high inspectors to temporary Arbiteres and captains to high inspectors, restoring the broken chain of command.

"It's time for another dose." Felix remarked as he glanced at his device and stood up from his desk, at the highest floor of the rebuilt law enforcement department.

He removed his outfit swiftly and teleported from his location to another one, hundreds of kilometers away from the capital city.

When he reappeared, he was in the heart of a well-lit cave. It was enveloped in a soft gray mist, lending an otherworldly ambiance to the space.

Near one of the cave's walls, a small, crystalline pool shimmered with a faint, captivating luster.

Felix showed a wide joyful smile as he walked towards the pool, almost skipping on the way in happiness.

Such a reaction was understandable as this pool was made out of the purest spiritual energy known in the entire universe and its realms!

The spiritual energy was so powerful and condensed, that it became a liquid, which was simply incomprehensible in Felix's mind.

Lord Hades had prepared this pool for Felix to help him reach his new limitations. Felix had been using it in the past four days and the results were simply inconceivable.

After reaching the pool, he slowly dipped his fingertips into the liquid within the pool, and a ripple of energy coursed through the water, responding to his touch.

As Felix submerged himself further into the pool, the liquid seemed to come alive, its ethereal essence intertwining with his own.

With each passing moment, Felix's body absorbed the liquid, each drop related to at least thousands of spiritual treasures!

So, he could be uttered to be in nine heavens, embracing and enjoying the sensation.

Unfortunately, after exactly ten minutes, Felix was forced to jump out of the pool against his will.

"Ah, if I only I can do more time each day." Felix sighed in disappointment as he got dressed.

He was told by Lord Hades that his soul had yet to adapt fully to the core and if he kept accelerating the absorption process, most of the boost would go to the core instead of his soul.

It was like the reserve tank was a million times bigger than the main tank and Felix had to fill the main tank only and stop until his soul could digest the spiritual empowerment. If not, the rest of the pool would go into the core and he would be wasting it.

Lord Hades had told him that he had concentrated more than a thousand trillion cubic meters worth of spiritual energy into this pool and if he wasted it, there would be no more.

So, Felix respected the time restriction even when he could feel that he could stay there for years.

Just as Felix wanted to teleport back to the office, Lord Hades' emotionless voice echoed deeply in his mind.

'Come meet me, now.'

'Right away.' Felix's heart skipped a beat in excitement.

He was told that the next time he would be called, the method to turn him into a unigin should be ready for disclosure!