Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1519 The Ascension!

1519 The Ascension!

Back in the council...

Only Felix and Elder Kraken were called...Lord Hades was already waiting for them on his throne.

"Listen well, becoming an unigin isn't guaranteed. I have merely created this method out of a theory and you will be the first to test it out in the history of the universe." Lord Hades said composedly.

"I understand." Felix nodded.

He didn't forget that Lord Hades only said that there was hope for him.

"That being said, I have come up with the best method to ensure your ascension and it has multiple steps that you need to respect and clear without a single mistake."

Lord Hades waved his hand and displayed a spiritual mirror, showing an exact clone of Felix from when he was still using Lord Shiva's bloodline.

The moment Felix saw that figure, his eyes widened in shock, and exclaimed, "Lucifer?"

Even Elder Kraken was surprised.

"What does he have to do with any of this? As far as I remember, Felix has erased his existence through totality collapse and I doubt even he can revive after getting hit by it." Elder Kraken expressed.

"This is a live feed of his whereabouts." Lord Hades said calmly, "He is nowhere dead."

"What...How?" Felix was beyond confused.

He never thought about Lucifer the moment he killed him. Lord Shiva's ultimate ability wasn't like any other, where one could take it and revive it later on.

It was powerful enough, that a significant portion of the universe was deleted by it. Felix watched with his own eyes how nothing was left of Lucifer.

"You are truly naive if you thought a being created by that old coot would have his journey end that abruptly. She created him for a reason and she won't allow him to die until he achieves it." Lord Hades said, "Right now, she is slumbering again, which means, she has abused her powers to revive him."

"Paragon of Sins..." Felix narrowed his eyes.

If it was her doing, Felix wouldn't have any more doubts that Lucifer was still alive and kicking.

"Is it related to ascension to demon god or such crap?" Elder Kraken mentioned, "We have watched Lucifer's life inside an illusion based on his fantasy and it seems like he believes that he will dominate the entire universe if he is able to merge with this boy."

"He was merely delusional." Lord Hades said, "He wouldn't have turned to a demon god or whatnot, but he could have possessed the boy's body and got everything that he has."

"That's something I always wanted to know about." Felix asked, "How can he even have the possibility of possessing my body? Doesn't his soul need to be compatible with mine?"

Felix was told that having Asna's soul compatible with him is already a miracle on its own, but to have another one? VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

What, was his soul some cheap product easily copied? He wondered.

"That's something I am not too sure about." Lord Hades replied, "I believe the paragon used her laws to make your souls compatible."

"Of course."

Felix instantly believed it.

He had seen how powerful unigins were and the paragon possessed the greed law ability to wish for anything as long as she could afford the price.

"But why though? Why is she so hell-bent on making Lucifer possess my body?" Felix frowned.

The fact that she brought Lucifer back up again even at the expense of her punishment made him realize that his story with the Paragon of Sins runs deeper than he thought.

This really confused him since he never really had any bad interactions or any interactions of such sort with her.

"I don't know if my judgment is correct or not, but I believe that she isn't doing this for the sake of Lucifer..." Lord Hades paused before dropping a bombshell on them, "I think she is doing this so you can possess Lucifer's powers."

"Huh?"

"Hmm?"

His bold statement startled Felix and Elder Kraken as they would have never thought of it in this way, not in a million years!

"Why do you think so? What does she have to gain from this? It doesn't make sense." Elder Kraken fired a series of questions.

"As I said, I am not too certain about my judgment." Lord Hades shook his head.

Lord Hades uttered this only because of his grand assumption being linked to the Paragon of Sins' motive for doing this.

He had no interest in sharing his grand presumption with anyone as they would label him as insane even if he was the guardian of spirits and souls.

"Listen, if you want her motives, ask her about them. For now, you need to understand that merging with Lucifer and devouring his powers of evil energy is the beginning of everything." Lord Hades shared, "If you succeeded in doing it, then my theory has a baseline and we can continue with the rest of the plan, but if it failed, there is no need to learn about the rest."

"I understand." Felix nodded.

He realized that Lord Hades was still skeptical about his plan and didn't want to share it entirely without making sure that they were on the right path.

Lucifer was the key.

Still, Felix asked, "How can I merge with Lucifer, and what purpose does it serve to have his powers?"

"His powers aren't the main focus, but his perfect compatibility to negative/evil energy is what matters." Lord Hades clarified, "He is the personification of evil energy, and merging with him will make you own the same compatibility to evil energy with the paragon of sins."

"I see."

Felix already started to have a feeling of where this was going.

"As for the merge, if your souls were really compatible, then you could easily dominate his consciousness and take over his powers." Lord Hades uttered calmly, "The moment you return to the living world, your spiritual pressure alone will be enough to make even primogenitors lower their heads at your gaze."

"..." Felix didn't know how to feel at the sound of that.

All his life, he had been worshipping and looking up at primogenitors akin to untouchable gods.

Now, he was being told that all the primogenitors across the universe would be below him in universal social rank. A mere natural-born human?

The feeling was simply indescribable!

Still, Felix didn't let this get over his head as his objectives were not primogenitors anymore, but those monstrous unigins who could flip galaxies upside down with a wave of a hand.

"May I know what's the end goal of this? I mean after I merge with Lucifer, and follow the rest of the steps." Felix questioned, his mind already had an idea about it, but he still had some misgivings.

Alas, Lord Hades confirmed his thoughts without an ounce of hesitation.

"Well, of course, to make you the next Paragon of Sins."

"..."

"..."

Both Elder Kraken and Felix remained silent at his overbearing declaration...Both of them were smart enough to recognize that this was his goal, but to hear it with their own ears was a different story.

"Don't look too shocked now," Lord Hades mentioned, "There is only one false unigin in the universe, and by destiny has it, you already have him sealed in your possession. He is the gateway to your ascension. But first, you need to obtain evil energy's compatibility and then we can take it from there."