1520 It's Time to Leave.

Soon, Felix and Elder Kraken were excused.

Lord Hades had no plans on sharing the rest of the plan and since Felix couldn't go anywhere without finishing his spiritual empowerment, there was no point in hanging around in the council.

After they left, Felix teleported both of them to Elder Kraken's mansion.

"Lucifer, who would have thought that sleazy demon is still breathing." Felix snickered, not too delighted by the news even when he was the key to his ascension.

How could he feel anything but absolute despise and anger after everything Lucifer put the SGAlliance through?

"Even though you have been dead for a long time, I doubt someone like him with such delusion of greatness would accept his failure to ascension." Elder Kraken mentioned, "He must definitely be searching for your corpse, hoping to possess it."

"With Lady Sphinx being responsible for my corpse's protection, there is no way he is ever going to find me."

Felix was told that close to a century was about to pass in the living world and his masters had yet to report any issues with Lucifer or any of his enemies.

Lady Sphinx possessed multiple pocket dimensions and she could hide Felix in any one of them.

"We will handle him when you get out, for now, just focus on your spiritual empowerment." Elder Kraken said.

"True." Felix removed Lucifer from his mind and thought about Nimo and his alter ego.

He knitted his eyebrows in concern and wondered, "Is Nimo part of the plan? Or do I just need to handle his alter? He did say that I have a false unigin sealed, so he might not care too much about Nimo's existence."

"Who knows?" Elder Kraken shrugged his shoulders. "We still don't even know how exactly you will ascend through Nimo, it might be a bestowal or forceful possession, all we know at the moment is to merge with Lucifer and this should be your priority instead of needlessly worrying about an uncertain future."

"Mmmm."

Felix knew that he was correct and his current attitude wasn't right, but still, the thought of sacrificing Nimo for his own benefit didn't sit well in his mind at all.

He knew that if he saved Asna and told her about what he did to Nimo, she would absolutely abhor him.

Nimo wasn't just any random unigin or a pet, he was genuinely thought of as their child and they had raised him while he was still a cubic egg.

"We can only hope it wouldn't get that far..." Felix grinned wryly and dropped the subject for now.

"I am more curious about the false unigin term." Elder Kraken rubbed his tentacle-filled chin thoughtfully, "Does he think that Nimo's existence is a glitch or something?"

"It can't be, how can a unigin be created as a glitch? This isn't any random creature." Felix shook his head, "He must have meant that Nimo was considered false unigin since he hasn't taken over his guardian duties."

If even Lord Hades pondered that Nimo's existence was preposterous, how could Felix believe that his birth was nothing but a mistake?

He still believed in his master's theory of Nimo's existence was to replace the paragon of sins. At least, their theory had a logical and purpose behind it.

But, Nimo being born as a mistake or a glitch? It literally meant that he was a rogue unigin without any duties or responsibilities.

It was a far worse situation than primogenitors as they were at least created for the sake of entertaining those in the eternal kingdom.

"Most likely, still, we should ask for clarification." Elder Kraken said, knowing that Lord Hades' mind works in mysterious ways.

"By the way, have you spoken to my masters again?" Felix suddenly inquired.

"No, there is no point when the plan remains the same."

"I see."

Felix nodded while recalling the previous conversation he had with his masters.

It happened the next morning after the war ended and the situation was finally settled with Lord Hades.

They updated them on the situation and told them about everything that happened, from Asna's capture to bringing Lord Hades' to their side and helping Felix become a unigin.

The news had surely stunned them speechless as everything changed so drastically, they had no clue how to accept the current state.

A day ago, they were waiting for Elder Kraken to send Felix's soul to them and now, Lord Hades was on their side and actively helping Felix in his development.

After the initial shock faded away, they discussed a new plan on how to revive Felix.

At first, everyone assumed that Lord Hades would place Felix's soul in his body without needing the life primogenitor's assistance.

Alas, he shut them quickly, telling them that he could not afford to help out in this matter since it was a punishable action by the universe.

Reincarnation with no memories was one thing, but to actively revive someone with his memories and gains still intact was another.

The fact that Felix possessed Asna's core made it even worse since his social status would be increasing to a new height, which would make it seem like Lord Hades was reviving someone above a primogenitor in the social ladder.

This would make the punishment even more gruesome and at this instant, he couldn't afford to be punished anymore.

The seal was literally hanging on by a thread and if something happened to him, a second invasion would be on the horizon.

So, the plan remained the same, and Lord Quetzalcoatl wasn't informed about any changes.

***

Days proceeded by and then weeks, before long, half a year was concluded ever since the heavenly plane had weathered the storm of war and upheaval.

In this decent period, the heavenly plane had undergone a remarkable transformation, emerging stronger and more unified than ever before.

New Ethereal Elders and governmental officials had taken their positions, their wisdom guiding the heavenly plane toward a brighter future.

Policies and initiatives were introduced to support the less fortunate spirits, offering a helping hand to those in need.

After all, many fallen specters threw themselves at the organization willingly to avoid getting kicked out of the plane.

So, some rules had to change in order to avoid making those at the bottom reach such desperation.

Amidst these shifts in leadership and governance, the cities had been lovingly rebuilt, their former splendor restored as if the invasion had never occurred.

It took less than four months to finish the entire rebuilding process for all of them.

Now, life had returned to its natural rhythm, and the memory of the invasion began to fade into history.

In this peaceful time of healing and progress, Felix was seen sitting inside an empty small pool with a few gray liquid drops here and there.

He opened his eyes slowly and glanced at what remained of liquified spiritual energy.

A faint smile broke on his face as he touched them with his finger, not caring that Asna's core would be absorbing it.

After clearing the entire pool, he let out a long exhale and thought to himself. 'I have truly hit my limitation.'

For the past seven days, his spiritual prowess had stopped increasing no matter how much liquified spiritual energy he fed it.

It was like his soul was full 100% and couldn't accept a single drop...Meanwhile, Asna's core was like a hungry hippo, devouring everything his soul had rejected.

Now, he was certain he had reached the limit.

"I guess this is it? Looks like It's time to leave..."

The moment he realized that it was finally time to return to the living world, memories from his time in the heavenly plane flooded his consciousness, like the pages of a storybook unfurling before him...

It had been a whirlwind journey, and each memory held its own significance.

He remembered the first day he arrived in the heavenly plane, confused, emotionless, and partnerless.

He recalled his climb in the heavenly plane's tournament, proving himself against formidable opponents and growing stronger with each victory...Even dethroning Nebula, the ten-time champion.

He recalled the weeks when he had been homeless, living in a makeshift tent beneath the ethereal skies in the central garden with his servants.

He recalled his first case as a detective, bringing down Sir. Azravan and his operate...Forget that, blackmailing him for his money as a crooked detective.

How could he forget about joining the law force and taking down an entire criminal organization operated by an eathreal elder? Or him having a big hand in saving the heavenly plane from destruction?

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

In just one year, Felix's journey in the heavenly plane had been a rollercoaster of challenges, triumphs, and personal growth.

As he recalled these memories, he realized how far he had come and how much he had accomplished.

Yet still, his favorite memory was his reunion with his beloved Asna as it made him understand more than ever that he could not live without her presence.

She was the light of his eyes and the sun in his orbit.

As they say, whatever great things one does, it would never be great without a partner, a lover, a parent, or a friend to share the moment with.

"One year, huh...It sure has been one of my busiest years." Felix grinned as he scratched his cheek, feeling a bit sentimental.

Still, without an ounce of hesitation, he stood up from the pool and strolled out of the cave, letting the glamorous sunlight shower his face.

"But, it's time to return to my rightful place," Felix uttered with a cold smirk as he teleported away, having no notion of staying here for another day.

The pondered of his woman slumbering as a punishment for his weakness could never let him rest for a single day ever again.

From today onwards, nothing shall stand in his way to rescue her...Not even those self-proclaimed gods.