1521 Getting Disciplined!

The first thing Felix did after teleporting to Elder Kraken's mansion was place a handwritten lengthy letter for each of his companions on the living room table.

Then, he patted them with a soft smile and teleported to the council, not planning to stay behind and say his goodbyes face to face.

He was never great with goodbyes and the fact that he would most likely never return to the heavenly plane made it even harder for him to speak with Karra, Sekiro, and Miss Sanae.

Plus, he was banned by Lord Hades for exposing his leaving with his memories intact.

So, instead of lying to their faces, it was best to write down that he would be taking the reincarnation opportunity.

"I hope you live a prosperous life..." Felix uttered one last time and then he took off the moment he heard footsteps near the door.

After he reappeared, he noticed that Lord Hades was already seated on his throne all by himself.

"Are you ready?" He asked emotionlessly.

"Yes." Felix nodded.

"I will transport you to the area near your corpse, so it will be easier for that irritating menace to pick you up." Lord Hades stated.

"I understand." Felix's eyelids twitched, knowing that Lord Hades wasn't a fan of the life primogenitor.

It was expected as he had bragged to his peers that he was reviving wandering spirits for fun against Lord Hades' wishes.

Soon, Elder Kraken finished with whatever business he had on and joined them.

With him on board, the connection with Felix's masters was established and they began their preparation from the other side.

...

"Lord Quetzalcoatl, it's time to cash in that favor please." Lady Sphinx requested through her AP bracelet.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Lord Quetzalcoatl appeared on the screen with the same friendly and upbeat expression.

"With pleasure."

"We have received news that Felix's soul will appear straight near his corpse, so you don't need to travel far distances in the spirit realm." Lady Sphinx shared.

"Really? Interesting, may I ask how did you manage to pull it off?" Lord Quetzalcoatl raised an eyebrow in surprise, "I doubt Lord Hades will watch you do this without interfering."

"Don't worry about that, Elder Kraken said that he has taken care of it." Lady Sphinx hid the truth expertly.

She knew that if Lord Quetzalcoatl ever heard that Lord Hades was in this, he would get cold feet and wouldn't dare help them out.

'Damn, I am kinda feeling bad for him.' Thor said with a not-so-

sympathetic chuckle, 'He will receive the beating of a lifetime.'

'He deserves it for his obnoxious happy-go-lucky personality.' Lord Shiva snickered from a distance while holding onto a manga book.

'You just hate him for being more loved and respected than you in our circle.' Lord Loki fired back while playing chess with Jörmungandr.

'Who wants your trash love and respect anyways, you can't even commit to a plan.' Lord Shiva retorted calmly, clearly still irked at them for ditching him.

'Whatever you say...Suicidal maniac.' Lord Loki muttered the last part.

Still, Lord Shiva gave him a cold glare for a moment before returning to reading his manga in peace.

It had been a century since Felix's death and it looked like everyone's interests were slowly getting more 'modern'.

Meanwhile, Lady Sphinx disregarded their entire annoying conversation in her head and concluded the deal with Lord Quetzalcoatl.

Elder Kraken saw this and sent the information to his main consciousness.

Because there was somewhat of a big time difference between the two realms, Elder Kraken received the information less than a split millisecond after requesting it.

"It's done, she will inform us when Lord Quetzalcoatl arrives at her location." Elder Kraken shared.

Before Felix could speak a single word, Elder Kraken spoke again, "He has arrived."

"..." Felix didn't know what to do but smile speechlessly at such a peculiar experience.

Without wasting anyone's time, Lord Hades pointed his finger at Felix and uttered. "I will be watching over you."

Before Felix could bow his head in appreciation or show his gratitude for everything Lord Hades had done for him and Asna, he found himself in the middle of nowhere...Literally.

Not even wandering spirits were seen floating in the area, making him feel like he was thrown inside the core of a black hole.

Fortunately, Lord Quetzalcoatl made an appearance in less than a few seconds, showing in front of Felix in his spiritual form.

'He....'

Before Felix could greet him, his lips twitched at the sight of Lord Quetzalcoatl riding on the back of a wandering spirit akin to a horse.

'Well, hello there!' Lord Quetzalcoatl laughed as he jumped from the wandering spirit and gave Felix a quick hug, 'It's been a while, little one!'

'It sure been, elder.' Felix showed a fake smile while hugging him back.

'Who would have thought that even death can't kill you, and even the big boss can't contain you.' Lord Quetzalcoatl kept laughing and patting Felix's back, 'I can't wait for all the trouble and chaos you will be sewing on your return...The universe has been way too peaceful after your death.'

'Elder, you think too high...lowly? Whatever, I am eternally grateful for your help.' Felix bowed his head in appreciation.

'Don't mention it, a favor is a favor, now let's get out of here before we attract that old monster's atten...'

Before he could finish his sentence, his friendly smile suddenly froze on his face after feeling a powerful spiritual pressure land on him out of nowhere, making it impossible for him to move an inch.

With Felix's enhanced spiritual prowess, he felt the pressure before it even befell Lord Quetzalcoatl.

Knowing its owner, Felix could only give Lord Quetzalcoatl an apologetic look.

'Vermin, this is your last revival in my territory. If you dare step in it ever again, I will break my own rule and eliminate you without hesitation.'

'Big boss! I am just...'

before he could finish, a sudden eathreal palm appeared in front of Lord Quetzalcoatl and landed with a resounding slap across his face!

The echo of the slap reverberated through the spirit realm, a punishment delivered with a weighty gravity that only a being of Lord Hades' caliber could wield.

Quetzalcoatl winced, both from the sting and the humiliation of being chastised before Felix.

'Zip it, you have been running amok and thinking I can't deal with you because you enter using your wisps?' Lord Hades threatened emotionlessly, 'I can erase your soul through your wisp just as easily.'

Slap!

Another smack resounded in Felix's ears, making him look to the other side to save a bit of Lord Quetzalcoatl's dignity.

He was literally treated as a child by Lord Hades while being an elemental lord, one of the strongest beings in the universe.

While Lord Quetzalcoatl had no clue what was going on with Lord Hades' aggression, Felix understood that the guardian of souls and spirits was in a weakened state, and he didn't want anyone trespassing on his territory ever again.

For all he knows, Lord Quetzalcoatl could be used by the eternal kingdom to invade again.

So, this lesson was bound to happen either now or in the future when Lord Quetzalcoatl entered the spirit realm to fool around.

'Now, get lost and take him with you. I don't want to see any of your faces in my territory again.'

With that last overbearing statement, the spiritual pressure was gone and Lord Quetzalcoatl finally was given a breather.

He sharply turned to look at Felix and found him staring at the wandering spirit, appearing like he was appreciating his 'spiritedness'.

'Kid...'

'Cough, yes, elder?'

'Did you know about any of this?'

'I have no idea what you are talking about.' Felix replied innocently, feigning speak ignorance, 'It was just us and this mindless spirit the entire time.'

'...' Elder Quetzalcoatl rubbed his reddened cheeks as he narrowed his eyes at Felix, who was avoiding them at all costs.

He wasn't stupid, he knew that this entire operation was weird and felt like a setup. But, he had no evidence of anything and at this moment, he didn't want to stay another second in the spirit realm.

'Let's get you revived.' Lord Quetzalcoatl swore in his mind, 'Little f*cker hasn't even been revived and already started troubles with me, god knows what will happen to the others.'

If it wasn't for Lord Hades' order to take Felix with him, he would have departed him here and left alone!