Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1522 The Universal Announcement!

Amidst the humming machinery and the ethereal glow of mystical equipment in Lady Sphinx's lab, a momentous event unfolded.

Felix's lifeless body lay on a sterile table, finally released from absolute zero's effect.

If it weren't for Fenrir keeping his ability active for the past century, Felix's body would have deteriorated a little.

Just a little since his corpse was considered a treasure on its own.

"Give me space. I am about to begin." Lord Quetzalcoatl requested.

He was sitting in a meditation position near Felix's corpse while Lady Sphinx and Fenrir were on the other side.

"Alright."

Both of them walked away from the table with looks of intrigue and anticipation as this was the first time they were about to witness The Life Domain in action.

It seemed like Lord Quetzalcoatl had no idea about what happened on the other side. Otherwise, he wouldn't be this polite.

It was expected since not everyone was a great soul user like Elder Kraken to link their main consciousness with their wisps in the spirit realm.

So, he would find out about the punishment only after his wisp merged back with him.

Soon, Lord Quetzalcoatl raised his hands, and a surge of vital energy emanated from his body, causing his green feathers to turn pure white.

The released energy manifested as a milky white mist, filling the room with a vibrant and life-affirming aura.

The atmosphere crackled with the power of his life domain, and the very air seemed to come alive!

"I feel like I am gaining centuries in my longevity with each breath." Fenrir commentated with a wonderous look.

It wasn't like he needed it, but he could imagine how mortals would literally worship Lord Quetzalcoatl as their god if he shared some of his blessings with them and made their short lives a bit longer.

Whoosh!!

As Lord Quetzalcoatl channeled his life energy, the milky white mist coalesced into a swirling vortex of vitality around Felix's lifeless body.

It danced and twirled with an otherworldly grace, its luminous tendrils reaching out like ethereal fingers.

The lab equipment kept shaking and falling down the stronger the vortex got, forcing Lady Sphinx to use her sand manipulation to affix everything in its place.

The instant the vortex reached its peak, Lord Quetzalcoatl bellowed, "Connect!"

Meanwhile, on the other side, Lord Quetzalcoatl had manifested the same vortex around Felix's spirit and told him to not move an inch and simply surrender to the call.

Those two radiant vortexes served as a bridge between the mortal realm and the spirit realm, connecting Felix's body to his soul.

It became a conduit for his wandering spirit, drawing it back with a magnetic force that transcended mere physical laws.

Slowly, but with unwavering purpose, Felix's spirit began to respond. It emerged from the depths of the spirit realm, drawn inexorably toward the swirling vortex of life energy.

With each passing moment, the connection grew stronger, until at last, the spirit rejoined its rightful vessel.

The room was suffused with an overwhelming sense of renewal and vitality as the milky white vortex completed its task.

'No wonder the soul has to be close to the body to make the revival work.' Lady Sphinx commentated.

The process was deemed much more complex and difficult to perform, which explained why not many people got revived after they landed on the other side.

The return policy was simply too strict and only an ability at the level of Life Domain could pull it off.

Whoosh!

Soon, The vortex grew weaker and before long, it faded away and the lab's equipment stopped making noise.

"It's done."

Lord Quetzalcoatl remarked as he canceled his life domain, returning the lab back to its cold and lifeless state.

"You sure? I don't hear a heartbeat." Fenrir questioned while approaching Felix and checking on his vitals.

"It's not my job to resuscitate him." Lord Quetzalcoatl chuckled, "You wanted his soul, his soul is in his body, and if you don't act quick, it might leave again."

"..."

"..."

Both Fenrir and Lady Sphinx gave him annoyed looks and swiftly went to help Felix kickstart his heart.

Lady Sphinx focused on the main heart, which was the human one, and began performing chest compressions on him.

If his body wasn't immune to electricity, she would have much preferred shocking his heart into beating again.

Fortunately, Felix's body was an absolute machine and with a mere few hard presses, His heart began beating again.

Ka-thumb!

The first heart thumped with a resounding beat, like a sports car engine roaring to life after a prolonged slumber!

It sent a surge of energy coursing through Felix's veins, filling him with newfound vitality.

Then, the devourer's heart joined the symphony of beats, its rhythm harmonizing with the first.

Ka-thumb!!

The Dragon's heart came next roaring to life like the ancestral dragon himself was awakened!

KAA-THUMB!!

With the addition of Kraken's vigorous heartbeat, the room seemed to resonate with the powerful cadence of life as if an orchestra of powerful engines revved to life!

As the blood streamed through runic seed, it seemed like it bloomed into a beautiful flower with all of the vein-like roots, lightning up across Felix's entire skin.

"Are we reviving a human or hearts collector, the hell is wrong with him?" Lord Quetzalcoatl was left speechless as he listened to Felix's hearts singing a song of their return.

If only he knew that Felix possessed two more small dormant hearts for emergencies.

Lady Sphinx ignored him and started carrying her examinations on Felix, knowing that his hearts beating again didn't imply that he would wake up immediately.

Her assumption was reasonable, but not for Felix any more.

Without any warning, Felix's eyes snapped wide open and released two beams of golden light into the ceiling for a few moments before it faded away!

A sudden silence befell the lab as neither Felix's heartbeats were heard nor the primogenitors' breaths.

It was vacuum-like silence where one couldn't even hear his own thoughts.

Before any of them could react, the light in Felix's eyes disappeared and he took his first breath, filling his lungs with the sweet air of the living.

The instant the breath settled in Felix's lungs, the universe released a thunderous booming clap across the minds of all living beings in its territory.

RUMMMMMMMBLE!!!

The thunderous clap reverberated through every mind, from the humblest spirit in the spirit realm to the mightiest divine beings in the eternal kingdom!

Not even Nimo's birth caused such an overbearing reaction from the universe!

It was like the universe was announcing his return with a resounding acknowledgment.

Wendigo and Saurous, who had been standing nearby, couldn't help but react with astonishment...Their eyes widened in shared surprise, and they exchanged a quick, unbelieving glance.

Noah, Olivia, Bodidi, Candace, Empress Emily, Empress Scarlet, Werewolves King Treznor, and many of SGAlliance's leaders dropped whatever they were doing and looked into the sky in the same direction like their souls recognized the source of the thunderous clap.

Lady Yggdrasil, Erebus, Elder Aspidochelone, Siren, Kumiho, Jorōgumo, Cyclope, and the rest of the primogenitors all seemed to share a similar reaction to the darkins, astounded, stunned, and most importantly, intrigued.

The rest of the citizens and people were simply terrified out of their wits and went straight to the UVR's network to discuss this deja vu phenomenon.

Across the entire universe, only two people seemed to have a different reaction to the universal clap.

Selphie and Lucifer.

Both of them felt their hearts tingle like their souls were touched on a deep personal level. In this universe, they knew, no they were certain that only one person could make them feel this type of way.

Selphie sat in the room, her heart heavy with emotions that had never truly dissipated.

As she linked the cosmic event to Felix's return, her eyes began to well up with tears, and her voice quivered with a mixture of sadness and lingering sorrow.

"Felix..." she whispered softly, as she hugged her knees, rolling up into a small fragile ball.

The pain of losing him had never truly gone away; instead, it lay dormant, ready to resurface at any reminder of his absence.

High Elves lived for a very, very long time and the fact that their love could be directed at one person alone throughout their entire life was a blessing and a curse.

In the case of Selphie, it was far worse than just a curse.

One century had gone by and her love and desire for him had only grown stronger and stronger...

On the other side of the universe, Lucifer couldn't contain his elation.

"Hahaha! I knew it! I knew that his life wouldn't end like that!"

His laughter erupted like a thunderstorm, reverberating through the very fabric of existence.

It was a laugh that echoed with a hint of madness and unbridled ambition.

"Felix!" he exclaimed, his voice tinged with both triumph and manic glee.

His eyes gleamed with an unholy light as he stared at faraway stars, and his expression twisted into a wicked grin.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"The path to godhood," he declared, his laughter still resounding in the air, "has been rebuilt, and I shall ascend once more!"

His fixation with attaining divine power and universal domination was unquestionably fervent, and the return of Felix had revived the fires of his ambition.

He wasn't even sure if this was related to Felix or not, but the copium of his destined rise was strong in him and he could never accept its failure.

Unbeknownst to him, Felix was also seeking an rise and he was his first ingredient.

Just like a crab jumping into a pool of boiling oil on its own, Lucifer took off into the sky, restarting his search for Felix...