Chapter 1525 The New Grand Supreme Leader!

﻿1525 The New Grand Supreme Leader!

Queen Ai went ahead and mentioned all the voided contracts, which included his subordinates/slaves' contracts, his supremacy games platform contract, his Mariana Federation contract as their leader, and many other individual but nonimportant contracts.

Since Felix made sure that all signed contracts didn't have a death penalty after voiding them, Queen Ai didn't do anything to him after his return.

Honestly, she wouldn't do anything even if he broke such contracts since Lord Loki was her true owner and he had Felix protected.

In fact, before Felix even connected to the UVR, he requested that Queen Ai didn't announce his return to anyone.

At this moment, he had no interest in exposing his return to Lucifer or his enemies...He wanted to have the first jump on them even if he could take them on quite easily.

"What about major events?" Felix moved on, not too bothered by the lost contracts.

"Noah Maxwell has risen to become the new Grand Supreme Leader after dethroning Hive Guardian N0. His ascension marked a shift in the balance of power, giving the human race two votes in the Ten Rulers Council."

"He actually pulled it off and became the number one in less than a century?" Felix was pleasantly surprised.

He was already informed that Noah was giving it his best to challenge the top ten supremes in order to become the new Grand Supreme after his departure.

He believed that he had in it him if he truly worked his ass off, but he also understood that High Chieftain Lokaka's wife and Hive Guardian N0 weren't weaklings...Even the two dragon heads, Bymid and Kyrsun weren't to be messed with.

"Show me a replay of his battles." Felix requested with an intrigued tone.

Queen Ai transformed the private room into a vast desolate desert-

like battlefield with Noah on one side and Red Clad Head Bymid on the other.

Noah's presence, with his pale face, white hair, and piercing blue eyes, stood in stark contrast to the crimson fury of the massive dragon.

Whoooahh!!!

The crowd in the sky cheered at the top of their lungs, causing the sand dunes on the battlefield to move akin to tidal waves.

"It sure been a while." Felix smiled faintly in enjoyment at this heated atmosphere.

Even though he fought in the heavenly plane's tournament, the feeling was nowhere close to the one in the games.

"Snow Prince!" Bymidroared, flames erupting from his maw as he soared into the sky.

'Snow prince? Pfffff! I am sure Noah is dying inside to be called that.' Felix laughed in amusement.

As he expected, Noah's expression turned for the worse the moment he heard his nickname being called.

His supremacy games' name was actually Noah Maxwell...Literally his ID name with nothing too fancy.

Alas, that was the worst mistake he had ever made.

"He really is innocent if he thought the fans would call him by his name instead of giving him a new cool nickname." Felix chuckled.

If it was up to him, he would have also used his first and last name in the games, but he understood that it was best to give himself a decent respectable nickname than allow the fans to do it for him.

Whoosh!!!

Meanwhile, Bymid summoned a blazing orb of condensed fire, launching it with ferocious intent toward Noah!

He wanted to end him right there with a nuke.

The fiery projectile hurtled through the air, a deadly force of destruction...But Noah, the master of ice and cold, remained unfazed.

"Absolute Zero, Projectile."

With a flick of his wrist, Noah summoned a small sphere of icy mist and hurled it at the flaming orb.

The moment the orb went through the sphere of mist, ice crystals formed, encapsulating the orb, and it hung suspended in time!

"Smart." Felix praised with an astounded look.

He understood that what Noah did was no easy task at all. He managed to create a way to manipulate his ultimate ability in a manner that could limit his energy consumption and also give him more leeway in its management!

Normally, he could have only activated and deactivated the supreme ability since he had no clue how it worked.

But, instead of just activating it and freezing time in a large area around him, he targeted a small area of space and activated his absolute zero on it, which allowed him to create that icy small sphere!

With his ice manipulation, he could easily either enhance its size, decrease it, throw it, or keep it on him.

It was truly an ingenious way to walk past the imposed limitation of the ability.

Bymid, undeterred, unleashed more flaming orbs one after another. Each time, Noah repeated his elegant dance, enveloping the fiery missiles in his icy embrace.

"Tsk, this again. Is this the only ability you have?"

Bymid's frustration grew with every attempt, as he watched his attacks turned into frozen relics.

Realizing that his orbs would never reach Noah's danger zone, Bymid released another flaming orb and this time, he blew it up manually before it could get captured by the misty sphere!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

BOOOOOOOOOM!

"Absolute Zero, Barrier." Expressionless, Noah put himself in the same icy sphere and everyone watched how the nuke's explosions halted the moment it touched the barrier.

The rest of the explosion continued expanding and erasing the desert, but it did absolutely nothing to Noah.

After the dust settled, Noah was seen flying through the mushroom cloud with two pairs of snow-white wings, rushing in the direction of Bymid!

Bymid's pride as a clan head dragon forced him to not turn his back and run away with his tail between his legs.

"Bring it on!"

Determined to face Noah up close and personal. He charged at him with incredible speed, his fiery breath billowing forth.

"Pride is really the greatest weakness of the dragons."

Felix shook his head in disappointment after realizing that dragons' pride as the superior race was still running strong in their blood after everything that happened to them.

Now, Bymid fell victim to it again as the moment he tried to turn Noah into ashes,time itself seemed to freeze as his colossal form became encased in the icy grip of Noah's power.

Unable to move, Bymid let out a roar that was now muffled by the glacial time prison that held him...His flickering flames and his once-

fiery demeanor were extinguished.

Felix didn't need to watch the rest of the fight to know how it would end.

He canceled the battle and requested Queen Ai to show him Noah's battle with Guardian N0, believing that it should be one of the hardest battles for Noah.

Even Felix at that time wasn't too keen on duking it out with Guardian N0, understanding that his mental prowess was on another level.

However, the battle went in the opposite direction of what he expected!

Noah defeated Guardian N0 by creating a small barrier of absolute zero around his head, making it impossible for anything to avoid its time-freezing powers!

Not even mental attacks were able to penetrate through it and without them, Guardian N0 was just like any other opponent!

"Damn...Absolute Zero is really something else." Felix was left speechless.

"What did you expect?" Thor remarked, "The ability to freeze time at will always triumph if there is nothing to counter it."

Felix knew that he was right as his lesser time spells were extremely powerful and made most of his recent fights easier.

"Plus, Fenrir has helped the boy bridge closer to the 900K BF mark through many extraordinary means." He added.

"I can tell, he has gotten way stronger than before." Felix nodded in agreement.

"Unfortunately, this seems to be his peak limitation." Fenrir shook his head, "It has gotten close to impossible to enhance his strength by even one hundred BF."

"I see." Felix sighed in frustration.

He understood that the last hundred thousand BF was the true chasm between a mortal and a deity.

Even Elder Dragon struggled to push past it and he had the means to enhance his strength through eating dragons' royal gemstones.

Meanwhile, Noah's werewolf system could take him only to nine hundred thousand BF and the rest was up to him.

Unfortunately, the last hundred thousand BF was harder to pull through than the entire hundred thousand BF combined.

If Fenrir uttered that Noah had reached his limitations, he truly meant it from the depth of his soul.

"Whether he finds a way to become a deity in the future or not, Noah has already achieved what many others could only dream of." Felix soon smiled with a look of pride directed at Noah, "He has become the number one strongest fighter in the SGAlliance."

Even though he pulled it off only because Felix wasn't there and had eliminated the true monsters of the alliance, it was still a mindblowing achievement when considering that he was using a single primogenitor bloodline!

"I guess the mankind race and the alliance are in good hands." Felix stretched with a look of utter relief, "I can now leave my duties to him and focus completely on the eternal kingdom."