Chapter 1526 I am Back.

﻿1526 I am Back.

If it were before, Felix wouldn't have minded being the grand supreme leader since it meant more control for his race and possessing the highest authority level in the alliance.

But now? The responsibilities of the post weren't a good tradeoff when considering his urgent need to get stronger and enter the eternal kingdom.

So, Noah indeed did him a massive favor, and all of his help to push his potential hadn't gone in vain.

"They even helped the human race become a member of the ten rulers...However, it came at the expense of the void nation getting kicked out." Felix reacted after hearing about the rest of the news.

When he checked how they pulled it off, he was pleasantly surprised to see that Noah and Olivia had led the team to the top of the ladder in the racial games platform.

This wasn't all, with their overwhelming strength and authority, they had united the entire Milky Way galaxy under the Mariana Federation and even altered its name to The Galactical Maxwell Federation!

"Hahah, my cute cousins are really popping off."

The more Felix read, the more gleeful he got. All the investments he had put in them were paid off in the best possible manner.

Felix always helped them simply because they were the closest family he had after his grandfather and would have done it without expecting any returns.

But, those two hadn't disappointed him and made him comprehend that he was no longer the sole person responsible for the rise and fall of the human race.

They showed him that even if he was gone for decades or centuries, the human race would continue thriving under their leadership.

This was everything Felix wanted...Someone to take the load off his back while he focused on much bigger matters.

After a couple more minutes of being updated, Felix finally closed the holograms and revamped his entire private room for training.

The rest of the news wasn't that important since the SGAlliance returned to its serene state after the demon race was conquered and the other side got integrated into their forces.

Besides a few demons popping here and there, and some changes to the game platforms,nothing much of importance occurred.

"I wonder how they will react after they receive this." Felix chuckled after sending an email and invitation link to his friends and subordinates.

Then, he started some easy training, wanting to get used to his body again.

...

Inside the Wormhole Express company's headquarters, Bodidi was seen staring at an email notification on his holographic display, his heart pounding with a mix of disbelief and shock.

He quickly tapped the message and read it over and over, his antennas leaning close to the hologram as he tried to comprehend the words.

"He's back?" he muttered to himself.

If it wasn't for the invitation link in front of him with Felix's unique ID imprinted on it, he would have thought someone was playing a nasty prank on him.

"If there is one person I am certain can cheat death, it has to be him. Haha!" Soon, Bodidi burst into excited laughter and pressed on the invitation link immediately.

...

At the same time, in the great Maxwell federation's council, Noah was seen sitting on the tallest chair with many holograms in front of him, showcasing hundreds of data related to mysterious lost civilizations, unique extinct natural treasures, and more.

He worked his ass off to reach the peak of the alliance for the sake of being the first to obtain any piece of information about new findings related to civilizations, treasures, pocket dimensions, and such.

Obiviously, he was looking into them for the sake of finding new ways to increase his strength and push through the last one hundred thousand BF.

Unfortunately, nothing much was found of value and even if new peculiar treasures were found and he obtained them, his strength remained stagnated.

"Nothing...Sigh, is it really over for me?" Noah rubbed his tiresome eyes for a moment.

When he opened them again, a picture of his little sister came before him, forcing him to get rid of those thoughts instantly.

"I can't stop, I won't stop." Noah's visage turned cold and expressionless again, continuing his research.

<nulli>Vrr Vrr...<nulli>

Suddenly, his AP bracelet vibrated, catching him off guard as he had put it on silence mode, making it impossible for anyone besides the nine rulers to reach out to him.

When he glanced at the screen and saw an email sent by Felix, his expression, usually so composed, broke into a rare shock.

"It can't be." He muttered as rapidly pressed on the email and read its details, leaving him with various thoughts roaming in his mind.

But as the grand supreme leader, he swiftly took control of his raging emotions and accepted the invitation link, wanting to check with his own eyes the validity of the news.

It was clear that Fenrir hadn't told him anything about Felix's adventure in the spirit realm.

...

Meanwhile, Olivia's heart skipped a beat when she saw Felix's email in her inbox. Her emerald eyes welled up with tears as she read the words, her emotions a whirlwind of joy and disbelief.

"Felix...Have you really come back?"

She hugged her holographic display to her chest, remembering their childhood escapades together.

Without an ounce of hesitation, she clicked on the invitation link and got teleported.

...

While everyone's reaction was leveled, Selphie almost suffered from a heart attack, her fingertips trembling on her holographic keyboard.

She couldn't believe her eyes, thinking that she had started to hallucinate at last.

When she recalled the cosmic thunderclap and her soul's tingling in familiarity after hearing it, her heartbeats started accelerating rapidly.

"Interesting, the kid has been revived?" Lady Yggdrasil remarked with an intrigued tone as she watched the situation from Selphie's mind.

However, when she saw her daughter's reaction, she started to feel that Felix's return might not be the best thing in the world.

'Sigh, here we go again.' Lady Yggdrasil smiled wryly at the sight of her daughter swiftly accepting the invitation link without uttering a single word.

...

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!...

Noah, Olivia, Bodidi, Selphie, Elder Cyclope, Malak, Queen Allura, and many of Felix's trusted people showed up simultaneously in his private room. However, Candace and all of the void nation's upper echelons were missing.

"Felix?"

"Boss!"

"It's really him!"

"Master!"

"Hoho, have you actually returned from the clutches of death? I was worried for a second that my great masterpiece would not have a master."

When Felix heard their familiar voices, he smiled and halted his training...He turned to face them and uttered with a playful tone, "Did you miss me? I..."

Before he could the rest of his sentence, he found himself jumped at by both Olivia and Selphie, embracing him as tightly as their arms could hold him while sobbing out loud.

"There, there...I am here now, everything will be okay..." Felix softened his tone as he caressed their heads, feeling the pain behind their wails.

His voice seemed to make things even worse as their cries only got louder...Felix raised his hands in defeat as he looked at the others, only to find out Queen Allura, Malak, and even Bodidi had teary eyes.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This made Felix feel appreciative and delighted as nothing beats knowing that there were many people who cherished you with all of their hearts.

"I am back." Felix uttered, his voice as serene as the breeze blowing behind his back.