Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1527 Too Much Love To Handle.

1527 Too Much Love To Handle.

After a couple of minutes, Felix was finally released from Selphie and Olivia's embrace, letting them get out everything in their chest.

Even though they stopped embracing him, they didn't leave his side at all.

Felix wasn't too bothered by it, understanding that anyone would have reacted the same if their loved one came back from the afterlife after an entire century.

It was a dream come true for many and none of them expected it to happen.

After everyone sat down, Elder Cyclope was the first to ask what was in everyone's minds.

"Boy, did you really die and visit the spirit realm?"

While everyone was pretty certain about it, they were still incapable of understanding how it was even possible to go there and return...Especially not after an entire century.

"Yes, and it was quite the experience, to be honest." Felix chuckled.

"Whoaah..." Bodidi exclaimed in wonder, "Can we know how it went?"

"To be honest, I can't share with you much of the details." Felix shook his head.

While Lord Hades didn't tell him to keep his mouth shut about matters related to the spirit realm and heavenly plane, Felix understood he shouldn't do it...Especially, when he told him that he would be watching over him.

"I expected as much." Elder Cyclope nodded.

"You really can't tell us anything?" Olivia asked, her eyes still puffy and red.

"All I can tell you is that your loved ones aren't suffering in the slightest," Felix said as he eyed Noah, knowing that he must be burning to ask him about his sister.

"..."

Noah felt a bit of relief at the sound of that...His sister's fate had always been torturing him as he had no clue what was happening to her there.

'My apologies Noah, but it wasn't possible to have your sister revived with me.' Felix said telepathically.

'You have nothing to be sorry about. Your return is already a blessing.' Noah shook his head, not accepting his apology, 'Plus, if there is someone going to revive her, it will be me.'

'That's the spirit.' Felix smiled, realizing that Noah had grown a lot in his absence.

"Can we know at least how did you come back?" Queen Allura raised an eyebrow, "I can't think of it being easy, otherwise, everyone will be doing it."

"Well, returning isn't the hardest part." Felix smiled wryly, "It's doing it while still maintaining your memories."

Felix went on and explained to them that spirits lose their memories the moment they die, leaving them akin to mindless ghosts.

While this raised plenty of questions in their heads, like how Felix was able to revive when this happened to him, Felix kept his mouth shut throughout the entire conversation.

In the end, everyone dropped the matter against their burning curiosity and Felix changed the subject to the alliance, showing his appreciation to Noah and Olivia.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"You guys have really made me proud," Felix said as he patted Olivia and eyed Noah.

"Hehe, of course, we would have never allowed everything that you have built to end in ruins." Olivia giggled in enjoyment, "We had to maintain your legacy regardless of what."

"I did what I had to." Noah bowed his head a little in Felix's direction and uttered, "I have kept your seat warm for you. You may reclaim it anytime you want."

Noah didn't feel even a little bit saddened or angered that all of his efforts to become the new supreme leader would be in vain.

In his eyes, no one was more deserving of this title than Felix and he would gladly hand it over without an ounce of hesitation.

Luckily for him, Felix had no interest in it any longer.

"Nah, you keep it, I have other matters to handle." Felix informed, "I have no plans to announce my revival to the public, so I wish that this stays between us."

"Are you sure?" Noah asked.

"Yes."

"Well, your secret is fine with me, though I am anticipating your public return." Elder Cyclope chuckled as he stood up, "Round two against the darkins will sure be fun."

Then, he left the gathering, not too interested in staying with the youngsters.

After he took off, Felix and the others stayed together for an hour or less before Felix started sending them off until only Olivia, Malak, and Selphie remained.

Even Noah and Bodidi left as both of them had plenty of responsibilities to deal with.

Bodidi was promoted to a high position in the Wormhole Express company after his contract with Felix was terminated.

Now that he returned, one could only wonder if Bodidi would be Felix's exclusive deliveryworm or remain in his post.

"By the way, where is sister Asna? Didn't you call for her too?" Olivia suddenly asked with a inquisitive tone.

Selphie flinched after hearing Asna's name, but she remained silent.

"Asna...Asna won't be around for a while." Felix replied with a forced smile.

"Ah, I see." Olivia didn't know what happened between Felix and her, but she could see that he wasn't comfortable with the subject, so she dropped it.

'Did they break up?'

Meanwhile, Selphie's eyes brightened up in delight, knowing that it should have been impossible for Asna not to attend such an important moment.

In her eyes, either Felix met with her before them or something happened between them and their relationship wasn't on the right path.

If only she knew what truly happened, one could only wonder if she would still feel joyful at the opportunity or if her kind soul would get in the way.

Whatever it was, she also didn't press on the subject.

"Have you created any other time ability in my absence?" Felix asked Selphie with a curious tone.

Selphie nodded excitedly like a child who wanted to brag to their parents, "I threw myself into my runic studies after you left and I managed to forge one lesser and one greater time spell."

"Two and a greater spell at that?" Felix was startled.

Mastering a pre-existing time spell was already a challenging task, but to forge a greater grade spell and even master it in less than a century?

He always knew that Selphie was a unique breed when it came to a runic understanding, but she still never failed to impress him!

"I can teach them to you anytime." Selphie offered happily.

She used a century for those two abilities and she had absolutely no problem with helping Felix master them in a couple of years.

For his presence, she would literally do anything and Felix began to pick up on her increased attachment to him.

'I have a feeling this isn't going to end well...' Felix smiled wryly, but he could do nothing about this.

If even his death and one century of absence weren't enough to kill her emotions about him, nothing he uttered or did was going to do anything. In fact, it might make things even worse.

'Elves' attachment sure is scary...' Lord Loki suggested causally while chewing bubblegum, 'If you are too annoyed, you can use your illusion domain to erase her intimate emotions towards you.'

'It sure will end this chapter once and for all.' Thor supported.

He was team Asna from the start and while he was a bit of a playboy, he didn't want Felix to betray Asna's trust after everything she did to him.

Staring into Selphie's gem-like bewitching loving eyes, Felix soon sighed in frustration within his mind.

'I don't know, if I am going to do this, she has to be on board with it. I don't want to hurt her like this right after I returned from death. It's just too brutal...'

Ps: I wish the author good health all the time.