Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1528 Spreading A Rumor!

﻿1528 Spreading A Rumor!

Felix had nothing against Selphie as she was soft, gentle, very nice, and competent. She always treated him right and showed him the respect he deserved from day one, which was everything one could ask for.

She was literally a dream girl for every man in the universe.

Unfortunately, while he wanted their relationship to stay in friendship, she made it obvious that she desired more even when he had already rejected her directly.

'She is the only one hurting from this.' Felix smiled wryly.

In the end, Felix had put Lord Loki's suggestion at the back of his mind, not wanting to start a new problem out of nothing when he had many important matters to handle.

***

After spending more than a couple of days with his friends, catching up on everything and just enjoying their time together through parties, hangouts, and such, Felix finally sent them back home and had the rest of the week to himself.

Even when was hanging out with them, he didn't get into relaxation mode at all due to Asna's crisis and Nimo's peculiar situation.

His friends had noticed his attitude and questioned him many times about it, but Felix shrugged it off until they gave up on asking him.

"Is there really no way of reaching out to Candace or Nimo?" Felix frowned.

He was sitting on the central table with the majority of the tenants.

"I have tried, but there is no presence of them." Lady Sphinx replied, "Ever since Candace's wisp disappeared from my consciousness space, we heard nothing from Nimo's side."

Felix was informed that two decades ago, Candace and the majority of the void nation citizens had gone missing.

The Ruiner, Meriam, Arthur, and the rest of the councilmen were also gone...They could neither be reached out through the Queen nor found in any territory across the alliance.

It was like they were snatched out of existence.

"I am afraid this has to be related to Nimo as no one has such an overbearing authority on the void creatures besides him and the Paragon."

Felix didn't like this notion in the slightest...He knew that Nimo still possessed the emotional control of a child and ever since he was declared dead, he had completely lost it.

Felix thought that after his return, he could get things corrected easily. But now? He had no clue what to think anymore.

He couldn't even reach out to Nimo and find out what he was doing.

"The void creatures' numbers have been reduced significantly and continuously over the past two decades." Thor narrowed his eyes, "Nimo is up to something and we have no clue if it's good or bad."

Realizing that only one person could help them at the moment, Felix requested out loud. "Lord Khoas, is it possible that you have his location?"

Felix knew that Lord Khaos had a significant interest in Nimo and there was no way he would let him roam free without tracking him.

His assumption was correct, still, the answer he received didn't solve his problem.

"I lost his track a long while ago." Lord Khaos's deep cosmic voice resounded across the consciousness space, "He used his laws to hinder my vision of him."VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"He is getting smarter, I don't know if I should feel proud or worried." Felix smiled wryly.

"I think the best way to find him is through announcing your return." Thor suggested, "If we can't locate him, we should make him reach out to us."

Felix and the others agreed. But, Felix didn't want to alert the darkins and Lucifer, knowing that being in the dark gave him a tremendous advantage over them.

"It's best to focus on Lucifer first." Lady Sphinx shared, "As long as we secure the merge, we can then deal with other matters."

"You're right."

As much as Felix wanted to find Nimo, he understood that Lucifer must be his number one priority since if he lost him or such, nothing else would matter.

"Dealing with him is simple, just spread some rumors about you being spotted in some place and if he still desires his ascension, he will definitely come by to take a look." Jörmungandr suggested.

Rumors and Felix coming out publicly were two different things.

No one would believe such rumors since Felix was announced dead longer than a century by now. But for those desperate for him to be alive? They wouldn't hesitate to travel half the universe to check with their own eyes the rumors' legitimacy.

"That sounds like a plan." Felix agreed.

If it was up to him, he would have rather relied on Lord Hades' assistance in locating Lucifer as he made it obvious that he had everything under his vision.

But, Lord Hades hadn't responded to Felix's calls ever since his return, making him understand that this was a one-way connection between them.

He would talk to him only if he had achieved the missions he had given him and needed to move up.

"We at least know that he is on the other side, so we can start the gossip there." Elder Kraken said.

They were certain about this since Lord Khoas also had eyes across the universe and the only blind spot he had was on the other side where the paragon of sins slumbers.

Without further ado, Felix and his masters began putting details on their plan.

***

On the other side of the universe...

Lucifer could be seen pacing back and forth, his fiery eyes ablaze with determination and a hint of madness as he explained, "I can feel it, my friends. The cosmic clap we experienced was no ordinary event. It was related to him! He has returned."

Wendigo and Saurous glanced at each other for a instant before Wendigo waved his hand at his brother, seemingly telling him to handle this lunatic.

"Lucifer, you've always had a flair for the dramatic. But, this? This is taking it too far."

"Believe me god damn it!" Lucifer grew impatient and angrier, "Both of us share the same destiny! Do you think he will go and die just like that? Don't be foolish! Even if you don't trust my judgment, you should trust my mother's!"

"Why, did she tell you that he has returned?" Wendigo leaned closer with a serious expression.

"No, but do you think she will create me two times and suffer from the universe's punishment for absolutely nothing?" Lucifer's gaze did not waver as he continued to make his case.

While his statements did make some sense, it was not enough to move Saurous and Wendigo.

"That vermin has died. I am not too delighted by not being the one killing him personally, but he is dead." Wendigo disclosed sternly, "End of story."

"You heard him, now scram," Saurous said.

"You..."

Lucifer was livid at their nonchalant treatment, feeling like he was being taken as a lunatic for reaching out to them with such nonsense.

If it wasn't for the fact he needed their help to facilitate the search and battle, he would have never put himself in such a humiliating position.

Not wanting to lower his pride and beg them, Lucifer merely excused himself with a frigid look.

"What an absolute buffoon." Suarous chuckled in ridicule, "I feel it he said, feel what? Does he think he and that brat share the same soul or what?"

"Put it to rest." Wendigo yawned. "We just have to keep our distance from him, he seems to be losing it on a daily basis."

"Couldn't agree more."

A couple of days later, Wendigo and Saurous were forced to eat those words after finding out about a new hot piece of rumor and a short clip spreading in the other side's network.

The short clip showed a similar-looking person to Felix captured while he was walking across a busy market on planet Gorrana, which was still ruled by the Luminaris Race.

The footage was seized from a high angle and lasted for a mere two seconds before it ended.

The title of the footage was: The Previous Grand Supreme Leader is Alive?!!

This footage alone had more than fifty trillion clicks in less than a couple of minutes of it being posted!