Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1529 Looking For Me?

﻿1529 Looking For Me?

"Is this sh*t real?"

Saurous' eyes widened to the limit while placing them a mere inch away from Felix's foggy face in the clip.

"Stop fooling around, it's clearly fake news to get some attraction." Wendigo didn't seem too interested in the clip. "Anyone can copy that brat's face and create viral news about him to increase their social media's visibility."

"I know that, but this, this boy's face albeit unclear, gives me the urge to punch it..." Saurous muttered, "Only that brat makes me feel this way."

Wendigo rolled his shadowy eyes and ignored him.

"Whatever, I know that lunatic will most definitely check this out even if there was a 0.001% chance of it being more than a rumor."

Saurous dropped the matter for now, knowing that Lucifer would check its legitimacy for them.

'It's him!'

As he anticipated, Luciferdidn't have an ounce of doubt in his mind about Felix's identity in the clip as the moment he looked into his eyes, he sensed the same familiar connection!

He wanted at the start to take this information to the darkins and seek their assistance in taking down Felix, not wanting to take any risks in his second chance.

But, he concluded up rejecting the notion after remembering their previous attitude.

'Evil Manifestation.'

Lucifer used a tiny hidden portion of evil energy, which was stored in Gorrana, and manifested his body through it.

He had placed his evil energy in many areas around the other side to ensure his freedom of movement.

To avoid trouble with the alliance and the primogenitors, he controlled the evil energy to not spread out again.

Even though he had the strength to create massive chaos in the universe in Felix's absence, he decided to remain lowkey.

The ascension was his end goal and if creating chaos wasn't going to fulfill it, there was no point in wasting his time and energy.

After he disguised himself, he took off in the direction of Gorrana's capital city.

In less than a couple minutes, he had invaded it and arrived at the busy marketplace, where the video was taken.

He closed his eyes for a moment and activated his senses to the limit, unbothered by the noise around him.

Unfortunately, his senses failed to pick anything.

'Did he already leave? The clip was taken not long ago, he can't have walked...fa.'

Before Lucifer could finish his thought, a hand was placed on his right shoulder out of nowhere.

"Looking for me?"

A devilish-like whisper followed soon after, sending a cold shiver down Lucifer's spine after recognizing the voice.

'I...'

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Just as he wanted to put some distance, he found himself in a different place. A small dimensional pocket, resembling a pristine, featureless surface floating in the void.

"Isn't this an interesting situation? Two deities who escaped death facing each other again." Felix remarked casually as he eyed the distressed Lucifer.

Lucifer heard him but didn't really register what he said. He was still processing this sudden frightening development.

'Was I baited to make an appearance? Why? He can't have known about my revival beforehand? Who told him? Do I escape and plan for another opportunity?'

Many questions roamed Lucifer's mind. Nothing made sense to him as he knew that Felix should have never known about his revival unless the darkins told him.

It was unimaginable for those two to help out Felix with anything.

"No need to overwork your little brain." Felix mentioned, "I brought you here to give you a chance of ascension and fulfill your destiny."

"..." Lucifer eyed Felix coldly for a few moments before finally breaking his silence, "Are you taking me for a joke?"

"Always have been, but trust me, not this time." Felix smiled sincerely, "I want you to attempt to possess my body and ascend, and if you succeed, you will have a clear path to godhood as you have envisioned."

Felix had absolutely no clue how the ascension process worked and if it was the same as shown in Lucifer's illusion, then he wanted him to kickstart the process again.

Only this time, their souls would clash for real.

"I don't know if you have hit your head, but there is no way I am trusting a single word coming out of your lips." Lucifer sneered, "I am content with knowing you are alive for now. We will meet again in the future."

Lucifer prepared to take his leave, having no contemplated of staying here for another second. He was in a different space and without any preparation, making him on the weaker side.

Now, with an actual confirmation, he could ally with the darkins again and use them to ease the battle if just by a little.

Unfortunately, after he closed his eyes and opened them again, he found himself still in the same position.

"Hmm?"

He knitted his eyebrows in disgruntlement and attempted again to manifest his consciousness in a different evil energy cloud...Alas, he kept opening and closing his eyes until he seemed like he was blinking, but still no results.

"What did you...Am I in an illusion?"

Lucifer dropped the tough act immediately and began looking around him with a distressed look.

His first assumption was an illusion, but he recalled that his mother told him that he was significantly resistant to them after she used a piece of her consciousness to revive him.

"You wish it was an illusion." Felix smiled as he approached him calmly.

"Stay away!"

Lucifer jumped backward and launched two condensed spears of crimson evil energy! As they approached Felix, he didn't bother to use an ability to block them.

He merely kept walking forward and the spears' trajectory was altered against their will, flying past him like he was protected by an invisible untouchable aura!

"You..."

When Lucifer sensed the 'aura', his blood turned cold and his gray face turned as white as a piece of paper.

As Felix got closer to him, the aura became more overpowering and overpowering until it completely encompassed Lucifer.

Thud!

His knees and arms slammed against the ground, leaving him in a dog posture, trying his best to resist the overbearing spiritual pressure!

'It can't be...It can't be...This must be an illusion...Must be!'

Lucifer refused to believe the reality before him no matter what. Who could blame him?

Felix was overpowering him with nothing but spiritual pressure, which shouldn't have been possible when deities' spiritual pressure was considered the peak in the universe!

"I know what you are thinking."

Felix stopped in front of him and sat on the ground. He rested a hand above his knee, taking a comfortable position while Lucifer was fighting for his life to even raise his head.

"You must be thinking that it's impossible for me to possess a higher grade of spiritual pressure than deities and this is purely an illusion."Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Felix chuckled as he waved his index finger up, causing Lucifer's head to lift up immediately.

He was sweating all over and his facial structure seemed to be under a million tons of gravity force.

"Unfortunately for you, this is as real as it could get." Felix smiled, "This small dimension is on total spiritual lockdown, making it impossible for any soul or a wisp to enter or leave."

"So, are you going to give yourself a chance and ascend through me, or should I erase your existence again?"

While Felix was finishing the last part of the sentence, a small orb of pitch-black void domain manifested above his palm and hovered there, menacingly.