Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1530 Must Find The True Method.

He wasn't really going to use it on him since it would do nothing but erase his body and current consciousness, giving him a chance to be revived in a different place where evil energy existed.

But Lucifer didn't know that.

He felt his bones twitch in fear at the sight of the void domain, believing that it was the same ability used to erase him before.

'Mother won't revive me again if I die. I don't know why he wanted me to possess his body, but I have no choice but to accept.'

Lucifer knew that his fate was no longer in his hands...The fact that Felix's spiritual pressure was empowering him was enough to make any action or thought invalid.

'But, how am I supposed to win against him in a spiritual battle?'

Lucifer's expression wasn't so good.

Even if he wanted to fight it off with Felix and possess his body, he wasn't delusional to believe that he would win in a spiritual battle after this display of power difference.

"Chop, Chop, I don't have all day." Felix pressed while bringing the hovering minimized void domain near Lucifer's face, causing him to grimace in utter terror.

'I will do it! I will do it! Just get that thing away from me!' Lucifer replied telepathically with an agitated tone.

"That's more like it."

Felix snapped his finger and the void domain disappeared. Then, he smiled coldly, "I will release you, but don't try anything foolish. My spiritual pressure still has the pocket dimension on lockdown."

"Fine Motherf*cker! You want a spiritual battle! You got it!"

Left with no options, Lucifer transformed himself into a malevolent cloud of dark energy the moment Felix released his pressure on him.

With a sinister purpose, he aimed to invade Felix's body.

As Lucifer descended upon Felix, his dark cloud seeped into every pore, engulfing him in its suffocating embrace until it disappeared completely.

Felix had everything in control as the moment Lucifer attempted to be silly, he could easily freeze him with his spiritual pressure.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Luckily, Lucifer was smarter than that and actually stuck with the plan, having his consciousness manifest in Felix's consciousness space.

"What the f*c..."

However, the moment he opened his eyes, his soul almost escaped from his body in utter fright at the baffling scene before him.

In the center of the consciousness space, there stood Felix, resolute and poised, surrounded by eight powerful and imposing figures.

All of them radiated an aura of a deity, signifying their status as primogenitors – masters of their respective domains.

Lucifer's initial shock and fright were palpable.

He had expected to find a solitary mind to subdue, not a gathering of such formidable entities!

To make matters worse, they were seated in luxurious chairs arranged like spectators at a grand event and held a range of refreshments – from popcorn to glasses of alcohol as if they were here for an evening of entertainment!

Thor regarded Lucifer with a faint grin, his eyes gleaming with anticipation. Meanwhile, Lady Sphinx, reclined comfortably in her chair with a note in hand, seemingly wanting to study the upcoming ascension process.

"Don't pay them any attention and let's begin," Felix said casually.

'Don't pay them attention?'

If looks could kill, Felix would have already dropped dead...How could Lucifer ignore the existence of eight primogenitors staring at him like he was a clown in a freak show?

To make matters worse, he understood that the moment he showed a chance of winning against Felix somehow, they would all collapse on him.

In other words...

'I am done for...'

Despair dominated Lucifer's visage, feeling absolutely hopeless...He didn't even bother to attempt the ascension anymore, knowing that the only reason he was still alive was because of it.

As he expected, Felix got irritated after he noticed that Lucifer wasn't planning to make a move.

"What are you waiting for?"

"I am done playing your game." Lucifer sat down on the ground with a resolved expression. "If you want to kill me, get it over with."

He wanted to maintain the last bit of dignity, not for his sake, but for the sake of his mother.

"Stop being childish and let's do this." Felix remarked.

"Childish? F*ck you!" Lucifer twisted his head to the side, acting like a pouting girlfriend.

Felix twisted to look at his masters for advice and they shrugged their shoulders.

The ascension process wasn't simple in the slightest and Felix didn't dare make a move before fully understanding what he was getting into.

For example, was he required to just merge souls? Or he had to eliminate Lucifer's consciousness and then take over his soul? Or worse, take possession of his evil energy while keeping his consciousness alive within him.

There were so many methods and unless Lucifer made the first move, he wouldn't know which one to choose.

Lord Hades hadn't fully told him the details, which meant this situation was also new to him.

So, Felix decided to switch his way of handling things.

"I have given you a chance to die a graceful death and you spat on my face." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he walked in the direction of Lucifer, "I should have gone with violence from the start."

He was no longer willing to wait for cooperation; instead, he intended to extract information by any means necessary.

"Do your best." Lucifer sneered coldly.

He had no clue why Felix was adamant about his ascension and he had no plans of sharing the method with him even if he went through the most gruesome torture.

"Don't worry, I will give you my 'best'."

Felix used his spiritual pressure to lift Lucifer's body into the air and extended his limbs far apart until they were on the verge of being torn.

Still, Lucifer didn't release a single groan...In fact, he was showing a taunting smile like no matter what Felix did to him wouldn't affect him much.

He wasn't acting like this for no reason, as the incarnation of evil energy, pain was nothing more than a normal sensation to him.

"Let's see if you will keep the tough act after this."

Felix showed him a gentle smile while manifesting a pitch-black flame on top of his finger. Lucifer raised an eyebrow in surprise as he had never seen before a black flame.

Not even unigins recognized the black flames, don't even mention him!

That's right, Felix had employed his illusion domain to recreate a similar flame to the black celestial flames with the same effects!

"You have no clue how much effort it took me to recreate this." Felix spoke as he released the tiny black flame at Lucifer, "Be honored, you are the first person to experience a copy of celestial black flames."

The instant the black flame touched Lucifer, it spread out akin to wildfires across his entire body until he mirrored a flaming torch.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!....

Lucifer's anguished cries echoed through the consciousness space, a heart-wrenching symphony of torment that was loud enough it cause small waves to emerge on the consciousness ocean!

Once proud and defiant demeanor had crumbled, replaced by the sheer agony inflicted upon him...The celestial black flames that licked at his form consumed not only his physical essence but also his very soul!

It was potent enough to cause even unigins to feel the pain!

As Felix watched Lucifer wiggle and scream until his vocal cords were about to snap, he rubbed his chin thoughtfully. 'The pain seems similar to that of Duke Humphrey, but it still feels like something crucial is missing.'

Memories of his time spent with Duke Humphrey during his last months in the heavenly plane soon came back to him.

...

A month ago in the heavenly plane...

"PLEASE! PLEASE! I WILL DO ANYTHING!! AAAGH!!! PLEASE I BEG YOU!! LET ME DIEEEE!!"

"Shsss, I am trying to study here."

Above an imposing memorial platform that dominated the city square with its colossal size, Duke Humphrey was seen chained in a star shape to two metallic pillars.

Black flames danced around him, their ethereal tendrils wrapping his form in an unrelenting embrace, despite the agony that coursed through his being, Duke Humphrey's cries and pleas were silenced by a sound cancellation bubble that enveloped the pillars.

This entire sight was Felix's idea to punish Duke Humphrey while also warning everyone else about the consequences of betraying the spirit realm.

"Sob...Sob...Godfather...Save mee, someone save mee..."

Seated nearby, Felix was immersed in his work, appearing unperturbed by the screams and begs of his captive companion.

He had gotten used to it by now as he had been spending almost a couple hours every day around him to study the celestial black flames.

"I have twisted into a wisp, lost my celestial energy, and still, the black flames are burning." Felix muttered, "Lord Hades uttered that it shouldn't be possible with white flames as they need celestial energy to keep burning. So, what's the deal with this?"

"I know! I know the answer!! Just free mee...argh!! and, And, I will tell yo....AAAAAAA!"

Felix rolled his eyes at his inability to finish a single sentence and replied, "Even the black flames don't believe your bullsh*t, just be quiet and let me study."