Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1531 If I am Not Winning, No One Will Win!

﻿1531 If I am Not Winning, No One Will Win!

With the portal to the eternal kingdom sealed, Asna's core couldn't absorb celestial energy even if it wanted, leaving Felix without an ounce of energy to study.

The only thing left was this bizarre ever-burning black flames and he knew that copying its effects would help him in the long run.

So, he spent months and months studying the black flames until he could reproduce a decent copy...Alas, he wasn't too satisfied with the results.

"Is my lack of understanding of the celestial energy the reason?" He thought out loud as he stared at the burning Lucifer whose screams engulfed the entire consciousness space.

"If you had brought back some of that celestial energy, I could have run some experiments on it and figured it out." Lady Sphinx shared.

She was quite fascinated by the celestial black flames after hearing that they could burn forever without needing any connection with the owner.

"I don't know what you guys are on about, isn't it working just fine?" Thor asked with a confused tone as he listened to Lucifer's cries keep intensifying.

Felix shook his head and anwsered, "The effect is quite similar, but I don't feel any sort of celestialness from it. It feels like a man-made product and I know that the illusion domain can copy anything in reality to perfection. So, if I truly managed to copy the real celestial black flames, I would know it straight away."

"Well, you can figure it out later on. I think the demon is ready to cooperate." Jörmungandr said while pointing his finger at Lucifer.

He had screamed so loud and hard before, his voice was barely audible now...Still, Felix and the others managed to read what he was mouthing in silence.

"I...Will...Do...It."

"That's the spirit."

Felix released Lucifer from the torture with a snap of a finger, causing him to drop into the ocean and remain lying on its peaceful surface without a single twitch.

His face was absolutely drained out of color like he had just survived a trip to the ninth level of hell.

"Now, let's start all over." Felix crouched next to him and asked. "Shall we begin the ascension process?"

Lucifer nodded his head a little, having no energy to speak or fight back.

The black flames had burned his soul to an absolute crisp and he could not muster an ounce of energy to even stand up, don't even mention fighting against Felix in the merge.

'Is this really my destiny, Mother?' Lucifer murmured with hazy eyes, 'Answer me...How was I ever supposed to win against him and ascend? You always knew everything, was this in your vision as well?'

Doubts began to appear in Lucifer's mind about his mother's true motives...Ever since she created him, she always told him that he was destined to be the demon god and rule over the universe and its realms.

All he had to do was possess his twin soulmate's body and the universe would be his own.

But, in both battles against Felix, he recognized that he wasn't even close to his strength...There was such a clear disparity between them, that he doubted if he ever had a chance at all.

Even the illusion resistance was deemed futile against the celestial black flames due to the pain of being in a different realm.

So, how could this be his true destiny?

'Is this how my life was always supposed to end?' Lucifer glanced at Felix from the side and thought to himself. 'Was my destiny to merge with him and get erased, allowing him to ascend? Mother, answer me!'

As much as Lucifer was somewhat of a lunatic, he wasn't an idiot in the slightest. He realized that his mother was never on his side and everything she spewed at him was pure utter bullsh*t.

In his mind, if she was on his side, she could have done much more to prepare him against Felix.

After all, she was the paragon of sins and there was no way she would send him to his damnation unprepared unless she wanted it to happen!

'If this is how death shall come, then I will gladly make sure none of us win anything from this.'

In a last-ditch effort to thwart Felix's plan of ascension and to spite his mother's, Lucifer summoned all the dark, malevolent power he could muster.

His eyes burned with an unholy fire as he channeled his spiritual prowess into one final move, one final action...<nullb>Soul Implosion!

A surge of chaotic energy emanated from Lucifer's form, and his very essence seemed to tremble with the malefic force he was about to unleash.

<nulli>Whoosh! Whoosh!

The peaceful consciousness ocean was no more as waves raged back and forth in response to this insane gathering of spiritual energy.

"No!" Felix yelled with a livid expression as he tried his absolute best to void Lucifer's attempt at self-imploding his soul.

Alas, it was too late.

The moment someone made a decision to implode his soul, it was close to impossible to stop them since they were the sole owners of their souls.

This was the reason Felix managed to pull off soul implosion against Asna before she could completely merge with his soul.

Lord Hades might be able to stop it, but he had no powers to take actions outside of the spirit realm with his current weakened state.

"Ignore him and reinforce your soul!"

Thor yelled at Felix in anger, understanding that Felix was merely wasting his energy on the inevitable when his own soul was in danger.

"NO!"

Felix ignored him and kept channeling everything he had to keep Lucifer's soul intact against his own will.

How could he watch his only method to rescue Asna evaporate right in front of him? In his eyes, what's the point of living if the one he loved the most wasn't by his side?

"Hahaha, it's hopeless...Just give it up..." Lucifer chuckled with great difficulty as he enjoyed Felix's utter despair.

He had no idea why Felix was this desperate for the ascension, but he was more than happy to make this decision and watch him squirm hopelessly just like he did to him.

Crack!! Crack!! Crack!!...

Meanwhile, inside Lucifer's consciousness space, the soul barrier kept shattering rapidly even when Felix's spiritual pressure was trying its best to maintain its form.

While this was happening, at the depth of the void realm on the other side, a pair of pink eyes snapped open and glanced in the direction of Lucifer and Felix.

'How troublesome, he can neither win nor lose properly.' The Paragon of Sins' uttered with an irked tone.

'Fortunately, I had counter-measures for this scenario.' She soon closed her eyes again, making it impossible to know if she was slumbering or simply lying low.

Meanwhile, Felix could be seen teetering on theprecipice of annihilation, his once-unwavering resolve faltering.

His plan of ascension hung in the balance, and the consequences of Lucifer's desperate act threatened to unravel everything he had worked toward.

It wasn't like he forgot about soul implosion, but even if he considered it as an option, there was really nothing much he could do to prepare against it.

Crack!! Crackk!!...

"Haha, your expression made everything worth it." Lucifer mocked while staring coldly at Felix's twisted expression.

Felix also knew deep down that the situation was doomed and that only a second was left or even less before the soul barrier shattered completely.

"FELIX! REINFORCE!"

Lady Sphinx yelled at the last second, forcing Felix at last to switch his focus back on his own soul barrier reflexively.

It was like he could not go against her voice, like a mother scolding her child and all they could was listen.

When the primogenitors saw this, only then did they sigh in relief and anticipated for the explosion.

It wasn't like they weren't using their own spiritual prowess to defend Felix's soul barrier, it was just too weak compared to Felix.

After all, they were mere wisps of consciousness and had a fraction of their main consciousness' spiritual prowess.

However, they anticipated and waited, yet, nothing happened...

"Haha...ha...ha?"

Even Lucifer's dying laughter became softer and softer until he departed completely silent with a stunned expression.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

He gazed at Felix and he looked at him back, both sharing the same dumbfounded look, seemingly asking each other, if this was their doing.

When Lucifer and Felix glanced inside his consciousness space, wanting to check on the source of such abnormality, they were left utterly astounded by the sight before them.