Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1532 Mother...

﻿1532 Mother...

There, above the pacified consciousness ocean's surface, the Paragon of Sins materialized before Felix and Lucifer in a breathtaking and alluring form.

She appeared as a mature woman of mesmerizing beauty, an embodiment of temptation and power.

Her skin, a shade of delicate violet, exuded an otherworldly allure. Her figure was nothing short of perfect, with supple curves and an air of seduction that seemed to radiate from her every move. Her dark red hair cascaded down to dark purple, flowing like a waterfall of shadows.

If she was put next to a lineup of gorgeous succubi, they would all seem like a cheap failed product before the real thing.

Two elegant horns protruded gracefully from her forehead, curving upward with an alluring mystique.

Above her ample chest, a strange tattoo adorned her skin, dark and intricate, displaying seven animalistic logos etched with enigmatic ink.

Yet, her eyes were the most captivating feature, utterly pupilless and as black as the void itself.

They held a profound and ancient wisdom, yet concealed depths of secrets and desires.

When Lucifer and Felix made eye contact with them, they seemed to have lost their way in a labyrinth of illusions even when Felix was immune to them.

She was the true embodiment of desire and her entire presence would make anyone fold into the ground akin to a piece of cloth.

Her lips, plump and pink, suddenly parted open slightly, showing a set of perfect crystal white teeth, before she uttered, "Boys, why can't you play nice and follow the script?"

Her voice was like a magical melody even Asna's angelic voice couldn't match up to it.

Only when Lucifer heard this voice did he break out of his daze and yell out loud, "Mother!"

'Mother? Mother...'

It took Felix less than a millisecond to have his heart turn into a piece of ice after realizing the woman's identity.

'...'

'...'

'...'

Even the primogenitors were left stunned...Especially, Lord Khoas, who couldn't take his eyes off her the moment he saw her.

"My child, were you doubting me? I have created you with a small part of my soul and this is my reward? Self-Implosion?" The Paragon questioned with a soft confused tone as she floated slowly in the direction of Lucifer.

'Created him with a part of her soul? No wonder he possessed a soul barrier now compared to his earlier birth and how it was possible for the paragon to stop the implosion.' Felix's gaze seemed to have some clarity in them.

During his first fight with Lucifer, he merely had to kill his consciousness since he didn't possess a soul.

But ever since he met him again, he showed signs of possessing a spirit barrier, and Felix didn't think much of it at the time, thinking that it was a condition to revive him or something.

"No...No...I wouldn't dare!...I...I" Lucifer knelt down immediately, fright and dread were covering his face.

He couldn't believe that he had badmouthed his mother in her presence and actually wanted to blow his spirit and go against her plans.

Everything he thought before about her was erased from his memory.

In his eyes, the fact she showed herself implied that she always had his back and if he went ahead with the merge and failed, she would have assisted him.

"Is that so?" The Paragon smiled softly. "I guess the ascension process is in order?"

"Yes! Yes!" Lucifer nodded his head rapidly in agitation and a bit of excitement, wanting to move out of the soul-implosion subject as fast as possible.

"Good, you may begin."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Lucifer turned to face Felix with a cold look and then launched himself while his form was writhing and contorting until it became a cloud of pure evil energy!

With the presence of the Paragon of Sins, Felix didn't dare let Lucifer get the best out of him, understanding that the scales of power weren't in his favor any longer!

As he expected, the moment he utilized his overpowered spiritual pressure to block Lucifer, The Paragon shook her head in a gentle manner while clicking her tongue in disapproval.

"Ts, ts, ts, I want a fair spiritual battle between you children."

When she was done speaking, Felix felt like his spiritual pressure was weakened somehow until it was perfectly matched with Lucifer!

'How...'

Felix watched with a stunned expression as Lucifer charged through his spiritual pressure while laughing out loud.

"Not so tough now, huh?"

Boom!!

Lucifer crashed into Felix and covered him from head to toe with crimson evil energy until he started to resemble a walking devil!

Then, he bellowed, "Merge!"

Felix attempted to escape from Lucifer's clutches, but alas, no matter what he used, he seemed like he had glued himself to his skin!

In the meantime, Lucifer was attacking Felix's consciousness with evil thoughts, wanting to mess with his mental strength and weaken it!

It seemed like it was working just fine as Felix's mind was consumed with the worst possible thoughts, filled with self-hatred frustration, and just pure anger at everyone who wronged him.

"That's it! Falter to those thoughts!"

Lucifer kept whispering in his ears with a devilish grin while he was devouring his consciousness!

With his evil energy in power and spiritual pressure equal to Felix, it seemed like the ascension was in his pocket.

This was what he thought...But alas, Felix was much sneakier to fall like this.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"So, that's how it works? I just need to devour your consciousness."

Felix's entire restless and worried demeanor was gone, replaced by a cold sinister smile etched across his face.

Before Lucifer could react, Felix muttered. "Celestial Black flames."

Whoosh!!!

Just like a match thrown into a fireplace filled with gasoline, Felix and Lucifer were both lit in raging black flames!

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!

Immediately, Lucifer let out a heart-wrenching scream after he was hit with the same dreadful pain as before.

Meanwhile, Felix was barely affected since the flames were created out of illusion and he was immune to them.

While Lucifer was growing weaker and weaker, Felix took advantage of the situation to start devouring his consciousness in a similar manner!

Felix had to act like he was on the weaker side to make sure that Lucifer truly kicked off the ascension process for real. Otherwise, he had no clue if he would ask for more help from the paragon and Felix couldn't afford it.

As for the evil thoughts? Felix was already living with them constantly in his mind the moment Asna was taken off him, and no matter what Lucifer did, they wouldn't affect his sole chance to ascend and save his woman.

"Mother! Help me!!"

As expected, the moment Lucifer began feeling like he was on the losing side, he threw a rope at the paragon and hoped that she would pull him to safety.

Alas, the Paragon of Sins didn't pay heads to the rope, staring at him with the same gentle look.

"I believe in you." She said.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!

Her encouraging words did absolutely nothing but make Lucifer feel even sh*tter...He was in constant agony and his consciousness was slowly but surely getting consumed in the exact way he showed Felix.

"MOTHER!!! I CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER!! ARGHH!!"

Lucifer kept screaming while his blurred eyes focused on his mother.

She seemed gentle and gentle like a spring breeze, but her smile, her smile was absolutely devoided of any emotions.

"Fighting." She cheered like a teenage girl with her fists in the air, seemingly taking this entire life-and-death situation as a joke.

"Mother..."

This image shattered Lucifer's heart into pieces yet again.

He believed before that his mother had betrayed him and even wanted to off himself, but when she showed up, his belief in her was restored, especially when she helped him deal with Felix's spiritual pressure.

Now, now, he knew, no, he was certain, that he was nothing but a toy in his mother's eyes, a instrument to attain her goal.

Whether he succeeded or failed the ascension, her goal would be achieved regardless...