Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1533 ACCEPT ME AS ME!

﻿1533 ACCEPT ME AS ME!

Felix and the tenants were also left taken back by the Paragon's nonchalant attitude, thinking before that she would have supported Lucifer in his ascension.

"Why is she watching? Isn't Lucifer's ascension her goal?" Thor frowned at the sight of the paragon cheering at the sidelines while her 'son' was getting absolutely obliterated.

"Who knows what runs in her head?" Lady Sphinx replied with a solemn tone, "I am starting to think that she has a different agenda than we theorized."

She didn't know what it was, but she was certain that Felix's or Lucfier's rise was the key and she didn't care which one succeded.

Meanwhile, Felix dropped those useless thoughts and focused purely on devouring Lucifer, pushing relentlessly, and steadily overpowering his resistance.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaa....

Lucifer's agonized voice was growing softer and softer while his eyes seemed to turn unfocused.

His consciousness was on its last leg, and Felix didn't show an ounce of mercy as he unleashed the full force of his celestial flames, causing his resistance to drop even further.

In the end, Lucifer's cloudy and somewhat teary eyes reflected the Paragon's emotionless enchanting smile.

He wanted to see if she would show at least a bit of emotion for his departure, but alas...She was looking at him the same as someone staring at a white wall.

'Manipulative b*...tch.'

With his last ounce of consciousness and energy, he cursed her in his mind and then closed his eyes forever...

Whoosh!

His once formidable consciousness withered away until there was nothing left but a faint whisper.

The moment he was gone, neither the evil energy surrounding Felix disappeared nor his soul barrier collapsed.

Instead, the evil energy mist seemed to consider Felix as its new host and started to penetrate his pores, merging with his essence.

The same transformation was happening on his body outside of the consciousness space as he was surrounded by a vortex of crimson mist!

'They thought they could take my woman without consequences?! Now I have the power to make them pay for every wrong they've done! I would burn the entire kingdom to the ground if had to!'

'I could erase everyone with a thought, wipe them from existence, and reshape reality according to my whims!'

'Why waste time on caring about the alliance and its citizens?! What have they ever done for me? Just rule them like slaves befitting of their status.'

Many evil thoughts of different properties invaded Felix's mind akin to a plague, making it impossible for him to think of anything positive.

Even his emotions and body were reacting to those evil thoughts, seemingly trying to reset his entire personality to fit the true nature of evil energy!

This was The Corruption Process all demons had gone through!

'No! That's not me! I won't allow it!'

Felix understood what was happening and went against the stream, not allowing the evil energy to corrupt his mind and body.

How could he allow it when he knew that he would turn into the biggest villain the universe had ever known with a strength capable of putting even primogenitors in their place?!

Felix refused to let his autonomy get affected by anything ever again after what happened to him in the spirit realm!

Who could blame him? How could a corrupted demon understand love and anything related to such emotions? He had seen how demons behaved and how their emotions weren't in their control at all.

Felix would rather not accept the evil energy and seek a different method of rise than become a slave of his own desires and evil thoughts!

'I AM ME! ACCEPT IT AS IT IS OR F*CK OFF!'

He bellowed furiously while trying his best to stop the transformation from happening, making it harder and harder for the evil energy to merge with him.

"Ohoho, you want the powers of evil energy but not its side effects?" The Paragon chuckled. "It won't be an easy fight."

As she mentioned, the evil energy refused to bow down to Felix's wishes and kept trying to force both the transformation and the mind change.

"Aghhhhh!!!"

With Felix going against the stream, the peaceful transformation was no more as he felt like his mind was on brick of collapsing on itself!

It was like two personalities were attempting to gain control over it and both were using whatever it took to win it over!

Since Felix was the only one feeling the brunt of this confrontation, the evil energy seemed to gain the upper hand.

'Just give in...You will be more strong than ever...You will be able to dominate the entire universe without such pathetic emotions holding you back...Just give in.'

'I SAID F*CK OFF!! AHHHHHHHHHHH!!'

To cancel off some of the loudest evil thoughts, Felix kept roaring at the top of his lungs as he used whatever willpower, determination, and resolve he had built over his entire rough journey, to keep nullifying the transformation!

Pain? He was used to it!

Will? He was doing all of this to save Asna and it wouldn't matter anymore if he appeared before her as a corrupted demon without an ounce of love and attachment in his black heart.

So, no! Felix wasn't going to let this transformation go through no matter what unless the evil energy decided to bow its head to his wishes!

"It's working! The evil energy is being pushed out of his body!"

Thor exclaimed with a delighted tone at the sight of Felix's pores sweating the crimson mist back out!

"You can do it, kid..."

"Fight it off..."

"You have reached this far, don't let anything steal your glory from you."

The rest of the tenants were all on Felix's side in this battle. They understood full well that Felix's future would end the moment he gave in to the evil energy's control!

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"

Eyes, were bloodshot, mouth wide open, releasing the loudest roars Felix had ever produced, and a twisted ugly expression that screamed of utter defiance!

Felix resisted the evil thoughts, the pain, the suffering, everything, and the evil energy seemed like it was fearing at his madness.

No one had ever resisted its pollution like this. It seemed like its final instincts were kicking off, that if it didn't abide by Felix's wishes, the transformation wouldn't go through and it would be erased from existence!

After all, it wouldn't have any owner anymore.

The evil energy was like a bloodline at this moment, it was operating only on its survival instincts even though it possessed no longer an active consciousness.

When someone or something operating on instinct has either the choice of death or getting his way, they always choose survival!

And so!

The rampaging evil thoughts began to diminish slowly but surely until Felix's mind was completely free of them.

"That's what I thought," Felix remarked coldly and stopped resisting the transformation, allowing the merge to continue.

This time, the evil energy was well-behaved.

"Not bad, not bad at all."

The Paragon showed a faint pleased smile, which was divine enough to cause empires to fall under her grace.

Felix didn't even hear her as his body was undergoing a true transformation resembling that of replacing a bloodline.

In less than a couple of minutes, the crimson vortex seemed to die down, leaving behind a scattering cloud around Felix, showing only his silhouette.

Felix neither passed out nor felt any type of weakness after the transformation was completed.

Instead, he felt more alive than ever.

With a single step forward, Felix emerged from the crimson mist with a completely different appearance, indicating the momentous changes within him!

His once colorful hair had regained its deep crimson hue, cascading down his back in long, flowing waves.

Crimson mist seemed to be released at the edges, making it seem like his hair was made out of red clouds.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

His eyes, once pale and blue, had turned a brilliant shade of golden, gleaming with celestial intensity.

Yet,perhaps the most striking transformation was the return of his demonic horns and skin color.

His horns jutted proudly from his forehead, appearing more demonic and frightening than Lord Shiva's horns...While his skin took a slightly darker, more vibrant tone.

With every step he took, the green ground beneath him seemed to get sapped out of its life like he was the grim reaper walking in his flesh.

"So, this is the rise he always blabbered about? I barely feel a difference in my physical strength." Felix sneered coldly while eying his dark pointy demonic nails. "As expected, this is merely the first ingredient and the true ascension is far, far off."