Chapter 1534 Manipulative Vixen.

﻿1534 Manipulative Vixen.

Felix expected that he would get at least some enhancement to his strength, but he ended up disappointed.

"If you want to get your strength improved, you only need to devour purities from powerful beings..." Suddenly, the paragon of sins appeared in front of Felix and whispered in his ears as she leaned forward. "Like Yggdrasil and Quetzalcoatl."

Her voice and smell were so alluring, that even Felix with his mastery over his desires couldn't help but feel his lust awakening like nothing before!

Whoosh!!

He swiftly jumped back, putting some distance between them, not liking the feeling one bit.

"What's your deal?"

He asked a question that summed up his entire relationship with the paragon of sins.

It was clear to him that his story had begun with the paragon of sins long before he was even born since the demons' existence was traced back more than ten million years!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

His entire race wasn't even born yet, don't even mention him.

With a single step forward in the air, the paragon appeared in front of Felix again. But this time, he was unable to get away from her.

Crack...Crack...

"I don't have much time, so how about we have some fun instead?" The Paragon smiled charmingly as she glanced at the soul barrier starting to crack again.

Since Lucifer's consciousness was gone, the soul was more or less inhabitable, and if she wanted to keep it together, she had to leave her wisp in it. Clearly, she wasn't too interested in doing that.

"What are you trying to do?" Felix uttered coldly, but a hint of nervousness was seen in his eyes as he was truly trying his best to free himself but to no avail.

She was using merely her spiritual pressure, which was still many levels higher than Felix's even after his latest upgrade.

After all, he was before a real unigin and his spiritual pressure had yet to reach that level.

Being able to dominate primogenitors was totally different than matching a unigin's spiritual pressure.

"As I said, fun." The Paragon's eyes suddenly gleamed with pink color, matching with the symbol of a goat inked on her chest.

"Don't look into her eyes!" Lord Khaos shouted, showing a rare emotional outbreak.

When even Lord Khaos, the stern and expressionless reacted like this, the tenants couldn't help but feel tense.

Alas, it was already too late and Felix's golden eyes were left affixed on The Paragon's, appearing like he was enchanted by a love potion.

"Give me a kiss." The Paragon requested while putting her right cheek next to Felix's lips.

"No..." Felix uttered, but his lips were already touching her cheek, making her chuckle in amusement.

As for Felix? The moment he kissed her, his body got insanely hot and the blood rushed to his little general!

It was like his lust had imploded and his mind wouldn't be settled unless he eased his desire!

"Looks like your love for the Misses isn't that deep." The Paragon clicked her tongue in criticism, yet she still sounded more seductive than all succubi combined. "A mere kiss made you like this, I wonder if you would turn into a slave if we had some fun together under the sheets."

Immediately after this thought was installed in his mind, Felix felt two emotions arising with him...Anticipation like his body wanted it to happen more than anything, and anger.

He was furious at no one but himself, feeling like he was letting Asna's trust down by allowing his sexual desires to control him like this.

Although he was before the paragon of sins herself, Felix didn't make any excuses.

"I don't know what's your deal with me, but I am not playing your game," Felix said with a frigid tone, "So, just do what you want or f*ck off."

There wasn't much for Felix or his tenants to do against the paragon of sins. All of them understood that they were under her mercy and if she wanted, most of them wouldn't make it to see the next day.

If it was like this, Felix would rather maintain his dignity instead of falling into her games.

"Ayy, you have always been a hottie easily triggered." The Paragon chuckled while poking Felix in the nose, not taking his insult to heart.

"What are you on about?"

Felix frowned, having no clue what she was talking about. He had a feeling that she was talking with an old friend, which was ludicrous in his eyes, considering that he had never met her once in both of his lives.

CRACK!! CRACK!!!...

Unfortunately, time seemed to have run out between them as the soul barrier was on the brink of collapsing on them.

Before Felix could react, The Paragon leaned in closer to Felix's face and gave him a soft peck on the lips.

Then, she whispered in his ears while her eyes were looking into the sky, "I will be awaiting you, don't take forever. But also, don't come unprepared, I won't show mercy."

<nulli>Shatter!!!!

The soul barrier came falling down the instant she finished her sentence, forcing Felix to glance upward reflexively.

When he looked back down, The Paragon was already gone and he had returned to his consciousness space in a seamless manner like he was never inside Lucifer's soul.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Silence.

The consciousness space was never so silent before as everyone was staring at Felix with all kinds of mixed emotions.

They could see that he was flustered and flabbergasted like he had no clue if he should react to the kiss or what she said during it.

"Felix, are you okay?"

Lady Sphinx was the first to make a move, appearing next to him and asking for his wellbeing.

"I feel like I got abused..." Felix muttered while wiping the Paragon's bits of juices out of his lips.

"You should feel glad you came out of this with an unwanted kiss." Lord Khoas interjected coldly, "That calculating vixen could have ruined you if she wanted."

Felix knew that he was right. The Paragon had kissed him after removing her lust laws on him, which made him feel like he had been kissed by a goddess.

While anyone would kill to be in his spot, he didn't feel an ounce of joy or excitement from the kiss.

The same couldn't be said if she still had her law activated and Felix dreaded the thought of what would have happened.

"Sounds like your history with her is quite deep." Thor tried to take advantage of the situation to get some answers from him. "Is it possible to know about it? It might help us in the future."

Everyone's ears perked up in intrigue, even the other lords...Alas, Lord Khoas gave them the same emotionless look and broke into a misty fog, leaving them hanging.

"Tsk, she must have broken his feelings or something." Thor clicked his tongue.

After everyone witnessed the paragon's playful and nonchalant charming behavior, they firmly believed that Lord Khoas and her shared a romantic history between them, which ended badly for his side.

"She is way too dangerous and unpredictable." Jörmungandr knitted his eyebrows. "He is right, Felix had gotten lucky with just a kiss."

"I doubt she would have killed me." Felix replied with an annoyed tone. "She just wanted to mess with me before she left."

"True, we should also take anything she uttered with a grain of salt." Lady Sphinx advised, "We don't know if she was trying to bewilder you or she really meant everything she said."

Lady Sphinx was speaking about the Paragon's statements, where she made it sound like she shared a relationship with Felix in the past...In reality, she could have uttered it to play with Felix's mind.

"There is only one person who can help us find the truth." Felix looked into the sky and called out loud, "Lord Hades! I know you have seen everything! I think it's time to let us on the specifics of the next part of the elevation plan."