Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1536 To Save or Not to Save.

﻿1536 To Save or Not to Save.

"Let's see what Nimo is up to."

Not planning to wait until the djin packed up and left, Felix requested Lord Khaos to help him reach there.

He believed with his assistance, he could be there in less than a second.

Lord Khoas didn't reject his request...When it came to matters related to the paragon of sins, he would always give a hand.

So, he manifested a void rift before Felix and another one on the other side near the invaded planet, using an advanced ability called Void Tunneling.

The moment Felix stepped inside the void rift, he found himself in front of the exit of the other one like he had teleported through the entire distance!

It was no small distance as he was in a different galaxy!

'This is more or less similar to a wormhole.' Felix admired, 'No wonder nothing escapes Lord Khaos' eyes and grasp.'

Felix knew that this ability must be on a different level in terms of difficulty as he had never seen a void citizen use one before...Even Nimo hadn't unlocked it before.

...

Meanwhile, high above a ruined city, a lone void citizen floated in the air, his dark, featureless silhouette a stark contrast to the starry void that surrounded him.

He wore a sleek, black suit that seemed to absorb the very essence of light, and his eyes shone with an eerie, otherworldly glow.

Beneath him, the planet's surface was in turmoil.

Void creatures, grotesque and nightmarish in appearance, swarmed across the land, their malevolent intent clear. They left destruction in their wake, and the planet's inhabitants were in dire peril.

'When will this endless labor finish?' He sighed with a look of exhaustion as he opened a void rift behind him.

Then, he went down to pick up some of the terrorized citizens, unbothered by their cries and screams.

Just as he was about to hurl them inside the void rift after noticing that many void creatures were chasing them, a sudden authoritative pressure befell him.

'Huh?'VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

He was frozen instantly in place and the citizens under his control fell towards the wide open jaw of the void creatures while screaming in despair.

Whoosh! Whoosh!...

Before they could get devoured, time seemed to have come to a halt in the entire city, causing the entire world to turn as quiet as a forest at midnight.

This entire sight freaked the sh*t out of the void citizen, but he couldn't even move an inch to react.

"I think I remember you...Ethan?" Suddenly, a very familiar powerful voice came from behind the void citizen.

A voice that the entire universe would recognize in a heartbeat.

A voice that had once ruled the void nation and the entire alliance with his strength alone.

'Impossible...'

Stupified, Ethan wanted to turn badly and check with his own eyes, but he couldn't move an inch.

"Mind coming for a walk with me?" Felix asked as he placed his hand on top of Ethan's shoulder.

Without needing his response, he teleported both of them outside of the planet. Just as Felix planned on leaving with him, he suddenly came to a halt and looked back at the invaded planet.

'I might not feel like it, I might not feel fulfilled at helping, but I must still choose to help whenever I have the choice. If can't even do that, am I still a human?'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix turned around and faced the planet...Then, he started increasing his size at a rapid pace.

'What the f*ck...'

In less than a few seconds, Ethan's eyes almost popped out of their sockets in shock at the sight of Felix reaching half the size of the planet!!

Although the planet was even smaller than Earth, he was still at a colossal size that made him seem godly!

Felix was nowhere done...He extended both of his arms at the sides of the planet and began releasing crimson mist from his massive pores.

The mist coalesced into a swirling, ethereal cloud that rapidly expanded, covering the entire planet's surface like a shroud!

It was a breathtaking and terrifying sight like the apocalypse had arrived.

The citizens tried to escape from the raging crimson mist, feeling utter despair and terror at this new threat.

But soon enough, all of them stopped running and watched with widened shocked eyes as the crimson mistenveloped the marked void creatures in its luminous embrace.

The creatures writhed and struggled for less than a moment before they got erased from existence, leaving no trace behind...

Millions of void creatures were gone just like that.

'It's really him...My king.'

Ethan muttered with an awed look as he stared at the godly Felix, more certain than ever that the man before him was their late Void King!

Felix lowered his arms and canceled his destruction mist...Then, he reduced his size back to normal and turned his back on the planet, not feeling an ounce of joy or emotion from saving an entire civilization.

'This is how primogenitors feel on a daily basis.' Thor said calmly, 'You will get used to it.'

Primogenitors had lived for so long that the life or death of mortals wouldn't move a string in their hearts unless the mortal mattered to them.

So, when they were roaming the universe and devouring planets for energy to sustain their massive sizes, they couldn't care less if those planets were populated or not.

With time, life loses its value and Felix was slowly treading on this path whether he liked it or not...

"Let's go."

Felix lifted Ethan by his collar and disappeared through the cosmos, having no idea that the citizens on the world were kowtowing for their savior, whoever it was.

...

Inside Felix's Eternal Nautilus Spaceship...Ethan could be seen kneeling before Felix with an excited expression inside the cockpit.

"My King!! I can't believe you are back! This is the greatest..."

"Enough." Felix interrupted and said, "I want to know what's Nimo doing and why has my country disappeared from the face of the universe?"

"Of course, of course." Ethan lifted his head and began narrating with a bothered voice. "Ever since your death was announced, the void nation has been on a steady decline. However, we were all fine with it, knowing that we can always rise back up after things steadied."

"But then, something seemed to have snapped inside our god's head." Ethan reported with a worried tone, "We have no hint what happened to him, but he has ordered everyone to start bringing empty creatures to him."

"Since we can't reject his orders, we have been working tirelessly by either creating empty creatures through the wrath creators or collecting them like I was doing."

"This has been going on for decades now."

"How many void creatures are in his ownership now?" Felix asked with a deep frown.

"Candace and the councilmen know the exact number. All I know is an estimated number."

"What's that?"

Ethan thought about it for a moment before reporting, "I believe we are close to reaching fifty billion empty creatures."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Forget Felix, even the tenants were left in utter disbelief at such a staggering cataclysmic number!