Chapter 1537 The Statue!

﻿1537 The Statue!

"What is he planning to do with such a massive army? Raid the universe?" Felix didn't know what to think.

Just a couple million void creatures were enough to devour a planet. A hundred million could literally own one of the top thirty races in the alliance.

Fifty billion? Felix doubted the alliance could handle such an army if it was released at once across the entire universe!

"No one really knows our god's thoughts besides Candace," Ethan soon added, "Though, I have witnessed the gathering of those void creatures and it didn't seem like they were prepared for a war."

"What do you mean?" Felix asked.

"This might be weird to say, but our god has created a massive statue of you from them."

"A statue?"

"Everyone believes that this is his way of honoring your death after finally accepting it," Ethan said with a wry smile.

"I see." Felix remained silent, deep in his thoughts about this peculiar situation.

He didn't think that Nimo would go as far as to create an honorary statue for him...It didn't sound like him at all.

'Do you think?' Lady Sphinx suddenly interjected.

'Knowing him, it's more plausible than this,' Felix replied, knowing that they reached the same theory.

'There is only one way to find out.' Felix looked at Ethan and ordered him. "Lead the way to the dimensional portal, I will take it from there."

"Right away!" Ethan didn't dare disobey.

...

Sometime later...

Felix and Ethan went through a hidden dimensional rift. The moment Felix reopened his eyes, he was surprised to see a supermassive dimensional pocket with a surface area covering more than his eyes could see.

The landscape stretched endlessly while a red sky cast an eerie glow over the surroundings.

Void creatures of various shapes and sizes drifted through the crimson heavens, their forms twisting and undulating in bizarre patterns.

But what truly caught his attention was a colossal statue looming in the distance.

'It's really a statue of me.'

Seeing with his own eyes was vastly different than hearing about it. He didn't know how to react to this living statue, which resembled him in every detail.

The void statue emanated an imposing presence, capturing his essence as if he were a deity among the void citizens.

"Lead the way," Felix ordered.

Understanding that he wanted to meet the councilmen and Nimo, Ethan took Felix to the void palace, which was situated near the statue.

"Who's that with Ethan? His aura is too overwhelming."

"Doesn't he resemble our previous void king a bit?"

"I do see the resemblance, but it can't be."

The void citizens muttered among each other as they stared at Ethan and Felix's silhouette. Still, just from the silhouette alone, they were able to spot the resemblance.

When they noticed that their destination was the palace, they looked at each other for a couple of moments before racing behind them.

They knew that Ethan's citizen rank was far from directly speaking with the councilmen. For him to ignore their strict rules and head toward the palace, only meant that it wasn't up to him!

Ignoring the crowd of void citizens behind them, Ethan and Felix landed in front of the palace's door.

The palace stood as a dark and imposing structure with an architecture that was both grand and mysterious.

It had obsidian walls that seemed to absorb the crimson light of the void sky. Towers and spires jutted into the red heavens, their forms twisted and jagged, giving the palace a fascinating appearance.

Booom!!...Eeee! Eeee!!!

Before Ethan could announce his reason for entry, the palace's gate was blown wide open, and a massive pitch-black raccoon with red eyes lunged at them!

Thud! Thud!!

Ethan was thrown to the side akin to a ragdoll while Felix received the full brunt of the raccoon, allowing him to tackle him on the ground!

Eee!! Eeee!!

"I missed you too, buddy."

Felix chuckled while letting Nimo rub his massive head on his chest in pure euphoric excitement.

He wasn't startled in the slightest by Nimo's tackle as he had already sensed him before he got close to the door...The same with Nimo as he felt Felix's existence the instant he entered his dimensional pocket.

"Felix?!"

High above, near one of the many windows, Candace could be seen staring at this scene with a shocked look.

She was just handling some matters related to the creation of new wrath creators with Nimo before he suddenly rushed away with a thrilled look.

"I can't believe this...Did he get revived or he was never dead in the first place?"

King Arthur remarked, his voice quite shaken as he watched from another window with many other councilmen.

"HAHAHAHA!! As expected of our Void King. Not even death can keep him down!" The Ruiner roared in laughter as he jumped from the window, breaking it into pieces and landing right next to Felix and Nimo.

Aeron, Meriam, Mammon, Candace, and even Arthur swiftly followed after him, ending up surrounding Felix from all sides.

When the void citizens saw this, they went instantly abuzz with excitement and glee, knowing that no one could erect such a reaction from their god besides their king!

"It's really him...Our King."

"The king is alive...The KING IS BACK!!"

"THE KING HAS RETURNED!!"

Felix rarely felt overwhelmed, but at this moment, he didn't know what to do next. Nimo was rubbing against him, seemingly trying to hug him while Candace and his subordinates were watching him with all sorts of emotions.

"My apologies for taking a while to return." In the end, he chuckled jokingly while pushing the fatass Nimo away.

Eee! Eee!

Nimo instantly transformed into his minimized raccoon version and landed on Felix's shoulder, covering his neck with his tail and continuing to rub his face against Felix.

"I know, I know, I missed you too, and a lot." Felix patted him on the head with a faint smile., feeling somewhat blessed that Nimo hadn't changed at all.

After hearing about the weird things he was up to, he was really freaking out that Nimo had lost it and turned into a similar version of his alter ego.

It turned out, he was worried over nothing.

"My King, we are the ones who should apologize for failing you. We weren't there to defend you and we deserve punishment for it." Arthur bowed his head deeply.

Although Felix's apology was a joke, Arthur and the rest of the councilmen didn't take it as such.

"I might have failed to protect you, but just tell me the name of who did it." The Ruiner uttered coldly while cracking his knuckles. "I will make sure he will never see the light of the day again."

"Relax guys, it's not that deep. Plus..." Felix smiled, "The one who did it isn't in your league."

If it was someone else who uttered it, The Ruiner would have lost his sh*t as his pride could never accept such an insult.

However, when it came directly from Felix whom he knew was much more powerful than him, he understood that their enemy wasn't a nobody.

Meanwhile, Candace remained quiet throughout the conversation.

She already knew about the eternal kingdom and Felix's revival plan since she was part of Lady Sphinx's consciousness before.

But, she kept everything to herself, knowing that it would do more harm than good to give Nimo and the others a false hope of Felix's return.

"Before we continue with anything, can someone tell me what's the purpose of that?" Felix inquired with a serious tone as he pointed his finger above him at the statue.

Nimo instantly flinched and remained silent, staring at the other side like he had nothing to do with this.

"That, well, I guess it's quite useless now?" Candace smiled wryly.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"What do you mean?" Felix narrowed his eyes, his previous theory sounding more and more plausible.

In the end, Arthur was the one who verified it.

"Little God has decided to take it upon himself and resurrect you through a wish." He revealed with a deep sigh of relief, "We were preparing a offering cost for it. We have attained sixty-five billion void creatures now and I doubt we are even 20% near to fulfilling the payment."