Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1538 Earning Belly Rubs!

﻿1538 Earning Belly Rubs!

"As I expected." Felix smiled softly while rubbing Nimo's head, letting him understand that he was appreciating the thought instead of getting mad.

Eee! Eeee...

Nimo happily accepted his appreciative rubs.

"You knew about it?" Candace inquired.

"I guessed after hearing about the statue from Ethan." Felix replied and then added a question, "Though, how do you know exactly how much you need for the sacrificial price? How can this many void creatures not be enough to cover 20%?"

"I think it's best we take this inside the palace." Arthur said as he eyed the noisy crowd in front of them.

"Sure, Aeron, tell them that I will be making an announcement later at night and they should keep the news of my return a secret," Felix ordered.

Felix didn't need to use Nimo to make sure everyone obeyed his orders, knowing that if someone dared blow the lid off his secret, he would easily get caught.

After all, their consciousness wisps were inside Nimo's mind, making it impossible for any of them to escape from his wrath if they betrayed any order.

"As you command."

Aeron nodded and took off towards the crowd while Felix and the rest entered the palace.

The palace's interior resembled that of the great hall inside Nimo's consciousness greatly, with a dark and ominous design.

Felix went straight to the empty throne and sat down while Nimo remained seated on top of his shoulder.

Candace stood at Felix's right arm while the rest of the councilmen remained in front.

"Now, I know that many of you are curious about my stay in the spirit realm, but you should drop any question you have as I am forbidden from answering them." Felix got this out of the way before they could discuss anything.

"Is that so..."

"Damn..."

"Not even a little snippet?"

As he expected, the light of curiosity in their eyes died off immediately and their hearts were washed with a sense of disappointment.

Everyone was curious about the afterlife, especially them, who were considered immortals.

"It won't end well if I open my mouth, so drop the subject and tell me more about this wish and the sacrifice," Felix said.

"Well, at the beginning, Nimo wanted to fulfill the wish forcefully without any equal payment. This would have turned badly for him as the universe would serve him a severe punishment for his abuse of the law of greed." Candace narrated, "But, I ended up stopping him and convincing him that we can use other creatures as trade of life for yours."

"Is that right?" Felix gave Nimo a hardened stare, causing him to nod his head a little.

"I want you to never have such thought again." Felix chided him, "If I die, I die, don't try to sacrifice your life for mine. Am I understood?"

Eee...Eee...

Nimo whimpered softly, clearly upset about getting told off. While it pained Felix to scold him, especially when he had only his interest in mind, he knew that he had to be stern.

The last thing he wanted was for Nimo to sacrifice himself for his well-being.

He couldn't handle knowing that both of his closest loved ones ended up slumbering for eternity because of him.

It would be a far crueler fate than death.

"But, don't worry, I will soon be strong enough that you won't need to have such thoughts in your mind again." Felix comforted with a cold tone, "You have my word."

Eee! Eee!

This made Nimo happy again...He only cared about Felix's well-being and being alive with him, nothing more, nothing less.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Please continue."

"At first Nimo planned to sacrifice all creatures, whether intelligent or not, but I convinced him that if you heard about this, you wouldn't be pleased with him." Candace chuckled at Nimo's annoyed look, not too pleased with her snitching at his father.

"Good work." Felix praised her while giving Nimo a side glance.

He knew that it wasn't for Candace's relationship with Nimo being so close, he wouldn't bother listening to her at all and do as he pleased.

Even if it meant massacring the entire universe for the sake of reviving Felix, he would go for it.

"In the end, we have decided to use the void creatures as a sacrifice." Meriam continued from here with her seductive melodious voice. "They are easy to make with our wrathful creators' armies and there are plenty of them across the universe."

"Unfortunately, because their life's value is so poor compared to yours in the eyes of the universe, the price was way too steep." Arthur shook his head, "We even had to invest more than twenty billion void creatures at the start to create this untrackable dimensional pocket and keep our operations under wraps."

"I am more surprised that it's even possible to use void creatures as a price." Felix remarked, "Isn't this highly abusable by the paragon of sins, Nimo and the Djin?"

Felix felt that it was weird that the universe accepted the void creatures as a reasonable payment when the paragons themselves were capable of creating an infinite number of void creatures.

It was like a bank printing money and using said money to buy whatever it wanted without any repercussions...The government clearly wouldn't allow this, and so should the universe in this scenario.

"Well, we also had such thoughts back in the day and we came to the simple conclusion that the universe has already punished the paragon when it created our race."

"Even if she was punished for it, our race was still considered as an actual race within the ecosystem and so, we have lives and worth in the eyes of the universe." Mammon shared with a calm tone.

As the greatest Djin alive, he was more knowledgeable about this subject than any other void citizen.

"That makes sense." Felix nodded in understanding before adding, "The universe is operating on a set of frigid rules in white and black. It doesn't do well with matters in gray, so many loopholes emerge where its rules can be overlooked or even abused."

This was the perfect example of why the universe required an active consciousness to reason on such matters and deliver appropriate punishments.

Unfortunately, there was no such thing, and the cunning and powerful like the unigins and the three rulers had the option to abuse the rules.

'If it's like this, I think I found the best way to acquire sins' immunities.' Lady Sphinx remarked.

'You aren't thinking of using those void creatures to wish for the immunities?' Thor raised an eyebrow in surprise.'

When Felix heard them, his eyes slightly lit up. He knew that the greed laws had no limitation on what Wish one could ask as long as the appropriate price was paid!

If so, why not wish for him to have sin immunities and utilize those void creatures as the payment?!

It was the perfect method!

"Mind I ask, there are more than sixty billion void creatures collected, do you think they are enough to wish for at least a couple of sins immunities?" Felix wondered out loud, catching the councilmen and Candace by surprise.

"Sins immunities?" Mammon thought about it for a moment and anwsered without asking Felix about his motives, "I think it's enough for two immunities, maybe even three?"

"So many!" Felix exclaimed.

Even though he uttered that he could obtain a couple of them, he didn't believe it. In his eyes, he would be over the moon if those void creatures could be traded for a single immunity!

"It's not really." Mammon clarified, "Immunities are pretty widespread and there are plenty of ways to acquire them, even for commoners. So, in the eyes of the universe, the price for wishing for them is nowhere close to reviving someone even if those were seven sins immunities we are talking about."

In other words, worth was decided based on the challenge of achieving something and its accessibility in the universe.

Sins immunities were difficult to obtain, but they were possessed by thousands of void citizens, which underplayed their values.

If it wasn't for the challenge of getting them high, the sixty billion void creatures would be enough for seven sins and still, there would be leftovers!

"You handed me the biggest present possible at the best moment." Felix rubbed Nimo's belly with a gleeful smile, making Nimo giggle in enjoyment.

Eee! Eee! Eee!...

He had no clue that the past decades of slaving the void citizens had saved Felix a lot of time and trouble.

All he cared about was getting them belly rubs and this time, he earned them!