Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1539 Bringing Them on The Plan.

﻿1539 Bringing Them on The Plan.

"Mind I ask why you want to have immunities to sins?" Candace tilted her head in confusion.

Felix thought about it for a moment whether to bring them into the plan or not.

While they were his subordinates, they were mostly loyal to Nimo and if he told them that he was planning to become the new Paragon of Sins, he didn't know how they would take it.

'I will be needing their assistance and I can't have them working wholeheartedly without knowing the truth.'

In the end, he decided to fill them in.

"At this moment, there is no need to know my ultimate goal, but I can tell you this." Felix looked at them with a stern expression and disclosed, "I am aiming to become the new paragon of sins after devouring Nimo's alter ego. I need those immunities to survive my battle against him."

"..."

"..."

"..."

As expected, everyone was left stunned and befuddled at his bold goal. Becoming a paragon of sins? They didn't even know if that was possible in the first place, yet Felix said it with such conviction, that their brain wires tangled with each other.

They had no clue if they should consider what he said as a joke or a serious matter.

Eee Eee!

Only Nimo seemed quite excited and eager for Felix to achieve his goal even when he heard that he was planning to devour his alter ego.

In Nimo's little world, there weren't many complications. He hated his alter ego and he loved Felix.

As for his title being taken away by Felix? He didn't even know his duties or understand them yet since his awakened version was the one imprisoned.

"I know this is heavy to take, but I am dead serious."

To make his claims more believable, Felix snapped his finger and a crimson misty ball emerged on top of his palm, releasing an ungodly amount of corrupting evil aura.

"Evil energy!"

"Wait, how?!"

"Did you become a demon?! How am I not sensing any corruption from you?!"

All of them recognized it immediately and stared back at Felix with shocked expressions, having no clue how he managed to obtain it when he didn't release an ounce of corruption from him!

Even though they noticed Felix's new appearance, they didn't think that he had become a demon simply because of the lack of corruption aura around him.

"I found a way to devour Lucifer and take away his control of evil energy." Felix clarified calmly while turning the crimson sphere into many shapes. "You can consider me as the new lord of demons and anything related to evil energy."

"Wasn't Lucifer killed by you before? How can you devour him then? This is too much to take." Candace shook her head and sat next to him, feeling a bit fuzzy.

Seeing that their bewilderment only grew stronger and stronger, Felix exhaled deeply and decided to narrate everything that happened while omitting details related to the spirit realm and Asna.

This made his story seem filled with holes, but they understood that he was merely retaining information from them instead of making stuff up.

In the end, the conclusion was Felix needed to become the new paragon of sins to enter the eternal kingdom.

Why? He didn't tell them.

Still, they were at last on the same page concerning his goal.

"A mortal becoming a deity is already an achievement that should have been spoken for generations to come, but now, you are aiming to turn into a literal god...You are crazy!" The Ruiner laughed out loud, "And I f*cking love it! I am in!"

"Indeed, this does sound too ludicrous, but if there is one person capable of pulling it off, it has to be you." Arthur commentated with a solemn tone.

He was the most rational and cunning of them. While this goal seemed a bit impossible to achieve, he understood that he had nothing to lose and everything to gain from supporting Felix all the way.

If they failed, so be yet, nothing much would change whether he died during the battle or not.

But, if he succeeded? He would be one of the closest subordinates to the paragon of sins himself!

There was no point in waiting for Nimo to grow and help them get stronger when Felix could do a much better job at it.

Mammon, Meriam, and Candace all thought the same.

"Your support and devotion are highly appreciated." Felix nodded in gratitude, knowing exactly what was on their minds, and didn't care much about it.

They wouldn't be void citizens if they didn't prioritize themselves before everything.

"Now, prepare everyone for tonight's meeting, I will be addressing the current development," Felix ordered.

Now that he realized void creatures could be farmed for wishes, he wasn't planning on stopping his nation from collecting them.

At least, not until he had enough to get all seven sins immunities.

"Everyone is dismissed but Candace."

Arthur and the rest bowed their heads deeply and left the throne chamber.

After they were gone, Felix turned to Candace and told her to put her wisp inside his consciousness space.

She gladly did so as she had missed Lady Sphinx and the others.

When she opened her eyes and noticed the new 'town' with many ancestors hanging around the place, she felt at ease like she had returned home.

"Ayy, look who's here." Thor chuckled in greeting.

"Bring me some juice from the bar." Lord Shiva ordered indifferently without bothering to even glance in her direction, having his head planted in his manga book.

"Ignore him and come sit with us." Lady Sphinx smiled at her.

Lord Shiva glared at her, but he refrained from retorting, not wanting to start trouble with her.

"Thank you."

Candace went and took a seat with Felix, Lady Sphinx, and the bunch, excluding Lord Shiva, and Loki.

When she looked around and didn't notice Asna or Carbuncle, she couldn't help but ask for their whereabouts with a titled head.

Everyone looked at Felix and saw that he still had a faint peaceful smile, seemingly not bothered by her question.

Ever since he had returned, they avoided bringing Asna up or comforting him about her situation, knowing that it would do nothing but keep unsealing his wound.

"Asna is my reason for becoming the paragon of sins...She has been abducted by those beings and I have to get her back one way or another." Felix shared what he had hidden from the councilmen.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"They took Madam?!"

Candace covered her mouth with a stunned and saddened expression.

While Asna was a b*tch to her at the start, they quickly connected together against any other girl wanting to cling to Felix.

So, Candace was genuinely affected by the news on a personal level.

Not wanting to discuss this subject any further since he would be forced to share details, Felix waved his hand and said, "You don't have to bother yourself with this. Asna is fine and we will rescue her even if it's the last agenda before I clock out."

"As for Elder Carbunlcle, he had fulfilled his dream at last and had gone away in peace." Felix smiled.

"I'm happy for him." Candace showed a forced disheartened smile, still hung up on Asna's matters, but she didn't want to damper the mood.

"Candace, I am telling you this alone because I trust you the most amongst my subordinates. So, I need you to oversee the void creatures' collection and rebuild our void nation's empire in the alliance while I handle other matters." Felix uttered with a solemn tone.

"Leave it to me, I have it covered." Candace didn't shy away from responsibility at all.

While Lord Hades didn't tell him to get stronger before his battle with Nimo's alter ego, it was obvious that he had to be in his best possible form.

To do that meant that he needed to use all available methods to strengthen himself like pushing through the dragon/devourer's marks, eating purities from powerful beings, and working harder on his battle experience.

If it was up to him, he would have entered the origin realm and received the biggest strength enhancement known to the universe.

Alas, Lord Hades forbade him from doing so, telling him that entering the origin realm was the final step of ascension...Without it, he would never become a real unigin!