Chapter 1540 Equal Trade Symbol.

﻿1540 Equal Trade Symbol.

Sometime later, Felix joined Nimo's consciousness space as a wisp and announced his return properly to all void citizens across the universe.

Not everyone was inside the dimensional pocket, so he held the meeting in Nimo's mind.

While he was giving a speech to restore the void empire, Saurous and Wendigo were seen sitting in a cozy living room with a fireplace, resembling Mannanggal's previous place.

'We haven't heard from that Lunatic yet,' Saurous wondered.

'What is there to report? The rumor was fake as I told you and he must be embarrassed for even entertaining it.' Wendigo sneered.

'Most likely, still, it wouldn't hurt to ask. I am bored anyway." Saurous shrugged his shoulders as he tried to reach out to Lucifer.

The other side was connected fully to the UVR, which allowed them to link their wisps with Queen Ai and join the network again.

As for Lord Loki? They kept all their most important conversations telepathic and never mentioned their main consciousness locations out loud or hinted at them.

In their eyes, even if Felix died, Lord Khaos wasn't going to forgive them for their blatant disrespect, so they had to remain hidden.

"Hmmm? He isn't picking up." Saurous raised an eyebrow, "That's a bit weird."

"Let me try." Wendigo's expression also got a bit bothered by this, understanding that Lucifer would never ignore a call from them.

After all, he was just attempting to recruit them to hunt Felix's past shadow and he should be eager to receive their call.

After a couple of attempts by both of them and no response, they were left staring at each other.

"Do you think?"

"I don't know." Saurous frowned, "I am more inclined to believe that he is somewhere outside of the network's range, but my gut feeling keeps telling me that something ain't right."

"Me too." Wendigo nodded.

Primogenitors' intuition was extremely powerful and they trusted more than anything else. Still, it didn't mean that they were going to conclude the worst and be done with it.

"We will check on him in the next weeks or months." Saurous said, "If he's still not responding, then, we can assume he will never do."

Wendigo went quiet for a moment while staring at the crackling fireplace, his shadowy eyes not reflecting an ounce of light in them...Yet, Felix's demonic face seemed to appear in the flames dancing around.

'Is he alive?'

Till now, he was still unable to accept this reality as it meant so many things.

First and foremost, the reignition of their hatred and revenge agenda against him for murdering their brother.

'Settle down, it's far too unlikely and that prick will pick up soon.' Wendigo got rid of the rising heat in his heart, having no interest in getting emotionally invested in a fantasy.

Alas, if only he knew that Felix would be visiting them soon, he wouldn't be acting like this...

***

The Next Morning...

Inside the dimensional pocket, Felix was seen standing in front of his massive living statue with Nimo sitting on his shoulder...The councilmen were standing behind him.

Felix decided to start getting immunities today, so he could have plenty of time to train with them before his fateful battle.

"Nimo, you can start," Felix said.

Eee Eee!

Nimo's eyes glowed with an eerie green light as he harnessed the immense power of the laws of greed.

The symbol of a fox appeared above Nimo's head inside a circular hexagon, which was packed with intricate and mysterious designs and writings.

While Nimo didn't say it out loud, Felix could sense that he made a wish to bestow upon him immunity to lust laws.

Felix picked lust first since he was still a bit traumatized from his last interaction with the paragon.

After Nimo's wish was completed, the same symbol appeared on top of the living void statue and it was as dim as the night sky.

But soon, the void creatures underneath disintegrated into green mist and fed the symbol rapidly, making it resemble a black hole sucking in matter!

"Sheesh..."

Felix was slightly taken aback by the sight of millions of void creatures disappearing into the symbol's devouring presence, lighting it bit by bit.

"This is called Equal Trade Symbol. When it comes to the greed laws, there are two types of wishes." Mammon took the time to explain what Felix was seeing, "The first one is geared for the user's advantage and works only on simple wishes, like giving someone an extra thousand years longevity, but getting his racial trait as payment. A smaller symbol manifests and the universe isn't heavily involved in the trade."

"But for such complex wishes without two involved parties, this symbol makes an appearance and it devours anything before it completes the final price."

"What happens if the provided price isn't enough?" Felix inquired.

"It turns to the owner and starts devouring his longevity, his organs, his senses, his emotions, and in the end his life if the price was still not enough." Mammon said with a solemn tone, "Many Djins lost their lives because of their greed, incapable of resisting having infinite wishes, but at the same time can't afford them."

"Wait, can't they just terminate the process?" Felix frowned.

"No, not even our little god can cancel the trade when it starts since it's a business trade between him and the universe." Mammon shook his head, "Nothing humbles unigins but the universe itself."

"I see...This does sound dangerous."

Felix understood that the seven sins weren't powerful for no reason. There were massive drawbacks to owning them in which, the owner himself get tested against his desires.

Just because one possessed immunity to those sins, it didn't mean that he would be incapable of falling under their effect.

It only meant that others couldn't use his desires against him. But he could still screw himself up.

"In the case of our little god and the paragon, since they can't die, the most severe punishment is slumber for a very, very long period."

"I thought so." Felix nodded.

Eee Eee!

Suddenly, Nimo poked Felix in the cheek, telling him to prepare to accept the bestowment as the symbol was about to be fully lighted up.

Felix didn't know what he would experience exactly, but he was used to receiving bestowment, so he wasn't tense at all.

Abruptly, as the last empty creature vanished into the symbol, a surge of green energy beam washed over Felix from the symbol, making him glow all over for a couple of seconds. Then, the light dimmed down and the sign disappeared.

"It's over?"

Felix didn't feel any pain or discomfort, in fact, he didn't feel anything at all.

"What did you expect?" Candace chuckled.

"I don't know, I am just used to the pain accompanying anything able to get me stronger." Felix's eyelids twitched, feeling like a disappointed masochist.

"Do you want to test your protection with me?" Meriam giggled alluringly with a pinkish light in her eyes.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Before Felix could respond, Candace gave her a cold glare. "In your dreams."

Knowing that Asna wasn't around, Candace had no purpose of letting any woman consider making a advance on Felix...Plus, if someone was going to test him, she was the next in line.