Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1541 It's Time To Get New Slaves.

﻿1541 It's Time To Get New Slaves.

"No need to be a b*tch about it, I was just suggesting." Meriam huffed with an irked tone.

"Humph." Candace ignored her and asked Felix for his permission to use her lust laws on him.

"No offense, but I doubt any of you can affect my mental defenses without even possessing an immunity." Felix shook his head, "I will let Nimo do the test."

With Felix's empowered soul, his mental defenses were on another level and unless it was a unigin or a primogenitor with insane mental attacks like Kumiho and Siren, nothing could harm him.

"Nimo, can you...Nimo?"

When Felix looked at his side to thank Nimo for his troubles and request his help, he couldn't help but knit his eyebrows at his tired expression.

His eyes were droopy and his body felt light like he was about to fall asleep any moment.

"Are you okay?"

Felix got a bit concerned, knowing that it was bizarre for Nimo to feel exhausted while around him...He was always happy skippy go lucky.

Eee Eee...

Nimo replied with a wide smile, but his usual energetic self wasn't there.

"I think he is just a bit tired." Mammon uttered calmly, "Usually, we all get tired if we use highly demanding abilities, but this shouldn't have affected him that much."

"He is missing half of his soul and most of his powers to his alter ego." Arthur added with a serious tone, "It would be not normal if he wasn't affected negatively."

"I thought so too."

Felix reached the same conclusion, which made him feel somewhat guilty for this situation. He was overworking Nimo who wasn't even at his peak form.

Eee Eee!

When Nimo sensed Felix's change in emotions, he forced his eyes wide open and increased his volume, trying to let Felix know that this was nothing for him and he shouldn't feel bad.

"Thanks, buddy, but I think you should take a break." Felix smiled faintly while putting him in his embrace and rubbing his head gently.

Eee...Eee

Nimo couldn't maintain the tough act and fell asleep right away, enjoying Felix's comforting touch.

"Candace, follow me. You guys are free." Felix excused everyone but Candace as he flew back to the palace.

He planned on finishing the statue by wishing for as many immunities as possible, but now? He no longer had such a thought and wanted to do it only if Nimo was 100% up for it.

...

Candace, with her alluring charm and a glint of mischief in her eyes, approached Felix with graceful and hypnotic movements...Her voice took on a sultry tone as she spoke.

"Let's see if it works."

She extended a hand, her fingers lightly tracing a path along his chest. Her touch was like a gentle caress of the wind, but she knew her powers could be far more persuasive.

"You know, I can make you feel things you've never experienced before."

She leaned in closer, her lips almost brushing against his ear as she whispered sweet promises.

Her voice and aura were infused with seductive energy, and a captivating allure emanated from the lust laws.

Felix, however, remained unaffected, his expression calm and composed...He had weakened his mental defenses on purpose so her manipulation could take hold of him, but he didn't feel an ounce of emotion or desire rising within him.

"It seems like it's working just fine." Felix commentated as he pushed Candace away gently. "We are done here."

"I am glad to be of help." With a playful wink, Candace stepped back, acknowledging his boundaries.

"Based on the quantity devoured of void creatures, I believe the statue can help out with just another immunity and a bit of left over will remain." Felix asked her, "In your opinion, which immunity do I need to give priority to next?"

"I guess greed?" Candace replied.

"Greed?" Felix was slightly taken aback.

He expected her to say pride since Nimo's alter ego pride was over the moon and if he challenged Felix to a battle of pride, he would most likely dominate him.

After all, while Felix had pride in himself, it couldn't amount to a unigin's pride knowingly born as one of the gods in the universe.

Candace clarified with a solemn tone, "All sins' abilities are extremely dangerous in battles. But greed is on another level since just like you used a wish to get immunities, Nimo's alter ego can wish to remove them from you. Even worse, he can wish for your death if all hope seemed lost in his victory, and will gladly serve the punishment of his abuse."

"You're right, that does sound impossible to beat," Felix confirmed with a deep tone.

Felix understood that if got immune to greed laws, he would be immune to anyone using greed laws' effects on him, but if he was the one initiating it, it would work just fine.

"Though, I have to leave it last. I can't accept wishes from Nimo if I get the immunity second."

"That's true."

"By the way, will it be cheaper to extract immunities from wrath creators, the dreamers, and the world eaters than to wish for them straight off the universe?" Felix proposed.

Felix realized that it would take him centuries if not more if he used only void-lings to get all the immunities.

After all, the void creatures' numbers in the universe would get fewer and fewer with their constant hunting. Also, the wrathful creators had a limit to the number they could bear each day.

If there was any different method to reduce the period, he would take it right away.

"Massively." Candace replied, "If you provided the item, object, or whatnot, the price gets reduced drastically since it would be regarded as as a direct trade between two subjects instead of a trade between a subject and the universe."

"The only downside is those creatures losing their immunities, which in a sense, kills them."

"That's why I have chosen only those three." Felix replied calmly, "They are unintelligent and it wouldn't be too much of a loss."

While Felix was cold-hearted, he wasn't senseless enough to hand-

pick some intelligent void citizens and steal their immunities, knowing that it would ruin his image in his nation forever.

After finishing his discussion with Candace, he sent her away and switched to his wisp in his consciousness space.

After he noticed that the majority of tenants were in the central plaza, he went to the table and sat down.

Without needing to say anything, most of the tenants joined him after reading what he had in mind.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I think it's about time I get some new slaves," Felix grinned coldly.

"Haha, make sure to put their wisps with us, I have plenty of 'fun' prepared for them." Thor laughed as he gulped alcohol from a big jar.

Now that Nimo's situation was settled and Lucifer was handled, it was time for the remaining darkins to receive their share of Felix's wrath.

Felix had never forgotten what those three had put him through and what they did to his planet and dearest family.

He only overcame his hatred and anger to deal with other important matters and now, it was time to release it on them!