Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1542 Seeking Their Location. I

﻿1542 Seeking Their Location. I

"First, how do we find them?" Felix inquired while glancing at Lord Loki from a distance, who was annoying Lord Shiva, not letting him read in peace.

"Don't look at me, they are signed in to the network with their wisps and they had never mentioned anything about their main consciousness' location." Lord Loki shrugged his shoulders without bothering to look at them.

"It's expected, they are too cunning and careful to make such a rookie mistake," Jörmungandr said.

"Lord Khoas can't help us out on the other side because of the paragon...I am also slightly bit hesitant to return there." Felix felt a shiver course his spine after imagining his fate if the paragon caught him.

"It's doubtful if she would make a move on you." Lady Sphinx said, "If she wanted you dead, you would have been already."

"I am not scared of death..." Felix sighed.

Even with lust immunity, Felix didn't feel safe in the slightest around the paragon as he knew that she could play with him in a million different ways.

Still, he had no intentions of backing down from hunting the darkins.

"If a primogenitor doesn't want to be found, he wouldn't be found.

"So, this is going to be much more difficult than you think." Fenrir said expressionlessly, "They aren't retarded to get baited into showing themselves like Lucifer."

Felix knew that he was right...The other side was a massive territory and it would take him forever to check planet by planet, moon by moon.

"I have no interest in waiting for them to show themselves on their own." Felix narrowed his eyes as he eyed Candace, "How much do you think it will cost to get their location through a wish?"

"A lot." Candace shook her head, "I have no idea about the exact price, but I know that getting someone's location through a wish depends on the social status of the target. You are asking for the primogenitor's location, which is deemed of the highest value lower than only unigins. So, it will be pricy."

"I see."

Felix decided to put this suggestion on the side for now, knowing that Nimo was already struggling to help him with getting immunities, and he didn't want to keep pilling up on him with wishes.

Plus, the collected void creatures were restricted and he had to use them efficiently.

Felix didn't bother asking if Mammon or other Djins were capable of helping him out...He was already told that the wish's price increases higher based on the weakness of the user.

If Mammon wished for those immunities for Felix, the price could even double since his greed laws weren't as good as Nimo's.

So, Felix had to rely on Nimo for complex wishes.

"How do we lure them out of their hiding..." Felix murmured while holding his chin, running multiple scenarios in his mind to find out the best method.

"You can impersonate yourself as Lucifer and set up a meeting with them." Lord Loki shared casually, "They have hanging out with each other lately."

Everyone turned to look at him with surprised expressions.

"How long did you know about this? When did you plan to tell us?" Lady Sphinx asked with a stern voice.

"Cough, for a while now." Lord Loki scratched his cheek sheepishly after realizing that he was keeping some key information to himself.

"You...We always told you to tell us anything new related to them and you didn't bother to share such Intel?" Thor got irritated, "How lazy can you get?"Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I am overseeing the entire UVR, you might see me like this, but I am a busy person!"

Although he said this with such conviction, no one believed him when he was wasting his time teasing Lord Shiva.

They knew that he just didn't care as much and was just here to have some fun.

"Forget it, just give us the details." Jörmungandr requested.

Lord Loki narrated what he was allowed to hear during the short meetings between Lucifer and the darkins, which made everyone conclude that those three had a short-term alliance to take down Felix before his death.

When they heard that Lucifer had approached them when Felix first released the rumor, all of them reached the same idea.

"We can lure them out or at least give us their location if we played our cards right," Thor said.

"With Queen Ai and illusion, we can make a lie become a truth," Felix smirked. His mind is already in the process of creating the blueprint of their strategy.

***

The Next Morning...<nulli><nullb>

Vrr Vrrr!

Suarous and Wendigo's AP bracelets went off at the same time while they were having a nice breakfast with tea and dessert.

When they peeked at the ID, both of them looked at each other for a moment before Wendigo nodded at his partner.

"About damn time you come back online." Saurous picked up the call with a grunt.

On the other side of the call, Felix...No, Lucifer appeared in his blood and flesh!

Felix's impersonate was so perfect, there wasn't an ounce of difference between him and the real thing!

Wendigo and Saurous didn't seem suspicious of anything since Felix had called with Lucifer's real ID. With Queen Ai's help, it wasn't hard to pull it off.

"I am not in the mood for jokes! Listen! The rumors were f*cking true! I've been ambushed by that bastard, and he's taken me into a dimensional pocket!" Felix's words were laced with agitation and tension, plus a little of Lucifer's known madness.

"Are you messing with us?"

Wendigo and Saurous fixed their postures immediately after hearing of Felix's return, sounding solemn and frigid.

"Watch what happened for yourselves, I know you won't believe me no matter what I say." Felix forwarded a recording from Lucifer's perspective when he took him inside the dimensional pocket.

He got the recording from Queen Ai database and usually this would be impossible, but with Lord Loki's supreme authority, everything was accessible.

"It's him..."

"F*ck me...Don't tell me he got revived?!"

Saurous and Wendigo lost their cool the moment they saw Felix in the recording. Since it was a real recording, they knew that was Felix and nothing could tell them otherwise!

They had been interacting with Felix so many times, they would never fail to recognize him!

"I don't know if he got revived or he never died in the first place and was training in isolation, whatever happened, he returned much stronger!" Felix uttered with an agitated tone. "Just watch and you will understand."

Naturally, Felix had modified the recording to not show what went down there, not wanting to scare them into hiding forever.

He relied on his illusion domain to mix in lies with truths, showing them somewhat of a decent battle between parties before it turned into a one-sided beatdown of Lucifer.

Wendigo and Saurous were left with knitted eyebrows, watching in silence how Felix used his cosmosbreaker to split the dimensional pocket into two, before teleporting next to Lucifer and using time spells to lock him down in place.

Just as he cast totality collapse and was about to devour Lucifer, it was shown that the recording ended.

"I was forced to relocate my consciousness to another part of evil energy to escape." Lucifer wiped his sweaty forehead, "One second later and I would have been erased."