Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1543 Seeking Their Location. II

﻿1543 Seeking Their Location. II

"He has indeed improved immensely and gotten dangerously fearsome." Saurous nodded with a stern expression, realizing that his confidence in taking down Felix was starting to wane.

From having utter confidence to smash Felix into a paste with a look to fearing for his life...Saurous didn't enjoy this turn of events in the slightest.

"What took you so long to contact us?" Wendigo frowned, "The battle in the video didn't seem to last for even a couple of minutes."

"What are you talking about? I have just gotten out of the dimensional pocket and reached out to you first." Felix shared with a bewildered look while glancing at his bracelet.

Before they could reply, his eyes widened a little bit before exclaiming, "It's been already a couple of days?! The dimensional pocket must be operating on a different time zone."

"Must be, it also explains you not being connected to the network." Saurous nodded in approval.

It wasn't bizarre for a dimensional pocket to have a different time speed than the universe. It was a common occurrence if the difference was small like minutes or hours even.

While days difference was a bit rarer, it was nothing to raise alarms about.

"Forget about that, tell me now, do you still want to sit this one out?! I am going after him with your help or without even if my chances are slim to take him down." Felix smoothly returned to the main subject.

While the data given to him by Lord Loki wasn't a lot, it was still enough to lead the conversation to his desired goal.

"It's best not to continue talking here." Wendigo said coldly while eyeing the ceiling, "Meet us at our usual spot."

Before Felix could respond, the call was cut off.

Wendigo and Saurous looked at each other and continued this discussion telepathically.

'What do you think?'

'I don't know, I always had a small feeling that cockroach won't disappear like that. With Lord Loki in his pocket, he can fake his death and get away from the contracts easily, allowing him a chance to train in peace away from everyone.' Saurous replied. 'He also had a favor from Lord Osiris, so he could have told him to confirm his death to anyone asking.'

'I think so too.' Wendigo nodded, 'While it's hard to believe that Lord Osiris lied to us, I am more inclined to believe in this than him being allowed to revive with his memories intact. That's just pure bullsh*t and Lord Hades would never allow it.'

Any intelligent primogenitor with their kind of information would believe the same...Unless Felix came forward and confirmed it with legit evidence, no one would believe his revival story.

Still, they weren't easily convinced about the whole situation no matter how much evidence was shown to them.

In their eyes, the only way to confirm everything 100% was by meeting with Lucifer in the real world with their consciousness wisps.

***

On the other side...Felix grouped up with the tenants in his consciousness space.

"Well, that went alright I guess," Thor remarked.

"I think they bought it 90%." Jörmungandr said, "Still, they are cunning and they set up the meeting to check on your evil energy and soul uniqueness."

"Everything can lie but the soul." Lady Sphinx nodded, "With Wendigo being one of the best mentalists in the universe, he is extremely sensitive to souls and will recognize yours at first glance."

Felix knew that this was a much bigger issue than the place of the meeting.

Since their wisps were connected to the UVR, Lord Loki must have seen their usual meeting place many times before.

But when it came to the soul, it was extremely difficult to fake Lucifer's soul uniqueness.

"Can't you use illusion domain to pull it off?" Candace wondered.

"I would have, but I will need a copy of Lucifer's soul and time to work it out." Felix said with a solemn tone, "I have neither at the moment."

Felix knew that being late to the meeting by even an hour was more suspicious than anything else since they knew that Lucifer could move across the entire universe freely with his strategically placed evil energies.

So, the moment Felix received the location from Lord Loki, he already made his move through Lord Khaos' tunneling ability, putting him closer to the place.

While he was continuing the rest of the journey on his own, his mind was working overtime to find the best method to convince the darkins of Lucifer's identity.

Alas, no matter how much he tried, it just seemed impossible unless Wendigo failed to notice the soul differences.

If Felix utilized his spiritual pressure to hide his eyes from prying on his soul, it would give him away too since his spiritual pressure was much more powerful than theirs.

The only reason he wasn't worried about it was because he could hide it with his illusion domain.

Unfortunately, Felix didn't have much time to think things through, and in a couple of minutes, he arrived at the location with his disguise on.

It was ahomey house sitting alone in a desolate gray moon landscape, surrounded by nothing but barren rocks and lifeless gray soil.

Its warm, inviting exterior contrasts sharply with the stark, colorless environment, providing a flicker of hope and comfort in an otherwise desolate setting.

The house features a cozy porch with two rocking chairs, and soft, warm lights emanating from its windows.

Felix sensed Wendigo and Saurous existence inside the house and he made sure to keep all of his emotions buried deep within, not wanting to give himself out voluntarily.

'My only way out is to pray that my distinctive evil energy puts any suspicion away.' Felix thought as he walked to the door.

Knowing Lucifer's disrespectful attitude, Felix didn't knock and went straight in with a cold expression, and his corruption aura slightly released.

'Now, answer me, are you in with me or not?!'

Without giving them a chance to question his identity, he kicked off the meeting right away from where they left off.

'We are clearly in as there is no way we will let our brother's kill roam free.' Saurous replied coldly.

When he sensed Lucifer's evil energy, his suspicion died off instantly, knowing that no one could fake its potentness.

Not even other demons possessed Lucifer's type of corruption, which set him apart from everyone just like a soul's uniqueness!

'Based on what was shown in the recording, it's going to be insanely difficult to kill him. We have to use whatever approach possible to weaken him.' Wendigo joined in.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

When Felix saw this, the wisp inside his mind got slightly elated, realizing that Wendigo must have been bought by his evil energy too and didn't bother to check his soul.

With his spiritual sensitivity, he would have noticed Wendigo if he tried to prob his soul.

'I am down with anything.' Felix smiled wickedly, 'I don't care if I had to kickstart another demonic invasion on the alliance to assist us.'

'We don't need to go that far.' Saurous uttered, 'He still has plenty of friends and close ones. If you manage to kidnap them and lure him to the other side through them, we can ambush him where he least expected.'

'I just need a clear shot and my ultimate will be enough to take him down.' Wendigo smiled with a cold look.

In their eyes, it didn't matter if Felix had all of those supreme abilities and powers.

As long as he let down his guard and got hit with Wendigo's dominating supreme mental attack, his life would be over.

All they needed was one chance, one attack.

'As long as you keep his body intact, I am down for it,' Felix remarked with a look of pure desire.

'Don't worry, no harm will befall it.'

Saurous and Wendigo weren't weirded out by this as Lucifer had always shown a sickening interest in Felix's body.

'So, where do I bring the hostages?' Felix asked the million-dollar question.

'Dankrir, we will be waiting there for you.' Saurous shared.

'Don't f*ck this up, the kid is extremely intelligent and he must know that you will be targeting his weak friends.' Wendigo warned, 'So, make sure to not get baited and caught again.'

'Enough, that was a one-time occurrence.' Felix showed an irritated look before standing up. 'I will be bringing them in the next days, don't keep me waiting.'

With that, Felix left from the door and his presence disappeared almost instantly from the moon.

The moment he was gone for real, Wendigo turned to Saurous and uttered with a solemn tone. 'That ain't no Lucifer.'