Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1544 Forced To Improvise!

﻿1544 Forced To Improvise!

'I think so too.' Saurous switched up his attitude real quick. 'Lucifer always breaks into corruption mist after our meetings are concluded, teleporting somewhere else right away.'

The fact Felix used the door would have been expected for others, but not for those two...Such a small detail was enough to destroy everything Felix had built up with Lucifer's disguise.

'It's that brat, I have used my soul inspection before the door closed and his soul is too similar to him.' Wendigo shared coldly.

'i guessed so...What a wicked devil. He went this far for the sake of finding our main consciousness location. It's clear, he is more than confident in taking us down.' Saurous commentated with a solemn tone, not liking where this was going.

For Felix to work this hard for the sake of hunting them wasn't a pleasant feeling at all as it made his guts twist in alarm, telling him to stay away from him if he valued his life.

'He must have killed Lucifer and somehow possessed his powers.' Wendigo added, 'He is becoming scarier and scarier...I am afraid we must give up on our revenge for now and remain lowkey until we find a way to deal with him.'

'I think so too.' Saurous agreed, 'Plus, he isn't alone...He has a backup of two primogenitors and two elemental lords. This is a losing battle.'

While Felix's aggressiveness and cunningness had startled them, it didn't surprise them too much.

They understood the depth of enmity between them and if they had a chance, they would have been gunning for him too.

'Let's get out of here, we have been compromised.' Wendigo uttered.

Without further discussion, both of them left the house on a spaceship as their current vessels holding their wisps were incapable of letting them use their manipulations.

After all, they weren't like Manannaggal or Lady Sphinx, capable of creating perfect clones, giving them a chance to use their abilities and powers.

Those vessels were more or less just normal clones able to hold their wisps and that's it. Though, since Wendigo's mental prowess was extremely extraordinary, his wisp alone was able to use any ability related to souls.

As their spaceship took off into the darkest sky, a pair of golden eyes appeared from the shadow of the house, eyeing the departed spaceship.

'Let's hope plan B works.' Felix uttered in his mind as he emerged from the shadows and sat on one of the rocking chairs.

Just like the darkins figured out Felix's identity, the moment Wendigo used soul inspection, Felix immediately realized that his plan was f*cked and he had to improvise to save it.

The first thing he did was cast his illusion domain around hundreds of kilometers of space around the house!

'Fortunately, they were mere wisps and they couldn't sense the illusion domain manifestation.' Thor commentated.

'Their minds being focused on Felix's identity and his disappearing presence also helped.' Jörmungandr added.

It was clear that the darkins believed that Felix had gone after he thought that his plan to bait them out had succeded.

After all, they had no clue that Felix's spiritual prowess was even above Wendigo's, which allowed him to sense his soul inspection and give them away!

Even if Felix told them about it, they wouldn't believe it since it meant his spiritual pressure was enough to bully them.

This was something all primogenitors wouldn't accept even if they were beaten to death.

'I have switched the time to one in a million and made the illusion domain seem infinite. So, even if they wanted to transform the current information into their main consciousness, it would take forever.' Felix said, 'But this merely helps with buying some time. I have to invade their memories and dig the location.'

'If you don't know where to look, it's going to take a long while.' Lady Sphinx said.

All of them knew that this was a serious problem...While the wisps were under the time difference's manipulation, the same couldn't be said about their main consciousness.

So, if they tried to reach out to their wisps and realized that something was weird about the time, they would immediately get rid of them to protect themselves.

'I don't have much of a choice, this is a race against time and I have to go all out.'

Without wasting a single second, Felix swiftly manifested more than a thousand copies of himself, each with a unique wisp operating it!

All of his army clones possessed a screen in front of them. It displayed millions upon millions of smaller screens with videos on them.

These were Saurous' and Wendigo's memories!

Even if he wasn't near them, he could easily access them since they were locked in his illusion domain. in it, he was more of a god.

If it was up to him, he would have tortured them and extracted the data forcefully.

But, he knew that primogenitors' pain tolerance was on another level, and even if he utilized celestial black flames, they wouldn't snitch on their main consciousness right away.

After all, it meant exposing themselves to a dangerous ambush and they would never put themselves in such a position.

Felix couldn't risk betting on their pain tolerance when he barely had half a minute or even less if their mains were bored and decided to check on their wisps.

'Begin!'

With a silent mental command, the legion of Felix clones began sifting through the memories of Wendigo and Saurous, probing deep into their thoughts, searching for any hint, any clue that would reveal their hidden location!

All of their expressions were deadly serious, and their golden eyes glowed with an intensity that matched the gravity of the mission at hand.

'Not this, not this, not this...' Felix was also working his utmost best, knowing that his elemental and mental energy wasn't going to sustain such a massive army of clones.

He had twenty seconds at best before exhaustion washed over him and he had to make the best of it!

As his legion was going through a century's worth of memories with great details, not wanting to skip a single moment, a single scene, aripple of realization washed over one of the clones.

Its eyes widened as it uncovered the vital piece of information they had been desperately seeking!

He had found it in Saurous' memories in the first years after Felix's death became widely known.

"They're located in the abandoned lunar outpost, Sector 7-B, near star system 2B67!" the clone reported, its tone echoing the relief that surged through Felix as he received the critical information.

'The data is a bit obsolete and they could have potentially moved out.' Felix stood up abruptly with a frigid look, 'But, I don't have the luxury to complain.'

With a position pinpointed, Felix swiftly canceled his clones and even the illusion domain. Then, he requested Lord Khoas to link him with the location exactly!

Lord Khoas helped him out again, knowing that all of this was going to reflect on his own end goal too.

Fortunately, he was different than other primogenitors and with just his wisp alone, he could manipulate void energy as long as it was in the void realm to create abilities from a distance.

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix jumped into the void portal and exited near the deserted lunar post.

it was nestled on the desolate brown surface of a rugged moon. Its exterior bore the scars of time and neglect, painting a stark picture against the barren lunar landscape.

Yet, Felix showed the widest devilish grin in his life after his senses picked up two powerful and overbearing auras in the depth of the lunar post!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"I Found you..."