Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1546 Welcome To Your Personal Hell. V

﻿1546 Welcome To Your Personal Hell. V

Saurous and Wendigo could already sense dread creeping up on them at the thought of being held down inside an illusion domain.

They had never experienced it before, but they understood that if even their unkillable brother was finished off through it, their lives weren't going to be any better.

'Stay tough, if it's just pain, then we can eat whatever is thrown at us.' Wendigo stated coldly.

'We have been through so much to end up crumbling here.' Saurous sneered as he stared directly into Felix's eyes, 'Don't worry, I won't give him the satisfaction of breaking me.'

Unlike Manananggal, Saurous and Wendigo didn't have any love for anyone in their lives, which meant the most excruciating pain in their eyes would be physically related.

They were molded by pain for billions of years to end up getting scared off by some measly torture.

Even if it lasted for millions or billions of years, they were more than ready for it!

"Such cute defiant looks. I hope you can maintain them. It won't be fun otherwise."

Felix chuckled while freeing them from his spiritual pressure, not needing it anymore to keep them tightened up.

The instant those two felt his spiritual pressure was uplifted, they used their strongest escape abilities!

Wendigo tried to transfer into a different place where darkness existed while Saurous attempted to release his black hole and consume all matter!

Alas...

"I can't use my manipulation..."

"Sigh..."

Their abilities were locked up and it really didn't come as much of a surprise, knowing that Felix wouldn't be foolish enough to release them without having countermeasures.

"The sooner you accept your fate, the easier it will be for all of us," Felix said while snapping his finger, creating two standard chairs and forcing them to sit on them.

They tried to resist his control and stand up, but just like they were pushed by the hand of a god, their butts refused to move.

In the end, they could only give Felix the most deathly glare possible without wasting their time in escape anymore.

"That's more like it. Now, let's have some fun."

With a sinister chuckle, Felix setoff the entire chamber in inky black celestial flames that flickered with otherworldly intensity.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The flames danced around Saurous and Wendigo without touching them, coming so close to their skin, yet not making contact.

"What's this?" Saurous asked with a deep frown.

He didn't sense any sort of heat from the flames, which made him confused about its origin.

"This will be your companion for the next eons to come." Felix sighed in disappointment, "Your partner was in luck, landing in my hands when I didn't have my celestial flames."

"Albeit his torture could be said to have broken him mentally, this would have been checked the physical box too."

Hearing speak like this made the darkins' hearts skip a beat a little. They had never seen such dark flames before and with Felix's hyping it up like this, it left too much room for imagination.

"Tsk, what does it do? Burn our bodies and souls?" Wendigo mocked, "Kid, you think too lowly of primogenitors if you thought we haven't trained our souls' pain tolerance."

"Give it your best, let's see if you can harm us more than that cruel bitch Kumiho." Saurous laughed it off, wanting to get into Felix's nerves.

It was obvious that the darkins seemed to have some confrontation with Kumiho during the primogenitors' era, where conflicts were raging wild amongst them.

As the charm primogenitor, her mental attacks and soul-targeting abilities made her a terrifying opponent and forced most of the primogenitors to consider strengthening their soul pain tolerance.

Unfortunately for them, the celestial black flames were nowhere near Kumiho's level...

Instead of their words getting into him, Felix merely grinned widely before disappearing into the inky flames.

The instant his presence was nowhere to be found, the black flames flooded the darkins like a pack of wolves punching on a helpless wounded pray.

The darkins closed their eyes and steadied their hearts for the pain.

Alas, the moment the flames touched their skin, their eyes were snapped wide open, showing blood veins spreading in their whites akin to snakes!

Wendigo and Saurous struggled to break free, their faces contorted in utter agony and desperation.

The flames clung to them like an unbreakable curse, searing their souls with a dark and consuming fire. Each attempt to escape only seemed to intensify their torment!

In less than a couple of seconds, both of them weren't able to hold their voices any longer and two heartwrenching groans were shouted out!

ARRRRGH!! UGHHH!!!...

"WHAT IS THIS!!"

"HOW CAN IT HURT THIS BADLY!!"

Following the groans, the darkins screamed out, seeking answers, but no one was there to respond.

Felix watched them with a cold, unforgiving gaze, his lips curled into a devilish smile. Not an ounce of mercy was seen in his eyes.

He was finally concluding his revenge against his fallen home, family, friends, and loved ones. He might not be free from the shackles of guilt and misery that traumatizing experience brought him, but he was feeling a bit better.

"Who would have thought that the darkins' faction ending would be at the hands of a human." Elder Kraken shook his head with a wry smile.

He knew that if he told anyone about this during the primogenitors era, they would have laughed at his face.

Yet, here they were, burning and screaming at the top of their lung, but nothing was there to ease their agony...Not even the Grim Reaper could save them.

No one was giving them a single look of sympathy...Even the kind Elder Kraken wasn't too bothered with their celestial torture.

The ancestors never considered each other as one race or one big family. In their eyes, anyone who stepped out of line and got his assed handed to him deserves it.

In this case, the darkins didn't just make Felix's life hell ever since he joined the champions' games, they ended his family and made their future plans clear of seeking to target his remaining friends.

They had no shame in the way they fought and they deserve this kind of ending.

"The darkins faction is done for, but those two are still far from serving their purpose." Thor snickered.

"Of course." Felix smiled coldly, "I will make sure to break them before turning them into demonized slaves."

Felix manipulated the time in the illusion domain, making the darkins feel one day to be one millennium.

He could have gone much harder on the time difference, but he simply wanted to break them, not utterly shatter them.

He still wanted to demonize and make them his loyal slaves, and he didn't want retarded versions of themselves.

He was planning to enter the eternal kingdom, so having primogenitors as his backup wasn't too much of a bad idea.

So, Felix scheduled the black flames to turn on and off randomly throughout their punishment period, to give them somewhat of a 'breather'.

But in reality? This made the punishment even worse!

What's more f*cked up than giving a tortured prisoner some rest and leaving him to his mind, knowing that any moment of the day, another round of punishment would begin...

Felix didn't give a sh*t about this heavy mental toll on their minds and began the demonization procedure by absorbing their purities.

He extended both of his hands in front of their ugly twisted faces and started pushing his corruption mist into them.

The darkins neither saw Felix nor felt the depravity mist invading their bodies. Felix made it like this to not get bothered during the process.

"Even while weakened, in pain, and have no clue about it, their bodies are resisting off the depravity reflexively." Felix raised an eyebrow after noticing that his corruption mist was battling to absorb their purities.