Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1547 His First Demonization!

﻿1547 His First Demonization!

"It's expected, we have trained our bodies to their absolute peak forms, and even while unconscious, they can fight for themselves against any invasion," Jörmungandr said.

"Luckily, I have inherited the real deal."

Without hesitation, Felix increased the power of his corruption mist by tenfolds, breaking through the darkins' walls brutally!

If it was any other demon, they would have been unable to pull it off, but as the true controller of the evil energy, the potentness he could push off was unlike any other.

With each tendril of mist that he pushed into their bodies, a visible change overtook the darkins.

Saurous's muscular horse-like form twisted, his noble silver scales turning a sinister shade of crimson as if stained by the blood of the fallen.

Horns, sharp as the daggers of traitors, crown his head, and his eyes burn with the light of a soul succumbing to darkness!Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Meanwhile, Wendigo's body contorted, limbs stretching into distorted shadows of their former grace, his skin became a tapestry of the night sky but as cold and unforgiving as the void itself.

Spikes, like the spears of an unholy army, rose from his spine, completing his transformation into a creature of nightmare, matching well with his dark element.

As this perversion of nature unfolded, Felix's form began to radiate with an unholy light!

The purity of Saurous and Wendigo, once vibrant within them, flew into Felix, drawn out by the same mist that damned them.

'I can feel it empowering my body.' Felix remarked with a delighted tone as he stared at his twitching muscles.

It had been a very long time since his physical strength was empowered due to the lack of opportunities involved and he kinda missed the feeling.

With every ounce of purity that entered him, his power grew, his stature became more imposing, and his eyes glowed with a light that was not his own.

The crimson mist, a tool of corruption in his skilled hands, not only transformed his victims into demons but also served as a conduit, siphoning their inner light to feed his ever-growing hunger for power!

Unfortunately, the purities within the darkins weren't a lot due to their dark and evil nature.

They were utterly merciless and even when their descendants were left on the brink of extinction, they weren't affected emotionally that much.

So, what Felix absorbed was the pure energy produced mostly from their life essence.

Rumble...

When the process finally finished, Felix was surprised to hear a soft thunderclap resounding in his mind...It echoed in everyone's minds in the universe, catching them by surprise.

They weren't surprised by the noise itself, but by how frequently it was happening until they started to wonder if this was even a special phenomenon anymore.

"Is this?"

"You are the first to demonize an actual primogenitor, it will be weird if the universe hasn't responded." Lady Sphinx said.

"I really want to know the source of those thunderclaps." Felix commentated with an intrigued tone.

At this point, he started to feel like they were targeted at him.

He knew that the universe made such sounds before to celebrate the great achievements of other pioneers, like the founder of the origin realm, but he had never heard it in his lifetime without it being related to him.

Even the thunderclap of Nimo's birth was because of him.

"It's best to drop it, everyone tried to figure it out and failed." Lady Sphinx shook her head, "Just think of it as a universal celebration."

Even though Felix had a feeling that there was a much deeper reason than that, he decided to drop it for now, focusing on what matters.

"Umm, will you look at that?" Felix smiled widely, "Who would have thought those buffoons will help me get stronger by at least a hundred thousand BF."

He could sense his body changes to the tiniest detail now and he didn't need to test his strength with a machine to come up with a close estimate.

"Not bad, not bad at all considering that you have already surpassed one million BF," Jörmungandr uttered with a satisfied tone.

"It's a great boost." Fenrir nodded in support.

All of them understood that increasing their strength past one million BF was an unsurmountable challenge and most of them went through the gutter for eons just to improve by a little.

So, an instant hundred thousand BF without any struggle was more than welcomed.

"I wonder how much strength I will get if I absorbed Lady Yggdrasil's purity," Felix murmured, thinking of Lady Yggdrasil's galactical tree size and the potent life within it.

She was one of the epitomes of pure energy owners in the entire universe and Felix had a feeling that his strength might even increase by half a million if he went for her.

Before this thought could be planted in his mind, Felix swiftly shut it down.

'No wonder the paragon mentioned her by name, she was playing with my greed, knowing that I am desperate for strength.' Felix narrowed his eyes.

With Felix's current strength, he could take her down if he wanted...But, he could never go for it since Lady Yggdrasil had helped him way too much in his journey and she was his friend's mother.

Even if he was the new personification of evil energy, he would never stoop that low for the sake of strength...He still has his insanity intact.

"There are other primogenitors." Lord Shiva proposed indifferently, "They are just wasting their time watching those foolish games and being an embarrassment. You might as well do them a favor and take them out."

"No." Felix rejected it immediately. "I have no hostility with them and I am not a psychopath to hunt them down just because I have gotten stronger than them."

When he was below them, not a single primogenitor made a move against Felix even when he kept eliminating their champions left and right.

The only one who caused him some trouble was Kumiho, but she kept it within the game atmosphere and never targeted Felix outside of it like the darkins.

"There are plenty of things to get purities from besides the primogenitors and even if the progress isn't as fast, I would rather go slow than become a bully," Felix remarked calmly.

Most of the primogenitors showed Felix nothing but support, even standing with him against the darkins when they targeted his planet.

He respected their fairness and would do nothing to make them regret giving him a chance to reach this level.

...

A couple of days later...

Felix could be seen sitting in front of demonized versions of Saurous and Wendigo. They still had no clue about their demonization and Felix made sure that its effects wouldn't carry on within the illusion domain and ruin their punishment.

What a punishment it was...

The darkins had suffered more than five thousand years worth of burning on and off with the black flames until despair had consumed them wholly.

"Please...Please end me...I beg you..." Saurous muttered under his breath with a soft voice barely noticeable.

His eyes were voided of hope, pride, arrogance, and dignity...They became a manifestation of void and suffering. If he appeared before other primogenitors, they wouldn't recognize him at all!

As for Wendigo? He had it just as worse...The black flames had consumed his entire personality and defecated an empty shell of his old self.

"I can't...take...any...more."

Their situation was so bad, that the black flames weren't on them at the moment, but their minds were even more terrified.

What's more shocking? This fall of grace happened in the first decade of their torture, which meant, it only took the black flames ten years or less to destroy billions of years of building character...

When Felix and the tenants noticed the drastic changes in them, even they were left with serious expressions.

"Those black flames seem to be the curse of all existence." Lady Sphinx disclosed, "I have no idea how can your body control the real deal."

"Neither do I..." Felix murmured, "Neither do I."