Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1548 The End of The Darkins.

﻿1548 The End of The Darkins.

A week later...

"What do you think? Is it in them to get penalized a bit more?" Felix asked while rubbing his chin as he watched the desolate and numbed looks of the darkins.

"I believe they had enough...They look like empty corpses." Thor replied with a faint snigger.

"He is right, anymore and they might never recover." Jörmungandr agreed.

Even though they hated them to the core, they didn't want them to become broken dolls, incapable of thinking for themselves.

"It felt too short for us," Felix remarked while canceling his black flames, finally deciding to free them from their eternal agony.

While less than two weeks passed in the real world, those two suffered for more than ten thousand years.

It might not seem like much, but the black flames made each second seem eternal, even two of the most terrifying primogenitors were turned into docile silent dolls.

They had screamed, cried, and begged in those years more than all primogenitors did ever since they were born.

Suddenly, Felix appeared in front of them while clapping slowly.

"Congratulations, you have survived your punishment."

When they heard what he said, they lifted their heads and stared at him with deadpan looks, not an ounce of life was seen in their eyes.

"..."

"..."

They lowered their heads again and remained silent. They might have gone through hell, but they still maintained a high level of rationality.

It told them that Felix was merely here to give them false hope before shattering it to pieces to laugh at them...God knows they would have done the same.

Nothing hurt more than having their hope devoured by those black flames.

"Smart of you to not believe me, but I am not joking." Felix disclosed calmly, "I have demonized you and plan to make you my loyal servants. While you can't betray me even if you wanted, I still want to ask your opinion on the matter."

"Do you want to become my servants or burn here for etern..."

Before Felix could finish the rest of his sentence, the darkins yelled with a husky voice simultaneously, "SERVANTS!"

"Damn, you could have acted like you struggled with the decision for a bit." Felix was left speechless.

Saurous didn't care at all about his pride or reputation. He looked at Felix like he was his god and bellowed emotionally, "Servant, slave, demon, I will do and be anything you want to never get touched by those flames again! So, Please! Please, don't burn me anymore...Please."

He was so emotional, that only tears were left from falling to showcase his deep turmoil state.

This was a primogenitor, a god in the eyes of mortals, who was treated with great respect and worship. Dynasties were built around him, empires fell because of him, and many races and species were conceived with his bloodline.

Yet, here he was, on the verge of sobbing...

'I am starting to get inquisitive about how it feels to be under those black flames.' Lord Shiva remarked coldly, 'Are they really that deadly or are those two simply lost the Will of a primogenitor?'

'Likewise, I have to get a taste of it. This is honestly madness.' Fenrir nodded.

Those two had the most pride in their identities as primogenitors and none of them could have imagined there would be a day, where they would witness a peer reach this state.

"I will do anything...Trust me, anything." Wendigo kept it short, but his words were just as bold.

"It's good that I have you on the same page." Felix smiled while snapping his finger, canceling the illusion domain and allowing them at last to feel the changes occurring within their bodies after demonization.

"What the..."

"I feel different like this isn't my body anymore..."

It came as no surprise that both of them weren't a fan of the changes or the coursing evil energy within their veins.

While almost all demons wouldn't feel the deep controlling nature of evil energy, primogenitors had great intuition.

They immediately realized that evil energy had taken ownership of their bodies like a parasite.

While they were given the illusion of free will, they understood deep down that the instant a thought of betrayal came into their minds, the evil energy would retake control over them and make them pay a steep price.

Yet the worst part? Immediately after they lifted their heads and looked at Felix in the eyes, a sudden overwhelming feeling of worship flooded their soul.

It was like they were staring at the most important person in their lives, even more important than their own lives!

No matter how they tried to resist the feeling, it was utterly useless.

"Let's test out your obedience." Felix ordered coldly, "Kowtow before me."

Before they could even consider the thought in their minds, both of their knees buckled and they landed on the ground with a heavy thud. Their arms followed suit and then their foreheads, smacking into the metallic floor...

The entire sequence happened in less than a second like their bodies and minds didn't have a single thought of rejecting Felix's order!

'...'

'...'

While on the ground, Wendigo and Saurous glanced at each other. They could see the desolation and hopelessness in their eyes, which made them both understand, no, accept, that from now on, this was their life...

As much as they hated the thought of it, the memory of getting burned by the celestial black flames was still too fresh in their minds, sending shivers course down their spine each time they recalled the pain.

It was so horrible, that both of them immediately dropped those thoughts of resistance and called out loud with a tone of reverence, "We greet the master!"

"Ohoho, not bad." This painted a wide smile on Felix's face.

He understood that they would always actively try to please him even when they abhor the thought just to keep those black flames away.

"I guess this is the ending of the darkins?" Jörmungandrshook his head with a wry smile, "To see them calling Felix master is truly an image I have never thought would be possible. I knew his capability was always frightening, but I never thought of such a possibility."

Jörmungandrwas more than happy for Felix, but this situation also made him realize that he was truly surpassed by Felix even when he was at his peak form.

It was always a master's wish to see their student become a better version of themselves, surpassing them and breaking their limits.

But in his eyes, it happened way too fast, making him feel like his title as a primogenitor meant nothing anymore.

How could it mean anything when two primogenitors were kneeling before Felix?

So, in his eyes, this wasn't just the ending of the darkins, but also of the primogenitors' supremacy in the universe.

A new supreme being was born today, and through the inner sadness, he was more than joyful to know he was his master and had a hand in his journey.

On the other side...L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Haha, that's because you lack my foresight." Thor laughed in enjoyment, "Ever since I accepted him as my student, I always foresaw the day when he would make the darkins kneel before him. After all, he is my student!"

'Motherf*...' Jörmungandr's eyelids twitched, knowing that he screwed up by giving Thor an opening to reclaim the best teacher status.

Just as he was about to retort, Lord Shiva proposed from the sidelines with a serious voice.

"If you wanna settle who's the greatest teacher, I suggest you eat his black flames and the one to last the longest is the winner."

"I agree, it will determine it once and for all."

"I believe so too."

"I will be the judge."

Fenrir, Lady Sphinx, Elder Kraken, and Lord Loki all chimed in support, causing those two to gulp a mouthful.

They knew that those old bastards wanted nothing more but to see them wiggle in pain, knowing that their rivalry would make it impossible to drop before the other!

"What? Are you scared?" Lord Loki grinned as he fanned the flames, "The darkins have resisted the celestial flames for thousands of years, it's a bit humiliating if you can't take them for a couple of minutes. Don't you think?"

"Don't say that, the Asgardian faction has won the battle at last, how can they be scared of something the darkins resisted?" Elder Kraken shook his head.

Thor's and Jörmungandr's expressions turned a bit ugly the more they listened to their blatant taunts.

"We had enough of your idiotic best-master rivalry." Lady Sphinx proclaimed indifferently, "Either you settle this now with the black flames, or you shut up about it forever."

"You monsters..."