Chapter 1549 Chad Fenrir.

﻿1549 Chad Fenrir.

Still, Jörmungandr and Thor were brothers before rivals, making them able to come up with a strategy with a single glance.

"If it's like this, then I will be the first to admit that my brother Thor is a much better teacher than I," Jörmungandr announced the unthinkable, catching everyone by surprise.

Before they could react, Thor proclaimed while scratching his nose, "Brother Jörmi, you are embarrassing me. We all know that you are the greatest master around here. If it weren't for your first judgment and taking little Felix under your arm, none of this would have happened."

"How can I accept such high praise?" Jörmungandr rubbed his chin with a slight look of pride, "You have taught the kid almost everything while I was backseating."

"Isn't that right?" He inquired while looking at the irked and irritated looks of their peers.

No one was amazed at their shameless act, knowing that those two had no plans to fall in their provocation.

Who could blame them? It was a lose-lose situation.

They would be in needless agony while becoming a laughingstock in the consciousness space.

"Tsk, cowards, all talk no action." Lord Shiva clicked his tongue in criticism while returning to his manga book, not wanting to waste his time with this anymore.

Alas, neither Thor nor Jörmungandr were going to accept his insult in silence.

"At least we didn't talk big about wanting to test out the black flames." Thor pointed at him and Fenrir, "You two should keep your word before you start egging others."

Without a single word of complaint, Fenrir requested expressionlessly from Felix, "Set me on fire."

"Are you sure about it?" Felix asked speechlessly.

He remained quiet the entire time, wanting for the matter to be settled as peacefully as possible without bringing the celestial flames into play.

"Do it,"

Fenrir stood upright in the middle of the central plaza while flexing his hardened muscles...He looked as serious as always, making everyone understand that he wasn't joking around.

"Now that's how a primogenitor should act," Thor remarked with a thumb up, completely ignoring his cowardly act from before.

Everyone rolled their eyes at him and didn't bother bashing him again, knowing that his skin was just too thick for a deity.

"Here I go..."

Felix sighed hopelessly while pointing his palm at Fenrir. A moment later, he launched a pitch-black fireball at him.

<nulli>Whoosh!

The flames enveloped Fenrir, and at first, he stood resolute, trying to endure the agonizing sensation.

"How long do you think he will last before he lets out a sound?" Elder Kraken inquired as he watched in intrigue.

"Fenrir is known for having one of the highest pain tolerance among our circle." Jörmungandr disclosed, "He should last a minute or more."

To put it in comparison, the darkins lasted merely a few seconds before they couldn't contain their voices any longer.

"I say less." Lord Shiva said expressionlessly, peeking from the corner of his book.

"Wanna bet?" Thor supported Jörmungandr.

"The loser will go next." Lord Shiva smiled coldly.

"F*cker, you are going next either way." Thor cursed.

"Tsk, remaining a coward all the way." Lord Shiva taunted, "What a nice image you leave in your student's mind."

"Heh, he is more shameless than me, you think he will care?" Thor sneered.

"Why am I getting strays?" Felix muttered.

Meanwhile, Fenrir was fighting for his life, clenching his teeth, determination etched on his face.

More than ten seconds went by and he remained tougher than a boulder.

Too bad,the intensity of the celestial flames kept getting more overwhelming, and Fenrir's composure began to waver.

Ugh!!

At last, he let out a low growl, unable to contain the pain any longer. His body shuddered, making him know it couldn't endure it anymore!

This surprised the tenants as he barely lasted for half a minute. Yet, the biggest shock came next, as Fenrir made a move out of desperation to stop the flames!

He unleashed his absolute zero, trying to freeze the celestial flames in time and quell their torment. However, to his shock and dismay, the flames remained unaffected by his efforts, defying even the power of absolute zero!

<nulli>AGGHH!! Thud!!

Fenrir's growl of pain turned into an agonized roar as he fell to his knees, incapable of remaining on his feet.

Without waiting for anyone to intervene, Felix canceled the flames' terror immediately, freeing Fenrir at last.

<nulli>Huff, huff, huff...

Fenrir lifted his head with great difficulty and eyed Felix with a deep sense of dread while breathing with great difficulty.

"How was it?" Lady Sphinx asked with a solemn tone.

Whether it was Lucifer or the darkins, none of them gave descriptive feedback on how they felt.

"Give me...a moment..." Fenrir held his hand up while sitting on his back, taking deep breaths in between.

Even though he lasted for less than half a minute, it was clear that the pain had gotten into him deep down.

After he collected his thoughts and recovered a little, he narrated with a look of dread. "I don't know how to elaborate it, but it felt like I was burning in the deepest parts of my soul like the flames were touching some unknown pain receptors in my soul...It was horrifying."

"So, it's mostly soul-related pain?"

"I don't know, I was just feeling pain from everywhere and anywhere at the same time boosted by a million degrees." Fenrir muttered, "It's not something meant to be experienced by anyone."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Everyone showed solemn expressions at his description, understanding that it would be impossible to know how it felt without trying it.

But after seeing Fenrir's ending, no one really wanted to go through it...Even Lord Shiva dropped any thought he had and returned to reading his book, seemingly wanting to disappear into the background.

Luckily for him, Thor wasn't in the mood to joke with him.

"Lord Hades had told you that only the white celestial flames exist and they are born out of pure celestial energy." Thor remarked while eyeing Felix, "So, how is it possible for you to create black flames from celestial energy?"nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"It must be related to Asna's core." Felix shook his head, "I am just a human and I barely have any interactions with celestial matters. She was held prisoner from a young age, and clearly, it wouldn't be possible to know her true capabilities and powers."

Felix refused to believe that the black flames were a special thing connected to him since it made absolutely no sense in his eyes.

It was more likely that Asna could use both types of celestial flames and she never exposed the other type of flames.

"Whether it is related to Asna or you, those black flames can be considered your most powerful armament against the rulers." Lady Sphinx remarked, "I have a feeling even them won't be able to handle the pain born from those flames."

"At this point, I only wish to have access to it against Nimo's alter ego." Felix smiled wryly.

Felix understood that his illusion celestial flames were utterly useless against unigins since they were immune to illusions.

So, he would be fighting without one of his strongest elements and Felix wasn't comfortable with thought.

"Don't think too deeply about it, Nimo's alter ego might be powerful, but he was sealed for a very long time inside the earring." Jörmungandr reminded, "Asna said that the seal sucks out the prisoner's powers significantly, forcing them into a slumber to slow it down."

"That's the only thing giving me some confidence."

Felix's confidence was over the roof after he got his spiritual pressure enhanced, but when it comes to dealing with Nimo's alter ego?

He knew that his spiritual pressure should barely be able to match up with his due to his weakened state.

This meant Felix wouldn't have spiritual pressure, illusion abilities, void domain, and the majority of his elemental abilities.

He would be more or less going into the fight naked even if he possessed all immunities to the seven laws...So, how could he not be bothered?

"I think you should visit him and examine on his current state." Elder Kraken suggested, "You can strategy based on it."

"I know..." Felix seemed a bit hesitant.

His masters swiftly discerned that he wasn't frightened or anything, but worried about a scenario that would ruin his entire plans if it happened.

What if Nimo's alter ego decided to merge with Nimo? Felix would be put in a situation where he would need to choose between devouring Nimo or giving up on this method to save Asna.

Unfortunately, it didn't seem like there were any other ways to become a unigin...