Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1550 Reuniting With Nimo's Alter Ego.

﻿1550 Reuniting With Nimo's Alter Ego.

Felix didn't want to imagine being put in that position as he knew that while the decision was extremely difficult, it would be simplest to make.

"Don't worry, if he wanted to merge with Nimo, he would have reached out long ago," Thor said.

"We will find out later, for now, it's time to receive your gifts."

Felix switched his focus back to his main consciousness, where the darkins were still bowing before him in utter silence.

"You may rise."

At last, Felix allowed them to get up.

"Put your wisps inside my consciousness space," Felix ordered while extending his hand at them.

'F*ck...'

'Sigh...'

The darkins knew that Felix was going to make such a demand, but still, it didn't make them feel any better to hear it.

Although they hated getting humiliated by Felix, at least, he was powerful enough to defeat them and their relationship with him wasn't as strong as the Asgardians.

They had been fighting off against the Asgardian for god knows how long and now they were going to be their slaves, it didn't feel good in the slightest...

Alas, crying about it wasn't going to do anything.

Without delay, the darkins sent wisps inside Felix's consciousness space.

The instant they manifested in the central plaza and opened their eyes, they were left startled by the sight of the tenants' numbers.

"Welcome fresh meat." Thor grinned diabolically while gulping down alcohol like there was no tomorrow.

"It's about time we have some new servants. Bring me grape juice." Lord Shiva commanded almost immediately, not giving a sh*t about their primogenitors' status.

In his eyes, the instant they knelt before Felix, they had lost their title as primogenitors and they were nothing more than high-quality slaves.

"You heard him," Felix uttered indifferently, uncaring about the darkins' sore looks.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Right away..."

Saurous was the first to make a move, teleporting in front of Lord Shiva and creating a purplish grape juice with the gray mist.

"What's this?" Lord Shiva gave him a cold side glance.

"Your juice..."

"I told you to bring me one, not make it." Lord Shiva pointed at the open bar with his eyes and didn't add anything else.

"Okay..."

Saurous swallowed his anger and humiliation as he turned around, wanting to teleport to the open bar.

Alas, before he could do so, Jörmungandr informed, "Servants are banned from teleportation...Always walk."

Saurous nodded in understanding and walked to the open bar under everyone's eyes.

He was feeling like an animal on display, a feeling he never thought a deity like him would ever experience.

Yet still, he had no thoughts of rebelling, keeping his frustration to himself as he made the juice by hand and delivered it to Lord Shiva.

"Candace, you want something?" Felix asked.

"No...No," Candace shook her hands in rejection, feeling a bit overwhelmed.

While Felix and the primogenitors felt absolutely nothing from ordering the darkins around, she was still incapable of accepting them below her.

It was like a mortal ordering a god, even if he could, it wouldn't sit right within him.

"Candy, from now on, those two are the new maids and you should feel comfortable ordering them with anything you desire." Felix smiled as he helped her get some courage, "If they dare reject you or even look at you the wrong way, just tell me."

When Felix said the last part, he manifested the black flames on his palms as he eyed the darkins indifferently.

"I will make sure to show them a good time."

Shivers coursed down Saurous and Wendigo's spine at the thought of getting tortured again.

Without an ounce of hesitation, Wendigo actively walked to Candace and requested with a polite tone, "What does the madam desire?"

"I...I...Water will be fine."

After struggling for a few moments, Candace finally conquered her fears and ordered something.

In a few seconds at best, a cup of water was placed gently in her hand, leaving her staring at it in a daze.

'Is this real life? I am actually above primogenitors in rank within the consciousness space...'

She never thought this would ever be a possibility and it was going to take a while for her to get adapted to her new position.

Meanwhile, the others couldn't care less and they started working the darkins to death with all sorts of requests.

From giving them massages, entertaining them, bringing them stuff, cleaning their houses, overseeing their games, and the list goes on and on.

Some couldn't be bothered like Lady Sphinx while some made sure to let the darkins recognize their worth in their eyes.

Their fall from grace was way too steep and if the other primogenitors saw them like this, they would honestly be left too dumbfounded to react.

...

Meanwhile, Felix had embarked on his journey towards the void nation's dimensional pocket. He didn't ask for help from Lord Khoas since he wasn't in a rush any longer and it would be impolite to keep asking him to transport him here and there.

He wasn't his personal chauffeur after all.

During his journey, Felix decided to pay Nimo's alter ego a short visit. He reached out to his golden earring with his finger and closed his eyes.

The moment a connection was established, his consciousness went inside the earring's spatial space.

When Felix opened his eyes, he was greeted with the same sealing hall without any changes to it.

The soldiers' statues were there, holding tightly into chains, which were connected to a platform in the middle.

Above the platform, a small black flame was flickering nonstop.

The atmosphere was quiet and eerie, giving Felix some flashbacks of his intrusion in his previous life.

Just as Felix was about to step closer, the small black flame started burning intensely and growing bigger until it resembled a giant burning horse with devious red eyes!

Those eyes reflected nothing but utter hatred and anger while they were affixed to Felix.

"You are still alive?" Nimo's alter ego asked with a suppressed tone.

"I am not easily killable," Felix replied without a hint of shame, having no intentions of letting him know that he died and got revived.

"If you are here to persuade me on merging with that soft retard, then you better scram." Nimo's alter ego snickered, "I would rather rot here."

"Stubborn as always." Felix acted like the news bothered him, but in reality, he couldn't be any happier.

"I just have to bid my time, there will come a day where you will die and the earrings will break apart, freeing me." Nimo's alter ego gave a sinister laugh, "I promise you then, I will have you revived and pay you back for everything you have done to me...Everything."

In his mind, the sealing hall could only weaken his powers and not kill him.

Meanwhile, neither Felix nor the earrings were unbreakable and all he needed to do was wait patiently...Nothing more, nothing less.

"I wish you good luck in fulfilling your fantasy." Felix turned around and waved a peace sign, leaving the sealing hall without wasting any more of his time chatting with him.

He entered the sealing hall to figure out his strength, but no matter how hard he tried to sense his powers, he couldn't pick a damn thing.

This wasn't too promising as it made him understand that Nimo's alter ego, even weakened, was still a force to reckon with.

However, at least he got a confirmation that Nimo's alter ego sought sole ownership of his entity and nothing was going to change his mind.

"What's your next plan?" Candace asked with a curious tone as she was receiving a shoulder massage from Saurous, already getting used to bossing them around.

"I have to enhance my physical strength at all costs. I don't know how strong Nimo is, but my physical strength must be a joke compared to his." Felix said with a solemn tone, "Since I can't enter the origin realm, this leaves me with the dragon/devourer marks and absorbing purities."