Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1554 God's Pillar. II

﻿1554 God's Pillar. II

"Don't worry, you want difficulty, you will see difficulty after one minute."

Lady Sphinx's attitude turned composed again as she sat in a floating meditation position in front of the cauldron.

Above her head, a screen appeared that showed the atomic world inside the mixture. The different molecules were in the process of breaking apart and integrating.

Felix focused on the edges of the atomic world, knowing that the dark creatures always invaded the mixture from the edges and aimed to devour the molecules until they reached the center.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

'Wait, why isn't she putting a mental barrier to prepare for the dark reaction?' Felix knitted his eyebrows in confusion.

He knew that potioneers were required to place the mental barrier swiftly and enlarge it as much as possible to protect the mixture before the dark reaction began.

This would allow them to secure a significant chunk of the mixture after the integration process ends and they could move on to the final enhancement step with much larger odds of concocting the potion.

For example, if 30% of the mixture was saved from the dark reaction, the potioneer would have a 30% chance to succeed in his concoction.

Yet, Lady Sphinx kept waiting silently for close to a minute without making a single move.

What's more shocking was the fact that the dark reaction had yet to appear, which should have been impossible in Felix's eyes.

'How is it taking so long to manifest? More than 30% of the molecules have integra...'

Before Felix could finish his thought,a strange and unsettling phenomenon began to unfold within the atomic world of the mixture.

The potion's cauldron emitted a faint, ominous glow as dark, microscopic organisms emerged from the depths of obscurity...These minuscule invaders, shadowy and malevolent, seemed to appear out of nowhere.

The dark reaction was here!

Instead of showing up from the edges like a tidal wave as he anticipated, they surged explosively across the atomic landscape, popping off randomly and uncontrollably!

'What the actual f*ck...'

This sight shocked Felix to his core, forcing him to lean closer with his eyes widened to the limit.

He understood that the only reason dealing with the dark reaction was manageable was due to their predictability, allowing the potioneer to prepare against them!

But this? There was nothing to predict, nothing to defend with mental barriers, as they kept devouring and corrupting the mixture of molecular structure across the entire atomic plane!

How could anyone save the mixture from this? Before this thought could take root in his mind, with swift and deliberate actions, Lady Sphinx conjured protective barriers and invoked a powerful microscopic army of sand-based golden creatures!

She launched the sand army against the dark microscopic organisms, causing a war to rage in millions of different areas!

'It's always fascinating to see Lady Sphinx at her peak state.'

Elder Kraken shared a tone of awe as he watched the sand soldiers armed with tiny weapons that glistered with ethereal energy.

The sand warriors moved in perfect harmony, their movements synchronized like a well-drilled army.

They wielded their tiny weapons with incredible skill, slashing through the dark invaders as they came.

There were even some sand soldiers forming defensive formations, creating protective barriers around the most vulnerable parts of the potion mixture.

'To be able to control such a large sized army close to perfection while also making sure to keep an eye on newly manifested dark microorganisms, damn, I don't think it's even possible for us to pull it off if we were given the same tools.' Thor supported, his eyes showed utter awe.

He might not understand much about potion concoctions, but he knew that Lady Sphinx was using 100% of her mind if not more to keep track of such chaos.

'The mental prowess, intelligence, and elemental manipulation skill required to pull something off like this is on a different level...' Felix murmured while wholly seized by the microscopic war.

He was already considered the second greatest potioneer after Lady Sphinx, yet, while he was watching her work, Felix couldn't help but realize that she was in a different realm than him.

Even if he managed to reach or surpass her potioneer skills, she would always be much more special than him.

That's called the touch of an artist, a master of a field.

Meanwhile, the dark microorganisms, though numerous and relentless, found themselves outmatched by the sand army's determination and prowess. Slowly but surely, the tide of battle began to turn in favor of the defenders!

With each swing of their ethereal weapons, the sand soldiers carved a path through the encroaching darkness.

The dark microorganisms, unable to withstand the onslaught could only fall, their sinister presence diminishing.

After a whole minute, the largest known war in the universe's history was finally concluded in favor of Lady Sphinx after the mixture's integration finished!

Before Felix could check on the mixture size that was saved, the cauldron shook with a sudden burst of energy, causing the ground to quiver!

A golden hue emitted from the cauldron, illuminating the surroundings with an ethereal glow. Felix's eyes widened in awe as he could feel the concoction surging with great vitality.

BOOOM!!

With a sudden burst of force, the lid of the cauldron was blown off, sending it into the sky.

A brilliant cascade of divine light erupted from within, painting the area in a resplendent array of colors.

It was a breathtaking sight, one that seemed almost otherworldly.

But it was the aroma that followed that truly captivated the senses.

A tantalizing fragrance saturated the air, a harmonious blend of the rarest and most exquisite ingredients.

It was a scent that promised power, vitality, and unparalleled strength!

Without much of a reaction, Lady Sphinx picked up the cauldron and poured the silky golden liquid into three spherical glass vessels.

Then, she sealed the potions with corks and placed them on the table before she transformed off the oven.

"Catch."

Lady Sphinx threw one of the potions at Felix, causing him to wake up from his daze and catch it on his chest.

With a look of reverence, Felix sized up the divine elixir, feeling like strength was coursing through his being just by holding it.

"So, is this an appropriate difficulty for you?"

Lady Sphinx smiled a little and took a seat next to the station...Even though she was smiling, sweat drops were seen coursing down her forehead.

"...I kinda wish we just did some rain dance around the cauldron..." Felix commented with a forced smile.

Even for him, this sh*t was on a godly level of difficulty and now he began to understand why Lady Sphinx never bothered to teach the witches rank six potions.

"The war isn't even the hardest part." Lady Sphinx notified with a serious tone, "It's the fact that for rank six potions to succeed, you can't let more than 1% of the mixture get devoured. That's because there is no enhancement step to help out and you need to guarantee its success no matter what."

"Give me a break..." Felix rubbed his temples in concern and fear at the sound of that.

Who could blame him for reacting like this?

It was already close to impossible to find SSS+ natural treasures and if he managed to win the war against the dark reaction somehow, the potion was still prone to failure based on the saved percentage of the mixture.

In other words, if he saved only 90% and the potion failed because of that 10%, he would lose everything in one attempt!

"Don't dwell too much, practice makes perfect." Lady Sphinx stretched her hand at the station and uttered indifferently, "It's your turn."

"Wait a second, I still have way too many questions!"

"Don't care, give it a try first, and let's carry on from there."