Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1555 Testing His Options.

﻿1555 Testing His Options.

Not daring to argue with her, Felix stepped in front of the concoction station and eyed the ethereal glorious materials, feeling like he was tainting them just with his presence.

'I have no problems with the preparation steps, but dealing with that chaotic type of dark reaction is something I am not equipped to handle yet.'

Felix leaned on the table and began brainstorming on the best method to defeat the dark reaction while securing at least 70%+ of the mixture as a start.

'Master used sand soldiers equipped with weapons enhanced by mental energy and was hands-on the entire war, covering every inch of the atomic world.' Felix frowned, 'No matter how much I think about it, I don't see myself being able to copy her method anytime soon.'

Felix would rather think of a much more efficient and simpler method...He understood that his master was forced to use the sand army since she didn't have any better alternative without affecting the integrity of the mixture.

However, in his case, he had a decent number of options to choose from.

'Master said that poison can't be used since it will affect the mixture's integration, but with my current advanced understanding of poison and potion-concoction field, I can create a new type of poison that specifically targets those dark microorganisms.'

Felix always believed that poison would be the greatest solution to the dark reaction. If he managed to create an inducement capable of erasing it, he would easily surrounder the mixture with the inducement before the dark reaction could happen.

When they do appear, they would die almost instantly, not eating even 1% of the mixture.

'There is also a destruction element. If I were able to mark the dark reaction, I could easily use concept destruction and remove it without touching the mixture. It's way easier than the poison method for sure, but...' Felix smiled bitterly.

He understood that his concept destruction ability worked only if had close to a perfect understanding of the target.

He couldn't mark just anything and erase it like when he used to possess Lord Shiva's destruction trident.

With the erasure palm, he had to work tirelessly to understand concepts individually and he still lacked many of them.

Felix already knew that the dark reaction was considered a peculiar phenomenon related to spiritual energy rather than physical microscopic organisms.

He found out by himself after testing his normal destruction energy on the dark reaction in one of his concoctions.

Unfortunately, the destruction energy merely passed through them like they were ghosts, which made him certain that their bodies weren't physical.

This was the reason why his master enhanced her soldiers' weapons with mental energy.

'How can I understand something that even my master has yet to figure out fully?' Felix sighed, knowing that this path was going to lead him either to a dead end or take a significant portion of his time.

'Even my poison method requires me to have a deeper understanding of the dark reaction since I will be using true poison third level, Soul Poison to affect it. I might even need to create a whole new version of Soul Poison for it.'

Lady Sphinx listened to his thought process silently, not wanting to offer him any helping hand at the moment.

At the same time, she didn't rush him to begin the concoction, understanding that he needed to find a strategy fitting him first.

'How about illusion?' Felix thought about it for a moment, 'Is it possible to cast a minimized illusion domain inside the atomic world? It will give me the freedom to do whatever I want to the dark reaction.'

'Let's start with this.'

Felix rolled up his sleeves and started the concoction process by following Lady Sphinx's exact steps, appearing like a male clone version of her.

He was precise and careful, fast, but steady.

Before long, he finished the preparation and placed the mixture inside the cauldron with the pure springwater as the catalyst.

He closed the cauldron and activated his quantum vision...Then, he peered into the mixture, zooming through the cauldron's lid atomic structure until he reached the mixture's area.

'I only have one minute of preparation.'

Felix swiftly released his illusion domain and expanded it at a rapid pace, covering quadrillion upon quadrillion atoms each moment!

With his current mental prowess, he was able to cover the entire mixture's atomic world in less than half a minute.

Then, Felix used his illusion domain to create a fog of concept destruction, releasing it everywhere and waiting for the dark reaction to happen.

In his illusion domain, whatever he said worked as long as the illusion's effect took hold of the target.

So, even if he didn't have an understanding of the dark reaction, he could erase them with his concept of destruction fog through illusion domain!nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Alas...

The instant the dark reaction occurred and the organisms were spawned, they completely ignored the destruction fog and continued their voracious feast on the mixture's molecules, their insatiable appetite unyielding!

Felix watched with a bitter smile as his normally infallible concept destruction proved to be ineffective.

'I guess they are immune to illusions.'

He was more prone to believe that his illusions were ineffective than to think that his concept destruction fog wasn't doing its job.

In his eyes, if those dark organisms were able to get slayed through mental energy, then they were destroyable.

"Reset."

Felix snapped his finger and the entire concoction station returned to its original form. He understood that his concoction attempt had failed and there was no saving it.

"They are even immune to illusions, I really wonder about their origin," Felix remarked with an intrigued look.

"So do I." Lady Sphinx replied.

"Is it possible to learn more about the dark reaction?" Felix requested, "With illusion being out of the picture, I am left with three options, your method, poison, and concept destruction. I prefer eliminating the other two options before using yours."

"I only have a rocky theory for its existence." Lady Sphinx shared, "I believe that the shadowy response occurs when certain elements and compounds react in ways that cannot be explained by conventional alchemical principles. These reactions lead to the creation of this unknown substance, which seeks utter destruction of the end product."

Felix nodded, absorbing the information as he listened intently.

"As for the organisms themselves," Lady Sphinx continued with a serious tone, "They seem to be native to a realm beyond our understanding, a place where conventional science and alchemy cease to apply. It's as if they exist on the fringe of our reality, immune to our attempts to manipulate and control them."

"You mean something like creatures from the quantum realm?" Felix furrowed his brow, intrigued by the complexities of this newfound challenge.

"That's what I believe." Lady Sphinx nodded, "In my attempts to further solidify my theory, I have entered the quantum realm on many occasions, however, my low mental energy forces me to return after a short while, not enough time to truly study the realities down there."

In Lady Sphinx's mind, if the origin of the dark response was the quantum realm, then, there was a possibility to find a approach to lock down their invasion before it could happen.

Felix managed to pick up her thought process, leaving him somewhat baffled.

"Why are you still trying to find ways to deal with the shadowy response though? I can understand you wanting to learn about them, but haven't you already perfected concocting rank six potions?"

In the case of Felix, it was normal for him to seek methods to handle the shadowy reaction, but Lady Sphinx had already conquered them.

He had just witnessed how they got utterly owned during her concoction, not letting them consume even 1% of the mixture!

In other words, her success rate of rank six potions was almost a 100%!

"True, the shadowy response isn't an issue for me when it comes to potion-making, but..." Lady Sphinx uttered calmly, "Who told you that the dark reaction occurs only during potion-concoction?"

"Come again?" Felix was left stunned at such a bombshell.