Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1566 Time for Departure.

﻿1566 Time for Departure.

Two years later...

In a dimly lit laboratory, Felix stood over a concoction that had become the center of his obsession.

The potion mixture, bubbling away in an ornate cauldron, held the key to unlocking his rank-six potion's mastery.

For two long years, he had meticulously trained, honing his control over electromagnetic fields.

His brow furrowed in concentration as he focused his electromagnetic field on the atomic world of the potion.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The moment his field interacted with the molecules, they began to respond. Chemical reactions that would typically take a couple of seconds were now occurring in a matter of milliseconds!

Bonds broke and reformed in a mesmerizing dance of atomic transformation as an incalculable number of snake-like electrical charges roamed through the mixture.

'This is it...I can feel it.'

Felix's heart raced with excitement as he could feel the mixture's chemical reactions were going to be concluded in less than a minute due to his intervention!

30%...50%...60%...80%...

The completion rate kept jumping rapidly as the seconds went by.

After fifty-five seconds hit the mark, the completion rate was at 99%, and Felix doubled down on his focus and effort for the last 1%, not wanting to give up even that to the dark reaction!

When those five seconds concluded and the first signs of the dark reaction was about to merge, the cauldron, which had been bubbling and churning, suddenly stilled.

It seemed as though the very air in the laboratory held its breath in anticipation. Then, it happened.

Booom!!

The lid of the cauldron was blown off with a gentle force, and from within, a radiant golden light poured forth, illuminating the entire laboratory!!

The divine light was ethereal, casting intricate patterns of shimmering brilliance across the walls. It danced and swirled like a celestial ballet, casting an otherworldly glow that bathed the room in a warm and inviting aura.

"I did it...at last, I did it."

Felix disengaged from the atomic world and watched this celestial display with a captivated expression, feeling like he didn't just make a potion, but a divine elixir...

A tantalizing scent wafted through the laboratory, carried on the wings of the divine light.

Felix couldn't help but close his eyes and take in a deep breath, savoring the scent that filled the room.

It was a reminder of the incredible journey he had undertaken, the trials and tribulations he had faced, and the knowledge he had gained. And now, the culmination of his efforts stood before him in the form of the God's Pillar, a potion of unparalleled strength and potential!

"Congratulations!" Candace cheered immediately in his mind, clapping her hands in delight and excitement.

"That's my boy." Thor smirked, "Using my lightning manipulation in ways even I have never explored."

"He has just surpassed Sphinx in crossbreeding and now reached her level in potion mixture while also surpassing Thor in his field." Elder Kraken chuckled, "It won't be long before you won't have anything to teach him."

"I can't wait for that day." Jörmungandr smiled with a pleased look.

All great masters wish for their students to surpass them and reach heights they could have never dreamed of.

Felix was close to the point in his life where his masters could only help him out with pieces of advice.

"You are flattering me, I still have a long way to go." Felix replied humbly.

Even when his spiritual pressure was already ahead of them and he could take down all of them at once, Felix would never have the nerve to look down on his masters disrespectfully by ignoring their teachings.

He had reached this far only because of this attitude and he had no interest in changing it now.

His masters observed his diligence with a silent sense of satisfaction and pride.

Sometime later, Felix could be seen sitting in front of the cauldron while holding the three celestial God's Pillar potions.

"Now, I just need to find the missing key ingredients or crossbreed them somehow to concoct it for real," Felix uttered while juggling the potions in one hand.

The sense of accomplishment had faded away quite fast after remembering that all of this was a mere illusion and if he didn't find the required materials, he might never concoct it in real life.

If it was like that, there was nothing to feel accomplished.

"I think it's time to leave the dimensional pocket. I have to start my exploration across the universe and also focus on devouring deserted planets' purities." Felix decided.

"I think so too." Candace agreed, "We have already uprooted the dimensional pocket with Elder Imyr's help. There is nothing much more to do here."

Felix nodded in approval and requested that she inform his friends about it and prepare for departure.

"Elder Imyr, is it really not possible for you to join us? If everything went right and I entered the eternal kingdom, you will be missing a great spectatorship." Felix stressed, wanting the ancestral dragon to remain within his consciousness space.

He had only seen goodness from him and Felix didn't want him to stay here all alone. Especially, when he probably wouldn't be visiting him ever again.

After all, if he defeated Nimo's alter ego, he would ascend to the eternal kingdom, and if not? Well, he would be dead...This time, probably for real with his soul being erased.

"As much as I want that, unfortunately, I must not leave this place." Elder Imyr smiled kindly, "It's my only way to atone for my crimes and help my wrongly harmed descendants. Plus, if I leave, the dimensional pocket will be closed forever and my offspring will receive another hit to their identity."

Dragons' pride was just as powerful and irritating as the ancient dragons possessed it. The only difference was that the ancient dragons had the strength to defend their pride as they were considered only weaker than primogenitors then.

But now? The dragons were surpassed by humans, the hive race, space worms, and the watchers.

Sure, those were merely powerful exceptions and didn't represent the true powers of their race...But the dragons didn't see it that way.

All they saw was that after Elder Dragon died and green/black clan heads got demonized and perished, their high social status in the universe plummeted.

For a race that possessed a cursed level of pride that was connected to their strength, this was extremely deadly to their identity.

The only reason dragons were still holding strong was because of ancestral dragon's existence, acting like their pillar, and waiting for the day a dragon would arise and reclaim the title of the strongest being in the universe again.

If he abandoned them too, it would be a shattering reality and Elder Imyr didn't want his race to fall any lower.

Felix and the tenants understood all of this from his last sentence.

If it was possible to have Elder Imyr send a wisp of his consciousness with them, then, it would have been great...But, they knew that was also impossible since his consciousness was linked to the dimensional pocket and could not escape it.

The point his wisp left, it would perish since his entire existence was connected to the dimensional pocket and the same went to his wisps.

"If you can't come with us, what if we remained here with you?" Felix suggested, still not giving up on bringing Elder Imyr into his landlord's payroll.

"What do you mean?"

"I can leave a crystal clone here with a wisp of my consciousness." Felix smiled, "I will use the consciousness mirror link technique, which will allow you to stay connected to us always."

"What about your mental energy consumption?"

"It's nothing of a concern." Felix assured him, "My mental energy capacity and recovery are so high, I can afford a hundred clones simultaneously without worrying about exhausting it."

Felix's mental energy already surpassed Lady Sphinx and she was doing this with great ease for a very long time.

It was all about finding the sweet spot of recovering what was lost of the mental energy before it could cause any problems for the user.

Elder Imyr thought about it for a point before nodding his head with a wrinkly crackle, making his face resemble an old turtle. "If it's not too much of a hassle, then, I will gladly accept your offer."

"That's what we like to hear." Thor laughed thunderously as he lifted his wine jar in the air, "Welcome to the family old geezer, cheers!"