Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1568 The Thief Strikes Again!

﻿1568 The Thief Strikes Again!

That's right! After Felix sensed his increase in strength, he noticed that it was so minuscule, that it translated to one hundred BF or even less!!

In other words, he had to devour one thousand planets to increase his strength by ten thousand BF.

This was if he found perfect planets rich with life like this one but inhabitable, which was extremely difficult in this universe.

"I can't say I haven't expected this." Lady Sphinx remarked calmly, "Evil energy feeds off life essence, but mostly off purities. So, if you want somewhat of a decent power enhancements, then you have to devour civilized planets."

"Yeah, I ain't doing that."

Felix didn't spend even a second considering said option. In his eyes, if he went for this, he was nowhere better than Lucifer.

"There are a hundred countless of planets in the universe." Felix remarked calmly, "While it might take me decades or ages to hit a decent power-up through this method, I am fine with it."

Felix reduced his size back to normal and returned to the spaceship with his companions. He fed some of his purities into the darkins, letting them have a breather from the irritating hunger thoughts at last.

For the next months, Felix had killed more than thirty planets in total after spending some time searching them for either natural treasures or elemental minerals.

Some planets have already been discovered while some were still unknown.

He prioritized searching for the unknown ones and if he found a small civilization in it or such, he let Olivia handle the SGAlliance's introduction to them.

The only difference was that he didn't bother to force them to either join or die. If they weren't interested and they wanted to remain in their closed bubble from the universe, he let them be.

The Alexander Kingdom hadn't given Earth such freedom of choice and Felix always wondered how his life would have been if his planet was never discovered by them.

Anyway, the enhancement gotten from those devoured planets wasn't enough to even hit one thousand BF.

The situation was even worse as some planets barely increased his strength by twenty BF.

If it was another demon, he would most likely receive a hundred thousand if not more from a single planet.

Still, Felix didn't change his mind at all and continued on this snail's slow and painful path until finally, his spaceship entered the dwarven empire's premises.

"You guys head towards Vorxara and check on the situation there. Give it a try and see if you can mine some of the Nokksino ingots. But, don't force it, the Nokksino's guardians aren't weaklings." Felix ordered.

Vorxara was known for its massive deposits of a rare kind of elemental mineral called Nokksino ingots.

These minerals were not ordinary; they pulsed with a raw, elemental power, coveted by many across the stars.

However, the planet remained fairly untouched as there were formidable monsters that dwelled in the planet's depths. These creatures, as enigmatic as they were powerful, fed on the elemental minerals, drawing strength and sustenance from the planet's very core.

Their presence had turned the underground into a labyrinth of peril, with caverns echoing the roars of these subterranean behemoths.

The dwarves had been trying to mine this planet for a very long time, but those monsters made it almost impossible.

Even with the alliance's armored forces and technology, nothing could be done against powerful monsters in their homeland.

Since mass destruction weapons couldn't be used in areas marked for mining, the dwarves ended up publicly hiring mercenaries from all races to bring them Nokksino Ingots.

Alas, not many make it out alive with them.

"Where are you going?" Selphie asked.

"I have some matters to manage in the capital." Felix anwsered, "I will link up with you on Vorxara."

"Okay, good luck."

Selphie wished with an innocent smile, having no clue that she was wishing Felix good luck on stealing the royal family's treasury.

"Thanks." Felix's eyelids twitched as he entered Candace's aircraft.

***

In the deep heart of the Dwarven Empire, nestled amidst the labyrinthine stone halls and grand archways, lies the Royal Family's Treasury.

A bastion of wealth and artifacts, the Treasury was a symbol of the Empire's power and history.

On this fateful day, the air within these hallowed chambers stirred with an unnatural chill, heralding the arrival of an unexpected visitor.

Felix walked inside the treasury from a void rift while making sure to coat himself with his spiritual pressure, making it impossible for any detection tool or ability to notice him.

As he emerged from the void realm, the lavish opulence of the Treasury encircled him.

Walls lined with precious metals and gems, artifacts of immeasurable value and ancient lineage, all lie under his gaze.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"My nethersteel is still there," Felix murmured after his eyes landed on a purplish metal cube sitting on the biggest platform in the treasury.

"You mean a piece of random metal painted purple?" Candace giggled, taking Asna's job of keeping Felix's shamelessness in check.

She also received Felix's special treatment as he ignored her completely, treating her jabs as air.

"Starfire Opal, Aetherium Crystal, Voidstone...Damn, I didn't take a closer look before and my knowledge was lacking. But this place is surely loaded with amazing treasures." Felix remarked with an eyebrow raised in surprise.

All of those mentioned elemental minerals were considered on the same rank as SSS natural treasures and it was near impossible to find them on the outside without some godly luck!

"It's expected, this treasury is the dwarves' heart and soul." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "Any dwarves found such rare minerals, they gift them to the royal family for the sake of having someone worthy enough to craft an artifact with them."

"How noble and selfless." Felix shook his head while picking one of those treasures and putting it in his spatial card, "Humans really need to do better and work out their greed. It's a shame we aren't morally upright like dwarves."

"..."

"..."

"..."

This time, even the tenants were left speechless at his blatant shamelessness to lecture the human race while he was stealing the dwarves' property...For the f*cking second time!

"Such a shame...Oh, is this Terra Emerald? They even have two of them, hehehe, lucky me."

The tenants could only watch in utter silence as Felix skipped from one platform to another, not leaving a single elemental mineral behind.

Fortunately for the dwarves, he had no use for the artifacts, so he left them in their places.

After a few minutes, most of the platforms were now empty, having nothing of value to display...But not for long.

Felix brought his hands together and closed his eyes, and then he cast small bubbles of illusion domains on top of those platforms.

Next, the same rare elemental minerals manifested and resembled the real deal by 100%...He used this method to avoid wasting his illusion energy.

"Well, they may not be able to use them for now, but I promise that I will give them the rest of their details after analyzing them." Felix gave his word to the treasury yet again.

"What if you died?" Candace asked.

"Then those treasures can be uttered to have been lost for the sake of love." Felix coughed, "Is there any greater purpose?"

"You are really something special..." Candace rolled her eyes at him.