Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1572 An Emergency Meeting III.

﻿1572 An Emergency Meeting III.

"Who is this kid? Why are Sauro and Wenni giving off a weird vibe?"

Suddenly, the silence was broken by Lady Phoenix's questions...She sounded genuinely curious after watching everyone's bizarre reaction to his statements.

She didn't even believe the notion that Felix had enslaved the darkins and many other primogenitors in the council also refused to accept this reality.

Sadly, the sight of Saurous and Wendigo lowering their heads in utter silence in their demonized forms didn't help their decision much.

"It's a pleasure to meet you lady Phoenix." Felix introduced himself politely, "I am Felix Maxwell, a member of the Asgardian faction and the previous supreme leader of the SGAlliance."

"Nice to meet you too." Lady Phoenix asked again with a tint of wonder, "Did you really enslave those two? Was I asleep for too long that non primogenitors have overtaken us?"

She didn't seem pissed or ashamed at the notion of her peers being enslaved. She was merely puzzled about how could it happen in the first place.

'I knew that little kid has gotten dangerously powerful to kill us, but enslave us?' Erebus frowned, 'There is no way the darkins will allow this to happen even if they experienced the worst kind of pain for billions of years.'

'They have gotten demonized...Does this mean the Asgardian's son has become a demon too at the level of Lucifer?' Elder Aspidochelone thought to himself.

He wanted to reach out to Felix's masters and get the full picture, but he knew that they wouldn't be telling him anything.

The rest of the attendants' ears perked up, desiring a full explanation too.

The only reason most of them didn't seem outraged or bothered with the notion of their peers being enslaved was because the darkins' had already fell out with them.

If Felix enslaved Lady Yggdrasil, Elder Aspidochelone, or another decent and neutral primogenitor, he would receive a totally different reaction.

"My apologies, but I am not here to discuss anything else besides the purpose of this meeting."

Unfortunately for them, Felix refused to dive deeper into this situation.

Just as he wanted to steer the conversation back to the main subject, Lord Marduk spoke with a rough stern voice.

"Kid, you can't just enslave primogenitors and skim over it...Explain yourself."

Lord Marduk was already not too pleased with Felix acting brazenly ever since he stepped into the council. Then, he said he wanted to sell the damning information without respecting his presence.

Now, he was arrogant enough to dismiss a primogenitor's question when it was related to their peers.

He wasn't having it at all.

"You want an explanation? Sure." Felix shrugged his shoulders as he ordered the darkins, "Speak."

The darkins lifted their heads and looked at everyone with hollow eyes, voided of any pride, honor, or life. The only emotion reflected in them was shame.

"We have chosen him as our master willingly, everyone should mind their business."

"What he said."

The darkins also didn't bother explaining how they became like this and simply directly shut down anyone's attempts to help them out.

They knew of Felix's strength more than anyone and they feared their fate if they showed just a tiny bit of dissatisfaction by being around Felix.

"You heard them." Felix disclosed calmly, "Now, can we take our seats and discuss the truth about your existence? I know that this has been a lifetime goal for most of you."

Although Lord Marduk and the rest knew that those two were saying this against their will, none of them wanted to remain on the subject anymore.

Being shut down once was enough.

'Kid, don't do this. You know that spreading such news might cause the downfall of the universe, is that what you want to see?' Lord Marduk warned telepathically.

'Nothing of such sort will happen.' Felix replied calmly, 'And if it did? I have it covered.'

'Have it covered?' Lord Marduk's tone grew colder, 'Boy, you have been acting too mighty and disrespectful for a while now. I was patient enough to excuse your attitude, but if you think that being able to defeat the darkins is enough to class you above us, you will be in a world of pain.'

'Now, listen to me...Take that suicidal lunatic and your masters, and leave this place at once while I am still asking nicely.' Lord Marduk concluded with a bit of his authoritative spiritual aura released, 'I won't repeat it again.'

Felix sensed his overbearing aura encompass him, but he didn't bother to defend against it or overpower it with his spiritual pressure.

He simply affixed his indifferent look at Lord Marduk for a moment before opening his mouth.

'Lord Marduk, I tell you right now that you don't scare me at all. If you are interested in making a better deal with me, then I will gladly accept it and leave this place. If not, I am afraid everyone here will learn the truth.'

After being put in this situation, Felix came up with a plan to take advantage of Lord Marduk's unique creation powers.

In his eyes, why bother exploring the universe for new SSS natural treasures when he could crossbreed new ones with his illusion domain and use Lord Marduk's creation domain to bring them to reality?!

Since Felix wasn't immune to creation elements, it meant he would be able to utilize anything created from said element!

It was a much more reliable plan than his current one, which depended heavily on luck. Plus, if Lord Marduk threw one or two new techniques, then he wouldn't be complaining at all.

Lord Marduk turned to Felix's masters when he realized that threats weren't working on Felix.

'Are you guys approving of this? You do understand that I am a man of my word and if I said your little boy is going to regret this, I won't go back on it?' He said while staring at Lady Sphinx and Elder Kraken specifically.

He respected them more than even some elemental lords due to their research results and the value they provided over the years compared to many other primogenitors.

Alas...

'Lord Marduk, this is between you and him.' Lady Sphinx shook her head, 'Whatever happens, I won't hold it against you.'

'I am just here to catch up with old friends.' Elder Kraken smiled kindly while sitting next to some of his old pals, 'Please, don't bring me into this.'

'Lord Marduk, I suggest you consider making a deal with him.' Thor mentioned with a serious tone, 'Our enemies are one and he is trying his best to finish what you started.'

'Actually, it will be much easier if we have you on our side as we need all the help possible to enter the eternal kingdom.' Jörmungandr supported.

'Mmmm.' Fenrir nodded silently.

'Marduk, don't be such a stubborn bull.' Lord Loki joined in with a solemn tone unlike his usual demeanor, 'First, everyone deserves to know the truth, and secondly, the little demon actually has the biggest chance to bring some hell to those eternal kingdom's scum. You know that no one else hates them more than me.'

'Marduk, you know that I don't like nonsense.' Lord Khaos added emotionlessly, 'In this situation, you are either with us or against us.'

On the other hand, Lord Shiva merely gave him a middle finger without bothering to lift his head from his book.

Each of Felix's masters and tenants reached out to Lord Marduk in their own ways to convince him to take Felix's side.

After all, the enemy of my enemy is a friend.

Lord Marduk might care about his face a great deal, but he also desired the fall of the eternal kingdom just like them.

If it wasn't for this, he wouldn't have attempted to erase the universe with his peers.

When Lord Marduk saw that so many of his close friends were on Felix's side and that his end goal was the destruction of the eternal kingdom, he remained silent for a while.

He turned to Felix and stared directly into his eyes...Felix remained composed and silent too, having no interest in begging anyone anymore.

If he wanted to join the cause, then great, he was more than welcome, if not and he desired to become his enemy for real, then it was also great.

He could dominate Felix after defeating him and getting all the advantages of having a creation ancestor under his payroll.

As for being scared of him? Hell, Felix was about to confront an actual unigin, if he got scared by a primogenitor, he should reconsider his battle with Nimo's alter ego.

'Your eyes, you are a strange little child. Do you really accept you can take me down? You genuinely believe it from the bottom of your heart?' Lord Marduk remarked with an interested tone.

'Yes.' Felix calmly replied without an ounce of hesitation.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Haha, hahahahaha, hahaahahah!" Lord Marduk roared in laughter, causing all to raise their eyebrows in surprise at his sudden outburst.

Before they could understand what was happening, Elder Marduk placed his hands on Felix's shoulders and uttered with a sinister smile, "Fine, little one, you want a deal? Felix will decide when I see what you are capable of. Meet me at this location in a month...Don't be late."