Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1573 Sometimes My Genius is Almost Frightening.

﻿1573 Sometimes My Genius is Almost Frightening.

Lord Marduk forwarded the location's information to Felix and left the meeting without bothering to explain anything to his peers.

Felix glanced at the location details for a few moments before he lifted his head and looked around him...Almost everyone was giving him curious or bewildered looks, knowing that those two must have a telepathic discussion, which ended in some sort of a battle.

"My apologies, there is a change of plans," Felix informed with a composed expression while sharing the location's details, "There was a difference between me and Lord Marduk that needs to be solved in person. If you want to learn the truth about your purpose in life, join us. Also, the price is all the natural treasures and elemental minerals in your treasury."

"Please don't play games, you are above it." Felix nodded his head politely and excused himself, "Until we meet again."

He left with the darkins and some of the tenants...Elder Kraken, Thor, and Jörmungandr remained behind.

Elder Kraken wanted to catch up with his pals while those two stayed behind for one reason.

Their demeanor was marked by smug confidence, a stark contrast to the solemnity and tension that pervaded the room.

"Sheesh, it sure wasn't easy to teach such a remarkable genius with infinite potential. I say this was much harder than even creating an ultimate ability. Don't you think so?"

"I wholeheartedly agree, brother Thor." Jörmungandr played along with a deep sigh, "Who would have thought we would create a monster capable of standing up to Lord Marduk in less than two centuries? Sometimes my genius is almost frightening."

The chamber, usually a place of composed discourse and ancient wisdom, was filled with the boisterous tones of Thor and Jormungandr.

Their bragging, laced with an unmistakable sense of pride, echoes off the cosmic walls, filling the space with a narrative of mentorship and triumph.

"..."

"..."ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"..."

Around them, the other Primogenitors listened, their expressions ranging from vexation to annoyance.

Eyelids twitch in barely concealed irritation and incredulity as they process the duo's shameless patting on the back.

The worst part? None wanted to interrupt them, knowing that many of them had doubted, mocked, and laughed at them after hearing about their decision to co-teach a human.

Now that Felix was at the top of the ladder and in control of the whole narrative, the time to shut down the doubters was finally here and those two were too petty and prideful to leave it be.

No wonder Fenrir and Lady Sphinx left swiftly.

"Assholes, we are really not in the mood to listen to your boasts." Cherufe cursed in irritation while huffing smoke out of his nostrils, "You brought us here, teased us with the truth, and decided to gather us in the real world? Isn't your precious student getting a bit too cocky?"

"Don't blame our student, blame it on Lord Marduk." Thor sneered, "It's clear he is the one who interrupted this meeting or are you too scared to offend him?"

Cherufe got pissed off immediately at being called out.

"He is right Cherufe, something is weird going on between Lord Marduk and Lord Shiva. I believe it is related to the reality of our existence." Siren mentioned with an angelic voice.

Everyone knew that if Lord Marduk had no clue about their purpose, he wouldn't have caused such a scene and would have listened patiently like them.

"I think all lords are on this." Erebus remarked coldly, "They all followed after the kid, Lord Marduk, and Lord Shiva. Somehow our meaning must be tied to the conflict between Lord Shiva and the lords. Who knows, they might have wanted to eliminate him after realizing he was planning to share it with us."

"You are saying the lords know about our purpose and have been hiding it all this while?" Kumiho's charming smile was nowhere to be seen.

If such a heavy accusation was proved right, it was enough to set everyone's hearts ablaze in anger.

Who could blame them? They had all said that whoever found the reality of their purpose in this universe must share it with the rest.

It was a Right above conflict, schemes, grudges, and everything else.

"Let's not rush to wild assumptions." Elder Aspidochelone asked Felix's masters, "Brothers, I know that you have the same information as your student. So, please ease our confusion."

"Sorry guys, but you have heard Felix." Thor shook his head, "In a month, you will get your truth, just bring your payment and prepare yourself mentally for it...That's all I can tell you at the moment."

Knowing that this half-assed answer wasn't going to satisfy them, Thor and Jörmungandr decided to take a hike at last, not wanting to get grilled with questions.

After they left, everyone turned to Elder Kraken.

"I guess this is my queue. It was nice to see you again guys, and let's catch up later on."

Without an ounce of hesitation, he left the council hall.

The primogenitors remained staring at each other with a mixture of emotions...Mostly negative.

One by one, they said their goodbyes and exited the council, wanting to prepare for the journey.

After a few moments, only Cyclope and Lady Yggdrasil were left behind, sitting at the far corners of the hall.

"You know?"

"Yes."

Both of them smiled bitterly.

Unlike the others, those two had a closer relationship with Felix and knew many of his secrets even if they didn't have their awareness spark inside his mind.

"How did you feel when you first heard about it?" Cyclope asked.

"A bit bothered, but I have accepted it." Lady Yggdrasil smiled, "I understood that this is just life. We create and we get created. As for the purpose? I have lived mine to the fullest and I accept no other meaning but it."

"I am glad we share the same mentality." Cyclope chuckled, "I loved every moment of my forging journey, and if it brought some sort of enjoyment to those beings, so what? It didn't affect my life at all."

"I kinda wish the others would have the same reaction...Alas." Lady Yggdrasil shook her head.

Both of them understood that it wasn't going to be easy for the others to accept their purpose...Unlike them who found passion in their divine/runic inscriptions and ignored everything else, the rest had nothing much going on in their lives.

They had done everything that needed to be done and now they were merely wasting their years away in boredom.

If they were ever to hear that their entire life was a mere experiment to entertain the beings in the eternal kingdom, it would shatter most of them.

"What do you think that boy is up to?" Cyclope inquired with a solemn tone, "He even offended Lord Marduk in the process."

"I don't know the full picture, but he aiming for an unbelievable challenge and requires all the help possible to get stronger." Lady Yggdrasil anwsered.

"What's more unbelievable than Lord Marduk?" Cyclope frowned, "Don't tell me he is trying to target a unigin?"

"I believe so." Lady Yggdrasil validated it.

"This...Has he lost his mind or does he have something to rely on?"

"I guess we will find out during his fight with Lord Marduk." Lady Yggdrasil remarked.

"Sigh, I genuinely don't know how he will win against him." Cyclope shook his head, "Even Lord Shiva would be put in a binder."

"I think so too...Lord Marduk is the perfect all-rounded primogenitor with no weaknesses." Lady Yggdrasil suddenly smiled, "Yet, I somehow feel like we will be in for a surprise."

"Well, that boy is known for making miracles." Elder Cyclope said with a wistful look, "I really hope that he uses my masterpiece, the cosmosbreaker, to win the battle."

In Elder Cyclope's eyes, if Felix won with his masterpiece, then, he could proudly claim universal-wide that he had forged the greatest divine weapon of all time.

No one could take it from him for generations to come!