Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1578 Unwilling To Bow Down.

﻿1578 Unwilling To Bow Down.

'Controlling even neutral energy is crazy.' Candace expressed with an astounded tone.

She understood that while Felix could use his abilities just fine, he would not be able to recover his lost energy unless he utilized elemental stones or such recovery-assisting objects.

In his case, it was no longer efficient to utilize such a method since his tank was enormous and his abilities consumed significant amounts with each pop!

'He is telling you that you can't drag this fight into a draw even if you wanted.' Thor remarked with his eyes narrowed.

'I am still not interested in playing by his rules.' Felix expressed coldly, 'I am no longer in a position where I allow myself to get tested against my will.'

Felix desired Lord Marduk's help, but only if he treated him as a peer. He had demonstrated that his spiritual pressure was higher than him, so that was already enough to put a stop to such shenanigans and sit with him to continue their deal.

But, Lord Marduk created this chessboard and wanted Felix to dance in those realities like his acceptance was the most desirable thing in this universe.

'F*ck off.' He thought.

Just as Lord Marduk began constructing another chessboard, Felix interrupted him indifferently, "Others can simp all they want for your techniques, I am not interested. Either we agree on a draw and sit this out to continue with our deal, or, I will leave this place and finish my meeting with the primogenitors...Your choice."

'Who is he calling a simp? What does a simp even mean?'

Erebus and the rest of the primogenitors didn't seem too pleased with Felix's statements.

They didn't know what he called them, but they could feel that he was insulting them on the low.

Still, they kept their dissatisfaction to themselves, knowing that Lord Marduk was going to humble down his ego in a bit.

In their eyes, there was absolutely no way Felix would leave this place unless Lord Marduk allowed him to.

Since the entire galaxy was made out of his creation element, it meant that even the laws were on his side and the primogenitors had absolutely no control over them.

In other words, no one here could open spatial rifts, void rifts, or any escape ability that would utilize the galaxy's elements and laws.

"You must be thinking of escaping through using totality collapse plus a spatial rift after getting rid of my creation elemental energy in the area...All I can say is, give it a try." Lord Marduk chuckled, causing the space to rumble as a supernova occurred nearby.

Lord Marduk wouldn't be a master strategist if he hadn't already thought about this and had a way to counter it.

Felix knew that he wasn't bluffing...So, he never had thought of using such an obvious method.

"Let's see if you can stop me after using this." Felix smiled coldly as he enveloped the surrounding space in his illusion domain, a realm where reality bends to his will.

As the illusion domain took hold, the cosmos around them began to morph and shimmer.

Within this altered reality, Felix summoned his black celestial flames, flickering and dancing against the pitch-black darkness.

If it wasn't for the primogenitors having perfect vision, they wouldn't have spotted it at all.

While the darkins' felt shivers course down their spine at the sight of these nightmarish flames, the rest of the primogenitors had mostly puzzled and puzzled expressions.

'What are those flames?'

'They resemble flames, but feel nothing like it.'

'Phoenix, do you recognize those flames?'

The primogenitors turned immediately to the flames expert amidst them, just to get answered with a shake of the head.

'Those are not flames born out of fire.' She replied with a curious tone as she watched the celestial flames rise around Felix.

They burned with an intensity that defies conventional understanding.

Meanwhile,Lord Marduk, observing the flames, initially appeared perplexed. His eyes were narrowed as he studied the peculiar fire.

'What is this?' he murmured, a rare hint of bewilderment in his voice.

The flames did not conform to any elemental energy he knew or had created; they were an anomaly, a puzzle that demanded his attention.

Then, realization dawned upon him.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

'Don't tell me? No, it can't be?!'

His eyes widened in recognition, and a deep sense of shock took hold.

'Celestial flames,' he breathed out, the words heavy with significance. 'But how? I was told they were white and no one could utilize them besides those beings!'

When Lord Marduk noticed that Felix had created a spatial rift amidst the black flames and was stepping inside of it causally, he channeled the vastness of his power, unleashing a barrage of elemental attacks toward Felix!

The cascades of fire, torrents of water, bolts of lightning, and sharp spatial blades surged through the cosmos, a spectacular display of his control over the fundamental forces of nature!

However, as these elemental forces reached the boundary of Felix's illusion domain, they encountered an unexpected defense: the celestial black flames.

The flames reacted not just to the physical properties of the elements but to their very essence!

The fire was extinguished as if it were mere paper, water evaporated before it could quench the flames, and lightning dissipated into nothingness!

The celestial flames burned through them effortlessly, their power extending beyond mere physical destruction.

Marduk watched in astonishment as his attacks were nullified...This confirmed his suspicion as he knew that celestial flames were the bane to all elements and laws, even his creation element was nothing before it!

They could burn through spirits, energies, elements, laws, and anything else Felix wills them to!

When he noticed that Felix was about to disappear through the spatial rift, unbothered by the stunned looks of the primogenitors, he reached out with a sense of urgency.

"Wait! Let's talk things out!" he called out, his voice echoing across the illusion domain.

"Oh, now you wanna talk?" Felix sneered in displeasure.

'I will hand you all the elemental techniques I have mastered. You just have to tell me how are you using celestial flames?' Lord Marduk offered mentally without nonsense.

'Hmm? How do you know about them?' Felix asked with a startled look, halting himself from leaving.

He understood that Lord Marduk was extremely knowledgeable, but still, celestial flames were a concept only known in the eternal kingdom.

Unless a unigin informed him about them or he visited the place, there was no way to find out such information.

'Let's talk somewhere else, I think we are both done with this silly game.' Lord Marduk suggested while opening a spatial rift at a near distance to Felix, inviting him to go through it.

'Silly game? He sure made a 180-degree switch the instant celestial flames were introduced.'

Felix and the tenants' eyelids twitched at Lord Marduk's attitude switch.

'How can I trust you?'Felix said as he eyed the rift warily.

'I give you my word that I have no interest in fighting you any longer.' Lord Marduk said with a serious tone, 'Anything related to celestial flames is something I would not joke about. If you don't trust me, bring your masters and allies with you.'

In the consciousness space, everyone gave Felix a head nod, letting him know that Lord Marduk wasn't of the type to go against his word.

Thus, Felix exited his own spatial rift and stepped into the other, knowing that even if there was some foul play, he still had to check.

The temptation of obtaining new elemental techniques was too much to resist.

Lady Sphinx and the tenants in the area followed him, having no plans of leaving him on his own.

When everyone went through, the spatial rift was closed and Lord Marduk's enormous cosmic projection disappeared.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Most of the primogenitors were left staring at each other speechlessly, having no idea how to react to this development.

They didn't listen to the telepathic conversation between Felix and Lord Marduk, which made it even harder to accept that those two were just at each other throats before they retreated together peacefully, leaving them standing alone in the cosmic wind...

Cherufe took a deep breath to hold in his anger and then asked his peers, "Now what?"

"What else? We wait." Erebus replied in irritation, not too pleased with how things turned out. Most of his peers shared his sentiment.

Who could blame them? They came here to receive information about their purpose in life and were shown that new elemental techniques were available.

In the end, they neither got those techniques nor found out about their purpose...Even the bets were considered as voided since the fight ended with no result and no one was allowed to bet on a draw.

In battles related to primogenitors, most of them end up in draws, which was unfun if everyone made a bet on it.

"Well, this feels like sh*t." Kumiho swore under her breath.

The fact that they wanted vital information from Felix and Lord Marduk, two beings more powerful than them by a significant amount, made it even harder for them to do anything about this treatment.

All they could do was wait patiently for them to return...