Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1583 The Unfiltered Truth.

﻿1583 The Unfiltered Truth.

Lord Marduk genuinely admired Felix after realizing the hell he went through in his journey to reach this height.

While death was considered the ending of everyone's stories, Felix rose higher than it and made the ruler of the underground his companion in crime.

How could he not respect him?

"I appreciate the kind words, but I haven't planned for my journey to be like that." Felix shook his head, "The stream of fate is just pushing me around, and I still have yet to gain full control of my destiny."

In the eyes of others, Felix's life would be seen as an adventurous adventure with many ups and downs. But, if it was up to Felix, he would have rather settled down with Asna somewhere peaceful and cozy, living their lives in harmony. Maybe, just maybe, bear children to some rascals to light up their life.

Alas, it was impossible to do this without freeing her first. Felix refused to live his life with Asna in an illusionary world with illusionary children.

So, no matter how he thought about it, those beings had to be eliminated for him and Asna to gain their genuine freedom and the only path to achieve this goal had to be this perilous...

"You know, Lord Zurvan has told us that he saw a glimmer of hope in the far future to take them down without needing to destroy the entire universe out of spite."

Lord Marduk reached to Felix and placed his hands on his shoulders. He smiled sincerely and said, "I am starting to think he was speaking about you. Whether it is true or not, I will be honored to be part of your journey."

"I don't know much about his prophecy, but I have met him and realized that his foresight is infinite." Felix remarked with a solemn tone, "So, whether he is talking about me or something else, I don't care. I will do whatever it takes to rescue Asna, nothing more, nothing less."

Deep down, Felix also felt that Lord Zurvan seemed to be manipulating many events that made him attain his current level.

For example, he could have stopped the elemental lords from coming up with the plan to destroy the universe before Lord Shiva had invested so much in it and refused to back down later on.

Because he did it in that manner, a significant chunk of the universe was erased, the demon race came to be on the other side, and Felix obtained Lord Shiva's manipulation plus Lucifer's evil energy manipulation.

The watchers were trapped and couldn't dominate the universe, leaving the dragons to become the superior race and give a chance to other races to arise and create the SGAlliance.

With the birth of the SGAlliance, Earth was discovered in Felix's time. Instead of growing and turning into a wasteful young master of a business empire, his path shifted to becoming the greatest human ever born.

Not to mention the fact that Lord Zurvan was the one handing out the golden earrings to Felix, which possessed the only method to seal an actual unigin.

Those thoughts were always on Felix's mind and he didn't know anymore what was considered a accident or a preplanned outcome...

It was quite freaky and mentally consuming, so, Felix always shut down those thoughts and focused on what the next thing he could do.

Whether it was a accident or he walking on a paved path, the result and his goal remained the same...Now and always.

...

Sometime later...

Lord Marduk had officially joined the team by placing a wisp of consciousness inside Felix's mind and accepting to share the truth with the rest of the primogenitors.

While he was a bit arrogant and cared about his face a big time, he wasn't childish enough to prioritize it over a greater purpose.

There was no greater purpose for the primogenitors than to obtain their revenge on their creators.

Thus, after some planning and fine-tuning, Felix and his companions agreed on the best method to deliver the news while making sure its aftereffects wouldn't result in a catastrophe.

...

Felix, accompanied by Lord Marduk and his companions, exited from a spatial rift in front of the primogenitors' assembly.

When they saw how Felix and Lord Marduk were close to each other, they couldn't help but raise an eyebrow in surprise.

"Are they close buddies now or what?"

"Seems like it."

"I am kinda curious about what happened in the backstage between them."

Chatter broke among the primogenitors' ranks, each with their own opinion on the whole matter...Fortunately, Felix didn't leave them guessing for long.

Felix addressed the assembly in a clear, commanding voice. "The time has come to reveal the truths you seek. But knowledge of such magnitude comes with a price. It's time to pay up."

'Tsk, I guess he really was serious about it.'

'Whatever, it's just some useless natural treasures and rocks.'

'Shameless as ever.'

There was a moment of reluctant acceptance among the Primogenitors...With a few grumbles and murmurs of discontent at Felix's blatant extortion, they each produced a spatial ring. Then, they sent them floating towards Felix.

Felix received the rings, inspecting each with a discerning eye.

He was pleasantly surprised with the quantity and quality of the treasures, not expecting the primogenitor to be this rich.

However, whenhe reached the ring sent by Lady Phoenix, he noticed something unusual...The ring, unlike the others, was nearly empty!

Felix immediately glanced at her with a speechless look.

Lady Phoenix, her form flickering like a gentle flame, spoke with an apologetic sheepish tone. 'I'm sorry, little one. That's everything I have. I've spent most of my time in slumber, disinterested in the collection of such useless objects.'

Felix regarded Lady Phoenix, his expression softening.

'No problem.' He replied with an understanding tone. 'Instead, I would like ask a favor of you.'

Felix had no issues with giving her the information for free since he was using her bloodline on Malak without her permission...But, it wouldn't hurt to take advantage of this situation and get a favor from her.

'What is it?'

'I have a dear friend who is using your bloodline. I don't want to bore you with the details of the human race cultivation system, but I would wish that when she awakens a wisp of your consciousness inside her mind, permit her to obtain your ultimate ability.' Felix added with a sincere tone, 'Whether you agree or not, it wouldn't change my mind on telling you the truth.'

Felix understood that asking for primogenitors' ultimate abilities wasn't really a small favor...So, if she rejected him, he would understand and wouldn't push for it any harder.

Fortunately, this was Lady Phoenix he was addressing.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

'Oh, I don't understand your request fully, but as long as it wouldn't affect my slumber, I don't care.'

'I am thankful for your trust.' Felix nodded in appreciation.

Felix had nothing to lose by making such a request and Malak had everything to gain...So, he didn't mind helping one of his most trusted and loyal subordinates, not out of the goodness of his heart, but simply out of convenience.

"Are you satisfied? Can you tell us now?" Cherufe asked with an impatient tone.

Felix, with a calm demeanor that belied the gravity of his words, began to reveal the staggering truth.

He told them that their entire existence, the saga of their creation and purpose, was orchestrated for the mere entertainment of higher beings, entities beyond their comprehension and reach.

This revelation, that their lives and struggles were part of a mere grand spectacle, sent shockwaves through the assembly.

The reaction among the Primogenitors was visceral.

Faces that had seen the birth of stars and the formation of galaxies now registered disbelief and shock.

None of them wanted to believe Felix and some even outright cursed him out loud for bullsh*ting them...However, Lord Marduk and the elemental lords' unflinching expressions made them understand deep down that he must be telling the truth.

The realization that they were mere pawns in a cosmic game ignited a firestorm of emotions. Anger, anguish, hatred, and fury ripple through the space like a tempest.

Felix felt their rising chaotic emotions, but continued, unfazed by the turmoil his words have caused.

He unveiled the actions of the Elemental Lords upon learning this truth, letting them know that they had plotted to destroy the very fabric of the universe, an act of rebellion against their creators.

How this cataclysmic plan was thwarted by the intervention of Lord Zurvan, just for Lord Shiva to commit forcefully alone on it and erase close to a quarter of the universe...

When he finished his narration, the primogenitors were left to grapple with these revelations.

"I know that it's difficult to accept and you must be furious at the elemental lords for hiding the truth, but please, don't point your anger at them, the real criminals are those beings." Felix remarked with a solemn tone, "We have a plan to take them down if you are interested in joining our cause."

"You? Understand? Are you f*cking with me?" Cherufe roared akin to a volcanic eruption.

"IF WE WERE TOLD THE TRUTH DURING OUR ERA, A DOZEN OF OUR PEERS WOULDN'T HAVE KILLED THEMSELVES. WE WOULDN'T HAVE SPENT MOST OF OUR LIVES IN DEPRESSION OR ASLEEP!"

"HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO US!" He roared again, but this time, targeting the lords participating in the cover-up...