Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1585 Infinite Resources!

﻿1585 Infinite Resources!

A couple of days later...

The primogenitors had returned to their territories, leaving only Felix, his masters, and Lord Marduk behind.

After Felix told them about his condition to obtain the elemental techniques, not everyone jumped right away to take part in his battle.

It was understandable as he was telling them to fight against their creators, beings above unigins in rank.

Even if they were mad at their creation purpose, it didn't mean that they would throw their lives away so easily.

Felix didn't mind it, giving them all the time in the world to think about it as there was still a long way before he could make it to the other side.

Right now, he was sitting in a secluded chamber that resonated with ancient power.

Lord Marduk stood beside Felix while holding onto multiple colorful mushed-up liquids on top of his palm.

"The task you have given me albeit mundane, requires some time investment. I can't generate natural treasures without first understanding everything about them." He said.

"I understand, just go at your pace." Felix nodded in understanding.

He knew that comprehending the essence of these treasures was crucial. It was a task that required patience and a deep understanding of cosmic lore. For each treasure, he must delve into its history, its formation, and the unique properties it embodied.

At the moment, Lord Marduk was creating natural treasures that he was already familiar with for the sake of a small test.

It was to find out whether Felix's devourer heart would extract all the elemental energy from the treasures in the same fashion as it was real!

If it succeded, this was going to open an unhindered path towards the thirtieth devourer's rank!

Plus, it would have a drastic change to his original plan. Instead of randomly searching for new rare natural treasures now, he could easily crossbreed them in his illusion domain and request Lord Marduk to create them!

It was the perfect combo to manifest an infinite supply of treasures!

After a short while, Lord Marduk finished with the creation process, and multiple treasures were born in the chamber, emitting an exciting fragrance.

Without further ado, Felix reached out with his hand and devoured all of them at once.

When he closed his eyes, he felt a sudden faint surge of elemental energy getting absorbed and transformed into a substance for his muscles' growth!

"It's working." Felix broke into a satisfied smile.

"Good, I will leave a clone of mine to be responsible for creating them nonstop." Lord Marduk added, "You also want elemental minerals right?"

"Yes, the more the better." Felix nodded in appreciation.

"Alright, anything else?"

Felix thought about it for a moment and didn't know whether to tell him his next ask or not...It was a bit sensitive and overboard.

"Out with it already."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"I had an idea for a while that kept eating me up." Felix paused for a moment and then asked, "Do you ponder I can devour the purities of some of your perfect clones? I believe I will get an insane boost in my strength since they are similar to you when it comes to soul and body."

This was indeed a bold request. But, it made the most sense. Lord Marduk's clones were different than Lady Sphinx since she was still using sand as a base.

But, Lord Marduk's clones were different...He had to understand everything about himself, from his flesh, blood, DNA, cells, soul, and the list goes on.

It should have taken him eons before he could make a complete study of his entity and manifest copies.

If Felix ever went to devour such clones, it would be no different than devouring the actual Lord Marduk!

"Interesting request." Lord Marduk rubbed his lion's mane thoughtfully, "It is a great idea to boost your strength for the upcoming battle, but, I doubt it's going to be as much of a cheat as you believe."

"What do you mean?" Felix was puzzled.

"You think I can create such clones with a single thought?" Lord Marduk shook his head, "Each one requires a great amount of attention, details, and most importantly, a massive expanse of soul."

Seeing that Felix was still not following, he clarified, "For each clone to be created perfectly, I have to cut my soul into half and put it in the clone. Then, I have to take multiple methods of soul recovery to fasten the healing process. Even then, it takes a long period before my soul fully heals and retains its peak."

"So, each clone is very important to me and there aren't many of them around." Lord Marduk smiled wryly, "I still feel a bit pained at losing that one against you."

"I see."

Felix had a feeling that it wouldn't have been easy for Lord Marduk to generate such powerful clones without any serious repercussions.

He was right, the universe would never allow such imbalance.

Losing half of one's soul might seem manageable, but Felix understood that it was extremely difficult to recover from that.

Half a soul implied instant death usually and if it wasn't for Lord Marduk's resistance and intelligence, he would have also ended up dead in his first attempt.

"Still, I don't care giving you a clone or two." Lord Marduk added with a solemn tone, "You will need every bit of power up to take down that monster. A false unigin or not, he is still capable of playing to death if you weren't prepared."

"Thank you." Felix smiled in gratitude.

He knew that he was asking for a lot, and Lord Marduk made it clear that he was on his side through and through.

"Let's start with your clones first." Felix said, "I will be forced into long slumber after devouring the treasures in my possession."

Felix had no plans on waiting until he could generate a potion to help him with the absorption. Now that he had close to an infinite quantity of treasures, time would be his only enemy.

Obiviously, he would still be working on it with his wisps, but his main consciousness from now on would be mostly in a deep slumber.

...

Sometime later...

Before Felix stood two clones of Lord Marduk, each a perfect replica down to the last strand of cosmic energy.

With a deep intake of breath, Felix began the process of absorbing the clones' purities. His hands extended towards them, and a visible stream of crimson energy flowed from them into the clones. Then, a luminous and intense concentration of the clones' purities was extracted.

As Felix absorbed their purities, a transformation began to take place within the clones. The lack of their intrinsic purity initiated an automatic process of demonization. Their forms began to twist and contort, their once noble visages warping into something sinister and malevolent.

The transformation was both mesmerizing and horrifying, a stark display of the consequences of tampering with the fundamental aspects of a being.

The demonized clones, now far removed from their original state, emitted an aura of malevolence.

Meanwhile, Felix was living his best life as the absorbed purities ended up pushing his strength by more than 150K BF!

'Much higher than the darkins.' Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, 'Is it because Lord Marduk created a galaxy and is responsible for all creatures living in it?'

'Possibly, it's hard to determine how purities exactly work.' Lady Sphinx said.

'I ain't complaining at all.'

With this power-up and upcoming increase in his marks, Felix believed that he would end up at 1.6 million BF.

All of this without even entering the origin realm yet!

"Can we each give them an order, I want to see if they will prioritize you over me." Lord Marduk requested with a curious tone.

"They will obviously choose you." Felix said.

"We will see."

Both of them decided to order them to bow their heads to the other. After they ordered them, the results startled everyone involved.

The clones responded to Felix's orders and bowed their heads to him!!!

"Huh? How is this possible?"

"You serious? Whether demonized or not, they are still born out of an ability."

"Cancel the ability, they can't remain then." Lord Loki suggested.

Everyone turned to look at Lord Marduk, waiting for him to do it...Unbeknownst to them, Lord Marduk was sweating a bit as had already attempted this and the clones refused to disappear!!

"Master, what's your order?"

"Master, what's your order?"

Lord Marduk's clones inquired with solemn tones while keeping their heads lowered in front of Felix, acting like their own creator wasn't even in the room!