Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1587 Fading Out...

﻿1587 Fading Out...

Eee Eee!

Nimo immediately jumped from the void realm with a supermassive form, and sat on his shoulder again, rubbing his face against his.

"We were just hanging around in the UVR. Miss me that much already?"

Eee Eee!

"Fine, Fine, I miss you too." Felix chuckled as he rubbed Nimo's chin.

Then, he stood up from his meditation posture and reduced his size back to normal. Next, he focused his senses on his strength.

"1.650 million in total. So, I have been enhanced by a whole 460k more or less...I must have already reached the thirtieth mark in my devourer system and about twenty-six marks in the dragon's system." Felix remarked with a pleased tone.

All of his efforts paid off handsomely and Felix was more than satisfied with the result. Still, he knew that this wasn't enough to reach Nimo's alter ego strength.

Lord Hades had already told him of unigins' base strength and Felix could never forget how his heart fell to the bottom of his stomach in despair after hearing it.

"Around twenty million BF...Primogenitors can't even surpass 1.5 million BF, yet unigins receive twenty million BF as a mere foundation after their awakening." Felix smiled wryly, "It's like the difference between heaven and earth."

This wasn't even their peak strength. Unigins could also increase their strength through many methods.

Felix was told by Lord Hades that during his battle with the magma/

fire unigin Hephaestus, both of them had already surpassed fifty million BF!!

In other words, their punch's shockwave was enough to level an entire galaxy with trillions of stars and planets in it!

The only reason such destruction wasn't seen in their battle was due to the spirit realm, not having physical bodies in it.

When considering how difficult it was to jump from one million to another, it was simply the unfathomable level of strength in Felix's eyes.

"Don't focus too much on their peaks, Nimo's alter ego is extremely weakened and shouldn't possess more than 20% of his strength." Thor mentioned, "So, you will be close to even."

"With how unique sins laws, I doubt it will be that simple." Felix shook his head, "But, no one said defeating a unigin was going to be easy. So, I am not complaining with those odds."

"That's what we like to hear."

Without further ado, Felix went straight to the dimensional pocket of his void nation, desiring to obtain another immunity.

...

In the heart of the Void Nation, Felix, Nimo, and the councilmen were seen standing in front of the gigantic void statue again.

"We believe this is enough for two more wishes exactly." Arthur shared with a solemn tone, "When they get consumed, you might have to wait for another couple of decades again. The void creatures around the universe are close to extinction and now we are relying on the daily birth rate of the wrathful creators."

"Fortunately, we will be extracting three immunities from the dreamers, symbiotes, and wrathful creators," Candace said.

"It doesn't matter how long it takes, we don't have a deadline," Felix replied calmly, having no idea that he had just jinxed himself...

"Nimo, you can go for it."

Eee Eee!

With a voice that resonated with the depth of the void itself, Nimo uttered the wish.

The air crackled with energy as the wish was cast, the void creatures beginning their descent into oblivion as payment for this monumental request.

However, as he channeled the collective energy of the void creatures, a visible strain started to manifest. His body, a manifestation of the void's essence, flickered in and out of existence, a sign of the immense burden the wish was placing on him.

Felix and the others didn't notice this as everyone's eyes were affixed on the giant fox symbol in the sky, devouring those void creatures.

Meanwhile, the fluctuation of his form became more pronounced, a physical representation of the struggle he was enduring.

It was like he could no longer afford to make such a powerful and complex wish. His body screamed at him to stop, but his resolve was steady.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Eee..E.e...e..

Through the pain and suffering, he finally succeeded in executing the wish.

After the wish took effect and the void creatures had been completely consumed by the massive fox's symbol, Felix showed a faint pleased smile. "Three down, four to go."

"Are you oka...Huh...Nimo?"

Unfortunately, when he turned around to care for Nimo, knowing that he got weaker and more exhausted with each wish, his gaze was left frozen after he witnessed a heart-wrenching scene.

Eee Eee...

Nimo began to fade from existence...The once formidable entity, now drained, slowly dissolving into the void...

"NIMO!"

Alarm bells rang in Felix's mind, his delight quickly replaced by a sense of impending fear and concern...He tried to get a hold of him, but his hand went through him like he was a ghost.

"What's going on?!"

"Little God! What's wrong with you!"

"Is this caused by exhaustion? It can't be?"

Candace, the councilmen, and even the tenants dropped whatever they were doing and gave Nimo their full attention.

The situation was abrupt and uncounted for, leaving everyone incapable of understanding what was going on.

As Nimo's form became more translucent, a sense of urgency gripped Felix.

He realized that if he didn't make a move right away to make amends, it might be too late!

So, without an ounce of hesitation, Felix cast a new greater time spell he learned from Selphie in the past decades.

"Total Time Lockdown!"

As the words of the incantation left his lips, a wave of temporal energy emanated from Felix. It enveloped Nimo in a shimmering aura, the colors shifting and blending like the surface of a bubble!

The energy wrapped around Nimo, seeping into every aspect of his being — his body, spirit, and even his thoughts!

In an instant, the process of Nimo's fading halted...He was frozen in time, through and through, a living statue caught in a moment of existence.

This was the power of a greater time freeze spell compared to a lower one...Everything got frozen, causing the target to not feel a single thing like he was put in a coma.

Felix stood before the frozen Nimo, his expression wasn't good at all.

He turned to his subordinates and asked with suppressed cold voice, "Can someone tell me, what the f*ck has just happened?"

The councilmen could feel Felix's burning rage, which wasn't directed at them, but mostly at the situation as a whole.

Everyone turned to look at Mammon since this was his domain. Mammon looked at Nimo with a stern expression and then at Felix.

"I don't know how can this happen to our little god, but his ending is similar to all Djins who wished for something out of their energy and level." He shared.

"Out of his level and energy?" Felix replied frigidly, "How is that possible?"

Even Mammon couldn't answer him, knowing that Nimo was a unigin through and through. Such a wish might be difficult for other djins, but not for him.

"You are dismissed, I will take care of this." Felix excused everyone and rushed back to the mansion while carrying Nimo with him.

After checking on his well-being and seeing that his form were stabilized, he kept his spell active and transferred his focus to the tiny entity in his mind.

The moment he opened his eyes, he noticed that everyone had similar solemn expressions...When that came on Nimo, nobody were messing around.