Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1588 Don't Even Think About It.

﻿1588 Don't Even Think About It.

Felix might be freaking out internally, but he kept his emotions under wrap and asked with a stern tone, "Any ideas?"

"Nimo seemed fading out of existence, we don't know if he will truly fade away or remain, but, it's not a risk worth taking." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "So, first, I suggest you leave him frozen in time."

"I thought the same." Felix nodded.

Unless he figured out what exactly was going on with Nimo, he had no plans of deactivating his spell.

"Do you think this is related to the core?" Thor narrowed his eyes.

"It can't be?" Felix frowned, "Lord Hades has told us that even though Nimo's alter ego was sealed with the core, Nimo won't be affected by it since they are still connected spiritually on the same plane."

Felix wasn't planning to devour Nimo's alter ego without first ensuring that Nimo's existence would be alright.

Even though Lord Hades said that it was hard to tell what would happen to Nimo after he devoured his alter ego, he fed him some information about unigins' cores.

Most importantly, unigins would not be affected drastically when they lose their cores like what happened to Asna, as long as the core remains in the same plane of existence.

The only reason Asna was forced into slumber was because the eternal kingdom was considered in a different plane of existence compared to the universe, its realms, and its dimensions!

The connection was completely cut off between her and the core, which weakened her significantly.

In another sense, Nimo and his alter ego both still could utilize their laws and powers as long as their core remained with one of them and in the same universe.

"What I mean is that he might not get affected as hard as Ansa, but the seal must be powerful enough to take a massive toll on the core, causing Nimo's powers to get drastically weakened to the point he couldn't make such wishes." Lady Sphinx clarified.

"Even when he wasn't sealed with it..."

As much as he found it hard to believe, her theory made the most sense...If Nimo was capable of still utilizing his powers while his core was sealed, it was only natural that the seal would affect him externally.

"I feel like an idiot for missing it out..." Felix covered his eyes, feeling shame and disgust creeping into his heart.

In his eyes, he should have looked into Nimo's exhaustion of the previous wishes more thoroughly, instead of accepting Mammon's explanation.

He said that it was normal for him to feel exhausted due to not being at his full strength, but it was a clear sign that something else was afloat.

Knowing Nimo, Felix understood that he would never reject his request or show another emotion besides excitement and eagerness to help him...

So, even when he knew that he might not be strong enough to survive the wish, he still went for it to not disappoint Felix...How could Felix not feel guilty for being short-sighted?

"There is a silver lining here..." Ancestral Imyr mentioned with a soft tone from within his dimensional pocket, "If the seal has become strong enough to affect Nimo this hard, then his alter ego must be much weaker than we expect."

"True, he is the one sealed with the core...He might have shown a fierce attitude, but I believe it's a mere powerplay." Jörmungandr supported.

"Weak or not, I am still missing four immunities and one of them is greed law," Felix said with a deep scowl, "He can easily wish to reverse my immunities or just straight out kill me."

Since Felix couldn't take advantage of wishes if he got greed immunity, he left it for last...But now, with Nimo being out of it, there was no other method to obtain the immunity.

Mammon and other djins could not wish for something as significant without losing their lives in the process.

"I can handle other sins, but greed laws are on another level of cheating...He can risk falling into a long slumber if he could kill me with a single wish."

Since Nimo's alter ego was the one in possession of the core, he would be going nowhere if he wished for something far off his current powers...Unlike Nimo, whose existence was threatened.

Nimo might have possessed more control over the core before they got sealed, but since the sealing hall targeted the core, he couldn't have both...He had to either sacrifice his control or hand it to his alter ego and have him sealed.

"I doubt he will though," Lady Sphinx shook her head, "If Nimo almost faded out of existence from an immunity wish, I firmly believe the universe won't even bother registering your kill as an acceptable wish with his current weakened state...After all, don't forget that you have merged with Asna's core, which effectively made your social status just a little lower than a unigin."

When it was put like this, Felix and the others realized that she made a decent amount of sense.

"She is right, if the paragon of sins could kill Unigin figures through wishes, then, the eternal kingdom should have been under her rulership already." Thor said, "Without Asna's core, I don't know, but since you possess it, the universe might reject his wish entirely."

All of them knew that the universe had a limit to the accepted wishes...For example, you couldn't just wish to possess another unigin's core or to be freed from the universal shackles, etc.

"It does make sense, but still, it's too much of a risk." Felix held his chin thoughtfully, "Do you feel it's possible to extract the genetic responsible for the immunity from a djin and integrate it with me?"

"Unfortunately, no." Lady Sphinx shook her head, "The void creatures, whether intelligent or not, aren't born with a set of DNA like the rest of us. They are born out of void essence and it is energy based. I don't know how the paragon of sins pulled it off, but I can only guess she wished for it and the universe delivered."

"I see..."

Felix went back to his believed process. It wasn't like he was being scared or cowardly, but he knew that the greed sin was just too much for him to handle.

Even if Nimo's alter ego didn't wish for his death, there were plenty of ways he could play with him to death.

"Maybe it can be created?" Felix asked as he eyed Lord Marduk.

"Forget it, I can't create normal elemental immunities on other people, don't even mention sins' based immunities. Plus, I have tried to create them for myself before and failed miserably." Lord Marduk shook his head.

Immunities to the sins were nowhere close in complexity to normal immunities since they shouldn't have existed in the first place!!

Only the paragon of sins should possess mentioned immunities, but after she created the void race and released thousands of intelligent ones in the open, the balance had been drastically changed.

So, even Lord Marduk with his infinite wisdom couldn't copy something that shouldn't have existed in the first place!

"Sigh...This leaves me with only one option..." Felix smiled wryly.

Without needing to read his thoughts, everyone figured out what Felix was talking about.

"Don't think about it." Jörmungandr knitted his eyebrows, "I would rather have you fight against Nimo's alter ego right now without the remaining immunites than request her assistance."

"Likewise, it's not safe...That crazy b*tch is scarier than Nimo's alter ego." Thor agreed.

"It's not worth it, little one."

"Listen to your masters."

Many other tenants supported their opinions, but some took Felix's side.

"I feel it's a danger worth taking." Fenrir shared calmly, "If she wanted Felix dead, she would have already eliminated him before. She is invested in this story from the shadows and her deeds demonstrate it...I feel if Felix came forward with his request, she might not concur to it, but she will most definitely not harm him."

"But, didn't she say that she won't show mercy when he comes to her?" Elder Kraken reminded.

"She did..."

"..."

"..."

"..."Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Everyone was left staring at each other in silence.