Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1589 I Know You Are Up to Something.

﻿1589 I Know You Are Up to Something.

When they recalled Felix's interaction with the paragon of sins, she made it clear that knew Felix was going to reach out to her later on.

"She said she won't show mercy." Felix reasoned, "Maybe, she believed I would come for her after dealing with Nimo. At this moment, I am merely seeking her assistance."

"Felix, you can't reason with crazy, and that woman is too unpredictable," Thor warned.

"Unpredictable or not, it's not like I have that many options." Felix shook his head, "I must obtain greed laws immunity no matter what."

"You should then consider requesting Lord Hades' assistance to schedule a meeting with her." Elder Kraken suggested, "He will keep her in check."

Instead of Felix endangering himself by entering her territory, this option was far safer...Even if the talks failed, no harm would be done.

"Let's hope he agrees."

Felix reached out to Lord Hades like before and after a few moments, a spiritual mirror manifested before everyone...It displayed Lord Hades, sitting on his throne, appearing as indifferent as ever.

Everyone greeted him respectfully and remained silent, letting Felix do the talking. Just as Felix wanted to explain the situation to him, Lord Hades raised his hand to silence him.

"I can set up the meeting, but that witch is too shrewd to be underestimated. She always has an agenda and I am certain she will gain something from either your victory or loss against the false unigin." He spoke, "I don't know what it is, but bringing her into your battle actively is a double-edged sword, are you sure?"

If even Lord Hades was hesitant about this idea, doubts of seeds couldn't help but sprout in Felix's mind.

However, when he glanced at Nimo's frozen form and envisioned Asna in a deep slumber awaiting his arrival to wake her up, those doubts died down instantly.

'With her help, I will have a chance, without her help, I might not know how I lost.' Felix narrowed his eyes dangerously, 'I have to do it, not for me, but for them.'

Without any further questions, Lord Hades reached out to the paragon of sins and connected her soul with the spiritual mirror.

The air around the mirror started to shimmer, and the surface of the mirror swirled with a misty, ethereal light.

Soon, the mirror's surface began to clear, revealing a figure on the other side – the Paragon of Sins! Her eyelids were drooped, making her seem like she had just woken up from a nap.

"Hadey, that's not nice of you, at least ask for my permission." She yawned while chiding Lord Hades.

'He forced her to show up?'

'How overbearing!'

'Damn, he is truly the guardian of souls and spirits.'

The tenants were quite shocked to realize that the paragon of sins was dragged into this conversation against her will!

If even unigins seemed unable to resist his soul control, they didn't even imagine what would happen to them if they offended him.

"Give him a minute of your time." Lord Hades requested expressionlessly.

"We meet again."

Felix stepped forward, his gaze locked on the mirror.

"Miss me already? Was our kiss that passionate to call me?" Paragon said playfully, causing Felix's eyelids to twitch in irritation.

"Can you act on your status? I am not here to fool around." Felix replied.

"Why so serious for a child, loosen up a bit." The Paragon smiled charmingly, but this time, her attempt to allure Felix failed due to his immunity.

"Resistant now? Not bad." She chuckled, not too bothered.

Knowing that it was useless to fix her attitude, Felix could only move on and bring up the subject of the call upfront.

"I know this is abrupt and somewhat weird, but I would like to seek your aid urgently. I need to obtain Greed Law immunity and I have already prepared the price for it. I need someone of your level to wish for it."

"Interesting, what happened to your raccoon? Did you already overtask him and get him killed?" She mentioned with a curious tone.

"How do you know?" Felix narrowed his eyes coldly.

"You should ask what is there that I don't know." The paragon smiled, "But, we aren't here to discuss me, are we?"

"..."

Felix didn't know how to respond...He felt like the paragon of sins seemed to know everything and even this call might have been predicted by her.

This didn't give him a good feeling at all...It was like he was making a deal with the devil, knowing that a nasty fate awaited him at the end of the tunnel.

"Don't give me such a weird look. Do you want my help or not?"

Felix closed his eyes for a moment and then when he opened them again, there was no more doubt.

"What do you want in return?"

"It's nothing much, I am interested in watching you duking it out against that raccoon." The paragon mentioned with a faint bewitching smile, "It's been a while since such an interesting confrontation happened in the universe."

"That's it?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

In his eyes, the request was pretty light, knowing that he could simply share his consciousness link with her to watch the battle through his eyes.

However, just as he was about to mention his method to avoid any misunderstandings, the paragon added, "Of course, I have to watch it live with my own eyes. So, you either give me the location of the battle or have a wisp of my consciousness within your mind during the battle."

"..."

"..."

"..."

This time, even Lord Hades was left speechless at her blatant attempt to insert herself in the battle.

Whether she wanted to watch in peace or had other motives, there was simply no way Felix could agree to this request!

"You know damn well I can't agree to such a ludicrous request," Felix said coldly.

"You don't trust me?" The paragon acted like her emotions were hurt.

"Not even a bit."

"Fair enough, our previous interaction wasn't the most peaceful." The paragon chuckled.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"All I can offer is a consciousness link or you can change your request entirely," Felix said.

"Unfortunately, this isn't a negotiation." The paragon shrugged her shoulders carelessly, "You want my help, I would like front seats to the battle. Otherwise, good luck on your ass whopping...Trust me, it will be one-sided."

"..." Felix glanced at his masters and the tenants with an irked expression...He didn't need to ask them for their opinions to understand that such a deal must not happen.

In his eyes, the paragon of sins seemed to have been scheming in the shadows concerning this conflict for a while now.

After all, she never made a move against Nimo even when she was awake. Plus, she created Lucifer twice and helped Felix devour him.

It would be foolish for him to believe those were coincidences.

'What if this was her plan all along? She knew I would need her help and by inserting herself in my consciousness space, she might end up turning the battle in her favor and devour both of us or something.' Felix said telepathically with the tenants.

'I had the same thought.'

'I already stated that it's too risky to get her help, and this confirms it.'

'We can find another method.'

Naturally, the tenants' reaction was as pessimistic as possible, with no one trusting the paragon to play ball and watch the battle with a popcorn bowl.

'You're right, I will reject her and seek other ways.' Felix agreed with a disappointed expression.

However, just as he was about to give his response, Lord Hades interjected out loud, not bothered if the paragon could hear him "I can't deal with her if she came in person, but if it's just a wisp of consciousness, I have you covered."

"Haddyy, you think too shady of me. I am saddened..." The paragon pouted like a teenage girl, not befitting of her status at all.

"How covered?" Felix switched to his voice too.

"She can't pull a fast one before I erase her wisp." Lord Hades responded calmly.

Seeing how confident Lord Hades was, Felix knew that he wasn't messing around. Lord Hades wasn't a boaster and if he said he had it covered, then it was covered.

"You guys...You think of me as some kind of monster." The paragon sighed, "You think you would be standing here if I wanted you dead?"

"Oh, I know you don't want to kill me, what I am worried about is the unknown." Felix replied coldly, "You want something, I can feel it, I just don't know what it is."

"How about I show my goodwill, by giving you a mock battle against me, so you can understand what you will be dealing with?" The paragon suggested with an innocent tone, seemingly really trying her best to fix her bad image in their minds.

"A mock battle?" Felix knitted his eyebrows.