Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1590 A Mock Battle. I

﻿1590 A Mock Battle. I

'A mock battle against the paragon herself is extremely good.' Thor was the first to support the idea, 'It will help you at last gauge the true terror of the paragon of sins instead of keeping to speculate.'

'Indeed, you can't skip this opportunity. It might be the deciding factor whether you win or lose against Nimo's alter ego.' Fenrir nodded.

'I think so too.'

Felix and the others were also in favor of this battle...They might distrust the paragon to the bone, but fighting her would help him in the long run better than all of his preparations.

"Plus, I will even give you some pointers and weaknesses." The paragon smiled charmingly.

"I am in." Felix agreed instantly with an honest look, "Madam paragon, I am under your care."

"I became a madam now?"

The paragon's eyelids twitched at his shameless switch in character after realizing that she was too useful to antagonize.

"Whatever, do you want to hold the fight in the UVR or in real l..."

"UVR."

Felix voiced his decision before she could finish her sentence.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

While the paragon was actively showing him 'goodwill', he wasn't an idiot to trust her fully and get close to her in real life.

The paragon already expected his response, so she merely chuckled and told him to send her the invitation link.

This made Felix and the tenants feel a chill course down their spine as they realized that the paragon must have been logged to the UVR with a wisp for a long time now.

'Loki, how can you hide such Intel from us, aren't you going to stop with this stupid habit of yours?' Thor scolded.

'Believe me, this is a first for me too.' Lord Loki replied with a puzzled tone, 'Asna was the only unigin logging into the UVR.'

'I see...She must have lowered her wisp's spiritual pressure level then.'

'Must be.'

Felix and the tenants were forced to drop this subject since the only way to find out the truth was by asking the suspect. They didn't want to offend her with questions for fear of irritating her.

After all, they were still the ones coming to ask for her help. If she really had nothing planned in the shadows and wanted to watch the battle, then, she would lose interest immediately and leave them be.

...

Sometime later...

Felix and the paragon of sins were both seen floating hive above in the sky of Felix's private room.

The land underneath them stretched for thousands of kilometers with forests, mountains, rivers, lakes, deserts, and all types of environments meshed up together.

The room, usually a haven of calm, was now transformed into an arena where the very air seemed charged with anticipation.

"I see you have obtained three sins immunities, pride, envy, and lust." The paragon chuckled, "Do you feel safe against those laws?"

"I won't say safe is the proper word." Felix replied, "Just a bit secure."

Felix understood that the sins' immunities worked only on abilities against him, Nimo's alter could still use them in his favor.

"A bit secure? How about we find out?"

In a display of her formidable power, the paragon split into seven distinct forms, each a manifestation of a different sin.

The figures, each radiating a unique colorful aura with a symbol above their heads representing, wrath, greed, sloth, pride, lust, envy, and gluttony. They faced Felix with a presence that was more overwhelming than the other.

Felix couldn't help but narrow his eyes in focus as he kept analyzing each entity's level of strength.

Alas, no matter how hard he tried, all of her forms were like a bottomless abyss, unexplorable and unreachable.

The Paragon, her voice echoing the multitude of sins she embodied, addressed Felix with a taunting edge.

"Choose your poison, I will use only that sin's form, evil energy, void laws, and spiritual pressure to battle you." She said, a sinister smirk playing across the faces of her seven forms.

Felix, his gaze sweeping over each manifestation, made his choice.

"Pride," He declared, focusing on the form that radiated an aura of self-assurance and formidable power, with the lion symbol above her head.

He chose it to test out his pride immunity and to find out if having those immunities was really worth it or not.

In response, the other six forms of the Paragon merged back into the Pride manifestation.

"I will lower my physical strength and spiritual pressure to yours." The paragon mentioned while weakening herself until her overwhelming pressure died down.

Now, it seemed like a battle between two equal fighters.

"Shall we begin?" The paragon asked with a faint carefree smile.

Felix beamed his battleaxe and placed it on his shoulder while covering its edge with electricity.

Then, he nodded with a solemn expression even though his heart was pounding like a waterfall cascading over the rocks.

It was only normal for him to feel nervous as this was his first battle against a legit unigin and he had no clue what to expect.

The paragon didn't let him wait for long.

With a confident flourish, she manifested a majestic lion pride symbol above her head, glowing with a golden radiance that illuminated the sky.

'It's a different one than the clash of prides!'

Felix immediately recognized that the inscriptions written on the symbol weren't the same as The Ruiner's signature ability!

Meanwhile, the symbol began to pulsate, channeling a golden light into the paragon, like a divine entity being bathed by the universe.

As this symbol hovered above her, the Paragon turned to Felix, her expression one of calm superiority.

"This is called, Supreme Symbol...Each minute this symbol remains unchallenged and intact, it will feed me with incremental strength. My power will increase by 1% of my original power every second, continuously, until I reach my utmost limit." With a faint smile, she said, "You don't want to see me at my peak."

"Dear lord...1% power up each second?"

"The unigins are believed to possess the potential to reach 100 million BF...Doesn't this mean, with just this symbol alone, she can become the strongest unigin in the universe?"

"Isn't it a bit too unbalanced?"

"That's my goddess...So scary..."

The tenants' expressions were a mix of awe and apprehension, fully aware of this ability's frightening effect.

'As expected, with or without pride immunity, the sin laws are still overpowered.' Felix uttered with a solemn tone as he watched the symbol intently,analyzing the situation.

He comprehended that if Nimo's alter ego could use it too, then, it would become the focal point of the battle.

As long as it remained, the Paragon would grow stronger by the moment and his chances of victory would keep dimming.

"Some free pointers, if you managed to destroy the symbol, the user receives a backlash equivalent to the power-up received...Plus, half of the power-up goes to the opponent temporarily as a punishment. However, since you have pride immunity, you won't be receiving anything." The paragon shared with a faint chuckle after noticing the dread painted on Felix's expression.

"Now it makes more sense." Felix sighed in relief even though he heard that his pride immunity was screwing with him.

Just like him, he too believed that such an ability couldn't exist without a counterplay. The universe wouldn't allow it.

Plus, Clash of Prides was powerful, but it allowed both opponents to gain power through it at the end of the duel.

This went hand in hand with the logic behind the sin of pride...Nothing was given for free, only those worthy would obtain it.

Since Felix possessed pride immunity, he couldn't be affected either positively or negatively by anything related to pride sin from others.

'I have to a make move.'

Realizing that his careful fighting style wasn't great in this situation, Felix decided to think of a strategy while on the move.

So, without an ounce of hesitation, he swung his war axe and hurled it in the paragon's direction while increasing its speed with his electrical discharges, causing its lightning tongues to manifest from its blade...This turned it into a terrorizing spinning lightning storm!

Szzzzzzzzz!!! Booom!