Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1593 The Despair of Gluttony.

1593 The Despair of Gluttony.

Felix was already told how the merging process would go and it wasn't as complex as he had expected before.

Asna's core would do all the work and he just needed to have a body compatible to receive the paragon of sins' blessing.

In his case, he only needed evil energy and a great vessel since the most difficult condition was having Asna's core.

"I would rather put him out first...He might not be as great as the real paragon, but if he realized that he was dying, I don't doubt for a second that he wouldn't take drastic measures." Felix uttered with a solemn tone.

After what happened to him in this battle, Felix understood that even without the greed laws, even with all seven immunites, he would still be in danger if Nimo's alter ego got cornered.

So, he would rather do the process after he removed the alter ego's fangs.

"Is it possible to fight against the other sins and maybe a battle with you using all sins combined?" Felix requested.

He wanted to go through all possible outcomes...In his eyes, even if he never touched the paragon once during hundreds of battles, he would still be the one emerging victorious.

"Maybe for a kiss?" The paragon replied with a charming and playful smile.

"Forget it." Felix's eyelids twitched.

"I am just messing with you." The paragon chuckled while breaking into seven forms again. "Choose."

Felix sized up the seven forms and after some careful thinking, he decided to choose gluttony.

He knew that the world eater was capable of devouring all matter and turning it into a source of energy, which increased its size and powers, but anything else, he was completely clueless.

He was certain that gluttony sin was in no way just this.

"As you wish."

The paragon brought all other forms into one form, which had an orange-colored symbol with a boar on it.

Felix pulled away swiftly, putting some decent distance between them. Then, he narrowed his eyes in focus, waiting for her to make a move.

The paragon didn't disappoint.

The air around the Paragon began to swirl with dark, ominous energy as she manifested two distinct symbols above her head!

"Two at once?" Felix gulped a mouthful.

He never saw either paragon or Nimo utilize more than one symbol at a time, so this gave him a tiny, tiny hope, that maybe, the universe restricted such a broken system by using one sin ability at a time.

Alas, that was merely wishful thinking.

The first symbol radiated voracious energy, symbolizing an ability that aligned with the essence of Gluttony.

As this symbol was activated, it started drawing in energy from the environment, channeling it into the paragon!

"Sh*t, it sucks in both elemental and neutral energy?!"

Felix's expression turned slightly ugly after realizing that his control over neutral energy couldn't contest with this pulling force!

He swiftly tested out his theory by attempting to create an elemental ability externally. Before its completion, it fell apart and got sucked into the symbol!

Yet, this was the least of his worries!

"My energy! It's getting affected too!"

His eyes widened in shock and fear after noticing that his elemental energy and mental energy were being drained against his will!!

He tried to stop the process, but nothing he did was enough like the energy itself never belonged to him and its true owner had come back to reclaim it!

Meanwhile, the paragon was visibility being fed a stream of orange mist from the symbol, making her resemble a sun deity.

"This is called, The Hunger Symbol...It sucks all energy in the area regardless of its origin or whereabouts and then transforms it into raw temporary power." The paragon explained casually.

She was visibly getting stronger, as her power was amplifying with each passing moment.

"Does all of your abilities get you stronger or what?!"

Felix didn't know whether to laugh or cry...He couldn't imagine how powerful she would be if she was using this symbol in combination with the pride symbol.

He was usually the one with overpowered cheating abilities, and this was the first time, he experienced what his old opponents felt.

It was truly despairing.

Alas, he had yet to taste the true despair.

"Come attack me, I have a special surprise for you." The paragon giggled cutely, but in Felix's ears, it sounded like a devil's crackle.

Still, he knew that he had to start fighting otherwise, he would be drained out of energy and he would have no sources to recover from with that damning symbol active!

So, he started his battle by taking a different approach than last time...He manifested two long destruction swords and covered his body entirely in electricity while also activating his truth vision.

"Huh?"

However, before he could take a single step forward, his swords fell apart and turned back into their original elemental form while his electricity died down completely akin to an extinguished candle...

He stood there in silence, staring at his empty hands with a look of utter disbelief.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Even the tenants were left speechless at the sight of his weapons' elemental energy getting absorbed by the symbol.

"Hahaha, your look is the cutest, I swear." The paragon laughed in amusement.

"What has just happened..." Felix murmured as he stared at her like he was staring at an untouchable god.

"It's the effect of Origin Symbol." The paragon pointed above her head, "It embodies an ability to deconstruct and break apart abilities in its area, reverting them to their original energy form."

"..."

Felix honestly didn't know what to think or do next.

A symbol capable of deconstructing abilities and elements to their original form? How was he supposed to fight? Go at her barbarically with his weapon? Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"I refuse to believe it!"

Not willing to accept the reality before him, Felix launched himself toward the paragon while utilizing his own destruction projectiles, aiming at the symbols again!

Alas, the rain of projectiles faded midair halfway through its distance, and by the time it reached the symbol, it was nothing more than neutral energy.

"I have never said this before at anything, but this is such a f*cking bullsh*t ability." Thor cursed in agitation.

He could feel utter despair creeping in his heart at the thought of battling anyone with such an ability!

Even Lord Marduk and the rest of the elemental lords felt the same, understanding that regardless of how complex their abilities were, they were still made out of elemental energy.

Now, while Felix was trying his own best to break apart the paragon's relentless defenses with whatever technique or ability he thought about, she was getting more strong by the second.

In less than a couple minutes, Felix was previously seen panting hard with his own hands resting on his knees, and forehead completely covered in sweat.

His mental energy was devoured, his own elemental energy was drained, and even his physical energy was affected negatively.

The worst part, the eternal flame in his own heart, which was supposed to never let him get tired was utterly useless!

That's because it utilised neutral energy passively to help him recover all of his own energies, but the paragon wasn't letting an ounce of it leave her domination!

As he heaved ruggedly, Felix lifted his own head and looked at the paragon, who was glowing brighter than ever.

A single thought came through his own mind, 'I am going to get my ass beat by Nimo, 100%.'