Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Chapter 1594 Reaching His Peak Potential.

1594 Reaching His Peak Potential.

Sometime later...

Felix could be seen sitting on the ground with his head lowered and sweat dripping down akin to Niagra Falls...His expression wasn't pleasant at all.

It was an understandable reaction as he had gotten beat up by every form and every sin. Even against lust laws, which he had immunity against, he still failed to touch the paragon!

To make matters worse, when the paragon used all of her sins combined, Felix got absolutely played, making him feel like a baby duck against a tiger.

The combination of seven sins, void laws, and evil energy was simply too overpowered.

Nothing he did or planned worked...His arsenal of powers, his greatest source of confidence was proven to be utterly useless.

While he understood full well that Nimo's alter ego and the paragon utilization of the sin laws were going to be vastly different, it still didn't pacify his heart even a little.

"I am not ready, I am not even close to being ready...I need other ways to secure my victory besides my strength." Felix said with a deep sigh as he wiped the sweat out of his face.

"You poor little fella." The paragon teleported next to Felix and said with a look full of pity, "I might consider giving you all the remaining immunities and training you for real against that raccoon."

"You will?" Felix showed a surprised look, not expecting her to be this generous.

The deal stated only greed laws immunity and she would still use her wisp inside his consciousness space.

"The fight will be boring otherwise." The paragon clarified casually, "I am not interested in watching you getting owned without putting on a decent show."

"Is that really it?" Felix asked with narrowed eyes.

"I don't care if you believe me." The paragon shrugged her shoulders, "Do you want to get trained or not?"

"Yes."

Even though he wasn't convinced of her motives, Felix wasn't in a position to complain.

"Let's get you those immunites first." The paragon said, "Tell me the location of the sacrifice and your wishes will be fulfilled."

"That's it? I don't have to be near the vicinity?" Felix was taken aback.

"You think this is amateur league?" The paragon flicked his forehead, "Just do it."

Without further questions, Felix handed the location of the void statue to the paragon. But, only after he already switched his focus to his main consciousness and left the place with Nimo's frozen form.

If it was up to him, he would have rather moved the void statue somewhere else, so he wouldn't give her the void nation's headquarters location.

But, Nimo was the only one capable of moving billions of void creatures simultaneously. Plus, Felix wasn't in the position to make demands at the paragon.

After she received the location's information, the paragon stayed silent for a moment and then said, "You only have enough to make another wish."

"I know, I was planning to harvest three remaining immunites from the unique void creatures." Felix said, "It won't cost much if it was like this."

"Alright, I will pick three random ones for you."

Without waiting for Felix's response, the paragon had already gone for it and got three unique void creatures killed instantly while simultaneously wishing for the greed laws' immunity.

The void nation's citizens and the councilmen were left bewildered and stunned at the sight of the greed sins symbol appearing again above the statue.

'My lord! A symbol...'

'It's me, don't mind it.' Felix replied while giving the paragon an astounded look.

He knew that the paragon must still be on the other side of the universe. Yet, she was still capable of casting wishes billions of light years away!

The most shocking part? It didn't even need to know about Felix's location for the wish to be granted!

"It's done, you now possess all seven immunites." The paragon smiled charmingly, "Get used to them and study our battles. I will be coming back a month from now to test you again. If I don't see any improvement, I will be the one beating you up."

Then, she raffled Felix's hair one last time, and broke into light particles, leaving him no time to respond.

"What does she want from me..." Felix murmured, feeling antsier the more she helped him...Especially, when she was helping him become the new paragon of sins and replace her!

"I don't understand if this is right or not, but I have a feeling that she desires to be replaced and unshackled by the universal duties." Elder Kraken remarked with a soft tone.

Everyone remained silent at his statement, feeling that his theory might not be so false.

The unigins were considered gods, but they were still under universal enslavement, making them incapable of truly acting free.

In other words, if this was truly the paragon's motive, then it made sense that she would help Felix in his mission.

"What will happen to her after getting replaced? Will she get erased? Have her powers removed?" Felix asked, addressing Lord Hades.

"I don't know." Lord Hades shook his head, "None of us had gone through this 'replacement process'. It shouldn't even be available in the first place."

Lord Hades understood that Nimo's existence was a mystery on its own and if his original theory was correct, then, everything would line perfectly.

"Whether she wants to help genuinely for her benefit or not, keep your guard up at all costs." Lord Khaos warned with a voice that spoke of experience, "Never forget, behind that cute playfulness is the most evil entity in the universe...Never forget."

Lord Khaos was silent and hidden the entire time the paragon of sins was here. The others noticed his uncanny silence, but they refrained from putting him on the spot as they had no idea what happened between those two in the past.

"I know." Felix nodded with a solemn look.

While Felix had never seen the paragon exhibit any evil behavior, he still couldn't forget how she watched Lucifer get devoured by him with a faint innocent smile.

She created him twice and made him trust her to be his mother and only ally...Yet in the end, she didn't bat an eye at his death.

How could Felix ever feel comfortable with her?

"Don't put too much attention on her for now, we have to plan to take down Nimo's alter ego and based on your performance, you aren't ready yet." Lady Sphinx mentioned.

"At this point, there isn't much for me to do...I have almost reached my peak." Felix sighed.

Felix understood that only a few things were left for him to improve on that could make somewhat of a difference in his battle.

Mastering more time/space spells was one thing. If he mastered the omnipotent time spell with Selphie's help, it might give him a leg up.

However, in terms of physical strength? He had previously reached the maximum number of marks in his devourer's system...Even though the dragons' marks were infinite, the resources required exploded in value too.

To boost at least another five marks, which translated to a 100K boost, he might require ten times the amount of what he collected in his previous enhancement!

All of this was just for a measly 100k, which he was certain now more than ever that it would make any difference against Nimo's alter ego.

"The only way forward is to break through the origin realm and unlock my full potential." Felix sighed, "But, I can't do that if I desire to ascend."

"How about an assistance from an outsider." J?rmungandr suggested.

"Don't tell me you are talking about her again..."

Felix knew immediately what he was referring to since there weren't many powerful beings in the universe capable of rivaling Nimo's current state.

It was none other than Foremother Siamese!

"If we took the battle to her environment, we would receive a massive advantage and if she decided to participate in the fight, it's even better." Thor supported, "Her consciousness pressure might not rival unigins, but against Nimo's current state, she won't be a liability."

"I know, I understand all of that, but you are forgetting one important fact." Felix smiled wryly, "She hates my guts for some reason and without Asna's assistance this time, she will spit at me for even daring to consider asking for her help."

"If it's just a bit of spit, I believe it's worth the risk." Thor chuckled with some of the tenants.

"You guys...Fine, my face is thick anyway."

In the end, Felix agreed to the suggestion, knowing that there was no such a thing as shame or humiliation when it came to saving his beloved.

If it was up to him, he would ask anyone for assistance instead of taking Nimo's alter ego alone.

Alas, only gods could subdue gods.

****

Meanwhile, at the depth of the void realm in the previous demonic realm, a spiritual mirror manifested akin to a mirage...Following its emergence, two massive pink eyes manifested in front of it.

'Seems like my actions have alarmed them.'

The paragon sneered as she eyed the surface of the mirror shimmering for a moment before revealing the images of three celestial beings of extraordinary radiance.

The Rulers gazed upon the Paragon of Sins with an air of solemnity and authority...Their luminous forms flickered and danced, casting an otherworldly light upon the pitch-darkness of the void.

The Rulers' voices resonated from the mirror, clear and powerful. 'Lilith, what are you doing? Your actions stray from the orders we have bestowed upon you.'