Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1595 Getting an Outsider's Assistance!

1595 Getting an Outsider's Assistance!

Another added, 'Your rightful place is among us, in the upper celestial ranks. If you no longer desire to return to your esteemed position, speak now.'

The air was thick with tension, the weight of the Rulers' words hanging heavily on the paragon's mind. Yet, she remained unfazed, her expression unreadable.

'You want the core? You will get the core. Don't bother yourselves with my methods.' The paragon assured with an indifferent tone.

'This is your last chance to redeem yourself, Lilith.' The first ruler warned with a stern tone, 'If you fail to retrieve Asna's core, you will remain banished for eternity.'

'The fact that we are giving you a second chance after what you tried to do to the Universe's Heart is already a...'

'Stop yapping already, I said I had it covered. Now, beat it, before Hadey finds out.' The paragon Lilith interrupted them disrespectfully and then waved her hand at the mirror, causing it to break apart.

'Do not disappoint...'

The rulers still tried to chip in one last remark before the mirror fell apart.

'Those old fogies think that their method is the true way to freedom.' The paragon sneered, 'What a joke, there is only one path and I am treading on it. I will see it through until the end even if it kills me.'

One could only imagine what happened between the paragon of sins and the three rulers for them to be at odds with each other and even resulting in the paragon's banishment...

'Fortunately, the eternal kingdom's gate lacks enough celestial energy to be opened externally and they are forced to use me instead of sending their lackeys.' The paragon smiled in a sinister manner as she looked above, 'I don't know if this was planned by you too or a coincidence, I' ain't complaining.'

***

A week later...

Felix arrived at the same wormhole, leading to the elemental galaxy. The area around it was as populated as ever with cargo ships, troops, and elementals of all types of shapes and sizes.

The moment he stationed his spaceship in front of the wormhole, Elder Haemir reached out to him telepathically.

'Boy, you sure have changed a lot since I have last seen you.' He said with a tone of marvel.

'Stuff happened, it's good to see you too.' Felix replied calmly, 'I am here to have a meeting with Foremother Siamese.'

'Does she know about it?'

'Is it any of your business?'

'No...'

'Then, let us in.'

Without any further questions asked, Elder Haemir gave them access to the elemental galaxy.

He could feel that Felix's strength was way higher than primogenitors, making it harder for him to oppose him. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Since Felix was allowed permanent access to the elemental galaxy, he couldn't stop him even if he wanted to.

'Mother, the little demon is here to see you.' Obiviously, he didn't hesitate to snitch.

'I know.' Foremother Siamese replied calmly as she watched Felix enter her territory.

When she gazed deeper into his soul, Felix spotted her immediately and stopped her attempts by placing a mental blockade.

'It's not so polite to peer without permission...I guess you owe me one now.'

Felix sent this shameless message as public telepathic waves, knowing the Foremother Siamese would capture and receive it.

Foremother Siamese ignored his remark and asked coldly, 'Why are you here? I can smell trouble reeking out of you. How many times do I have to send you away to understand that I want nothing to do with you?'

'Come on, don't be like that.' Felix tried to get chummy with her, 'How about we start a new slate? I have no idea what I did to offend you, but I apologize for it.'

'I don't need a reason to dislike someone.' Foremother Siamese replied coldly, 'I know you want something from me, you always do. I am not giving you anything, just stop making a fool of yourself and leave.'

'Damn, she is a tough nut to crack.' Thor said with an annoyed tone.

'I didn't think she would be this stubborn. Did Felix kill her family in his past life or something, why is she like this?' Candace commentated with a puzzled look.

'Who knows, maybe she just doesn't want Felix's problems to affect her peace with Lord Zurvan.' J?rmungandr said.

Well, Foremother Siamese did condition Felix to never visit or request any favor from Lord Zurvan...So, his theory might be true.

Knowing that using himself wasn't too convincing, Felix requested for Asna's sake.

'Listen, I have no clue about your relationship with Asna, but since you have given me permanent access after you articulated with her last time, I assume that something favorable is going on between you two.'

'At this moment, Asna is slumbering under the three rulers' imprisonment and the only way to help her is by going there personally. I need a little bit of your help to make it happen.' Felix beseeched with a solemn tone, 'Don't do it for me, do it for Asna.'

'She was captured? No wonder I couldn't sense her existence in you anymore.' Foremother Siamese was taken aback.

Even though she was the consciousness of an entire galaxy, such information didn't reach her unless Lord Zurvan informed her about it.

'Yes, and I require to become a unigin to save her, if you help me out, I promise that I will never forget this debt until the day the universe perishes.' Felix stressed.

Felix wasn't much of a begger, but desperate times, require desperate measures...If he had to lower his ego and pride to beg for assistance to save Asna, so be it.

'Before I decide, what do you exactly need from me?' Foremother Siamese was smart enough to not make any abrupt decisions.

Now that Asna was captured, her deal with her was in jeopardy...She promised her when she returned to her duties, she would not treat her by the universal rules.

Foremother Siamese understood that if she did so, her life could be considered to be finished.

'It's not really too difficult, I will need you to...'

Felix went on and narrated the situation to her, letting her understand that he desired to become the new paragon of sins through Nimo's alter ego.

He even so told her about their plan and her part in it.

'You want me to team up with you against a weakened unigin? That's your simple request?' Foremother Siamese's eyelids twitched inside her field of dandelions.

'I will be doing most of the work, I will need your assistance to hold him down during the merging process, and additionally to help us set up a better home ground...Cough,'

Even Felix started to feel a bit embarrassed at his blatant attempt to make light of the situation. He understood that if he was in her place, he wouldn't get involved in such a mess unless he truly had something to gain.

In his eyes, Foremother Siamese had nothing to gain but a bit of goodwill from Asna and him while everything to lose by antagonizing the new paragon of sins.

It wasn't farfetched that Nimo's alter ego would destroy the entire galaxy as an act of revenge if they failed.

Unbeknownst to him, Foremother Siamese did have something to gain from this and was genuinely considering the request.

'If Asna was saved, she will keep her promise. But, this isn't enough, I can use her to gain true detachment and be free to go anywhere I want with my Lord...' Foremother Siamese closed her eyes for a moment, seemingly a bit hesitant, 'But, is it worth the risk?'

When Foremother Siamese thought about how Lord Zurvan refused to depart her galaxy to be by her side at all times, she immediately ironed her will, 'It is.'

'Please, take your time to think ab...'

Before Felix could finish his sentence, Foremother Siamese replied with a serious tone, 'I will require a favor from Asna if I help you and this leads to her freedom.'

'Of course! I will see it through and even so give you my word that Asna won't let you down.' Felix instantly agreed to her condition, not caring that he was accepting a favor in Asna's stead.

Knowing Asna's assoholish nature, he had a big feeling that she might ignore Foremother Siamese's favor since she wasn't the one accepting it.

But he had no plans to inform her about this...