Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1596 Releasing The Seal!

1596 Releasing The Seal!

After Foremother Siamese was brought in successfully, Felix resolved to spend the next years of his life in the elemental galaxy.

He asked for Foremother Siamese to help him with elemental minerals to improve his strength.

While she was irritated by his constant requests, she caved in and helped him out, knowing that there was no room for failure.

With her assistance and his subordinates doing their due diligence outside, he was receiving a decent amount each year.

This was a mere bonus while he was spending his time getting trained by the paragon of sins and Selphie.

Fortunately, he had his wisdom eye, which helped him reduce the learning stage immensely. However, nothing was going to help against the paragon of sin.

Felix had spent more than a millennial getting beaten out of his wits every month until he became numb to it.

While he never touched the paragon, his understanding of the sin laws was getting better and better until he genuinely started to create some tough times for the paragon.

Obiviously, it wasn't when she was utilizing all seven sins as she was simply untouchable at that level.

Together, they explored the depths of evil energy, void manipulation, and the intricate nuances of combat against beings of immense power.

As the millennia passed, Felix's prowess grew exponentially...Each technique was honed to perfection, and every strategy was scrutinized and refined.

He even attempted to understand the seven sins laws, so he would be able to destroy them with his concept of destruction mist, but alas...

The paragon refused to give a hand and those laws weren't so simple to understand even with the wisdom eye involved.

If they were simple, Lord Shiva would have added them to his list...In the end, Felix gave up on the thought and focused on the plans they had perfected.

Right now, Felix could be seen standing insidea stark and empty dimensional pocket.

Here, in this void-like expanse that stretched into eternity, he stood still on a leveled peaceful ocean surface.

The area lacked any features, a blank canvas upon which the decisive battle would be painted.

This was the arena chosen and while it might seem bland, it was created by Foremother Siamese personally...It had a couple of features to make Nimo's alter ego life a bit harder.

"Are you ready?" Thor asked with a solemn tone as he watched Felix fiddling with the golden earring in his hand.

"Readiness has long since lost meaning to me, this has to be done, now, or never," Felix replied softly.

"Just stick to the plan and you will succeed." Lord Marduk assured, "It's foolproof to anything Nimo could do."

Foolproof was a strong word, but the tenants believed in the legitimacy of their final plan.

With that much training against the paragon, they had studied every ability and technique. In the end, they worked together to create the most perfect plan that would account against any resistance shown by Nimo's alter ego.

One could say they had overprepared for the battle.

"Let's see how it goes. Everyone has done their part, it's on me to show up." Felix uttered with a stern expression as he tightened his grasp on the earring.

Then, with a single, deliberate motion, Felix brought in his hands together and the air around him started to ripple with energy.

In an instant, the once barren battlefield transformed dramatically!

Hundreds of crystallized step-ups materialized across the vast space. These platforms hosted an array of floating sniper rifles, each enhanced with hundreds of activated electrical rings!

The rifles, poised and ready, were loaded with chambers filled with destruction bullets, designed to target and neutralize any symbols that Nimo's alter ego might manifest!

Simultaneously, thousands of tentacles, crafted from water and laced with poison, emerged from the ocean.

They writhed and twisted, creating a labyrinthine network of traps and barriers, ready to ensnare and incapacitate!

Alongside the tentacles, gigantic monstrous beasts rose from the water too...Their formidable presence added a layer of brute force to the battlefield, each creature an embodiment of Felix's control over elemental forces!

In addition to these defenses, Felix strategically opened small spatial portals throughout the battlefield.

These portals, shimmering gateways to different dimensions and locations, served multiple purposes - as escape routes, surprise attack points, or even as means to redirect attacks from Nimo's alter ego!

"This should do it for plan B."

As Felix surveyed the battlefield he had created, his expression was one of calm readiness. He knew he could do more to prepare the battlefield, but at the same time, he understood that more wasn't better...Especially, against beings like Nimo.

He doubted any of his preparation could help much if things went south, but it was better to have them than not at all.

"Foremother, are you set?"

'You may begin.'

After receiving the telepathic confirmation, Felix stepped in the pocket dimension of the earring without batting an eyelid...This time, he entered it with his real body.

As always, the hall, vast and dimly lit, exuded an air of foreboding, its walls etched with inscriptions that shimmered faintly in the gloom.

At the center of the hall, Nimo's alter ego was seen floating above this platform in his dark flame form.

Nothing changed even when the time ran at the same frequency as on the outside.

Felix paused at the entrance of the sealing hall, taking in the scene before him...His journey, marked by relentless training and preparation, had led him to this moment – a confrontation with a being whose power threatened the balance of the cosmos.

As he stepped forward, his footsteps echoed through the hall, each step resonating with the resolve and determination that have carried him through the ages.

His footsteps seemed to have conjured up Nimo's true form as the dark flame turned into a massive serpent-like creature with a headhorse and thin red eyes.

Felix gazed at him straight in the eyes without an ounce of emotion in them.

"Will you look at who resolved to visit..."

Before Nimo's alter ego could make a single sarcastic comment to relieve some of his boredom, he found Felix already right in front of his face while holding onto a battleaxe!

Utterly stunned and confused, he gazed into Felix's eyes, which were shimmering with gray light.

With a fluid motion, Felix raised his battleaxe, the weapon now an extension of his will and the conduit for his spell.

'Eternal Chronoic Chains...'

As he murmured in his mind, a magnificent gray hexagon materialized above Nimo's head, matching perfectly with the hexagon in his eyes!

The hexagon was extremely complex with trillions of tiny runic inscriptions written on it!

If an elf was ever to see them, white foam would emerge from his mouth from being utterly overwhelmed!

Cling! Cling! Cling!...

Suddenly, brilliant white chains emerged from the hexagon, shimmering with the power of trapped time.

The chains descended upon Nimo's alter ego, wrapping around him in an intricate pattern, and binding him in an effect that was so cursed, Felix wouldn't wish it against his worst enemies! Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

It was locking him in an eternal loop of the present moment!

The chains didn't merely restrain Nimo's alter ego physically; they bound his consciousness, making it impossible for his mind to move forward to the future or retreat into the past through memories.

He was trapped, perpetually, in the now...

As Felix stood still before his immobilized foe, the gray in his eyes reflecting the power he had just wielded, he knew that he had successfully executed one of the most formidable spells known in the universe.

Yet, this was merely the first step of their plan.

'Nimo's alter ego is living in the same moment of you entering the sealing hall and sealing him over and over again, without knowing that he is reliving the moment infinitely." Thor said with a solemn tone as he watched Felix get dangerously close to Nimo's alter ego, "It ain't guaranteed if he will ever free himself or not, but he must commit to the merge."

Felix didn't show an ounce of fear or hesitation at such a significant turning moment in his life.

He reached out with his hand and placed it on Nimo's alter ego's frozen face...Then, he uttered the seal releasing key sentence!

The instant he finished, the four soldiers' eyes lit up and seemed to stare at his soul, seemingly asking him if he was sure about his decision.

But it was a mere illusion...Their stiffened hands released the chains at once and they fell into the ground noisily, leaving the platform to be hovering alone.

However, this time, it resembled a mere normal platform without any power to hold back Nimo's godhood...