Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1597 1597 The Infinite Time Loop.

1597 The Infinite Time Loop.

'Here we go.'

The moment the seal was broken, The paragon Lilith showed a faint interested smile on the outside, but her inner emotions showed something else...Impatience, excitement, and a bit of sinisterness.

She was standing among the tenants with her arms crossed, mixing in naturally like Felix's consciousness space had become her home.

It wasn't farfetched to call it as such...She had been staying with them ever since Felix wished for the immunities.

"The seal is broken, now, Nimo's alter ego is being held purely by Felix's time spell," Thor remarked with a solemn tone as he watched Felix and Nimo's alter ego hovering together midair.

While the omnipotent time spell was extremely powerful and considered on the same level as an advanced elemental ability, this was still a unigin.

Fortunately, unigins weren't immune to elements or laws just like primogenitors and other beings. With all of their greatness and powers, they could not obtain immunities like Felix or other humans since their bodies weren't receptive to other elements.

They were immune only to the laws and elements they wielded.

The paragon of sins had assured them that Nimo's alter ego might be able to wish for a temporary immunity, but it was impossible to wish for a permanent one.

That's because the universe delivered wishes only if its conditions to work were already there.

For example, the paragon of sins could never wish to obtain the powers of another unigin regardless of the price unless he had the condition available to host its powers.

Greed laws' wishes were powerful, but not omnipotent.

Without waiting for anyone to tell him what to do, Felix swiftly started the devouring process of the unigins' cores!

"Consume it!"

With a concentrated will, he commanded Asna's core to engage in a direct and perilous confrontation with Nimo's core!

Inside Felix, Asna's core began to resonate, glowing with a radiant white light that signified its purity and immense power.

It pulsated with a steady rhythm, like the heartbeat of a celestial being...Simultaneously, within Nimo, his core revealed itself, shimmering with a dark, ominous color that spoke of its profound and malevolent energy!

Whoosh!! Whoosh!!

As Felix initiated the process, Asna's core reached out to Nimo's core. The air around them seemed to throb with anticipation as the two cores, each a manifestation of their bearer's essence prepared to clash in a battle that transcended physicality!

"It starting!"

"It's really happening!"

"How marvelous...Asna is truly on a higher realm than other unigins."

The tenants were left astounded and dazed at the sight of the two cores, one bathed in light and the other cloaked in darkness, starting to merge, their energies intertwining in a cosmic dance.

This merging created a symbol akin to the yin-yang, representing the duality of their natures ??? light and dark, creation and destruction, good and evil.

Unfortunately for Nimo's core, the resemblance was only in appearance...There was no balance of powers between them as Asna's core began to overwhelm his core!

This was not a battle, this was a feast and Nimo's core was the main dish.

"ARGHHHH.."

Meanwhile, the process wasn't going blissfully for Felix at all.

The throbbing pain was relentless, pulsating through his body and soul in waves that left him gasping for breath and writhing in agony!

He felt like his body was going through all of his seven bloodline replacements simultaneously, putting him in an unenviable situation!

Yet, Felix remained unfazed!

He was already told that the process wasn't going to be a picnic and he prepared himself mentally for it.

"Asna's core is devouring Nimo's core, but since it doesn't want to taint itself with foreign energy and powers, it releases it on the host." Lord Hades shared expressionlessly, "Survive it and you will possess the paragon of sin powers, and after you break through the origin realm, the universe will ascend you to the only available worthy status of your powers...A Unigin."

Lord Hades' words were monotonous, but in Felix's ears, they were like encouraging music.

In his mind, he had finally reached the finish line in his bloodline path, and no matter how painful and agonizing the process was, he would never give in.

He would never disappoint the struggles that got him here!

He would never disappoint Asna who invested everything in him and trusted him even with her core!

He would never disappoint his family, his masters, his friends, and everyone he met on his journey, who made this situation happen in the first place!

"Never..."

With bloodshot eyes and veins popping across his entire body, Felix uttered with great difficulty, finding it hard to even breathe.

While Felix was fighting off against the greatest hurdle in his life, Nimo's alter ego was living in a different scenario entirely.

He was frozen in the very moment of Felix's arrival, locked in a perpetual present. Each iteration of the loop was identical ??? Felix appearing before him, a prelude to a battle that never progressed.

"Will you look at who decided to visit..."

This was the only sentence he kept uttering again and again with each iteration.

To Nimo's alter ego, every loop felt like the first time, his memories of the previous iterations erased, leaving him in a constant state of initial confrontation.

As this eternal loop continued, a sense of unease began to grow within Nimo's alter ego. It was an instinctual feeling, a primal sense of danger that gnawed at him.

'Hmmm? Why do I feel like I am in grave danger?'

The moment this thought came into his mind, Felix showed up before him and the loop started all over again.

With the loop restarting, his danger senses were the only thing being retained.

With the new loop in progress, he transformed jittery, his eyes darting around, trying to discern the source of this inexplicable threat.

'What the hell is going on?'

New loop.

'Am I finally losing it after enduring imprisoned for this long?'

New loop.

'WHAT'S GOING ON IN HERE! IS IT YOU!'

New loop.

'It's coming from my core...How can I feel a threat on my core? Is it the seal?'

New loop.

'My core! What's happening to my core!'

Gradually, he became aware of a strange sensation emanating from his core.

At the start, it was nothing intense, but as more loops occurred, a strong sensation of beingconsumed, eroded from the inside.

Panic started to set in as he realized that his core was under attack, devoured by an unseen force.

Since he couldn't retain memories of Felix appearing in front of him after each loop, his guess was always related to the seal.

Unfortunately, the moment his mind attempted to seek a solution or ponder too deeply, the loop came to a halt and the only thing left in his mind was the mysterious pressing sense of his damnation.

It was a true hellish experience and even Nimo's alter ego seemed unable to break from it.

However, he was still a unigin through and through. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

When his danger senses reached the limit, he was left with no other option but to rely on his powers even though he knew that the seal had them locked down.

'I wish to know what the f*ck is going on!'

He wished while using his greed laws, knowing deep down that his wish was going to fail. But, he was surprised to find out the opposite!

His wish went through and the universe delivered scenes straight into his mind, showing him exactly what was Felix doing to his core outside of the loop lockdown!

'You...'

Just as he was about to react to it, the loop ended with him in the spell's chains and a new one commenced with Felix entering the sealing hall.

All the memories obtained in the past loop were erased yet again, including the ones showing the truth of his dilemma!

However, one thing changed this time...The price paid to fulfill the wish wasn't retracted as it was above the spell's grade.

Nimo's alter ego sensed the change in his energy reservoir, giving him the only hint he needed.

'I used an ability...The seal is broken somehow...' He uttered with a bewildered tone.

In the present, he could feel that the seal was still intact, which created his assumption invalid, but the evidence not lies.

He was certain that he had used an ability, maybe not now, but he did use it...Either in the past or the future.

When the moment came of Felix appearing in front of him and using the spell's chains against him, Nimo's alter ego was finally about to connect some of the dots.

Just before the loop ended and a new one was about to launch, he uttered with a cold tone, "I must be under the effect of a time spell. I wish to be temporarily immune to time elemental/law powers."

Just as the loop was about to conclude, the wish's effect had manifested and the loop ended up frozen in the last split second!

Then, with the shattering sound of a mirror, the sealing hall collapsed into glass fragments, and Nimo's alter ego opened his thin crimson eyes to the sight of his core breaking apart into pieces and enduring absorbed through Felix's body...

With a deep demonic voice that seemed to come from hell itself, Nimo's alter ego asked Felix, "What are you doing to my core?"