Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1598 Prepared Against All Posibilities!

1598 Prepared Against All Posibilities!

"..."

"..."

"..."

For a moment, Felix and the tenants were frozen at Nimo's alter ego's unexpected breakout.

They all knew there was a small chance of their main plan falling off...But still, at the depth of their hearts, they wished for things to go smoothly, believing that the process might end before Nimo's alter ego found the only method to free himself.

They knew about the possibility because Lord Hades had told them Nimo's core wouldn't get frozen by the spell and it would certainly warn him.

Felix went for the omnipotent spell instead of the greater spell used on Nimo for this exact reason, knowing that it would be much weaker and when the core warned Nimo's alter ego, he would break it off much faster!

"PLAN B!" Thor bellowed at Felix.

"F*ck!"

Gritting his teeth and pushing through the agony, Felix launched into Plan B.

With a swift, calculated motion, he channeled his energy to activate a contingency he had set in place...He forcefully kicked, both himself and Nimo's alter ego, out of the safety of the golden earring's pocket dimension!!

The transition was abrupt and disorienting.

One instant they were within the confines of the Sealing Hall, and the next, they were catapulted into the heart of the prepared battlefield!

This battlefield was an expanse filled with floating sniper rifles, destructive bullets, water and poison beasts, tentacles, spatial portals, and most importantly, Foremother Siamese!

"FOREMOTHER!" Felix shouted without any context, but Foremother Siamese understood what he wanted from her.

"No need to yell, I got it."

Foremother Siamese replied calmly as she emerged into the scene in her physical form, resembling a radiant goddess blessing mortals with her attendance.

With a graceful yet powerful gesture, Foremother Siamese unleashed her formidable control over the dimension.

She focused her energy on Nimo's alter ego, creating an intense gravitational field around him!

This field exerted a crushing pressure, invisible yet overwhelming, binding him in place!

Nimo's alter ego struggled against the immense gravitational force, but it was unyielding...He found himself unable to move as if anchored to the very fabric of the cosmos!

'I just need to keep the cores linked no matter what it takes for the next three seconds!'

Felix gritted his teeth, agony overwhelming him, but his mind was as focused as a cat preying on a bird.

All of their plans were anchored around the cores remaining together and the best time to make it happen was when Nimo's alter ego was still stumped by the whole assault!

"Bunch of worms! You think I will stand by and let you succeed?!"

Alas, Nimo's alter ego wasn't a joke to be trifled with...He was fueled with rage and an unfathomable amount of hatred way before the assault took place.

Now that the seal was uplifted, whether he understood what Felix was doing to him or not, he was seeing only red!

Summoning the essence of the Greed Laws, Nimo's alter ego made a new wish, becoming temporary immunity to space, destruction, and gravity!

The air around him crackled with the power of the wish taking effect. A shimmering invisible barrier enveloped him, neutralizing the crushing gravitational force exerted by Foremother Siamese!

Because he was wishing for temporary immunities, the universe wasn't transforming his body to enable the immunities like Lord Marduk was doing with his creation element.

Instead, he was getting a temporary shield or a barrier that was immune to those elements, which in turn, helped him out of his predicament like before.

'He will attempt to escape into the void realm!'

As Felix anticipated, Nimo's alter ego attempted to use void blink to retreat and break Felix's momentum.

He focused, expecting to vanish and reappear far from the battlefield. However, to his shock and frustration, the attempt failed!

"Huh? You..."

Confusion turned to realization as Nimo's alter ego began to understand the depth of his predicament.

He was not merely in a dimensional pocket as he initially thought. Instead, he was trapped within a dimension that was nestled within millions of layers of other dimensions!!!

This intricate labyrinth of dimensional layers had effectively cut him off from the void realm, rendering his escape abilities useless unless he broke through all of the dimensions!

The void realm was a mirror to the universe and all naturally created dimensional pockets and realms.

What Foremother Siamese and Felix cleverly thought to severe Nimo's connection to the void realm was adding unnatural layers of dimensions above the natural one!

This didn't mean that Nimo's alter ego could not establish a connection swiftly with the void realm. After all, he was still the guardian of the void law and realm.

But, in his current predicament, those few seconds to break through the layers of dimensions and establish the connection was an extremely difficult price to pay!

Nimo's alter ego understood this more than anyone else...Still.

"How foolish, I can go around the lockdown with a mere wish." Nimo's alter ego sneered.

"You can try," Felix smirked with a slightly unhinged expression.

Nimo's alter ego didn't like Felix's out-of-place confidence, but he paid it no head and tried to escape through his greed laws.

However, when the fox symbol manifested above him and the wish's effects were about to take place, it suddenly collapsed on itself, which implied its failure!

"How...What did you do?!" Nimo's alter ego uttered with a shocked look.

"If you are so smart, find out by yourself." Felix sneered, not wanting to share his answer since it was related to his sins' immunities.

Nimo's alter ego still had no idea that Felix was immune to all seven sins, which in turn, would make the fight drastically different from what he had in mind.

His wish failing was the perfect example. Because Felix had greed sin immunity and he was considered at the instant 'one' with Nimo's alter ego due to the cores merging, any wish related to teleportation, transportation, or such that would affect both merged cores would always fail!!

All due to Felix being immune to the effects of the greed sins, either positive or negative from Nimo's alter ego!

In the same sense, Nimo's alter ego could not wish to break apart the cores, attack Felix, or such, and Felix desired him to remain ignorant to waste his time with those useless attempts!

With so many great minds involved in this conflict, everything was planned to the last dot to avoid any surprises!

As expected, hisresponse pissed off Nimo's alter ego more than he already was, causing his crimson eyes to be set into flames of evil energy.

"You think I am scared? You want me to stay so bad, so be it." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He said with a suppressed nightmarish voice, removing any thoughts he had anymore about the retreat.

He desired to play it smart to think things through before committing to anything, but now?

"I will prove to you that you are the one who has imprisoned yourself with me, not the other way around."

With a sinister smile that stretched across his pitch-black face, Nimo's alter ego tapped into the wrathful aspect of his immense power, summoning two wrath symbols, each showing a glowing dragon with a menacing red light!

The first symbol pulsated with fierce energy, and in response, Nimo's alter ego underwent a startling transformation.

His body split into seven distinct forms, each a manifestation of one of the seven deadly sins

As these seven forms materialized, the second wrath symbol activated and startedfeeding off Nimo's growing anger and resentment, fueling an increase in strength for each of his forms!!

'Rampage Symbol.'

Felix and the tenants knitted their eyebrows in seriousness after recognizing the symbol...The paragon Lilith had demonstrated to them its potent ability to empower her strength based on her anger level.

During the demonstration, her power increase was mild due to her lack of rage...But in Nimo's alter ego's case?

Within moments, the strength of each form at least doubled, creating a formidable array of adversaries, each radiating with a godly pressure!

"He sure is livid...Now, the fun will begin."

The paragon Lilith giggled while eating popcorn from a small bucket and sitting on a comfortable leather chair, seemingly enjoying a cinematic movie.