Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1599 The Only Win Condition...

1599 The Only Win Condition...

Meanwhile, Felix didn't show an ounce of fear at the sight of the seven empowered versions of Nimo's alter ego, each resembling a black eastern dragon with the head of the sin's animal, and eyes shimmering with the color corresponding to their sin!

He kept his eyes affixed on Nimo's main form, which was the one utilizing the wrath sins. While his forms were freed and surrounded Felix from all directions, Nimo's main form was still in its place due to the cores.

'How irritating, I can't break out my core.'

When Nimo's alter ego attempted to use the simplest option, which was pulling his core away from Asna's core, he realized that was no longer an option!

The three-second widow had elapsed at last!

"You should give it up, more than fifty percent of your core has been devoured." Felix smiled with bloodshot eyes, appearing a little bit crazy, "We are in this together until the end, whether you like it or not."

While Felix said this, in truth, he knew that Nimo's alter ego could still easily separate his core from Asna's...He only needed to sever the connection by killing him.

Asna's core wasn't acting on its own and considered Felix as its new host or owner, and if he died, it would stop the process immediately.

While Nimo's alter ego had no idea about this, he was certain about one thing.

"I promised to torture you when the seal breaks apart, and I am going to keep my promise, but for now." Nimo's alter ego uttered coldly, "Drop dead kindly."

The moment he finished his sentence, his form suddenly shifted, condensing into a more humanoid shape with seven sins symbols tattooed on his chest...His skin was gray and his long hair was crimson, matching well with his bright red eyes.

He was fully nude but had no reproduction organ below, making him gender-neutral like most of the unigins.

Felix ignored the situation down there and focused on his fists and kicks which were chargedwith swirling void and evil energies.

'He wants to fight up close.'

Felix, recognizing the shift in combat style, prepared himself for the ensuing melee...He swiftly downed two potent rank-six potions: God's Pillar and Divine's Protection.

God's Pillar was used to double his all-rounded strength temporarily while Divine Protection enshrouded him in a golden skin-tight barrier capable of absorbing 90% of the damage done to the body temporarily.

Divine Protection was Felix's first original rank six potion and he had honestly concocted it by accident while he was seeking to concoct the potion to facilitate his elemental treasures/minerals absorption.

"How cute, you think some potions are enough to rival me? I can take you down with a single form." Nimo's alter ego snickered in ridicule as he launched at Felix with his empowered fists and legs.

Armed with his battleaxe, Felix remained silent and met Nimo's alter ego head-on.

BOOOOOOOOM!!! BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!...

The clash was immediate and intense, with Felix swinging his axe in powerful arcs, each strike aimed with precision and backed by the augmented strength from the potions!

Alas, Nimo's alter ego countered easily with a barrage of void and evil energy-infused blows,his fists and kicks, creating shockwaves upon impact!

The two monsters moved in a deadly dance, their movements a blur of speed and power, leaving even the primogenitors with difficulty catching up to them!

"Their strength is close to 4 million BF, one punch from them is enough to cripple us for a lifetime." J?rmungandr commentated with a solemn tone as his slits kept sliding across his irises rapidly, trying his best to keep up.

"Nimo's alter ego hasn't even used his other sins...His pride is getting in the way." Elder Kraken shared while staring at the six other forms, floating in the sky menacingly.

Only two wrath symbols were used and Felix was already having difficulty keeping up with Nimo's alter ego's onslaughter.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!....BOOOOOOOOOM!!!

'Sh*t, I can't focus on the pain of the merging process eating through me...Shouldn't this f*cker be under much more intense pain than me when his core is being eaten?!'

Felix, agile and calculated, looked for openings in Nimo's defenses by using truth and wisdom visions merged, but to no avail.

Nimo's defenses were absolutely impeccable no matter how complex his maneuvers were,combining axe strikes with feints and dodges, Nimo's alter ego responded in kind!

His humanoid form moved with a grace and speed that belied its power, countering Felix's attacks with precise and forceful blows, making him seem like he was fighting his entire life. But in reality, this was his first genuine fight ever since he was born!

"Is this all you have? I haven't even used 10% of my powers...Wanting to devour my core with such embarrassing strength? You should be ashamed."

Nimo's alter ego kept mocking Felix constantly, seemingly playing around with him like he had the entire battle in his grasp even when his core was being devoured!

One could only wonder if that was pure stupidity or absolute confidence in his strength and status.

"Aghh!!"

With a bellowing pained grunt, Felix led the battle toward the ocean, trading blow after blow, but receiving most of them, unlike his counterpart.

The instant they reached the ocean, Felix made a mid-air spin and kicked his battleaxe from the hammer's side, causing the blade's axe to surge with deadly momentum!

With an unfazed smirk, Nimo's alter ego merely crossed his arms into an X shape and blocked the raging sharp blade with his infused void/

evil energies!

The battleaxe was extremely resistant to such potent powers since Felix possessed the same powers.

Yet, before its true owner, the blade disintegrated right before Felix's eyes like it was thrown into an acidic pool.

'Sh*t!'

When he tried to pull it away to save it, Nimo's alter ego smiled coldly and tightened his crossed arms around the blade.

"This is what happens when you bring a toy against a god."

Whoosh!!!

Nimo's alter ego released a wave of void energy that was as potent as the void domain at the battleaxe, causing it to get erased in less than a split second, leaving behind only void energy particles...

Before Felix could react to his divine weapon's sudden destruction, the void energy reached and covered him from head to toe.

"ARRRRRRRRRRRGHGHGHHH!!!!"

When the tenants heard this heartwrenching cry, some of them couldn't even keep their eyes locked on the battle, if it was fair to call it as such...

Candace's eyes were already filled with tears while her heart was beating at its fastest speed at the realization that Felix was going through the worst torture in his life.

Even with the divine protection in place, he was still unable to resist the agony of void domain-like abilities mixed with the pain from the devouring process.

"Your cries are music to my ears and I would have liked to hear them for the next million years...Alas, I will have to put a rain check on it for now."

Nimo's alter ego said with a tone of sorrow, knowing that it was time to stop toying with Felix and end him to free his core.

So, he lifted his leg high up, which was already infused with a vortex of intense purple and red energies.

Then, without an ounce of hesitation, he landed on Felix's head with his heel, causing Felix's eyes to roll at the back of his head as he dove feet-first into the ocean!

Splash!!!

Because the cores were interconnected, Nimo should have gone down there too due to the momentum.

However, just like an unmovable god, he remained afloat with his arms crossed and the cores stretched to the limit before Felix's body was the one getting pulled back from the water rapidly!

"Still breathing? I forgot that your body was indestructible." Nimo's alter ego snickered as he watched the fast-approaching uncontrollable body of Felix.

He seemed like he had lost consciousness, but Nimo's other self knew that he was still in there.

Without a change of expression, he tightened his fist next to his wrist while covering it with the other like he was preparing a Kamehameha from a dragon ball.

The resemblance wasn't farfetched as Nimo's other self began to condense void energy, evil energy, and neutral energy together into one point within his fist!

As his body got closer and closer, his fist turned brighter and scarier!

'SIAMESE! SAVE HIM!! HE WON'T BE ABLE TO TAKE IT!' Thor shouted with an agitated tone, feeling his toes curl in utter fear at the insane power within that fist. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"I can't...I can't make a move." Foremother Siamese replied with a cold tone as she glanced at the six other forms of his alter ego.

It might not seem like it, but she knew that the moment she made a move and joined the fight, his other forms would join too...

'Thor, remember what Felix said, if his other self fought him 1v1, never interfere since it's the best chance we have to buy time for the devouring process...' Lady Sphinx closed her eyes as she uttered, 'Felix isn't fighting Nimo's alter ego, he was fighting against time, that's the only win condition we found...'

'I...'

Before Thor could reply, his alter ego's glowing menacing fist came into contact with his stomach...Then, there was no then.