Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1610 Seeking Clarifications. I

1610 Seeking Clarifications. I

"He is gone?"

In the quiet aftermath of the revelation, Felix found himself unable to show a proper reaction...His heart, which should have been filled with grief and anger, was as silent as a deserted graveyard.

As he grappled with this new reality, memories of Nimo began to surface, each one a poignant reminder of the bond they had shared.

Yet, his heart remained unmoving...

"You ruined me..." He murmured with a lost look as he stared into the sky, feeling like his heart had finally shattered after all the beatdowns he went through... 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Now, no matter how much Lilith promised him that she had nothing to do with Nimo's cute version, Felix was simply incapable of trusting her.

All of his memories with Nimo whether good or bad were overshadowed by her presence, making him feel like this was nothing more than another attempt to manipulate him.

As they say, fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.

"You have my powers now. Use greed laws to wish for the truth. If you aren't interested in it, then don't bother me with this subject again, and let's move on to the serious stuff." Lilith yawned lazily, unbothered by Felix's inner conflict.

When Felix heard the first sentence, he raised his eyebrows in surprise.

He knew that he would be able to use the powers of the seven sins after the cores were merged, but he was still a bit taken aback that he could actually use them.

It was a surreal feeling after watching the paragon Lilith and Nimo's alter ego use those busted laws to mop the floor with him.

Still, he tightened his fists and put those thoughts at the back of his mind for now...There would be time to discover his laws and the real truth about Nimo.

In his eyes, if Lilith was telling the truth, then, he wouldn't hesitate to revive Nimo using a part of his soul to avoid her manipulation through him.

If not? It was a lesson well learned.

"How surprising, you managed to swallow the excitement of using the sins laws." Lilith praised.

"Stop trying to butter me up and tell me how you managed to prepare this far ahead. Did you create the void race to help you with this? How did you know I would be able to obtain Nimo's egg and even the sealing hall to contain him? How did you survive the effects of the sealing hall? Most importantly, how did you pull all of this under the eyes of the three rulers? I am not too knowledgeable, but I am certain you being in Asna's core isn't a favorable outcome for them." Felix fired a series of questions with a cold tone.

"Interesting chain of questions." Lilith chuckled as she took a sip from her wine glass.

Felix remained silent, knowing that he had no leverage to make her answer his questions. So, he was depending on her mood and obvious attempts to make 'friends' with him.

Fortunately for him, Lilith wasn't too interested in keeping the truth to herself.

"First of all, I created the void race as a decoy for my severe punishment after I separated my core and placed a new soul in it with all sorts of mechanisms that would imitate a perfect unigin awakening." Lilith shared akin to a bedtime storyteller, "Thankfully, I have received help from Khaos to make them, which reduced the punishment of creating them."

"Lord Khaos has assisted you?!" Candace's eyes widened a little bit in shock.

She always knew that Lord Khaos shared some sort of a relationship with Lilith, but he was always uptight about it.

"Darling, please refrain from shouting in my ear," Lilith said with a polite charming smile, but Candace instantly lowered her head while shivering in her place.

"Can you not bully her?" Felix narrowed his eyes in displeasure.

"I asked her politely, though?" Lilith sighed, "There is no winning with you."

"Candace, stand behind me," Felix said while staring at Lilith.

"I...I..." Candace was left frozen in her place, wanting badly to hide behind Felix, but her feet refused to move.

Lilith was her creator and goddess, her orders and wishes were absolute.

"You may go, darling." Lilith smiled faintly.

Candace immediately stood behind Felix while holding onto his shirt, refusing to let go like she had finally found a life jacket after drowning for five thousand years...

"I believe the creation of void race happened billion years ago, during the primogenitors Era. Are you informing me that's when you started preparing for that significant day?"

Felix continued on the subject like nothing happened.

"Have you seen through the future? Why have you started so early?" He asked with a solemn tone.

One billion years? Asna wasn't even born yet to know that her core would be the key to her freedom.

One billion years? He couldn't even think that far back as it was an unfathomable period. Yet, he was being told that Lilith was preparing for him all that time...It was hard for him to picture it.

"One billion years might seem like a lot for you, but soon enough, you will understand how far the rabbit hole goes." Lilith smiled before answering only the third question, "I had to start early since I knew the punishment of both wishes combined resulted in me slumbering for eons. It would be ironic if I slept through the significant day. Also, I needed some time to create Lucifer, the personification of evil, to help you obtain the very first foundation to become me."

Felix was more curious about how she was able to see that far ahead...In his eyes, if it was wish-related, she wouldn't have hidden it from him.

This made him assume that maybe, just maybe, someone was telling her what to do...His first guess was the unigin of space/time as he was the only one with the capacity to see that far ahead and not be affected by sharing it with others, unlike Lord Zurvan.

"Don't waste your breath on this." Lilith smiled with a tint of sympathy in her eyes, "The reality will find you soon enough, I just desire you would be powerful enough to handle it."

"What do yo..."

"Do you have any more questions?"

Understanding that it was his cue to drop the subject, Felix could only move on with his Q&A, not wanting to waste this opportunity.

"What happened between you and Lord Khaos? It was clear that he desired some sort of payback. Have you used him and threw him away?" Felix narrowed his eyes.

Now when he thought about it more carefully, he noticed that Lilith didn't have a third eye on her forehead while all the void creatures possessed them like Lord Khoas!

In other words, the void race used void powers from Lord Khaos, but sin powers from Lilith, which explained why she was happy with the outcome as it would reduce her punishment duration immensely!

"Ask him, don't bother me with this." Lilith waved her hand carelessly.

Felix glanced at Candace and both of them reached the same conclusion that Lord Khaos must have been manipulated by her.

Felix couldn't picture what would happen to Lord Khaos if Lilith used her lust sins on him when he had no immunity...Even an elemental lord would be played like a fiddle by her.

No wonder he desperately wanted Nimo to replace her and avenge him, knowing that it was beyond his abilities.

Alas, Lilith was simply too devious, even Nimo proved to be her in disguise, ruining his only chance of revenge.

As another victim of her manipulation, Felix understood that the sensation was beyond humiliating...