Chapter 1611 Seeking Clarifications. II

1611 Seeking Clarifications. II

"What about the three rulers? How can they get fooled by you? Aren't their eyes everywhere? Aren't they the most knowledgeable beings in the universe?" Felix frowned, "I can't imagine you or anyone capable of pulling a fast one on them."

"Indeed, they are the most intelligent and knowledgable beings in our universe. But, I am the most cunning." Lilith smirked faintly.

"That's not an answer." Felix's eyelids twitched. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"It is if you stopped thinking of them as untouchable gods." Lilith advised with a knowing tone, "You are about to become a unigin, the closest being to them in terms of powers and intelligence. The faster you accept this fact, the easier it will be for you to take them on. Otherwise, no matter how powerful you get, it wouldn't matter."

"..." Felix remained silent.

He would be lying if he said that the three rulers didn't scare the sh*t out of him...Ever since his rebirth, he was hearing about them being the most fearsome beings in the universe with the capability to handle anyone or anything, even unigins.

The fact that he got killed by a single smite of them and watched his beloved get abducted right before his eyes without the capability to even lift his head, didn't make his dread any better.

He believed them to be the final bosses in his journey and it didn't sit right in his mind to have them played by Lilith.

But, after hearing Lilith's speech, it started to come to him that he was a mere step away from their realm, and if he still considered them untouchable, he would be losing the battle before it started.

'When I was young I considered primogenitors as gods and now that I have surpassed them in strength, I see them no different than the rest of races.' Felix thought to himself as narrowed his eyes at his palms, 'They still surpass me in wisdom and maturity, but with my strength above them, none of that matters anymore.'

'I don't know how Lilith managed to pull a fast one on them, but since she succeeded, it means that they are limited just like any other being.' Felix frowned, 'Gods aren't supposed to be limited, does that mean there is still a true god out there even above them? A true untouchable being?'

"Your thought process somehow makes me feel insulted." Lilith pouted in dissatisfaction, "Just because I did it, doesn't mean an idiot like you can do it too...Don't get too cocky, we are not the same."

Felix's eyelids twitched, but he had no retort.

He hated to admit it, but Lilith was indeed on a different level of cunningness and intelligence.

Just because she was able to make the three rulers have some hard time, it didn't mean that all unigins were able to do the same.

"Still, I will admit that I have gotten a bit lucky, no, we have gotten lucky." Lilith suddenly switched her tone to a serious one.

"What do you mean?"

"At the moment, the celestial energy within the eternal kingdom is at an all-time low after those morons attempted to forcefully break past the universe's heart and reach the other side. Their attempt didn't just fail, it also caused a disturbance in the universe's heart, making it spew less celestial energy than the norm. Now, they are considering giving it another chance and require an insane amount of celestial energy to pull it off, which made them act stringy in their actions."

"Is that why everyone in the eternal kingdom is at war with each other?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

Felix was quite knowledgeable about the eternal kingdom, including the universe's heart, the other side, territorial conflicts between unigins, upper celestial ranks, etc.

After all, he had Duke Humphrey all to himself and when he failed to explain something to him, he asked Lord Hades for clarifications.

By the time he left the heavenly plane, he was more familiar with the eternal kingdom than the universe.

Still, he had no clue that the three rulers were the ones putting the eternal kingdom in a permanent warmonger era due to the absence of celestial energy.

He realized just how important and dear celestial energy was to unigins.

"Yes."

"Why haven't unigins done anything to them? Can't they take them down if they combined their forces?"

"Who told you the unigins don't know about their plans?" Lilith shook her head, "How do you think the three rulers bought most of the unigins to their side? It was through the promise of reaching the other side and breaking free from their universal shackles."

"Is that so..."

Felix wouldn't say he was surprised as he had always assumed that the unigins wouldn't accept being in a hierarchy system unless there was a strong motive behind it.

"If you seek freedom just like them, why are you down here instead of helping them? Why have you chosen me to help you out? In fact, why aren't you taking control over my body, I believe it shouldn't be hard now that both your soul and core are within me." Felix frowned.

Felix genuinely thought that Lilith was bullshitting him before to gain his approval and when she resided in Asna's core, she would get rid of him or something.

So, when he woke up and found out nothing negative happened to him, he was a bit taken aback.

"Because their method would never succeed. As for why I am betting on you instead of taking control over your body?" Lilith smiled with a knowing beautiful smile, "You will come to understand in the future."

"Aren't you worried that I will kill you when I get stronger than you? Aren't you worried about losing your powers after I become the new paragon?"

There were so many ifs and holes in Lilith's plan of letting him take the lead when she had the ability to get rid of him right now and here.

Felix was incapable of trusting her motives no matter how cooperative she seemed.

He might not show it, but he had no intentions in the slightest of forgiving her even if she helped him out from now on without betraying him.

He understood that Lilith could feel the suppressed hatred and rage he was storing for her.

"Whether you believe me or not, I have no interest in leading your upcoming journey. It has to be you and when the time comes, you will see why." Lilith lowered her sunglasses and took a small sip from her glass. Then, she smiled, "As for killing me later on? All I can do is wish you good luck."

Felix remained silent, staying deep in his thoughts.

Lilith seemed a bit too confident in her ability to survive his revenge later on after giving him the freedom to operate as normal.

This disturbed him a bit.

'Does she think I will show her mercy if she helped me reach the top and save Asna?' He narrowed his eyes coldly, 'I understand you can hear me, so listen very well. At the first opportunity, I pledge you, I am going to make you regret the day you have chosen to f*ck with me.'

'I hope you can be rough.' Lilith licked her lips seductively, 'I love it rough.'

"B*tch." Felix gave her a revolting look.

Lilith merely giggled in amusement at his curse while Candace sensed her heart sink to the bottom in fear.

Her beauty and sexiness might be compared to Asna, but Felix didn't feel an ounce of affection or lust when handling her...Only disgust and hatred.

He wasn't afraid to show it in the open now that he understood his fate was interlocked with her and she could not achieve her goal without him.

While it seemed dumb to give Felix this kind of freedom and leverage over her, Felix realized that Lilith would never do this without a reason.

It was second nature for her to be manipulative and he perceived every word and every action she made with that goal as her target.

Lilith gave no head to his thoughts and asked. "Do you have any more questions?"

"You never told me how did the sealing hall not affect you," Felix mentioned.

"It did weaken me, but nothing as serious as what happened to your cute raccoon since our powers aren't on the same level." Lilith anwsered.

"Expected as much." Felix nodded after getting a confirmation.

Nimo had separated his soul into two while his entire soul in the first place wasn't complete since it was part of Lilith.

So, the level of damage done to him couldn't be compared to Lilith when using their laws.

"Have you satisfied your curiosity? Can we talk business now?" Lilith said.

Lilith had indeed anwsered most of Felix's questions about the situation and motives. Whether she was telling the truth or not, his truth eyes hadn't found an ounce of deceit in her tone.

Still, Felix wasn't planning to trust his eyes blindly, having a strong feeling that if Lilith wanted to lie, even the truth vision wouldn't capture it.

"Before we do that, I want my masters and tenants to return." Felix said with a cold tone, "This isn't negotiable."

Felix had no interest in carrying on their conversation without his masters and tenants being around.

"I don't mind, but I see no point in having them around you anymore." Lilith shared with a casual tone, "You are going to lose all of your elemental manipulations and their abilities after you become the paragon of sins."

"I guess it's inevitable?" Felix smiled wryly.

"What do you think?" Lilith rolled her eyes at him.