Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1612 Forced To Start Fresh.

1612 Forced To Start Fresh.

Felix wasn't really surprised to hear that he would be forced to drop all of his elemental manipulations after the ascension.

By now, even if no one had confirmed it to him, he was able to reason about the origin of the three rulers and their relation to the three celestial languages.

"If you dared to step into the eternal kingdom without getting rid of those ugly tattoos, you will be controlled akin to a doll by the three rulers." Lilith mentioned calmly, "The only reason none of them have tried to control you is because Asna's core can absorb the bits of celestial energy released at you from the eternal kingdom. That's also why they didn't bother to smite you again. But, it's a different story if you stepped into their home ground."

"Damn...That's unfortunate." Felix sighed while rubbing his eyelids.

"What are you on about?" Candace asked with a soft tone, having no idea what they were talking about.

"The universe is made out of five pillars...Three celestial languages, the laws, and elements. Elements can awaken their consciousness and become elementals. I believe the same had occurred with the laws and the three celestial languages. In other words, the three rulers are the consciousness of the three celestial languages." Felix shared with a solemn tone.

Ever since Felix heard that elements could awaken their consciousness, he always had the theory that maybe unigins were nothing but the consciousness of laws awakening.

If he took it even further, then the three rulers should be the souls of the three celestial languages.

The fact that three of the highest-ranked divinities were created by them and shared similar names to the three celestial languages made him believe his theory even more.

The only reason he wasn't 100% convinced yet was due to some holes.

Candace spotted them immediately.

"How can unigins be laws gaining consciousness? That doesn't make sense when considering that some unigins have control over multiple laws." She tilted her head in confusion.

"You're right." Felix glanced at Lilith, seemingly passing the question to her.

He was somewhat certain about the three rulers' origin, but his unigins' theory was a bit shaky because of that.

If he considered Asna as a celestial like the three rulers and not a normal unigin, then, she might have some special condition for her birth. But, other unigins' origin didn't make the most sense either.

For example, Lilith was the unigin of seven sins and void laws. Kronos controlled space and time. Lord Hades guarded over spirits and souls, which weren't the same thing either.

So, how could they be the consciousness of laws?

"Don't look at me." Lilith chuckled, "It's not fun if you were given all the answers, is it now?"

"..." Felix's eyelids twitched at her childish behavior...But, he knew that it was impossible to extract information from her unless she wanted to share it.

So, he dropped this matter and returned to his original theory, "Can you at least confirm if the three rulers are the consciousness of the three celestial languages?"

"All I can say is that they rule over the three celestial languages. Whether they are the consciousness of them or not, that's for you to figure out." Lilith replied with a half-assed answer again.

"As you can see, it will be near impossible for me to utilize my elemental manipulations in the eternal kingdom since their source in the first place was the three rulers." Felix sighed in disappointment, "They have helped me reach this far, but if I dared to keep the inscriptions on me, I would be an open target to them."

The worst part? Felix knew that he would be losing his elemental immunites, and bloodline abilities, such as void domain, illusion domain, etc!

After all, their origin was from primogenitors' bloodlines, and the origin of primogenitors' powers were the three rulers, their creators! Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Just like vampires, heavenly turtles, shadowborns, and other races were born with limited elemental manipulation, which was inherited from their ancestors.

Even though they had no visible perfect inscriptions on their bodies, Lady Sphinx had found out that at the depth of their DNA, the universal codex was written!

In the case of elves and dwarves, they had the runic and divine codex also written in their DNA.

They were born with it straight from the universe instead of inheriting it from Lady Yggdrasil or Cyclope.

In conclusion, Felix could not possess an ounce of relation to the three rulers, and the only method to achieve this was by completely wiping out all of his abilities as well.

It was the same as beginning with a fresh character.

"That's unfortunate..." Candace smiled bitterly, "You have worked hard to obtain them and master their abilities. All of that effort would go to waste now."

"It is what it is."

Felix had long since accepted this fact and was prepared mentally for it...The only saving grace from this was the fact he would be in control of seven sins, void law, and evil energy.

Seven Sins' powers were too varied and powerful to cover all of the bases.

"Wait, is it possible to wish for elemental manipulations without the three rulers' constraints?" Candace wondered, "Or at least immunities?"

"I don't know, we will have to test it out later."

Felix was 99% convinced that it would fail in both scenarios since elemental immunites were also related to the three celestial languages.

Unless, he wished for immunites related to unigins, but he didn't know if they would be delivered or not since he understood that wishes related to unigins weren't approved by the universe often.

If it was easy to wish for permanent powers from unigins, then Lilith would have ruled the eternal kingdom a long while ago.

Greed laws were busted, but the universe had its limitations imputed to keep the balance.

Before Felix could test any of his new powers or move on with his discussion with Lilith, he wanted to reach out to Lady Sphinx, understanding that she should have gathered everyone in her consciousness space again.

However, since he was in the elemental galaxy, he had no connection to the UVR...Even his wisps outside were wiped out. It was normal considering his soul was on the verge of collapse.

Lilith left him be, having no interest in convincing him anymore to drop them.

The first thing Felix did was place a wisp in his consciousness space to keep Candace's company against Lilith's bullying...Then, he switched to his main consciousness and stepped outside of the cozy hatch.

'Felix?'

Immediately after, Foremother Siamese's voice resounded in Felix's mind.

'It's me.' Felix replied.

He understood that Foremother Siamese didn't reach out to him after waking up, because she had no clue if it was him or Lilith.

He didn't know how he made it back to the elemental galaxy, but it was clear that Lilith had dropped him off with her Nimo's form and Foremother Siamese could only allow it.

It was better to keep a close eye on him in her territory.

Whoosh!

With a faint breeze, Foremother Siamese manifested in front of Felix from the grass, dirt, and leaves near his hatch.

"How did it go? Sphinx has told me about what happened in the void." She inquired with a solemn tone.

"Is she in the galaxy?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"She is in the fore..."

Before she could complete her sentence, Lady Sphinx appeared in front of Felix from the grain of sand on the ground.

Just as Felix opened his mouth after seeing her face, Lady Sphinx embraced him tightly.

"Master..."

Felix wasn't able to speak anything besides calling her name after sensing her hands clutching tightly into his clothes.

It was unusual for Lady Sphinx to be emotionally distressed, so this spoke volumes of how difficult the situation was for her too.

Felix had no idea that Lady Sphinx had been keeping a watch on him for the past five thousand years, not knowing if he would be the one waking up or Lilith.

All she could do was watch from a distance and wish for the best, knowing that it wasn't in her power to change the outcome anymore...

Whoosh Whoosh!

Suddenly, two gravitational gates opened up near Felix and Lady Sphinx. Wendigo and Saurous jumped out of them and landed on the ground in a kneeling position.

"We welcome back, the master." They uttered simultaneously with their heads lowered.