Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1613 A New Way To Recover Elemental Manipulations?

1613 A New Way To Recover Elemental Manipulations?

Felix ignored them and continued his embrace for a moment until Lady Sphinx let go of him.

"I am glad that you are fine." She said with a warm smile as she held his cheeks together like a mother...Felix enjoyed her touch as he could feel her sincere care coursing through him.

Lady Sphinx might always seem rational, calculative, and distant, but when it came to Felix, she never shied from showing her genuine emotions.

"Did she do anything to you?" Lady Sphinx suddenly switched to a cold expression.

"No." Felix shook his head, "We just talked, I will share the details with you and the others. Speaking of them, are they with you?"

'We are here...Did that b*tch make your life difficult?' Thor responded with a stern tone.

'Do excuse us for not being of any assistance.' Elder Kraken sighed, 'She kicked us off the moment she gained control.'

'How strange, that manipulative vixen would never go this far and simply let you be.' Lord Khoas intoned emotionlessly, but it had a tint of loathing buried in it.

The rest of the tenants each gave out their statements about the situation and the majority seemed concerned.

"Let's talk inside."

Instead of answering them, Felix reached out with his hand to Lady Sphinx, inviting them back into his consciousness space.

Lady Sphinx didn't hesitate to kick them off her mind.

After they entered his consciousness space, Felix glanced at the kneeling darkins and uttered, "You haven't tried to escape? How uncharacteristic of you."

"We wouldn't have dared." Wendigo and Saurous replied.

"Sure, sure." Felix snickered.

He knew that if he had genuinely died or Lilith took complete control over him, they wouldn't hesitate to ditch him...Evil energy made them loyal, but it didn't mean that they loved it.

Still, he also allowed them back into his consciousness space.

'Can I?' Foremother Siamese requested.

'Of course.' Felix permitted her attendance with open arms.

While Nimo's alter ego battle didn't end as he had anticipated, he was more than grateful for her assistance...She had given it her all and he appreciated it.

As everyone gathered, a silent consensus was achieved after they spotted Lilith sitting by the pool without a care in the world...All of their expressions went for the worst like they had seen their worst enemy.

"My little servants, you came back to take care of me again? I knew you would miss me." Lilith chuckled.

"What are you on about?" Felix frowned after noticing his masters and the tenants' expressions getting uglier.

When no one appeared to answer him, Felix glared at Wendigo and he immediately shared with him a memory package of what happened during his slumber.

In less than a second of viewing the package, Felix's rage increased tenfold until his eyes turned crimson red and reflected the symbol of a dragon.

"You really have no bottom line." He uttered with a bone-chilling tone while staring daggers at Lilith.

His reaction was within reason as the memory package showed him a film of humiliation and its protagonists were the tenants.

With her overbearing spiritual pressure and control over his body, Lilith made it impossible for anyone to leave his consciousness space and bossed them around for centuries.

He observed as his masters were turned into servants against their will, listening to her orders and whims forcefully.

Only when she was bored with playing with them and they commenced to irritate her with their noise did she kick them out and leave Candace behind.

"Bottom line? Did I do anything wrong?" Lilith acted confused, "I am a unigin and they are clowns born to entertain us. Isn't my treatment the correct dynamic between us?"

Her acid-laced words were like poisonous knives stabbing all the primogenitors straight in their souls.

But none of them were able to retort against her. After all, their purpose was indeed as described...Clowns, born for entertainment purposes.

"Big words from someone enslaved by the universe." Felix responded coldly, "You can't even use your powers without getting punished, like a child being spanked for misbehaving."

"True." Lilith chuckled, seemingly unaffected by his words. "You will soon join the party and understand how it feels."

Felix remained silent, knowing that any insults directed at her would reflect on him later on.

"Don't fall to her level, she has already shown us how childish she can be for the sake of her amusement." Lady Sphinx came forward.

"You are right." Felix couldn't agree more.

While Lilith was extremely shrewd and intelligent, her childish and playful personality was too irritating to deal with...It was best not to engage with her in such subjects as she could never lose.

"Let's sit down. I have much to share."

Felix and the tenants proceeded to the central table in the town, leaving Lilith alone near the pool.

She also didn't bother to join them...She lifted her sunglasses and continued her relaxation with a wide smile.

Meanwhile, Felix had spent the next half an hour informing everyone about what he had discussed with Lilith.

After he was done, he received mixed reactions.

"The fact she wants to remain hands out in your future journey is great and all, but I have a feeling that even after you become the new paragon of sins, she can still turn on you in the future." J?rmungandr uttered with a solemn tone, "There is no way she will give you this much control without having a guarantee."

Everyone nodded in agreement, even Felix considered the same.

"For now, we don't know what she has planned on the low and we can only move with the stream," Thor added. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Knowing that speculations wouldn't help them with anything at the moment, they could only close this subject.

"On the other hand, it's regrettable that you will be losing your manipulations and abilities." Elder Kraken shook his head in disappointment.

All of them assumed that it was bound to happen, but still, after receiving confirmation, it didn't feel good in the slightest...Especially for Thor and J?rmungandr who had spent the most time in training Felix's elemental manipulations.

"It had to be done, but not all hope is lost." Lady Sphinx narrowed her eyes in the direction of Lilith, "The fact that Asna's core can devour another unigin's core and obtain his powers means that there is a chance you can do the same with other unigins."

Everyone felt their hearts skip a beat at her bold statement...Absorbing the powers of other unigins? If this was possible, Felix could recover a much more powerful version of his previous elements!

For example, instead of the water element, he could absorb Poseidon's core and obtain control over the laws of water, ice, and fog!

He could even ignore his lost elements and go for other unigins like Apollo and Hephaestus!

"This sounds a bit insane, but I can see it working out." Felix knitted his eyebrows thoughtfully.

Just as Felix planned on seeking Lord Hades' help in confirming the theory, a spiritual mirror manifested before everyone...After a few ripples, Lord Hades' expressionless face was displayed on it.

The timing was perfect, which meant he was already watching everything since Felix had opened his eyes.

So, without bothering to greet anyone, he got straight to business.

"Asna's core is considered to be one of the most powerful cores in the universe, rivaling that of the three rulers before awakening." He confirmed with a monotonous voice, "In other words, there is no unigin's core capable of resisting its devouring capabilities."

Felix and the tenants' eyes glimmered in delight at the sound of that. However, before any of them could react, Lord Hades added, "However, whether Felix will be able to enjoy their powers post ascension is unknown."