Chapter 1614 Testing The Equal Trade Symbol.

1614 Testing The Equal Trade Symbol.

"Is it because I will be a unigin?" Felix frowned.

Lord Hades nodded.

Felix understood that unigins were extremely powerful, but that power came with many limitations. The universal punishment was just one aspect of them.

The true limitation was the fact it was near impossible for unigins to utilize any other powers outside of their laws...Especially, if the powers were laws based.

It was like all unigins were in a stadium race and each unigin had their line. The universe made it impossible for them to tread on their peers' lines at all times.

"But, this isn't made in stone yet." Lady Sphinx remarked, "Felix won't be like any ordinary unigin. His origin is a human form and we already know that humans are the only species with the potential to utilize all elements...This might translate to laws."

"Indeed, Felix was never a natural born unigin and some of the universal laws might not apply to him." Thor added, "Who knows? He might not even experience the universal chains after his ascension."

"Hahahaha."

Before anyone could respond, a mocking and irritating giggle resounded from a distance.

Thor's lips twitched in annoyance. When he opened his mouth, wanting to retort against her, his brother Jurmi held him back with a shake of a head.

"It's not worth it."

"You're right." Thor exhaled and ignored that witch.

"There is no escaping from chains after the ascension...A unigin without anything to hold him back is no different than a free-spirited deity. The universe will never allow such a foolary." Lord Hades addressed calmly.

Primogenitors weren't chained because their influence was extremely small...Now, imagine Kronos, the guardian of time/space, without those chains.

He could literally reset the universe back to its original state if he desired...Such powers were too overwhelming to not be policed.

As much as Felix hated, no detested from the bottom of his soul, the thought of being chained and having his actions limited, he had to accept it for the sake of his beloved.

There weren't many chances to climb that insurmountable wall between a mortal and a unigin besides turning into one...

"Fortunately, the universe is somewhat just in its treatment," Felix remarked. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Unigins weren't punished for using their powers, but for abusing them, and there was a big difference.

For example, Lilith was punished only when she used her powers to separate her soul or when she created a new unnatural race with some of her abilities.

The universe wouldn't punish her if she used her powers within a limit.

"You may not know this, but most of the universal punishments are related to lesser beings or the balance of the universe." Lord Hades shared, "If your powers didn't affect those two aspects, it's rare for the universe to intervene. Also, it's very hard for the universe to make a judgment if the situation is too complicated."

"I have noticed this too." Felix nodded.

What occurred in the heavenly plane's war was the perfect example of this. Godfather Hephaestus had actively attacked Lord Hades, yet Lord Hades was the only one punished for all the spirits, which were erased from the universe.

If the universe had a reasonable consciousness, it would notice that Godfather Hephaestus was the culprit and the one deserving to be punished.

Instead, Lord Hades got shafted for failing his duties and Godfather Hephaestus walked freely.

"In other words, you have to understand the loopholes, the dos and don'ts, so you won't have the universe punish you for something not started by you," Thor mentioned with a serious tone.

Felix acknowledged in agreement.

"For now, how about you test out your laws with something simple?" Lady Sphinx suggested, "Try asking if you can use the powers of other unigins after devouring their cores post-ascension?"

Felix decided to go for it...Without delay, he switched his focus to his main consciousness and exited the hatch.

"Do I just will it? Like using bloodline abilities?" Felix asked.

"Yes." Lord Hades anwsered.

Felix closed his eyes and began to summon the greed laws, Equal Trade Symbol.

The air around him thickened, and a profound silence enveloped the space. Then, above Felix, a symbol began to manifest!

It started as a mere wisp, a curl of green mist, but it quickly took form and solidified into the shape of a fox.

The fox symbol, glowing a bright, ethereal green, was elegant yet complex, its many lines and swirls speaking of ancient contracts and cosmic balance.

Felix had seen this symbol so many times, but this was the very first time he was the one summoning it, which made him feel different inside.

"Now, state your wish and choose the payment." Lord Hades said.

"I will choose void energy."

Felix extended his hand forward and imagined a small void rift opening up in front of him.

Almost instantly, a black crack in space manifested and widened until it was big enough for one hand.

"Laws are really on a different level of simplicity..." Felix commented with a pleased look.

He understood that if it was void elemental manipulation, it wouldn't have been this easy. He would have needed to do some mind and elemental gymnastics before the same rift could open up.

Just like someone using concept destruction ability and a law-based version of the same ability.

Felix had to study and understand the properties of the desired concept he wanted to eliminate. But, if he had destruction laws? All he needed was a look and the concept would be gone.

"It makes sense." Lady Sphinx clarified, "Just like bloodlines are considered borrowed powers, the primogenitors are using borrowed abilities from the three rulers. The only difference is that we had to learn and master everything related to our elements while bloodline users receive already mastered abilities."

Felix and the others nodded in agreement.

In their eyes, the three rulers had given them a safe with millions of locks and made them search for the keys required to open every part of it.

Meanwhile, the unigins possessed some of the keys from birth and the rest after awakening.

All in all, no effort was required and Felix was more than pleased with this.

Soon, he placed his hand inside the void rift and drew forthan immense reservoir of void energy.

As the void energy coalesced around him, forming a vortex of dark, pulsating power, Felix spoke his wish inwardly, 'I seek the truth. Reveal to me whether it's possible to benefit from the Unigins' abilities if Asna's core devours their cores...I offer this void energy as my payment.'

Whoosh!! Whoosh!!

The universe seemed to not care about the spoken language as the Greed Laws responded to his call by absorbing an uncanny amount of void energy through the symbol, resembling an infinite black hole!

To everyone's surprise, the symbol kept on absorbing nonstop for a minute, five minutes, and then an hour!

"Isn't taking a bit too long?" Foremother Siamese murmured.

"It's normal, elemental energy is considered the cheapest currency used in those trades. Sometimes, the symbol may absorb it for more than a day and eventually cancel the trade." Candace anwsered her, "Djins avoid using it because of this."

Equal Trade Symbol worked based on value...Elemental energy and neutral energy were everywhere, which made their values at the bottom of the barrel.

The rarer and greater the payment, the better.

If Felix possessed some celestial energy in his tank, the trade would have been concluded in a few seconds at best due to its immense value.

Even though Felix knew this, he used void energy to also assay out the bottom line of the universe.

Unfortunately, he was left waiting patiently for more than twelve hours and when the trade was concluded and the response came to him, he was left speechless.

The universe didn't speak to him in words but implanted the response in his mind like he always knew it.

"Unknown? After painstakingly waiting for half a day, all I get is unknown. You kidding me?" Felix gazed at the sky with a wronged look like had just gotten scammed.