Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1615 Let's Pump Those Numbers.

1615 Let's Pump Those Numbers.

"The universe doesn't answer questions or problems that have never been tested before."

Lilith suddenly appeared next to the central table and anwsered Felix while eating a red apple...She was still in her swimsuit but had a transparent robe over her.

Everyone went silent and gave her a deathly unwelcoming glare...But, she didn't seem bothered by them.

She pulled a chair and sat with them with a bored look...Without anyone asking her, she started sharing the limitations of the Equal Trade Symbol.

"If it's a one-on-one wish in the universe, it can't be canceled until the price is paid. Even if the price is paid, it doesn't mean that the universe will deliver satisfactory results. You aren't paying to fulfill the wish, you are paying to see if the wish is even possible or not. So, whether it fails or it succeeds, you should always know that your payment isn't refundable."

Felix waited until she finished and then uttered coldly, "Who asked?"

Just because she was teaching him about her laws, it didn't mean that he was willing to accept them with open arms...He wasn't that cheap after literally just witnessing his masters getting humiliated by her.

Plus, if she really cared, she could have come forward before taking the test, instead of letting them rot for twelve hours.

"I don't care about your touchy feelings." Lilith yawned lazily, "You are going to listen as I have no patience to watch you test every single law and its limitations."

"For someone with patience to wait one billion years for my birth, you sure are full of crap." Felix sneered.

Seeing that he wasn't planning to lend her an ear, Lilith merely snapped her fingers, and Felix's pupils widened after a memory package was forcefully shoved in his mind.

In less than a split second, he read and analyzed the package, making him more informed about all of the available symbols to him!

"You..."

"You're welcome,"

Lilith said as she bit a huge chunk from her apple, uncaring about the juices flowing down her cleavage in front of everyone.

After a couple more quick bites, she finished the apple and flicked it to the middle of the table. Then, she walked back to the pool, making a clucking noise with her sandals.

"What a freaky creature..." Thor commented, having a weird feeling that her personality was a mix of multiple characters.

The others had the same feeling too.

"I guess we can skip straight to the real deal now," Felix uttered reluctantly after the joy of testing his new laws was stolen from him.

"What are you planning to do?" Thor asked.

"Since I can use the laws now without the universe's judgment sword over my head, I am thinking of using some wishes for my friends, my race, answer some questions, and enhance my strength a bit before the ascension," Felix replied.

Felix knew that the moment he entered the eternal kingdom, he might never leave it.

Since he couldn't take his friends with him or protect his race, he wanted to do one last thing for them before taking off.

He wasn't doing it out of the goodness of his heart as that was long since erased...He simply had nothing to lose and he was a man of his word.

He always wanted to help his race get stronger to fend for themselves and the opportunity finally presented itself.

***

After Felix spent a couple of hours messing with his sin symbols, he left the elemental galaxy and headed to the void nation's dimensional pocket.

He achieved it with a single thought, creating a void portal that connected the dimensional pocket to his location!

It was the same as Lord Khoas' advanced portal ability and he was able to utilize it with a mere thought while Lord Khaos had spent god knows how many eons to master it!

The moment Felix emerged from the portal, a ripple of awareness spread through the void nation like a shockwave.

Every creature, from the smallest void-ling to the councilmen, felt an overwhelming presence wash over them.

'Hmmm?'

'What's that?'

'Why does it feel like little god's aura?'

It was more than just the return of their leader; it was the advent of something divine that resonated deep within their very essence.

Instinctively, everyone dropped whatever they were doing and rushed to the portal's area. When the crowd arrived and noticed Felix floating with an indifferent expression and a pure sinister aura revolving around him, everyone began to kneel as if compelled by a force greater than themselves.

It started with those nearest to Felix, their bodies bending in involuntary reverence, and spread outwards in a wave of submission and awe.

Each one felt an undeniable urge to show their respect, a deep sense of worship that was both bewildering and absolute.

Felix, standing amidst the sea of kneeling beings, took in the scene with a mixture of surprise and understanding.

'I can feel a feel a deep sense of connection with everyone like I can erase their existence with a mere thought.'

He realized that the changes within him, the transformation and the power he had gained, emanated an aura of authority and divinity that the void nation was innately sensitive to.

As he walked through the ranks of his followers, a silent procession of kneeling figures on either side, Felix felt the weight of their reverence. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"My Lord, welcome back." Arthur greeted with his head lowered.

"Congratulations on the ascension. I always believed you would achieve it." Mammon uttered respectfully.

"Hahah! I can't believe this, my king has turned into my god." The Ruiner laughed boastingly as always, "It couldn't get any better!"

"The tattoos befit you," Meriam said with a tint of seduction in her voice.

'You haven't told them about what happened?' Felix asked Candace telepathically.

'It was for the best.' Candace nodded.

Felix agreed as there was no need to let his subordinates know that he had lost the battle and their real goddess was hitchhiking in his mind.

It would just make them confused about their loyalty.

Felix left them believing in his victory and ordered them to follow him to the wrathful creators' district.

Without asking questions, the councilmen chased after him while the rest of the void nation citizens returned to their duties with an uplifted spirit.

Knowing that their king possessed now the true powers of their creator was the greatest moment in their lives since it meant he could finally help them improve their powers!

...

Somewhere in the emptiness realm, Felix and his councilmen stood facing the wrathful creators.

These creatures, resembling giant nightmarish insects with massive abdomens and menacing mandibles, skittered and hissed, their presence a palpable threat.

There was an army of them consisting of hundreds lined up akin to factory workers. Meanwhile, the void creatures of all sorts of sizes and shapes kept emerging from the bottom of their abdomens.

"During your absence, we have managed to increase our family of wrathful creators by twenty. Now, we possess close to 90% of the total."

Arthur shared with a tint of pride in his voice as he watched the wrathful creators pumping out massive numbers of void creatures each minute.

"We have also collected close to twenty billion void creatures in the past five decades." Meriam added, "We knew that you would need a massive quantity to use as currency for your wishes after you return. So, we not once stopped or lazed around."

"Great job." Felix praised.

He was pleased with their efforts as he indeed desired a massive quantity of emptiness creatures for his upcoming wishes.

Still, twenty billion emptiness creatures weren't enough for the kind of vision he had.

"Let's pump those numbers a bit, shall we?" Felix remarked calmly as he floated closer to the wrathful creators.

Then, he pointed his finger at them and uttered calmly, "Flawless Clone Symbol."

As Felix activated the symbol, the black tattoo on his chest glowed with a sinister dark light and was followed by the emergence of a similar symbol above the wrathful creators.

A stream of invisible dark light shot from the symbol, encapsulating the wrathful creators in an ethereal glow.

Within moments, a remarkable transformation occurred.

Next to the original wrathful creators, exact duplicates began to materialize!

These clones were a perfect replica, mirroring every detail of the original, from the terrifying mandibles to the intricate patterns on its abdomen!

The recently cloned wrathful creators turned their attention to Felix...With a commanding gesture, Felix directed the clones to begin the breeding process of emptiness creatures.

The councilmen and the tenants watched with widened pupils at the recently emerging army of wrathful creators, doubling down the numbers of created emptiness creatures in a matter of seconds!!