Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1619 Preparing His Parting Gifts...

1619 Preparing His Parting Gifts...

The moment Felix finished his question, chaos erupted in the chamber as everyone rushed towards him while shouting excitedly.

Not wanting to have his private space invaded, Felix merely gave them a faint smile and everyone halted in their place against their will.

"No need for such ruckus, it's not like I have returned from death." Felix chuckled, still possessing some of his sense of humor after all the trauma he went through.

"Is it really you?" Zosia narrowed her eyes at him, "The ten rulers announced your death, and Queen Ai didn't announce anything after you returned...Something doesn't add up."

"Are you suspecting me for being an imitator?" Felix smiled.

Zosia didn't confirm it, but her silence was enough.

"You are as cautious as ever. No wonder Noah kept you in charge of the federation after he took the supreme leader's position."

Felix was more pleased than annoyed as this was the appropriate reaction of a natural-born leader.

Not wanting to cause trouble and make their lives harder, Felix requested Queen Ai to confirm his identity.

Queen Ai confirmed his identity easily by reading his unique ID, which couldn't be replicated, stolen, or changed.

"It's really you..."

Only now did Zosia drop her guard and allow her emotions to run amok. Felix wasn't a normal being to her or any other human.

He was a legend, the pride of the human race, and some people even considered him as their deity, worshiping him for blessings after his death.

So, everyone's reaction was more than understandable.

"I don't have much time here and I just came by to check on you guys." Felix added with a casual tone, "I also fixed Earth, so feel free to move in again and recivilize it. Zosia, I will contact you later on for a mission, be available."

Before anyone could react to his insane statement, Felix said his goodbyes and disappeared through a void portal again.

After he left, Maganda chief, Gabrial, Zosia, and the rest of the leaders kept staring at each other in silence...But, everyone's eyes had a hint of crazed excitement.

They had no idea if he had died and revived, he was in hiding, trapped, or whatnot...The only thing they cared about was the fact that he had returned!

"Do we announce it?!"

"Did he tell you to announce it?" Zosia glared at the leader who suggested this.

"No..."

"Then, keep it to yourselves." Zosia ordered with a solemn tone, "For now, we only have one task and that is restoring civilization on Earth and turning it into the greatest planet in the universe."

Zosia had no idea what Felix needed from her as she knew that even before his disappearance, his authority and reach had already surpassed her capabilities by miles.

So, all she could do was wait patiently for his call.

***

Sometime later...

Felix could be seen sitting on top of a ruined metallic skyscraper with green moss and vines growing all over it.

Selphie, Olivia, Noah, Bodidi, and Malak were standing next to him, gazing into the distant wasteland of what was once a rowdy capitalistic city of New York.

Felix had met with them half an hour ago and gave them some details about his previous journey and how it led him here.

He also informed them that he now possessed the powers of the paragon of sins and he used them to restore the planet and planned on using them to fix the human's non-existent cultivation system.

"I have no idea how you managed to get your hands on such godly powers...But, I know that it must have been difficult." Selphie uttered with a soft tone as she gazed at Felix from the side.

Felix merely gave a forced smile and remained silent, not wanting to lie to them that he had won his battle.

"What's your next goal in life? I think you have already reached the peak." Malak said with a tone filled with reverence, "No one and nothing can stand before you now."

"It's true! You are already capable of putting even primogenitors in their place." Olivia agreed with an elated tone, ecstatic for Felix's achievement.

"..." Only Noah uttered nothing.

Unlike them, his master Fenrir kept him in the loop on many things and this made him understand that Felix's journey was nowhere near its end. It was just about to get tough like never before. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

All he could do was tighten his fists in helplessness, having no way of assisting Felix in his path after everything he had done for him.

'Don't beat yourself up Noah, I don't wish this fate for anyone.' Felix smiled kindly at Noah after noticing his emotional instability related to his weakness.

With the powers of the paragon, he could sense everyone's emotions and desires like he was looking into someone's expression.

'Still...I want to be of some sort of value to you. I don't care if it's dangerous, I am willing to let go of everything and head to the eternal kingdom with you to save Asna.' Noah said with a hardened tone.

Even when Fenrir shared some of the dangers of the eternal kingdom, he still desired to follow after Felix and be of his assistance in that foreign land.

'I appreciate the gesture, but that place isn't made for mortals, unfortunately.' Felix shook his head, 'Your elemental manipulation can be used against you there.'

As much as Felix valued Noah's grits and bravery, he had no interest in taking him along. He had already dropped the thought of bringing primogenitors with him to be his subordinates.

Lilith's confirmation of the three rulers' origin made him understand that his only subordinates and allies were the void nation.

That's because they were made out of void and seven sins, making him the sole ruler of them...Even Lord Khaos' participation in creating them wouldn't make a difference.

'But...'

Seeing that Noah was having a difficult time accepting it, Felix said with a serious tone, 'Instead, I have another mission for you and I don't know if you are willing to go for it.'

'Just name it.' Noah uttered while giving him a stern look.

'I want you to enter the spirit realm and help my grandfather reach the heavenly plane safely. You can also help your little sister do the same.' Felix said.

'Hmmm?' Noah's pupils enlarged a bit, 'But how? Even if I entered the spirit realm, I don't know how to locate their spirits.'

Noah had already thought about doing this for a very long time to save his little sister's spirit, but nothing worked.

Entry to the spirit realm was already a barrier on its own, don't even mention finding a specific spirit in its infinite space.

'Don't worry about that, I have it covered.' Felix said, 'All I need is a yes fro...'

'Yes, I am ready at any moment.' Noah replied instantly.

'I didn't think you would be this eager.' Felix chuckled, 'But hold your horses, you are still the supreme leader and before you head out, your position had to be handed to either a human or a void citizen.'

'I will have it handled.' Noah promised.

'Good.'

Felix could only shake his head inwardly...He knew that Noah was obsessed with his little sister and would do anything for her.

But still, to give up everything he had accomplished and go on a mindless and numbing journey of searching in the spirit realm was too much, even by his standards.

'This is my gift to you, I wish you won't regret it...'

Felix planned on leaving one last gift for his friends by using his powers.

In the case of Noah, he desired nothing more but to see his sister and Felix decided to give him a path to achieve this impossible goal.

Whether he regretted it or not, it wasn't up to him.

Soon, Felix turned to look at Selphie and couldn't aid but feel a tingle in his core at the way she was looking at him.

It was filled with love, affection, compassion, and loyalty...A look only Asna, Nimo, and his grandfather used to give him.

The only difference was that those emotions were one-sided and they would always remain like this...

'I am sorry Selphie, but it's time to free you from your curse.' Felix smiled at her, making her blush shyly.

She had no idea that this was the last time she was going to feel like this for Felix...