Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1620 Creating The Ultimate Cultivation System! I

1620 Creating The Ultimate Cultivation System! I

Felix didn't want before to manipulate Selphie's emotions. He saw it as somewhat of a personal invasion...But now that he was planning to leave this universe and had no idea if he would ever return, it was far cruel to leave Selphie in this state.

Elves could genuinely love only once in their entire lifetime and that's why they were extremely picky in their love partner and why their birthrate was incredibly low.

Felix knew that if he left for the eternal kingdom, Selphie's obsession with him would get only worse and worse until it would ruin her life.

He considered her as one of his dearest friends and refused to let such a fate befall her.

'She is a kind girl who deserves to be happy and as far as possible from my life.'

Felix wasn't even sure if he would make it out of this alive and he had no interest in bringing his friends into his mess anymore.

"Boss, how are you going to create a new cultivation system for an entire race? Is that even possible?" Bodidi interrupted Felix's thought process.

"I am also curious."

Olivia and the others showed the same amount of interest.

They knew that creating a cultivation system wasn't something easy...Even the bloodline integration cultivation system was considered unnatural with many limitations.

They doubted Felix would create another one similar to the bloodline system since it wouldn't change the fundamental aspect of humans being born without a cultivation system.

"You will find out soon enough." Felix said calmly, "For now, get Zosia on the line and tell her to prepare one hundred children with different unlocked affinities and no relation to origin bloodliners."

"Age?" Malak asked.

"From twelve to sixteen."

"You got it."

After she left to focus on the task and even participate in it to make sure the best quality of children was brought in, Felix turned to Bodidi, Olivia, and Noah.

"I will request to run some experiments on you if that's okay."

"I don't mind."

"Mmmm."

"As you wish, boss."

All of them agreed at once even when they had no clue what kind of experiment it would be.

Without further ado, Felix dusted his palms and blinked himself and everyone to the street at the bottom.

Unbothered with the ruins and desolation around him, Felix tapped into his illusion domain and created a functioning laboratory with equipment, tables, chairs, and various essential instruments.

Within moments, what had been an empty plot of land amidst the ruins transformed into a state-of-the-art laboratory.

It was simple in its design, yet equipped with everything Felix needed for his work.

"It feels mystical every time I see it..." Olivia murmured with an awed tone as she walked into the laboratory with Felix and the others.

"Stand in one line." Felix requested.

When they followed his request, Felix invoked the envy symbol, its glow casting an eerie light around them. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

As the symbol pulsed with life, Felix extended his hands, and from the ether, ethereal figures began to take shape.

Mere outlines at first, gradually gained form and substance, their features meticulously mirroring those of Olivia, Noah, and Bodidi!

"This..."

"Hmm?"

"Wow!"

Selphie and the others were left with astounded and a bit freaked-out expressions at the sight of their perfect counterparts standing in front of them with soulless eyes.

"Are those real clones?" Selphie was the first to ask, "Do they possess the same strength and powers, I mean?"

"Yes." Felix nodded calmly, "But don't worry, I left out their souls as I just need your bodies to run my experiments without harming you."

"Souls?"

"You can even copy their souls..."

Noah and the others felt a tingle of dread in their heart as they gazed at Felix.

When they met Felix earlier, he acted normal and this made them sense comfortable around him just like old times even when they heard about his newly godly powers.

But, only now did it finally click in their minds...Felix was already at a godhood level where miracles to him seemed like common occurrences.

'Sigh...' Felix could feel their inner turmoil and all he could do was smile wryly.

In his eyes, he would have acted the same if his friend had come along and shown him that he could create a perfect clone of himself, which indirectly removed any sense of uniqueness from him.

So, he didn't take it against them and began the experiment by beaming an illuminating white sphere inside a glass container.

Selphie was the first to break from her initial shock and alter the subject with a surprised tone, "Is that what I think it is?"

"A Pandion Core." Felix nodded.

"Pandion core?" Olivia tilted her head in confusion, "What are you planning to do with it? Are you trying to clone the pandion's cultivation system?"

"No." Felix smirked, "I am preparing to improve it and make it the new human cultivation system."

"Improve it? How?" Bodidi asked with a startled tone.

He understood that Pandion's cultivation system was considered almost perfect when compared to many other systems.

Perfect in the sense of its design instead of its potential.

"We all know that pandions are born with a small core in their abdomen that's capable of absorbing neutral energy." Felix shared, "This core helps them enhance their all-rounded strength until it gets harder and harder for it to transfer energy into an adequate strength."

"Most importantly, It also gives them manipulation to neutral energy," Felix added.

"If we humans were born with this core...We will get stronger over time and most importantly, we will have manipulation to neutral energy."

"It will be amazing alright as none of us will request to go through the agony of bloodline integration." Olivia commented, "But, where is the improvement?"

Felix brought out the core from the glass container and controlled it to float in front of his friends' faces. Then, he uttered with a faint grin, "Now, imagine if we were able to use the neutral energy manipulation to convert it into elemental energy based on our highest affinities to elements."

"Huh?"

"You serious?"

"How can that be possible?!"

None of them took the news lightly as they knew that if Felix managed to pull this off, humans would literally possess the ultimate cultivation system!!!

It was a known fact that humans had access to all elements in the universe within their genes...But they were locked up and only one or a couple were unlocked during their birth with a different rating of affinity.

Since there were more than a hundred elements, many humans were born with a high affinity to rare elements but could do nothing with them since there weren't beasts with a representing bloodline.

So, it was always believed that being born with common or uncommon elements was considered a gift and the opposite was a curse.

But with this new cultivation system, natural order would finally be restored and those gifted humans would possess access to powerful elemental manipulations or even duel manipulations!

Imagine a human capable of manipulating life, death, radiation, chaos, or even vibration elements!

Now imagine a hundred trillion or even more of such humans.

They would own the universe as a collective race at last!

Soon, Olivia and the others woke up from their dreamland after realizing that it sounded great only on paper.

"How can you achieve this? Possessing elemental manipulation without relation to the primogenitor or the universe making a move personally is impossible." Selphie frowned.

She was trying her hardest to see through Felix's method, but she kept failing to discover it.

"You will see later how it will work." Felix rubbed his chin thoughtfully, "For now, I have to discover the best way to make a pandion's core compatible with our genes."