Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1621 Creating The Ultimate Cultivation System! II

1621 Creating The Ultimate Cultivation System! II

Felix knew that achieving this step was 50% of the work and the rest could be easily handled with a wish.

But genetic compatibility wasn't a simple subject...Fortunately, Felix had studied it thoroughly with Lady Sphinx's help during his research period when he was mastering all alchemy fields.

"What are you going to do?" Selphie asked with an intrigued look as she watched him draw blood from the clones.

"Running a process called genetic mapping to highlight similar sequences between races," Felix responded while placing the blood vials inside the reading consoles.

When he pressed 'start', three holographic displays sprang to life, showing a detailed map of Olivia, Noah, and Bodidi's genetic codes.

The strands of DNA twirled and twisted in a mesmerizing dance, revealing the secrets of their being.

Noah and the others recognized their DNA and the heavy difference between them and Bodidi...But, that was the limit of their understanding unlike Felix, who was able to process every piece of information easily through his wisdom eye.

After he finished the reading, he repeated the same process, but this time with a Pandion's DNA.

He had almost all races' DNAs, plus other peculiar items and treasures in his spatial cards, knowing that a day would come when he might use them.

After he initiated the genetic mapping sequence, he requested Queen Ai to highlight specific genes and markers, identifying potential points of compatibility between his friends' DNA and the Pandions' DNA.

When Queen Ai was done, Felix was slightly surprised to see that both races shared a much better compatibility than he assumed...The opposite was for Bodidi's as the compatibility wasn't even in the 1% range.

'It must be due to races originating from mammals.'

As the analysis progressed, Felix took notes, his expression a mix of concentration and interest.

Now, he was looking for commonalities, areas where human DNA might naturally align with the Pandion's ability to create their core at their growth stage.

If he managed to find this exact responsible genome sequence, he would be able to genetically modify the future generation of humans to possess the same ability.

He also noted areas of potential conflict, where human genes might resist or react adversely to the core's integration.

The lab was silent except for the soft hum of machines and the occasional beep of a completed analysis.

'This can't be it...Not this one either...Is it? No...'

Felix worked tirelessly, his mind a whirlwind of thoughts and calculations.

He knew that he could easily reach out to Lady Sphinx and help him out since she had already considered genetically modifying him with a Pandion's genes.

In the end, she chose the devourer's cultivation system, knowing that it would help him the most with his physical strength.

Pandion's core was great, but it would have never given Felix a strength boost of 300K BF total.

As hours slipped into the realm of late night, a particular sequence caught Felix's attention at last.

It was a complex chain of genetic information, but within it, Felix saw the rhythm of potential.

"This is it...It has the details of the process of absorbing, converting, and even storing neutral energy in a way that is both efficient and potent."

This sequence appeared to be the blueprint for how Pandions naturally developed their cores!

"All I see is a bunch of letters...How can you know that?" Bodidi asked with a deep yawn, bored from watching Felix doing nothing but staring at a screen.

"If you considered our bodies as books and those genetic letters to be instructions, then it's not weird to be able to read them like a language and figure out what each sentence meant and did to us," Felix explained it in easier terms.

"I see, If that..." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Stop bothering him, if you are bored, go out and walk." Olivia chided before Bodidi could add another question.

Bodidi went silent instantly, not wanting to go anywhere in this empty wasteland.

Meanwhile, Felix leaned closer, his fingers deftly navigating the 3D model of the genetic sequence. He isolated the chain, examining each twist and turn with a keen eye.

There it was, a series of genes that, when expressed in a certain way, initiated the formation of a core.

"Now, to the interesting part of the experiment."

Felix cracked his fingers as he prepared for the procedure to modify the genetics of the clones.

His friends' eyes showed a glimmer of anticipation and curiosity as they watched him put the clones inside giant glass pods with a sticky blue liquid.

Felix initiated the modification process, his hands steady as he manipulated the equipment to introduce the sequence into their DNA.

The lab was filled with a low hum as the machinery worked to splice the genetic key into their very essence, aiming to grant them the ability to absorb and convert neutral energy just like the Pandions.

One by one, the monitors showed the progress of the integration.

Felix observed with bated breath, his hope a tangible force in the room.

'Will I succeed in the first attempt?'

Before this thought could take root in his mind, Olivia was the first to have a soft reaction as her body started twitching inside the pod while her heartbeats accelerated significantly!

"What's happening?" Olivia asked, not enjoying the sight of her clone suffering in her place.

"Your body has rejected the modification. It fought off the foreign sequence as it would any invasive entity." Felix anwsered.

The monitor displayed a series of rapid fluctuations before stabilizing, and the sequence was ultimately expelled from her system.

Olivia's clone returned to her normal state.

Next was Noah.

The integration proceeded further with him, the sequence weaving into his DNA. But then, an unexpected genetic anomaly triggered a cascade failure. The sequence, incompatible with this anomaly, unraveled, leaving Noah's genetic structure untouched by the intended modifications.

"As expected, it's your werewolf's genes getting in the way. Your body has already been genetically modified to almost perfection by my master. It's extremely difficult for you to obtain the core." Felix clarified with an understandable tone.

"I see..." Noah seemed a bit disappointed.

He understood that Felix had chosen them as his test targets not because he knew they wouldn't refuse him, but because he wished for them to have the same core too.

It would be a great boost to their strength and if he finished the entire cultivation system, it would open up new possibilities.

Alas...

"What about me? Did my body succeed?" Bodidi inquired with a slightly excited tone as he observed his clone make no reaction.

"Oh, your clone has died already." Felix shattered his hopes and happiness with a casual tone as he had already expected this much to occur.

"..." Bodidi was exited speechless.

He did notice his clone's heart stop beating, but he believed that it shouldn't be possible for him to die that easily without sounding even a fart in the process.

"Did you know this will happen?"

"Yes."

"Then, why the hell am I even part of this experiment?"

"Can't you tell?" Felix gave him a weird look, "For collecting anomalies if one ever seems to occur."

"You monster..." Bodidi felt an urge to cry but had no tears to spill.

"Is it really necessary? Why does it seem like an attempt to bully him?" Selphie chuckled in amusement.

"As much as I would want it to be that, it's no longer fun to bully him." Felix replied with an easy-going tone, "The first thing Master taught me is to always add an unrelated subject to the experiment with close to zero odds of something good coming out of it."

"Why?" Olivia asked.

"When it comes to genetic manipulation, nothing is set in stone and even my master has almost got me killed once." Felix said with a serious tone, "If the certain isn't certain, then the uncertain might be certain."

In other words, a miracle might have occurred and Bodidi's clone could have not just obtained the powers to create a core and handle it, but go beyond and evolve it somehow to give him other sets of powers!

That's the beauty of genetics and evolution. No one could truly 100% predict the outcome and it was always best to keep one's options open for anything.

But, in this case...

"You are useless now. You can leave and assist Malak and Zosia with the children, I need some of them today." Felix shooed away Bodidi while erasing his clone from existence.

Bodidi could only leave the laboratory while cursing under his breath.