Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1623 Creating The Ultimate Cultivation System! IV

1623 Creating The Ultimate Cultivation System! IV

"Lord Marduk, have you prepared the requested sentence?" Felix inquired.

"Yes." Lord Marduk replied with a solemn tone, "Are you sure about this though? If you went for it, it would be the same as declaring war against the three rulers."

"The war has already been declared before I was born," Felix said coldly.

"I am more worried that you will be giving them a way to control humans." Thor interjected.

"One sentence shouldn't be enough to do that. Plus, by the time the new cultivation system spreads far and affects the majority of humans, one of us will be dead," Felix replied.

Seeing that Felix had already made up his mind to commit to this plan, the tenants remained silent and watched Lord Marduk pass a new sentence written in universal codex language.

He even gave him the pronunciation of it too.

"I don't know if it will succeed or not, but theoretically, it should work." Lord Marduk mentioned, "I have followed the exact principle of the universal codex to create the technique."

"Let's find out."

Above Felix, the familiar form of the Equal Trade Symbol, the ethereal green fox, materialized. It awaited his command, ready to broker a deal.

Felix understood the gravity of this moment...He wasn't just going to create a cultivation system, but he was about to encroach on the three rulers' territory.

Felix walked towards the clones and placed both of his index fingers on their foreheads. Then, he slid them from left to right, leaving behind a small string of black letters.

It was like he inked their foreheads.

Olivia, Selphie, and Noah watched with intrigued looks, having no idea what Felix was doing at the moment.

'Repeat after me.' Felix ordered as he read the sentence with the right pronunciation. The clones repeated word by word mindlessly.

Alas, nothing happened.

'As expected, unless the three rulers gave their blessings, we can't utilize their celestial languages.' Felix wasn't surprised.

He planned to create a technique using the universal codex, which would grant anyone possessing it the technique to convert neutral energy into elemental energy with the high enough affinity!

He knew that was more than a possibility since the citizens in the eternal kingdoms were doing the same thing.

The only difference was that they possessed divine energies and the blessings of the three rulers to use their languages as they saw fit.

But in his case? He had neither, which pushed him to rely on his trusty sins' laws.

'Well, let's hope this works.' With a deep, steadying breath, Felix addressed the symbol, 'I offer void creatures as a sacrifice to activate the universal codex sentence for eternity.' Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The symbol responded, its glow intensifying as it acknowledged the significance of the trade.

Felix wasn't sure if the prepared payment was enough for the wish, and to avoid any unfortunate endings, he closed his eyes and used the perfect cloning symbol to remotely multiply the number of void creatures.

In such a scenario, Felix could be said to be somewhat abusing his powers and the universe would have slapped him on the wrist.

But since he wasn't a unigin yet, Felix was able to go wild.

And so he did. He kept creating millions of void creatures each second while using the infinite void energy as fuel.

The tenants watched this scene with wry smiles, feeling like they were watching a glitch in the system live.

After more than ten minutes of nonstop creation of void creatures, until even Felix began to sweat a little, the transaction was finally completed.

The universe had delivered!

A slow smile crept on Felix's lips as he eyed the inscription brighten up and coming to life, swimming across the clones' foreheads akin to a snake.

"To bypass the three rulers' authority, the universe is the overlord of everyone and everything." Thor commentated with an awed tone.

"I am kinda surprised that the price was in the billions range...I assumed it would be more." Candace remarked.

"It's the opposite, it's quite expensive for something that many citizens in the eternal kingdom can also do." Felix replied with a cold tone, "The three celestial languages' origin purpose was to be used like this. It's just that we mortals can't even enjoy such a basic right unless it was gifted to us."

As seen in the heavenly plane, Duke Humphrey was able to utilize a mixture of the three celestial languages, plus the fuel of divine energy from the necklace to create the Blood Array.

This meant it was never something unique to use elemental techniques as they could be easily written and activated by the eternal kingdom's citizens with the right conditions.

Meanwhile, the primogenitors had them written on their bodies already and they had no clue how to even read them...Which honestly was a clear humiliating joke.

"So, now the clones should possess the technique to convert energy into elemental energy?" Candace asked.

"Let's find out."

Felix relayed the orders of the clones telepathically, making them activate the technique by pronouncing the sentence correctly.

The moment they did so, the inscriptions brightened up for a moment before dimming down. Then, the clones began to harness the absorbed neutral energy within their core and began to convert it into either ice or plant energy!

'Success.'

Felix's smile widened a bit as he witnessed this scene occurring internally.

A second later, both clones released massive torrents of green and dark blue mist around them.

"It's really working..."

"Wait...How? What did I miss?"

"..."

When his friends saw this, they were left utterly dumbfounded and stunned.

They were watching Felix work from A to Z and still had absolutely no freaking clue how he managed to make the clones convert energies...Even when they saw him use a universal inscription.

"Felix?"

All three turned to Felix with looks of intense desire, making him understand that they wouldn't leave him alone unless he gave them an explanation.

"The kids will take a bit to arrive, why not."

Felix's mood improved after he succeeded without too many hiccups, which was something he genuinely wasn't used to.

This made him understand just how vital and broken the seven sins' powers and especially, the greed laws in such scenarios.

Without it, he would not be able to create a compatible sequence and he would have spent decades of his time on another research journey.

As for the activation of the inscriptions? Yeah, that was a done case. He had zero chance of achieving it in any other way besides getting the three rulers' blessings or overriding their authority with the paragon's laws.

In other words, Felix didn't take an ounce of credit for any of this.

When he explained the situation to his friends he made it brief and told them it was due to his new godly powers.

***

A couple of hours later...

In a vast, illusionary tranquil chamber designed for cultivation and growth, one hundred children sat on the ground in a disciplined array of meditation positions.

Here, in this sanctum, the children, each a recipient of Felix's groundbreaking genetic modification, were embarking on a journey to explore the depths of their newly granted abilities.

Felix didn't have to rely on his Equal Trade symbol anymore as his envy laws were enough to take it from there...He used them to clone the genetic sequence and implanted it on each child.

As the children settled into their meditation, a profound silence enveloped the space, broken only by the gentle rhythm of synchronized breathing.

Soon, the air around them began to shimmer with a kaleidoscope of energies.

Some children, naturally adept and quick to adapt, showed rapid progress. Around them, wisps of elemental energy sparkled and danced.

A boy to the left had a faint flicker of flames curling around his fingers, a sign of his affinity with fire, while a girl nearby was surrounded by a gentle breeze, her affinity with air making her seem as if she were at the center of a silent storm!

Others were slower, their bodies and minds carefully adjusting to the new powers within them.

It wasn't that easy since they had been preparing from birth to become a bloodliner and now, they were given a completely different cultivation system.

"Hmm, high chaos affinity and great talent, interesting little boy."

Felix praised with a faint smile as he viewed a green-haired boy at the center of the pack, getting surrounded by disorienting colorful elemental energy that screamed off chaos.

He wasn't the only remarkable child around as some displayed the rare ability to transform neutral energy into not just one, but two types of elemental energies!

These children were the epitomes of talent and potential, their bodies naturally tuning into the dual affinities that set them apart.

One such child had sparks of electricity dancing around one hand while droplets of water orbited the other.

"You brought some talented kids, no wonder it took you a while." Olivia addressed Malak and Zosia, who were watching this scene with dazed expressions.

They had been like this ever since they brought the kids and got modified by Felix.

"Is this really happening...Will our race finally have a genuine cultivation system..." Zosia murmured, her eyes seemed a bit reddened like she couldn't overcome her emotions.

For a serious and strict woman like her, this spoke volumes of just how impacting this historical moment was.

"I will run a couple more tests, but the results seem promising." Felix ordered, "I will be here for the next year, bring me as many kids as you can. The more, the merrier, and don't just choose children of upper echelons. Bring me only those with high affinities regardless of their background."

Zosia swiftly shut down her emotions and replied with a solemn tone, "I will have it handled."

She took this situation with utmost seriousness, knowing that those kids were the future of humanity.

Felix could do nothing to the current humans since they had already gone too deep into the bloodline integration system.

It was much easier to start a new with the next generation.

He knew that he could put the kids in an illusionary world and accelerate the time in it, to expedite the generational evolution, but he dropped the idea.

In his eyes, it was best to let nature take its course.

Whatever happened in the future wouldn't be up to him as he had kept his word and utilized his powers to help his race improve...

'Felix, I have always meant to ask.' Selphie reached out to Felix with a curious expression, 'Won't it help them more if you activated a couple more techniques in them?'

The fact that Felix only had to invest ten billion void creatures or less to activate a technique made her feel like he could invest more into the cultivation system.

It would take some time and effort, but it would make humans much more capable in the future.

Felix smiled wryly at her innocence, knowing that she was seeing things from the perspective of elves.

'There is a reason why the universe fabricated us without a proper cultivation system.' Felix shared, 'Humans possess the strongest desires in the universe and the majority allows those desires to gain control over them. With our insane reproduction speed and potent desires, what do you think would happen if humans possessed the strength to conquer the universe?'

Selphie felt a chill course down her spine...

'They will declare war on the alliance and seek to conquer all territories in the universe.'

She knew, no, she was certain that humans would attempt to do this...Maybe not now, or in the next couple of thousands of years, but it was bound to happen.

The instant humans realize that they possess strength far greater than their peers, they wouldn't waste their time with alliances or such and would seek to take everything for themselves!

It didn't just have to be all humans, just a couple in the leadership rule, and the rest would be forced to follow along regardless of their own beliefs.

That's simply the humans' nature.

'So, for their protection and the universe's protection, it was best to give them just enough to live alongside other races with their heads held high.' Felix shook his head, 'Otherwise, it will be the same as giving them nuclear heads and expecting them to be mature enough not to wave it around.'

Felix uttered that this was for their protection for a reason.

He knew that the alliance wasn't filled with nobodies and if humans dared to launch a war, it wouldn't end in their favor so easily.

After all, there were the watchers, dragons, the metal race, and more of such powerful races capable of holding their grounds.

So, he refused to doom his race by giving them more power than their pride and ego could handle.

This was the sentimental reason, but most importantly, Felix refused to add more techniques because he knew that the three monarchs would gain more control over his race with each additional line of celestial language written on them.

One phrase wasn't enough unless the connection between the eternal kingdom and the universe was opened again.

In other words, it was some form of security for himself too.