Chapter 1625 The Parting Gifts. II

1625 The Parting Gifts. II

Without needing to ask them twice, everyone left Felix and Noah alone.

Noah eyed Felix with an expression of hopeful anticipation.

"Give me that look after you hear about your journey."

Felix smiled wryly as he beamed a small, intricately crafted device in his hand. It was an elegant creation of silver and crystal, with delicate runes etched into its surface that glowed with a soft, otherworldly light.

"This is a spiritual compass and it's for you. It's not just a tool but a guide, attuned to the spirits of my grandfather and your little sister." He placed the compass gently in Noah's outstretched hands and said, "Once activated, it will lead you to them, no matter where they are. When you press the button in the center, it will switch the direction to the heavenly plane. Don't worry, it will turn into a spiritual object the instant it enters the spirit realm."

"There is such a magical thing?"

Noah murmured in astonishment as his fingers closed around the compass, feeling the cool metal and the pulse of spiritual energy that resonated from within.

"Of course, there isn't. I had invested quite a lot to bring this item into existence," Felix replied.

He wasn't underplaying it one bit...He had invested at least an entire week of void creatures' creation.

Since he could create millions each second, god knows how much he had sacrificed for this device.

Fortunately, he had another clone on duty, which was responsible for creating void creatures nonstop.

Noah didn't know what he meant by that, but still, he looked up at Felix, a mix of gratitude and determination in his gaze. "Thank you, Felix. This... this means everything to me."

Felix nodded, understanding the depth of Noah's desire.

"I am going to put your spirit as close as possible to your little sister, so the instant you enter the spirit realm, you won't struggle much to find her. But, the same won't be said about my grandfather. I can't put you in and out more than once. So, if you are struggling to keep up the search due to your mental health, just ditch my grandfather and press the button." Felix said with a solemn tone.

While Lord Hades wasn't known for breaking the rules, he allowed Felix to do this since he wouldn't be involved personally in the mission.

Felix would be the one putting Noah's spirit in the realm, making sure that his memories were maintained, and even when he reached the heavenly plane and sought to return, Felix would be responsible for that too.

If Felix ever ended up dead or forgot about him, Noah would stay in the heavenly plane for eternity.

Felix had a notion that Noah might remain there to watch over his sister since Lord Hades hadn't permitted him to revive his sister.

With a deep breath, Noah gave Felix a solemn look and requested, "Don't put me near my sister, put me near your grandfather."

"Huh?" Felix was surprised.

"Please, this is the least I can do as a payback for everything you have given me." Noah said, his voice was filled with conviction.

"Noah, there is no need to feel indebted to me." Felix patted him on the shoulder with a genuine smile, "I have always considered you as a family and this is nothing between us. Just focus on your little sist..." Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"No." Noah said with a suppressed tone, interrupting Felix, "I am confident that nothing will stop me from finding my sister even if it's going to take me millions of years...But, I can't say the same about your grandfather. I would hate myself to the bone if I failed to finish the only task you have entrusted to me. So, please, don't argue with me and just make it happen. I know what I am doing."

"..."

Whether it was Felix or the tenants, all of them were taken aback by Noah's reaction. They knew that he was a good lad and loyal to those close to him, but still...To go this far while knowing that he was just making the mission a million times harder than it already was.

Not many people had this kind of grit and honor.

At this point, Felix didn't know what to do.

The only reason he brought his grandfather into this matter was to make it easier for Noah to accept his gift, knowing that he was always feeling indebted to him and it ate him alive.

In reality, he just wanted him to meet his sister and spend some time with her in the heavenly plane until he finished his matters in the eternal kingdom.

As for his grandfather? Felix already had plans to revive him with the others at the very end if all things worked out in his favor.

'Do I tell him about this? Seeing the look in his eyes, I doubt it will change anything.' Felix smiled bitterly.

In the end, he decided to respect Noah's wishes, understanding that he was committed to this no matter what he said.

"Are you ready to do this today? Have you dealt with your private matters?" Felix said with a serious tone.

"Yes, I have told the watchers' king that I am planning to step down from the supreme leader's position, so he could take over me." Noah informed, "He has agreed to this after hearing that it is your wish."

"I see, that works out too." Felix nodded in approval.

Felix would have preferred humans or a void nation to take the position, but humans weren't at that level of strength yet, and he planned to take his void nation with him.

So, it was best to depart it to the watchers, who were feeling heavily indebted to him after knowing that he was the one responsible for their freedom.

"Alright, you can depart and say your goodbyes to your people, meet me here after two hours."

"No need, I have no one but you guys and my master." Noah replied calmly, "I will leave a message to the rest."

"You sure are in a rush." Felix was speechless.

Seeing that Noah was as expressionless as ever, he could only exhale deeply and give him a head nod.

"Alright, let's begin."

Felix snapped his finger and Noah fell asleep instantly. As he was falling to the ground, Felix beamed a medical pod underneath him and removed most of his clothes and even his AP bracelet.

Noah landed in the sticky liquid with the compass held in his chest. Felix got closer to him and placed a finger on his forehead...Then, he used his illusion powers to extract a copy of his memories and put them in a spiritual sphere.

It could be seen with only people possessing spiritual vision or such variations.

'This will be the first time I am testing this symbol, let's see how useful it is.' He summoned a purplish symbol with a bear on it above Noah and uttered, "Out of Body Slumber."

The symbol shimmered for a moment before it cast a dim misty light on Noah...In a few moments, Noah's ethereal spirit came out of his body in a white color.

Unlike other spirits, which had no facial features, Noah's spirit still resembled him greatly! He looked like he was still in a deep sleep, dreaming about god knows what.

"Seven sins laws never fails to amaze me..." Thor remarked with an amazed look.

"They are the most all-rounded laws to possess." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "Sloth and Lust's laws are heavily focused on spiritual and mental aspects. Wrath and Pride laws are focused on battles. Glottuny on energy management. Envy and Greed laws on any other remaining aspect of life."

All of this and Felix had merely scratched the surface of the seven sins laws!

Felix knew that the moment he woke up Noah, his spirit would return to his body...This symbol was meant to be used on himself since he was the only one able to go about the activation condition.

Still, Felix wasn't too bothered as he had still planned for this much.

He reached out to Noah's spirit and pushed the memories' sphere within his mind while utilizing the greed laws to mimic the effect of Elder Kraken's ultimate ability.

After the price was paid, Noah's memories merged with his spirit, which ensured that he wouldn't be a mindless consciousness.

Still, Felix didn't allow him to wake up.

'Next, locating my grandfather's spirit.' Felix took a deep breath and used the greed laws again to wish for his location in the spirit realm.

The moment he was given the location, he established a void portal leading straight to it regardless of the distance between them.

He protected Noah's body and spirit and next emerged in a deserted area of space without a single planet or star nearby.

Next, Felix scanned about him using his spiritual vision...The moment he turned around, his expression froze and his heartbeats accelerated rapidly.

"Grandpa..." He murmured silently as he eyed a green-colored faceless spirit floating in the nothingness of the spirit realm...