Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1629 Breakthrough To The Origin Realm/The Ascension. III (The end)

1629 Breakthrough To The Origin Realm/The Ascension. III (The end)

As the tumultuous events of Felix's ascension had finished, the grand chamber, once a tempest of raw power and elemental fury, started to settle into a state of tranquility.

The seven majestic draconic heads ceased their roaring and writhing...An ethereal calm descended upon them as if acknowledging the completion of their purpose in this momentous transformation.

Gradually, the dragons began to dissolve, not into nothingness, but into countless motes of light.

These particles of light, delicate and serene, started to drift towards Felix, who remained at the center of the chamber, his form now still in the aftermath of the ascension.

As the motes of light approached him, they were drawn to the tattoos on his arms and chest, the inked symbols of the seven sins.

One by one, the particles merged with the tattoos, infusing them with the powers and attributes of the draconic manifestations.

The tattoos, which had been vibrant and dynamic throughout the ascension process, began to transform.

They turned dimmer, their luminescent and ethereal qualities fading away, leaving behind ink that appeared black and normal as if they were regular tattoos.

This sight caught everyone by surprise, even Felix.

"Are they really part of my body or are they mere extensions of the seven sins coming to life?" Felix wondered out loud as he stretched his shoulders, causing his joints to release explosive shockwaves instead of noisy cracks.

When he stood up, he gave a full scan of his body and area, realizing that besides the tattoos and the long white hair, nothing much changed for him.

He was as human as ever with fair skin, nice clean sets of nails, no cracks in his skin, and no weird changes done to his eyes or other parts.

This caused a slow pleased smile to spread across his face, making him feel like he was back in control over his entire bloodline, something he hadn't felt for a very, very long time.

"Ah, the origin realm sure does feel like being born anew," Felix murmured.

"Congratulations, little one."

"Congratulations!"

"I didn't think the ascension would go this easily without any complications."

"It's normal, his body had already reached its peak potential and it wanted nothing off him but to be unleashed...With the universe's approval over the ascension, nothing could stop the process from concluding." Lady Sphinx said.

The tenants celebrated Felix's breakthrough with varied looks of satisfaction and delight, sensing like they were in the presence of a newborn godhood.

"My King! You have finally achieved your greatness, it's an honor to witness this moment with those two unworthy eyes."

Off the stunned councilmen around, The Ruiner was the first to break off his daze and kneel before Felix with great fervor and a sense of reverence.

Candace and the rest followed along and knelt, feeling such an otherworldly authoritative aura surrendering Felix akin to a royal cape, making their hearts unable to settle down.

"Thank you for your eternal support." Felix nodded with an appreciative look, "Give me some moment to adjust, and I will see if it's possible to help you upgrade your powers again."

Felix had already tried to bestow new symbols to the void nation citizens, hoping to increase their strength and usefulness in the future.

Alas, nothing he did succeeded in achieving it.

Not even the Equal Trade symbol worked as the universe kept taking the payment without showing any positive results like his level wasn't yet at the correct stage to bestow his own powers on others.

It was expected since he was giving off powers of Laws...This wasn't something to be shared with anybody due to the chaos it could cause.

This was the reason Lilith was punished by creating the void race.

"Do not waste your time on us, we are satisfied with just being under your rulership and guidance," Arthur uttered with a solemn tone.

"He has a point." Candace smiled, "We aren't too bothered with upgrading our strength anymore as long as we can be part of your journey."

The rest of the councilmen nodded in support, letting Felix understand that he had no reason to feel like he was indebted to them.

"I will do what I can do, don't overthink it." Felix excused them with a hand wave, "Now,head back to your duties and go assure the void citizens, they must have seen the dragoniod heads."

Without too many questions, the councilmen bowed one last moment and left him to his own devices.

"Now." Felix's gaze got colder as he sat returned down and switched to his consciousness wisp inside his mind. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The moment the tenants saw the bloodthirsty look in his eyes, they knew immediately what he had in mind.

Felix neither tried to learn about his new strength nor explore his powers.

The first thing he did was appear before Lilith, who was floating on the pool above an inflatable duck, and uttered with a bone-chilling tone, "What's your defense now?"

Lilith lifted her sunglasses slowly and squinted in his direction like she was having trouble seeing him due to the direct sunlight.

"Darling, is that you? White hair suits you the most, it brings your skin tone incredibly well." She praised him with a charming smile, unbothered by his bloodthirsty.

"You won't answer?" Felix turned his returned on her and uttered coldly, "Let's see if you will continue playing dumb."

He swiftly put his mind into entering Asna's core and his consciousness manifested on its surface like he was entering his own house.

What came before him was the real Lilith on her overbearing throne. Her previous core had disappeared entirely, resulting the space appearing empty.

No one was surprised by this as for Felix to be turned into a unigin, the core had to assimilate with him 100% and be his own...Otherwise, he would motionless be merely using the sins' powers but not be a true unigin like the rest.

Right now, he could feel the core settling down peacefully in his pitch-black subconsciousness and he could move it anywhere he desired.

But, his mind wasn't on this matter at the moment.

He lifted his head and gazed directly into Lilith's seductive glittering eyes...Before he could say anything, Lilith chuckled and said, "Boy, unless you stopped caring about your little wife's core, you should reconsider those terrible thoughts in your mind."

Felix narrowed his eyes in seriousness, knowing that Lilith always had a guarantee to ensure her safety after his ascension.

"Are you implying that you have the power to destroy her core?" He asked, his voice icier than the glaciers in winter.

"The moment you gave me access to her core, it's within my powers to do whatever I want to it." Lilith smiled, "Unigin's core is even more vital than mortals' heart. Gaining access to it is the same as holding a mortal's heart in your bare hands. Any sudden moment and opse, it turns into a fountain of blood."

"Is that what you want to happen to your precious' heart?" She asked, her charming smile was unchanging, but her eyes emitted an unspoken level of threat.

Felix knew that she wasn't screwing around with him and the moment he showed an ounce of aggression in her direction, Asna's core might not exist again...

"Of course, unigins can't truly be killed." Lilith chuckled again, changing the tone of the atmosphere, "But, are you willing to wait for her birth again, which might take a dozen billion years if you were lucky?"

"..."

Felix tightened his fists in silence, his heart fuelled with anger and hatred, but there was nowhere to vent them.

He understood that Lilith had him caught by the balls and she knew that he would never do anything to jeopardize Asna's core.

"This isn't over...If I can't stop you, Asna will." Felix turned around as he left one last bone-chilling remark, "The day I rescue her is the day you will perish, mark my word."

With that, his body broke into particles and his focus returned to his main consciousness in the throne chamber.

Felix opened his eyes and gazed at the sky, then he murmured, "I am coming Asna, please wait for a little while..."