Chapter 1630 The Seven Draconic Tailed Hydra!

1630 The Seven Draconic Tailed Hydra!

Suddenly, Felix knitted his eyebrows in discomfort after his newly awakened senses, now acutely attuned to the slightest disturbances in the cosmos, picked up on the subtle presence of observers.

He felt more than a dozen pairs of eyes fixed on him from a distance, their gaze heavy with scrutiny and curiosity.

Slowly lifting his head, his eyes narrowed as he scanned the horizon.

The realization dawned coldly upon him; these were no ordinary onlookers...They were the unigins and maybe even the three rulers within the eternal kingdom!

'What a creepy feeling...' Felix's expression turned for the worst.

He already knew that the entire universe was under their piercing eyes. Now, that he was sensing them, it made him feel voileted.

In response, Felix's expression hardened, and with a thought, he summoned the full breadth of his spiritual aura.

Whoosh!! Whoosh!!!...

It unfurled around him like a tempest, creating an invisible, impenetrable barrier that cloaked him from their probing eyes!

This barrier was more than a shield; it was a statement of his newfound sovereignty and a clear message that he was no longer a mere subject of their observation, but a power in his own right, beyond their uninvited scrutiny.

The air around him crackled with the intensity of his aura and the observers' attempts to break through it.

Alas, it was impossible now that Felix's spiritual pressure was that of a genuine unigin, rivaling their own.

"Don't be so impatient." Felix uttered with an indifferent tone, "I will be joining you soon enough."

The moment Felix said this, his spiritual pressure aura calmed down and the invisible barrier settled down neatly around him.

"It's not a smart idea to challenge them." Thor advised with a serious tone, "You don't know who can be your allies there and it's best to be open-minded about it. After all, you need as much help as possible to take down the three rulers."

"Master, you are wrong about one thing." Felix narrowed his eyes dangerously as he walked towards the throne, dragging behind him the long river of luminous white hair. The instant he sat down, he uttered coldly, "They are the ones who shouldn't challenge me as I am coming for every single one of them."

Felix vowed to destroy the entire eternal kingdom, the precious baby of the three rulers...Anyone who gets in his path would be treated as his enemy regardless of their identity.

"Are you sure about this take?" J?rmungandr asked.

"I have been walking on eggshells for a long time now. I have no interest in playing nice to buy anyone to my side."

"Luckily, you don't need to overthink this." Lilith suddenly interjected with a causal tone, "The three rulers will most definitely entice the unigins to attack you and retrieve Asna's core. So, no one there would want to be your friend anyway and will jump you the moment you step inside the eternal kingdom."

"..." Felix was left speechless.

While he was acting tough and unbothered, he wouldn't mind having some unigins in his corner to facilitate the rescue mission.

But now? He understood that was nothing but a pipe dream.

Realizing that his journey in the eternal kingdom would be packed with action from his first day, Felix understood that he couldn't rush his entry without some preparations.

The first thing he needed to do was get used to his new strength and powers.

He began by focusing on his physical strength.

Centering himself, Felix channeled his energy into his muscles, feeling the raw power coursing through his body as he sat on his throne.

In less than a moment, he opened his eyes with a hint of surprise in them.

"My strength is equal to a staggering 29 million Bloodline Force...That's wild!"

He couldn't maintain his composure as he tightened his fist until he felt the air molecules heat up and break apart like he embedding them with force ten times more powerful than nuclear fusion!

In his hand alone, he could feel like he held the power to blow entire galaxies into smithereens!

"29 million BF is enough to consider you a hundred times more powerful than a primogenitor." Lord Shiva commentated with a faint frigid smile, "Who would have belief that spineless child from before will obtain this kind of untapped power."

"Can't you praise like normal people?" Thor's eyelids twitched.

Felix wasn't too bothered as he was used to Lord Shiva's assholish nature. He smiled a little and said, "The remaining 9 million BF must be related to my origin breakthrough."

The tenants agreed as they knew that Unigin considered in his adult form possessed a minimum of 20 million BF as a foundation.

"You have broken through to the origin realm after surpassing 4 million BF. It wasn't too much of a surprise." Lady Sphinx uttered with a calm tone, "Unfortunately, you can't keep it whole."

"Did you have to remind me now?" Felix smiled wryly.

He understood that if he dared to get rid of anything related to the three rulers' elements in his system, his power would be affected negatively.

After all, he couldn't weaken his current perfect genetic evolution and not lose some of his strength.

But, it had to happen as those elemental manipulations and abilities were like time bombs in his system.

For now, Felix continued his testings...He turned his attention to his mental energy capacity, elemental tank, mental defense, reaction speed, etc.

As Felix concluded his tests, a sense of awe at his capabilities washed over him. Every aspect of his power had been enhanced to a level that could only be described as divine!

His strength, mental energy, elemental control, mental defenses, and reaction speed – all had been elevated to extraordinary heights, solidifying his status as a True Unigin!

After he was done with those basic tests, Felix moved on to the main dish, the core of the evolution, and the biggest change he had experienced in his life...The Seven Draconic Tails.

"I have no idea where did they go, but let's summon them."

With a focused intention, he called forth the seven draconic tails.

Immediately after, his seven symbols tattoos brightened up and the seven dragonic tails emerged from his back, magnificent and awe-

inspiring, their presence dominating the space around him!

This time, the draconic tails remained small, matching Felix's current size.

"How peculiar...It feels like each one of them has its mind, but at the same time, I can control every tiny action they do." Felix murmured with an astounded tone as heobserved the draconic tails with a keen eye, noting the distinct features that set each apart.

Their personalities and appearance matched their sin so well, that it was apparent even so to ignorant people.

The lion's shaped draconic head had a frigid and regal air to him. He was keeping his head elevated above his brothers and sister in a straight line, seemingly implying that his pride couldn't allow him to exist on the same level as anyone.

The dragon's shaped head had a furious and easily irritatable expression, gazing left and right, appearing like he was seeking to pick a fight without anyone that irked him just a little.

The fox's shaped draconic head had a sly smile on his face as he kept slithering in the air around Felix, resembling a scammy merchant wanting to rip him off.

The serpent-shaped draconic head had a scheming look on its face as it kept hissing with its long tongue.

The Goat's shaped draconic head had a feminine and seductive look to her...Her pink eyes were scanning the area around, appearing like she was hunting for her next prey.

The Boar's draconic head had the biggest mouth of them all and it didn't possess a single tooth, like chewing food was a waste of its time. He gazed at Felix with a hungry look, creeping the f*ck out of him.

'Does he want to eat me?'

Felix shook the weird feeling and moved to the last draconic head. Its features were that of a lazy bear, as he had drowsy gaze and his head was leaning against the other draconic heads for support like he couldn't maintain his weight.

Felix's eyelids twitched as he watched the wrathful draconic head bite him the instant he entered his comfort space...Yet, the sloth draconic head couldn't care less and kept leaning against him.

"Why does it feel like I have inherited seven troublesome children?"

Felix didn't know what to think of this situation. Not in his wildest dreams did he expect his perfect evolution to be this.

"Heads up."

Felix ordered and the seven draconic heads instantly switched their entire attitude to a frigid and serious one while remaining in a single position. Even the sloth's draconic head seemed like he wasn't asleep for a second.

"Maybe, this isn't so bad." Felix smiled in satisfaction at their obedience. "Now, let's see what you are capable of."

The moment Felix uttered this, each dragonic head had unleashed their elemental abilities simultaneously, a display of their collective might and their mastery over them! Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The dragonic lion roared fiercely as it summoned a colossal bolt of lightning from its horn. The draconic serpent unleashed a torrential wave around them. The draconic goat created multiple illusionary manifestations of itself.

The draconic fox manifested a wall of crystalline barriers that emerged from the ground. The draconic boar released a dense cloud of poisonous gas. The wrathful dragon released a torrent of destruction mist from its mouth. Lastly, the draconic bear created a void sphere above his head.

The field around Felix had transformed into a dynamic theater of elemental forces, leaving him and the tenants with an astounded look...They knew that this was nothing but a mere demonstration of their elemental control and they could have gone harder if they desired!

"Seven Elements, Seven Sin Laws, Seven Draconic Heads." Lady Sphinx murmured, "No wonder you evolved into a Hydra as it is the only evolutionary path available to contain all of those powers."