Chapter 1641 The Gathering of The Hunters. II

1641 The Gathering of The Hunters. II

"This is his second setback because of Lilith's puppet. He must have wasted at least 80%+ of his resources and would be forced to stay low and leave the hunt to us." Athena mentioned with a neutral tone, resembling somewhat of a robotic voice.

She was the unigin of gemstones, metal, and minerals, which was quite obvious from her dazzling outfit.

Unlike her flashy appearence, she was calm, composed, and always thinking several steps ahead. She possessed a quiet confidence and an air of serene authority, unlike Hephaestus whose personality matched an erupting volcano.

She was a problem-solver, someone who approached challenges with a rational and analytical mind, and often acted as a voice of reason among her peers.

So, anytime she spoke, the rest quieted down and listened to her.

"Based on the massive size of the radiant divinity lockdown, you are right," Artemis nodded with a gentle look.

"Tsk, typical behavior." Poseidon scoffed, "His entire motto is to act first to win first regardless of the situation. Now, he has gotten burned twice and needs to mend his wounds."

Some chuckled at his words and some could only shake their heads, knowing that he had hit the nail on the head when it came to Hephaestus' attitude.

"Brother Poseidon, I believe this is the best chance to conquer some parts of his territory." Zeus shared with a composed look, "If I was in your position, I would make sure he understands the consequences of the risks he always takes."

If the eternal kingdom were viewed from above, the central capital city would be at the heart of eight major environmental zones connected to the center.

There was an oceanic/snowy domain, volcanic domain, nature domain, metallic domain, desert/earth domain, windy mountainous domain, thunderstorm-based domain, and lastly, a peculiar light/

darkness-based domain.

Each domain or territory was under one of those unigins' rulership. Because their territories shared borders with the central territory, it made the eternal kingdom resemble a massive colorful pizza from a distance.

This also meant that some unigins shared boundaries with two unigins and some shared with one just one unigin.

In the case of those two, Hephaestus shared boundaries with Poseidon and Apollo...While Poseidon shared boundaries with Hephaestus and a wasteland leading to the edges of the kingdom.

Since the entire point of conquest and expansion was for the sake of bringing more territory with celestial energy roaming on it, plus increasing their territorial pressure, Poseidon was left with only one direction and that was Hephaestus' territory.

Fortunately for Hephaestus, Apollo was a peaceful neighbor and as long as no one invaded his place, he wouldn't bother encroaching on anyone.

This forced those two to be in a constant confrontation with each other and any opportunity presented before them would be consumed immediately.

Just like in this case.

"You don't have to tell me twice." Poseidon smirked a bit, "Knowing that bastard's personality, I always had an inkling that he might be crazy enough to camp the gate and leave his place unprotected."

"Hmmm?"

"Don't tell me you prepared for this?"

"Feel free to spectate, I will be removing my spiritual presence from my territory."

Before his peers could grill him for answers, Poseidon merely smashed his trident on the ground, causing a small puddle to emerge. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Then, he turned into a water elemental, seeping into the puddle and mixing in with the massive underwater network of the eternal kingdom.

"There he goes...He didn't even bother to discuss the bounty with us." Aeolus said with a faint chortle, his high-pitched voice resembling a hummingbird's.

"If I am right, he must have prepared his forces to invade Hephaestus' territory in case this situation occurred." Zeus remarked calmly, "With Hephaestus' current shortage of heavenly force and divinities, it won't be a fun experience for him at all."

The unigins knew that radiant divinity had many other utilizations than just turning it into a considerable lockdown area.

Hephaestus used it in that manner since he was confident in his capabilities in beating up Felix without relying too much on his laws and it also ensured that Felix had nowhere to go.

But in their battles? It was a different story entirely.

"Ahhhh, it hasn't been a day since the kid's arrival and there are already two major battles occurring! He is truly my superstar!" Apollo said with flushed cheeks in excitement and a tint of weird horniness in his eyes, like he genuinely got off from such drama.

Zeus and the rest were already used to his antics and didn't react much...Even the fact he allowed Felix to escape while he had the perfect chance to capture him, didn't bring much emotion to them.

They knew that it would be their fault for expecting anything else from him.

Hephaestus was also thinking the same until he realized that he was about to get screwed out of his resources over nothing, forcing him to reach out for Apollo's assistance.

"Apollo, I know that you don't care about anything else besides your entertainment." Demeter advised with a stern tone, resembling a mother chiding her child, "But if you are planning to carry on with your crap, you should return the Celestial Cage to the rulers and drop out of the event...It's not a joke to them and you know it."

While the three rulers worked in unison with the unigins to fulfill their end goal of reaching the other side without many complications, it didn't mean that they would let any unigin disrespect or walk over them.

The unigins knew that the three rulers stayed on the low because of lacking celestial force to banish or punish them without seriously affecting their end goal.

This didn't mean that they could push their luck against them. If push came to shove, the three rulers wouldn't hesitate to make a couple of them pay a steep price for antagonizing them.

With an easy-going smile, Apollo went to Demeter and placed his arm over her shoulder, uncaring about her twitching eyebrows.

"Your face is too beautiful to have a serious expression all the time...Relax a little." Apollo remarked with an enticing flirty voice, "How about we head home tonight and allow me to turn this frown into a smile with my new score?"

Demeter turned slowly to face him with the same stern expression until their lips were about to touch...Then, she spat on his face without an ounce of hesitation!

Alas, Apollo's broke into light particles and manifested on the other side before the spit could even fly an inch!

As the light and darkness unigin, everything he does was at the speed of light, which pissed off most of the unigins as it was near impossible to touch him without getting rid of his laws.

"Haha, you're lucky we have company." Apollo licked his lips as he remarked telepathically, 'Otherwise, I would have swallowed it.'

The rest of the unigins didn't know what he remarked to her, but from Demeter's slight change of expression, they knew he must have said something unsettling again.

But no one defended Demeter as she wasn't a helpless woman in distress without the power to protect herself.

As expected...

"It's my fault for trying to advise an idiot." She commentated with an irritated look.

Apollo merely laughed and stopped teasing her, knowing that she wasn't of the patient type.

"With Apollo's unreliability, Poseidon and Hephaestus about to wage a war among each other, we are the only ones left in the hunt...What are your plans?"

Zeus returned the conversation to the topic at hand, wanting to take advantage of the lack of his competition to win the hunt.

"None for me." Aeolus yawned as he lay on a puffy comfortable cloud, "The boy must be somewhere near the edges of the kingdom and if he was smart, he would be constantly on the move."