Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1642 The Gathering of The Hunters. III

1642 The Gathering of The Hunters. III

"He is right, it won't be easy for us to capture him in this scenario." Athena said calmly, "At least, we are fortunate that the three rulers have sealed the eternal kingdom from the void realm due to Lilith, making it impossible for him to hide in it or use his territorial pressure if he even knows how."

"Indeed, if the void realm wasn't locked out, it would be near impossible to touch the lad." Zeus nodded.

All of them knew that any connection to the void realm was sealed away after Lilith got banished for what she tried to do to the universe's heart.

The eternal kingdom wasn't completely shut off from the universe. There were two pathways to enter the universe without wasting a massive amount of celestial energy to unlock the gate.

The spirit realm and the void realm.

Those two were the major realms mirroring the universe and had connections to the eternal kingdom and the universe.

This turned them into an indirect bridge.

Unfortunately, Lord Hades had sealed his realm from the eternal kingdom, and the three rulers were forced to invest a godly amount of celestial energy to seal the eternal kingdom from the void realm after banishing Lilith.

This ended up leaving only the eternal kingdom's gate as an entry point.

Since those two realms were owned and controlled 100% by their guardians, not a single unigin or even a ruler would dare step in them without serious precautious against Hades and Lilith.

It was all due to something called territorial pressure, a power, unique only to unigins...But, that's for another time.

Anyhow, the void realm was inaccessible from the eternal kingdom's territory, and Felix was already told this by both Lord Hades and Lilith.

It was one of the main reasons, he didn't bother to use blink or other abilities related to the void realm.

If it wasn't for the seal, he would be able to jump between the universe and the eternal kingdom freely. Plus, even connecting both realms, allowing him to create his void domain in the eternal kingdom.

Alas, the three rulers knew of its dangers and had to seal it away after Lilith turned against them and their plans.

"What about you?" Zeus addressed Athena with a tint of coldness.

Athena didn't bother to respond...She merely gave him a nonchalant glance and turned to Demeter and Aeolus.

"You should use your laws to look for him." She requested, "It will be easier to locate him with your help."

As the unigin of earth, sand, rocks, dirt, and such, she could be said to have access to the entire eternal kingdom's surface.

While the ground itself wasn't created by her since no unigin would accept staying above her domain, she was still able to manipulate it within the limits imposed by the three rulers. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

In this case, she could create creatures or whatnot across its entire surface to search for Felix's whereabouts.

The same applied to Aeolus, the unigin of wind, atmosphere, clouds, and sky in general.

He could manipulate anything in the sky and atmosphere within limits.

"She is right, with your eyes on the ground and the sky, it will be easier to find him." Artemis agreed with a delicate voice.

"I already said I plan on doing nothing..." Aeolus scratched his cheek lazily, "Why would I waste my effort on finding him when we can't make a move? I ain't leaving my territory unprotected. Hephaestus is about to pay the price, and I don't want to be next."

In a sense, he was right. As long as Felix remained near the edges, even if they found him, none of them would dare to travel for such a long distance without a guarantee of capturing Felix.

Hephaestus had the best chance of pulling it off and he still failed with his preparation.

"I never said we would use the information to hunt him." Athena said with an unruffled look, "I want to have eyes on him since I know he won't be sitting at the edges quietly. He didn't come all the way here to hide. He will be forced sooner or later to make a move and get closer to our territories. After all, don't forget, he isn't the same as us."

She said the last part with a hint of seriousness in it, making everyone frown their eyebrows.

"Asna's core..." Zeus remarked with a solemn tone, "He is somehow able to take full advantage of it, and absorbing celestial energy is one of its powerful effects."

Unigins could not absorb celestial energy directly as they weren't born of the same cloth or level as the three rulers and Asna.

While they needed the Brilliant Runic Divinity of the second ruler to absorb celestial energy and strengthen themselves, Asna and the three rulers had direct access.

In other words, Felix also had direct access to the celestial energy released across the eternal kingdom's surface!

He could directly absorb it to empower himself or transform it into one of his two celestial flames.

"There is no celestial energy near the edges and he is bound to target one of our territories if he wants to absorb the celestial energy in it." Athena said calmly, "We have to know who will be his target, so we can either prepare to defend ourselves or take advantage of the chance to assault him while he is close."

"When you put it this way, I don't mind putting in a bit of effort."

Aeolus agreed at last to start the search...Though, he wouldn't be doing it for them, but for his own protection.

"That's all I am asking."

Athena thanked him with a head nod and excused herself from the gathering by turning into mineral particles and merging with the ground, returning to her realm through them.

"Until we meet again."

Zeus swiftly left too in the same manner he came. He was in this rush because his territory's boundary was linked with Athena's!

While their relationship wasn't as intense as water/fire unigins, they were still considered conflicting neighbors and they always took benefit of any opportunity to invade the other.

When Aeolus left, Demeter and Artemis followed suit, having no interest in staying behind with the pervy Apollo.

In the end, he was the only one left near the Golden Gate.

He looked around him with a faint easy-going smile like nothing in the universe matters to him...But soon enough, half of that smile turned crooked, making his expression resemble a terrifying half-

smiling man and a half-crying man.

This fearsome expression lasted for less than a split second before he turned around and his face became normal again, leaving behind a tiny, small black point in the iris of his right eye...

He pulled the lyre from his back and started strumming the strings, playing a comforting and peaceful melody as he flew in the direction of Hephaestus' territory...

'Stop making a fuss and let's go watch the war.'

Apollo uttered with a pleading tone as he continued playing the soft peaceful music, which resembled a child's lullaby.

As he flew into the distance, the hint of darkness in his iris faded away at last...