Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1643 Unigins' Territorial Pressure.

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

1643 Unigins' Territorial Pressure.

Meanwhile, in the aftermath of their harrowing escape from the cosmic battleground, Felix and his people found themselves in a stark and desolate landscape.

They were in a mountainous wasteland, a place devoid of life, where only the ground and dried-up rocks stretched out as far as the eye could see.

Amidst this barren expanse, Felix sat in a meditative position atop a flat, elevated rock. His eyes were closed in deep concentration, his features set in an expression of intense focus.

Above him hovered a purplish symbol of a bear, glowing softly in the desolate environment.

This symbol emanated a serene energy, forming a transparent bubble around him that seemed to separate him from the surrounding bleakness.

It was called Regenerative Hibernation...It allowed him to enter a state of deep hibernation, during which he recovered from injuries and regained his energy rapidly, albeit at the cost of temporary immobility and vulnerability.

Felix wasn't too worried as his six clones guarded him from all directions.

"His injuries were quite fatal." Thor remarked with a pleased tone, "But, with his impressive rejuvenation, plus the symbol's effect, he is already about to reach his peak after less than a couple minutes."

Just like it was extremely difficult to damage a unigin's body, it was just as hard and complex to heal it back to peak form...Fortunately, Felix possessed one of the best rejuvenations.

Sometime later...

After opening his eyes, Felix's gaze was strikingly cold and piercing, radiating an aura of intense, yet suppressed anger that simmered just beneath the surface, hinting at the turbulent emotions lying within.

His change was immediate and intense; a powerful surge of anger and hatred radiated from him, manifesting as a swirling red aura that enveloped his form.

This aura pulsated with dark energy, its intensity so overwhelming that it caused the councilmen and the void citizens to instinctively get on their knees, a primal reaction to the raw, unbridled fury emanating from their god!

His eyes soon revealed irises that had turned a deep, demonic red, reflecting the inner turmoil that consumed him.

"Have you ever seen the Lord like this?" Meriam whispered in a hushed, anxious tone.

"No, this is different... It's like his anger consumed him. It's frightening," Candace replied, her eyes not daring to meet Felix's wrathful gaze.

"The rage... it's palpable. Can we even approach him in this state?" Arthur pondered, the worry evident in their voice.

Meanwhile, the memories of the near-death encounter with Hephaestus flooded Felix's mind, each one igniting a spark of rage that compounded into a roaring inferno of hatred.

"I won't let this stand... I won't be made a victim," Felix uttered fiercely, his mind a maelstrom of vengeful plots and strategies.

Enough was enough.

Felix had been getting beaten left and right by the three rulers and the unigins every time he made contact with them.

While it wasn't his fault as the difference in strength and battle experience was like heaven and earth between them, Felix had no plans of falling behind this as an excuse anymore.

"I am the paragon of sins and I am going to make them pronounce my name even if it is the last thing I do in this sh*thole." Felix stressed with a bone-chilling tone.

Neither Hephaestus, Lilith, the rest of the unigins, nor even Lord Hades bothered to refer to Felix as The Paragon...Not even once!

It was always, human, mortal, boy, child, or even Lilith's puppet.

This was enough to make anyone comprehend that none of them considered Felix as a true unigin on their level even when he possessed the same strength and spiritual pressure as them.

'I am done being underestimated, shamed, and looked down upon...' Felix tightened his fist until veins were about to pop from his wrist. Then, he voiced with the most chilling stare directed at the center of the eternal kingdom. 'I will make you regret the day you crossed me...'

The atmosphere around him was charged with a sense of impending action, a promise that this wave of fury would not go unaddressed...

The tenants and the citizens around him could feel his ironclad conviction, making them comprehend that he wasn't just lashing out.

"Let's see if you are just empty words or not." Lilith smirked faintly, "To reclaim my title isn't an easy task as I have terrorized the entire kingdom."

"Terrorized? I have no interest in terrorizing anyone..." Felix's wisp in his consciousness space turned to stare at her with a look devoided of emotions, "I will completely obliterate this piece of land from existence...Watch me."

The warm welcome from Hephaestus made Felix comprehend that he had no place in the eternal kingdom and that no one wanted him around.

If so, then so be it...He would make sure that no one would step foot on it even if it meant the extinction of the mortals on it too!

"Dada!!"

Just as Felix was getting more consumed by his anger, Nimo called him with an excited high-pitched voice while rushing to his embrace.

When Felix heard Nimo's voice, his intense killer aura disappeared at once and his eyes returned to normal again.

He showed a gentle smile to Nimo as held him in his embrace. However, the hint of madness and hatred in his eyes could be seen buried at the back of his eyes.

He, would, never, forget...

***

Sometime later...

Felix convened a meeting with his councilmen, their figures huddled around an improvised council table made from the rugged terrain.

Despite the desolation around them, the group was intensely focused and aware of the gravity of their situation in the Eternal Kingdom.

None of them could erase the battle between Felix and Hephaestus from their minds...How they were utterly helpless akin to feathers in a thunderstorm.

"We need to establish a foothold here," Felix addressed coldly, "Our first step is to build a base in this region. It will serve as our operational hub while we gather information about our surroundings."

The councilmen nodded in agreement.

They understood the importance of securing a stable location in this unknown and hostile environment.

"Due to the wish, we ended up losing most of our wrathful creators and other behemoths. I will try my best to bring the numbers up a bit to help us recover our armies. In the meantime, work on fortifying the base." Felix said.

He understood that it would not be as easy as the last time.

Now, he was considered as a genuine unigin under the universe's laws, which meant, he could not abuse his laws and clone wrathful creators and the rest of the void creatures' infinity without pushing the universe to intervene.

If it was allowed, Lilith wouldn't have created just seven hundred of each unique void creature but flooded the universe with them.

Felix prioritized them at the moment since he truly needed resources for his wishes.

Without the void realm in his corner, he couldn't even use the infinite pool of void energy as a price anymore.

"Also, I have covered more than ten million kilometers of surface area around us with my spiritual pressure." Felix added, "It will help us remain invisible from the spying eyes of the unigins...Stay in the zone to not get detected."

Everyone nodded in understanding.

"That's it for now, I will reach out to you later." Felix excused them with a wave of a hand and left the place with Nimo on his shoulder, heading towards what remained of the wrathful creators.

As he started using his perfect cloning symbol on the wrathful creators in a moderate manner to test out the universe's limits, he switched his focus to his wisp in his consciousness space.

There, he found that his tenants were already pretty heated in a discussion about his next move with his wisp.

"Poseidon must be attacking Hephaestus if he was smart. It's his best chance to enter either territory and absorb some of the celestial energy in the atmosphere." Thor said.

"What if they halted their war and turned against him?" Fenrir shook his head, "Asna's core is much more worth it than their territories and I am certain they would put their differences aside and gang up on him."

"It's much worse than that." Lady Sphinx uttered with a solemn tone, "He will be situated in one of their territories, which meant, they would have the power to use their territorial pressure on him."

When this term was mentioned, everyone supporting Thor's plan quieted down and had their eyebrows knitted in frustration.

Territorial Pressure or Domain Pressure.

It could be uttered to be additive to a unigin's spiritual pressure, allowing them to gain an edge over their peers within their territories.

It was a formidable power exclusive to unigins, embodying the essence and authority of their respective domains.

This ability enabled a unigin to harness and project the full magnitude of their domain's energy onto their targets, creating an overwhelming force akin to the immense pressure experienced by a commoner at the depths of an ocean.

When activated, it manifested the core elements and characteristics of the unigin's realm, be it the crushing weight of the sea's depths, the suffocating heat of a blazing inferno, or the unyielding force of a mountainous landscape.

This power not only symbolized the unigin's dominion over their territory but also enabled them to exert an almost tangible, physical pressure, encapsulating their targets in an environment where the unigin's will was absolute.

This was one of the many reasons why unigins needed radiant divinity as a barrier when entering their peers' territories...Without it, they would always be at a disadvantage.

Without the divine barrier used by Hephaestus in the spirit realm, Lord Hades would have steamrolled him in an instant!

"What a dilemma...He needs celestial energy to counter the domain's pressure, but the only way to get celestial energy is to be in one." Candace sighed.