Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1646 Stealing The Celestial Energy! I

1646 Stealing The Celestial Energy! I

"There must be hundreds of trillions of spirits roaming the eternal kingdom...How is Lord Hades safe from this?" Felix murmured as he gazed at the spirits passing by him mindlessly.

In his eyes, as the guardian of spirits and souls, he should be punished for locking his realm from those poor spirits who had nowhere to go.

"The universe punishes him only for what happens to spirits in his realm." Lilith answered casually, "Whatever happens outside has no relation to him. Since the universe doesn't have a consciousness to reason that him locking his spirit realm causes this mess, it wouldn't do anything to him."

"I see..."

In the end, it all came again to taking advantage of the universe's lack of consciousness.

"But why did he seal it in the first place?" The ancestral dragon Imyr inquired from within his consciousness space.

Felix had brought him back to the party after he woke up and noticed that his wisp in the ancestral dragon dimension was gone.

He could not leave the ancestral dragon behind, especially when he was one of the few ones harmed directly by the three rulers and helped Felix with everything in his power to take them down.

He had to watch their downfall with his own eyes!

"None of us knows." Thor shook his head, "Lord Hades refused to bring us on the whole story."

When he uttered this, everyone turned to glance at Lilith in silence, wanting her to interject and feed them some new Intel without directly asking her.

Alas, she merely gave her usual chuckle.

"I don't want to upset Hadey."

Hearing this, everyone clicked their tongues in vexation and dropped any thought of learning the truth from her.

"For Lord Hades to break his rules and lock out the spirits of the eternal kingdom, it must have been something extremely serious," Felix said with a solemn tone.

If only Lord Hades bothered to visit him once in a while, he would ask him again...But, ever since his entry, he never spoke with him and merely kept watching him from a distance.

He didn't even bother to place a wisp inside Felix's consciousness...Still, he was able to link up with him anytime he desired since he was the controller of the seal.

Just like the three rulers could speak with Lilith while she was in her void realm while she couldn't interact with the eternal kingdom unless they removed the seal.

After the subject was dropped, Felix kicked off the start of his masterplan...He ignored the sea of spirits in front of him and flew through them at the speed of light with his clones.

As a spirit, he had nothing to stop his momentum and Felix took full advantage of it to aim towards none other than the Poseidon's and Hephaestus' territories!

The only ones who saw him do this were the three rulers within the council.

Right now, high above the celestial realm, in front of the universe's heart, the three rulers converged on their ethereal platforms. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

They watched intently as Felix ventured towards the warzone.

"He's turned into a spirit," noted one of the rulers, his voice echoing softly. "In this form, he will be able to absorb celestial energy."

"He will, but the amount will be tragically low as Hephaestus and Poseidon won't stand by and watch him." The second ruler uttered with a feminine tone.

"It won't be enough to change anything...The timeframe marks the exact dates on the prophecy table." The first ruler uttered as he gazed into nothingness.

While others saw nothingness, the three rulers beheld a magnificent illuminating tablet adorned with pictures and hieroglyphs.

It was a wondrous enigma and even the three rulers appeared perplexed as they gazed upon it as if they had yet to determine its true nature.

Everything the three rulers had done was because of the prophecy and they respected the events described in it and their timeframe to the point they would not take the easiest option if it was proven to affect the prophecy negatively.

For the three rulers, the supposedly most powerful and authoritative beings in the universe to respect and follow the sayings of a tablet, it held a great significance and if anyone were to know it, chaos would arise...

While the three rulers had yet to analyze the entire tablet, the result was enough to make them blindly trust in its path...

In their luminous dazzling pupils, a reflection was seen on the top of the tablet, a reflection of a picture drawn with a white substance like chalk.

The image was of the universe's heart, the tiny white dot, being enlarged with nothingness shown on the other side...

This image was everything the three rulers needed to follow the prophecy's signals and orders to heart, wanting to shape their future to have the final ending.

An ending, where their freedom was achieved...

If this meant watching as Felix wreaked chaos on the eternal kingdom for a while, it didn't matter to them.

Where did the tablet come from? Why wouldn't the three rulers use their powers to gaze into the future instead? Why was the other side associated with their freedom? Only they had answers to these questions...

"As long as the timeframe remains the same and our freedom is still guaranteed, I don't care what he does, the day where Asna's core becomes ours has already been decided by the prophecy..." The first ruler uttered into the nothingness...

***

In the vast and boundless depths of Poseidon's territory, Felix arrived as a spectral entity. He floated ethereally above the tumultuous underwater landscape, his spirit form untouched by the physical constraints of the ocean.

'I can feel the presence of celestial energy, but it's too low to absorb reliably.'

Felix kept on his journey, heading into the depths of Poseidon's territory with one of his clones...The other two were sent to Hephaestus' territory and he always switched his focus between them to keep himself updated on everything.

With his impressive speed, it took him no time to reach an area where celestial energy could be felt at a comfortable rate.

Without further ado, Felix sent the other spirit away from him and he swiftly established a spiritual connection with Asna's core, creating a spiritual link between them!

This connection was more than just a link; it was a symbiotic bond that allowed the core to extend its reach beyond the physical limitations of Felix's body and into the vast territories of the two deities!

It was a known fact that unigins didn't need their cores to be with them to have their powers, like the previous situation with Lilith, and vice versa.

As expected, the instant the link was established, Asna's core went hippo mode!

Streams of celestial energy flew invisibly toward Asna's core, funneling through the ethereal links established by Felix's spirit...This was occurring with all four spirits across the two territories simultaneously.

Unfortunately, the unigins' senses were simply on a different level, and the moment they noticed a sudden abnormal shift in their territories, they immediately placed their focus on those areas.

"Hmmm?"

"???"

At first, they were a bit confused as they couldn't see anything besides the noticeable reduction of celestial energy, but soon enough, it clicked in their minds what it could be.

With an icy expression, they activated their spiritual vision and Felix was caught red-handed with his clones, stealing their most precious resource!

The moment Felix felt their bone-chilling gaze affixed on him, he merely gave them a faint cold smirk accompanied by a middle finger and then canceled his sloth symbol's effect!

Poof! Poof! Poof! Poof!

All spirits exploded into mist and disappeared out of sight, returning the two territories to their original form...However, a small, small portion of celestial energy was gone forever...