Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1647 Stealing The Celestial Energy! II

1647 Stealing The Celestial Energy! II

"That little weasel...I should have known better with Lilith's stupidly all-rounded powers."

Poseidon's eyelids twitched as he had completely overlooked the fact that Felix had many irritating symbols to help him sneak into their territories without jeopardizing his safety. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Hephaestus had the same reaction, but he was excused as his mind was completely invested in saving his territory.

"Unfortunately, such tricks can work only once," Poseidon uttered coldly as he prepared this time to blow Felix's spirit the instant it entered his territory.

"I dare you to enter again."

Hephaestus shared the same sentiment and had already expanded his spiritual pressure to spot even spiritual beings within his territory.

None of them have done this before since it consumed their spiritual pressure on a greater level compared to focusing only on the physical.

Meanwhile, after Felix's focus returned to his main consciousness, he noticed that a portion of his soul was gone.

This didn't surprise him much as he had expected this to happen after getting rid of his clone spirits forcefully.

"If I didn't go for it, they would have caught me." Felix commented with a faint smile, "But, a trade-off between celestial energy and a portion of my soul is always worth it."

"How much did you absorb?" Thor inquired.

"Compared to what Asna left me in the spirit realm, maybe 2% of it?" Felix smiled wryly.

"That's it?" Candace raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"I have expected such results to be honest." Felix explained to her, "Hephaestus must have opened the portal to the spirit realm from the central zone of the eternal kingdom, not his territory. After all, since he had gotten tools and even some angelic armies under the three rulers, it was normal to let him open the gate near the capital city...Especially, when he was the one investing his portion of celestial energy for the entire mission."

"I see, so when Asna was absorbing celestial energy, she was absorbing closer to the source," Candace remarked.

"Exactly." Felix nodded.

"What can you do with this amount?"

"Nothing of a very high value." Felix replied, "I will need more if I want to use celestial energy to strengthen me, turn it into celestial flames, or for wishes."

"I guess you will be returning again." Candace chuckled, "What method will you use now?"

"You will find out soon enough."

Felix sat down on the ground and created more than a thousand wisps of consciousness in the blink of an eye.

Even though he had lost Elder Kraken's ability, he obtained it again after the ascension as it was one of a unigin's innate abilities.

Almost anything a primogenitor managed to learn and a master related to bodies and souls, unigins were given to them at birth.

After he was done, Felix utilized another symbol related to the sloth's sin...Dream Invasion!

With the Dreams Invasion Symbol at his command, he prepared to infiltrate the subconscious minds of Poseidon's slumbering citizens!

His goal was clear and precise: to establish a network of connections for Asna's core to siphon celestial energy once more, but this time through the dreams and nightmares of Poseidon's territory!

As his spiritual pressure extended outwards, a silent wave sought the minds of those in deep sleep.

Identifying his targets, Felix's spirit delved into the dreamscape of a sleeping citizen. The dream world unfolded around him, a realm of surreal landscapes and abstract perceptions.

With careful precision, he navigated the dream, his presence unnoticed by the dreamer's subconscious.

Once settled within the dream, Felix performed his crucial task.

He placed one of the wisps and gently embedded it within the dream's fabric.

This wisp was more than enough to create a subtle but potent connection to Asna's core, a link through which celestial energy could be absorbed.

Repeating this process with the efficiency and speed only the paragon could muster, Felix invaded the dreams of over a thousand of Poseidon's citizens simultaneously!

Each dream was a unique world, but his purpose remained singular across all of them. As each wisp was placed, a vast network of energy channels began to form, converging towards Asna's core.

"How sneaky, if only Hephaestus also removed his spiritual pressure, it would allow you to target his people." Candace laughed.

While spiritual pressure could do nothing against Felix's dream invasion symbol, he had to see the target first...He could not do this unless the spiritual pressure was removed.

In this case, only Poseidon was the lucky recipient.

The moment the connection was established with the core, It began to draw in celestial energy once more. The core pulsed with renewed vitality, its glow intensifying with every passing moment.

Felix kept grinning from ear to ear as he watched Asna's core fill up with a great quantity of celestial energy.

"What's your next move?" His grin suddenly turned sinister as he gazed at Poseidon's palace.

His senses couldn't navigate deeper as Poseidon would never allow anyone to gaze through it...Still, he knew that he must be sitting on his throne with a livid expression, sensing the loss of his celestial energy at a rapid rate from within the heart of his city!

While the citizens of Poseidon's realm continued to sleep undisturbed, unaware of the silent heist occurring within their dreams, he could feel the thousand affected areas.

When he cast his senses on these areas and noticed that the one thing they had in common was sleeping citizens, he realized immediately what was going on.

"Brat, you are starting to push your luck." Poseidon uttered coldly as he gazed into the sky.

Without an ounce of hesitation, he tapped his trident on the throne's floor once and the problem was solved.

"As expected, not an ounce of remorse for mortal lives." Felix snickered after noticing that all his targeted citizens were eliminated by Poseidon!

He didn't bother to wake them up even when it was the easiest option...He straight out eliminated them in cold blood!

Felix had anticipated such a reaction and still went for his plan...When he said that he didn't give a sh*t about anyone residing in the eternal kingdom, he wasn't joking in the slightest.

He treated everyone as his enemy and he had zero mercy in his actions. If it wasn't for the symbol's limitation of being at one thousand invasions at once, he would have gone for everyone sleeping in his territory!

After witnessing the death of the citizens before his eyes, Felix's senses were cut off abruptly.

He opened his gaze without much of a response and smiled coldly, "He returned his spiritual pressure protection on his territory again...This time for good."

"He had to. Otherwise, there is nothing he can do to stop you from invading his citizens unless he protects them individually with his spiritual pressure."

"That's too much of a trouble for him."

The tenants were laughing and enjoying themselves. They found entertainment in Unigin's pain, making them feel like spectators. How could they not be pleased?

"The rest of the unigins must have noticed and started asking questions." Lady Sphinx asked, "Will you continue pushing them? Or will you commit to the final part of the plan now?"

"It's not the time yet." Felix shook his head, "We are still dealing with unigins, and the only reason I can pull up a fast one on them is because they don't care that much about the quantity I am stealing...It's annoying, but not threatening to them."

"I have to make them feel threatened, no, I have to make all of them feel threatened." Felix narrowed his gaze coldly, "Only then, only then, will I make my final move."