Chapter 1651 The Second Round! III

1651 The Second Round! III

"Ooooff...I wouldn't want to be in his position." Aeolus showed a sympathetic look.

He knew that Hephaestus wasn't having the best day of his life as he would be losing no matter what he did in this situation.

Whether he got rid of Felix's clones or not, Poseidon would have already conquered at least 20% of his territory.

Since Felix was using mere clones, he had nothing to lose from this confrontation.

"You think of me as a joke? Do you think I will sit by and watch as you make a show out of me? I will show you..." Hephaestus huffed in and out heated smoke with a hint of suppressed anger in his eyes, "I will show you both..."

'Oh sh*t, they have done it.'

'Well, even Poseidon will get a piece now.'

The moment the unigins saw that crazed look in his eyes, they couldn't help but suck a deep breath in dread.

They knew that he had snapped at last and as a unigin with the fastest fuse, this wasn't the first time they saw him reach this stage!

'He has fallen at last...I just need to survive now and consume his divinities.'

Meanwhile, the thick murderous crazed aura released by Hephaestus didn't faze Felix in the slightest...Instead, it made his heart skip a beat at the notion that his plan was developing in the right direction.

He already studied Hephaestus' personality plenty and knew that when he got put in a losing or a humiliating position, he was prone to snapping easily.

"BRAT! YOU ASKED FOR THIS!"

With a bellow that echoed like thunder through the fiery realm, Hephaestus invoked the Resplendent Divinity on his weapon at last!

His massive hammer began to glow with a blinding light, radiating pure celestial power. The weapon transformed, becoming a beacon of divine wrath, its every swing capable of unleashing devastating power equal to a hundred times its usual force!

It was like the weapon had a bottleneck and Resplendent Divinity brute forced it.

Yet, he wasn't done!

Simultaneously, he channeled the Brilliant Runic Divinity, causing ancient runes to appear and swirl around his body!

These runes enhanced his physical strength and prowess, imbuing him with a temporary but overwhelming surge of power.

His muscles bulged, and his eyes glowed with an inner fire as he felt the raw untapped power coursing through him!

"He really snapped, he even dared to waste Brilliant Runic Divinity on a temporary enhancement." Zeus frowned deeply as he adjusted his seating on his thunder throne.

All unigins understood that Brilliant Runic Divinity was the only possible method to get stronger permanently, which made it even more precious than other divinities in their eyes.

So, for him to consume it in a manner that boosted his strength temporarily made them understand that he wasn't f*cking around anymore!

With all three divinities activated at once, Hephaestus could be said to be at his peak at the moment!

He had a perfect shield, a perfect weapon, and a perfect strength surpassing even Felix's!

Yet still, he shrank his body to a more humanoid stature, making every inch of him radiate with the intensity and power of a god!

With a bloodthirsty glare, Hephaestus launched himself at Felix and his clone, disappearing out of sight in an instant!

When he reappeared, he was already swinging his divine hammer at Felix's clone wrist, leaving behind a long trail of heated plasma, fire, and magma cascading across the battlefield.

'Sh...'

Before Felix could even manage to release a single word, he watched as his clone got smashed and hurled into the massive wall of the magma sphere.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Upon impact, the thick wall shattered into pieces as Felix's clone pierced akin to an arrow! Just as Felix's clone wanted to reorient himself and take advantage of the attack to absorb more celestial energy outside of the sphere, Hephaestus appeared behind him akin to a ghost, and held him by his leg upside down!

Then, he tightened his grasp until the bone cracked and breathed the most concentrated and intense level of plasma into his being!

Psssssssssss!!!!

The celestial flames shield around the clone interfered with the heated plasma, which saved Felix's clone from turning into charcoal.

However, both Felix and his clone knew that it was getting consumed at a much more rapid rate like this since the plasma breath was empowered by hundred times through the resplendent divinity!

"He can't last even a couple of seconds like this!" Thor expressed.

"He has to use greed laws to get out!"

"You know he can't...He barely has enough for the last step of his plan and he can't waste it on anything." Lady Sphinx remarked with a solemn tone.

As she mentioned, neither Felix nor his clone even considered greed law as a feasible solution.

Still, Felix realized that he had to save his clone before his celestial shield expired and be left for damnation.

"Abyssal Vortex!"

He waved his palm once in the direction of Hephaestus and a massive swirling vortex of void energy manifested, reaching up to thousands of kilometers!!

It was so powerful and potent, it tore apart the fabric of reality in its vicinity. Anything caught in the vortex was pulled apart into subatomic particles. Even Hephaestus' clones weren't able to escape from its defying terror!

Yet, Hephaestus wasn't fazed as he observed the approaching pitch-

black vortex.

"Consume this...Coronal Ejection Lance!"

With a cold gaze, he gathered the plasma from a newborn star's corona in his palm, shaping it into a lance of pure energy.

He then launched this lance with pinpoint accuracy at the terrifying vortex!

Whoooshh!!!

Upon contact, the void vortex tried to break apart the lance into subatomic particles, but the particles within the lance were already broken apart and unstable to the point a mere disturbance could cause everything to collapse!

This was exactly what occurred as the moment the lance reached the eye of the storm, it turned into a blinding point of light...Then, there was no then.

The void vortex, the all-devouring monster, the breaker of realities fell apart and got ate up by the blinding emerging supernova!

Void particles had no chance against empowered plasma particles with resplendent divinity, which made Felix understand that a void or evil energy shield wouldn't protect him for sh*t!

So, he was forced to give up on his clone and guard himself and the supreme symbol by enhancing the shielding power of the celestial flames.

Naturally, he didn't forget to slip in Hunger Symbol, desiring to absorb the supernova's energy and empower him.

"Not a chance."

Hephaestus retracted two fingers into his chest and the expanding supernova began to shrink like it was affected by a time spell.

It continued shrinking until it became into a tiny blinding rotating marble, emitting so much suppressed energy, anyone without proper defenses would die at first sight.

With a brutal motion, Hephaestus aimed the same two fingers at Felix's clone chest, transforming them into a piercing weapon of searing heat.

Before the clone could react, Hephaestus plunged his molten fingers deep into its chest. The almost nonexistent celestial flames shield was broken apart as it could no longer deal with Hephaestus' overwhelming strength.

"Argh..." Felix's clone groaned while holding tightly into Hephaestus' extended arm in his chest, trying his best to escape, but to no avail.

He was outclassed in strength, abilities' potentness, and divine barrier.

There, in the cavity created by his fiery touch, Hephaestus teleported the suppressed marble that pulsed with a contained supernova's power.

With a look of grim satisfaction, Hephaestus withdrew his hand and forcefully flung the clone toward Felix.

The clone's body, still intact but visibly marred by the god's molten touch, sailed through the air, and his eyes came into sudden contact with Felix's.

The moment their eyes locked together, the clone merely gave him a slight head nod and closed his eyes...

Click...

Then, with a soft snap of fingers resounding in this deafening silence, Hephaestus triggered the marble.

In an instant, the marble inside the clone's chest expanded exponentially, replicating the cataclysmic process of a supernova.

A blinding light erupted from the clone's form, expanding rapidly into a miniature star that burned with unbridled fury!

The light was so intense, so all-consuming, that it momentarily illuminated the entire battlefield, casting stark shadows amidst the flames and smoke!

As the light of the supernova reached its peak, it imploded with a deafening roar, collapsing in on itself with the unstoppable force of a collapsing star!!

The explosion was both beautiful and terrifying, a spectacle of raw celestial power unleashed in the heart of battle.

When Hephaestus canceled the explosion midway, nothing remained of Felix's clone...The spot where the clone had stood up moments ago was now eerily empty.

"..."

"..." Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"..."

The tenants continued staring at Hephaestus in utter silence, causing the consciousness space to be filled with the sound of their drumming hearts beating loudly.

An inexplicable level of dread covered their faces, an emotion every one of them rarely felt...

Their emotions were valid as even though Felix's clone didn't use many of its powers due to certain conditions, the fact still stood...Hephaestus had obliterated a unigin-level being and if that was the real Felix, only Asna's and the paragon's core would have been left behind.

"You're next."

Hephaestus narrowed his bone-chilling eyes at Felix as he manifested five tiny star cores above his fingers.