Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1655 The Second Round! VII

1655 The Second Round! VII

"Right above the celestial city?! He dares?!!"

Zeus was the first to exclaim with an astounded look as he watched Felix's clone suck in an unfathomable amount of celestial energy like there was no tomorrow!

"Does he think he is safe just because he is using a clone?" Athena shook her head, "Lilith should have taught him better."

The unigins weren't surprised by the fact that Felix's clone had been sent to absorb celestial energy from the central zone, they already had an incline he would have done this...What shocked them was the fact he sent his clone above the central city itself.

That's because the city was inhabited by none other than the upper celestial unigins!

"I wonder who will be sent or if the three rulers will take care of him." Aretimis remarked.

"It's not the time to care about such a thing. Apollo, help us reach the gat..." Just as Athen turned around, seeking Apollo's assistance, her eyelids couldn't help but twitch in irritation after noticing his disappearance.

"Ungrateful prick, he has already taken off." Poseidon cursed.

Without needing to be asked, Zeus offered to help them out instead.

Unigins' speed was somewhat standardized in the sense, that they could all reach the speed of light, but not maintain it for a prolonged period, unlike Zeus or Apollo, who used their laws to achieve it.

It was like one needing to brute force it purely through physical prowess while the other had the tools.

After Zeus took them into his thundercloud above the battleground to facilitate the process, only Poseidon was left behind.

The unigins didn't bother to ask him for his reason as they knew what was going on in his mind.

'Why do I need to save my rival and fight off against that abnormality with so much competition when I had an entire free domain to conquer?' He sneered while gazing at his fellow peers speeding away.

If it was only Felix and Hephaestus, he would have given it a thought since he might have a chance to capture Asna's core after Felix exhausted his celestial flames.

But, when all of his peers were heading there? His chances were much slimmer...He would rather obtain something certain than chase a questionable reward.

Without an ounce of hesitation, he turned into an oceanic titan, a colossal figure towering over the landscape.

"Defying Rainstorm."

With a commanding presence that resonated with the depth and might of water, Poseidon raised his trident – a symbol of his dominion over all aquatic laws.

Then, hebegan to spin the trident above his head, each rotation gathering the power of the seas and the skies.

The air around him churned with the gathering force as if the ocean itself was responding to the call of its master!

As Poseidon's trident spun faster, the skies above Hephaestus' domain darkened ominously. Massive rainclouds, pregnant with the essence of oceanic wrath, formed a brooding canopy.

"Defying Rainstorm!"

With a thunderous roar that resounded across the realms, the clouds unleashed their burden!

Gigantic raindrops, each the size of a truck, began to descend from the sky!

THUD! THUD! THUD!!...

They fell with a force that turned their descent into a cataclysmic downpour, each fall crashing onto the fiery land with the power of a meteorite!

The impact of the rain was titanic, creating shockwaves that rippled across Hephaestus' domain.

The volcanic landscape, home to creatures born of fire and brimstone, was ill-prepared for such an assault.

As the colossal raindrops struck the ground, they quenched the fires and lava flows that defined Hephaestus' realm.

The inhabitants of the fiery domain found themselves in peril.

"Argh!! Run!!"..."It hurts!"..."It's the wrath of the god of seas! Run!!"...

The relentless downpour threatened their very existence, forcing them to flee in search of refuge. The once-mighty volcanic land was rapidly transforming into a sodden, steam-filled wasteland.

"PROTECT THE LORD'S SACRED LAND!"

Hephaestus' right-hand subordinate tried his best to encourage the citizens to unite and defend themselves against the powerful rainstorm to at least save their capital city...Alas, each fall was akin to a meteor, causing many citizens to die upon impact instantly.

When the others saw this, how could they dare stay behind? Everyone was for himself and the cities across the massive fiery domain started to get emptied rapidly.

Alas, Posedion was merciless and treated those mortals akin to cockroaches needing to get exterminated for the next renter to live in his new home.

No matter how far they ran and how hard they tried, unless they had radiant divinity to protect them, no one managed to make it far against this nonstop downpour...

Hephaestus' wisps watched this happen before their own eyes and could do absolutely nothing to change the ending.

The moment a wisp tried to use their powers, Poseidon would spot them and erase them with a mere glance.

Plus, Hephaestus wasn't really in the best situation to care about the death of his citizens or the conquest of his domain.

How could he care about them when his core was being conquered as this was happening?

...

A few moments ago, above the Celestial Capital City... Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Felix's clone watched as the invisible sphere around him, protecting him from the eyes of the three rulers and the unigins, began to crack apart.

'They sure are quick.' Felix's clone frowned, but not an ounce of fear was in his eyes at the suspected of being so close to his mortal enemies.

In fact, he was more angered at the suspected of being closer to Asna and still not having the strength to save her.

'There is a few seconds left before the core gets devoured. I have to hold strong and keep fueling celestial energy.'

Felix's clone tightened his fists while his heartbeats began accelerating with each crack appearing on his barrier.

He had wasted close to everything he had collected of void creatures and even added some of the behemoths to create this powerful invisibility shield.

For a shield to hide him from the eyes of the three rulers, it made it impossible for anyone or anything to sense a single thing near Felix...Even the disturbance of celestial energy being fueled into him was hidden.

Unfortunately, the three rulers' eyes were like Sauron's Eye from the masterpiece, the lord of the Rings...The instant the barrier fell apart, Felix's clone felt three pairs of eyes affixed to his being, sending a shiver course down his spine involuntarily.

He couldn't aid but recall what happened to him during the heavenly plane at his first contact with the first ruler.

But this time, Felix didn't allow his emotions and past trauma to get the best of him...He lifted his head and gazed defiantly into the sky, knowing that the three rulers' were situated in the dimensional pocket near the universe's heart.

"The more I see of him, the more I trust the prophecy no matter how ridiculous it sounded." The second ruler uttered with a tint of interest in her tone.

"If the prophecy was false, he wouldn't have reached this far." The third ruler remarked calmly.

"He has always been a part of the grand scheme of the universe." The first ruler added emotionlessly, "Too bad, his part in the prophecy doesn't align with our desired outcome."

"With how much you worship that tablet, I won't be surprised if you die out of shock if it fails to deliver what's promised."

A serious feminine voice suddenly resounded from one of the lower five platforms situated in front of the white plaza below.

The three rulers weren't offended by the voice at all. The first ruler glanced below him and said with the same monotonous tone, "Whether it fails or succeeds, it doesn't matter, for we lack any other option."

"That's where I disagree with you a lot." Eris emerged from the chaotic light pulsing out of her platform and replied with an indifferent tone, "For a universe created out of order and disorder, balance and imbalance, there can't be a cage without a key, and a key without a cage...You simply hate the key given to you and try to brute force the cage."

"..."

"..."

"..."

The three rulers remained silent, knowing that she was right, but it still wouldn't change anything.

Iris knew this and had no ulterior motives behind her lecture like wanting to change their minds or such.

"Anyways, I will do you a small favor of dealing with that boy's clone."

Eris waved her hand gently and a chaotic portal manifested in front of her...When she walked through it, she emerged in front of Felix's clone.

The moment she appeared, Felix's clone was captivated by her air of enigmatic poise, her appearance a striking embodiment of the dual forces she commanded.

She had a sharp, intelligent face, framed by cascading grey hair that seemed to shift subtly in hue, now reflecting the crisp, structured shades of order, then undulating into the chaotic, vibrant colors of disorder.

Resting on the bridge of her nose was a pair of elegant glasses, which lent her an air of scholarly authority, their lenses catching the light in a way that occasionally flickered between clarity and obscurity.

She was clad in a robe that was a tapestry of symmetry and asymmetry, expertly tailored to embody the essence of her dominion.

The fabric seemed to alternate between strict geometric patterns and swirling, anarchic designs, creating a visual representation of the balance between order and disorder.

Yet, Felix's clone was most fascinated by the open tone in her hands. Its pages fluttered gently as if caught in a breeze that wasn't there.

The book was an enigma in itself, its contents shifting between meticulously organized text and wildly scrawling script.

At first sight, Felix knew that was no ordinary book...

"Little one, you are a long way from home," Eris said calmly.