Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1657 One Question For Each. I

1657 One Question For Each. I

Meanwhile, inside that peculiar reality, where neither time nor anything made any sense, barely a nanosecond had gone by ever since Felix's clone capture.

'How did this happen? I am supposed to be protected by my celestial flames from any law-based effect!' Felix's clone asked in his mind, but no one was there to answer him.

He was left completely alone with Eris in this strange reality.

"Hmmm, it seems like that vixen hasn't taught you much about me." Eris commentated calmly akin to a disappointed mother, "Are you still on bad terms? Aren't you a bit short-sighted little one? Whether you hate her for manipulating you or not, that shouldn't discourage you from using her knowledge to the fullest. After all, isn't your goal to defeat the three rulers and save your princess? It's doubtful you will achieve it even with her full support, don't even mention without it."

"..." Felix was left silent, having no clue what to retort with.

This was their first-ever meeting and not even a split second had passed, she had already berated him, questioned his love, and advised him all at once.

She was the enemy, but didn't act like one in the slightest and seemed genuinely curious about his every motive like this whole situation was an interesting experiment to her.

Seeing that Felix wasn't responding and seemingly still processing this turn of events, Eris closed her tome and manifested a perfect cubic white table and chairs.

Then, she sat down on one side and extended her hand to the other chair, offering with the guiding tone of an elder, "Sit down, your main consciousness has won his battle and retreated to safety. So, let's have a decent conversation...You seem somewhat lost in your quest."

Felix glanced at her expressionless face and the chair for a moment, having no idea what to think.

'I can't trust her even if it seems like she means no harm...She is part of the upper celestials directly under the three rulers. All of this can be a facade.'

After what happened with Lilith, Felix had no interest in putting his trust in another unigin regardless of how sincere they sounded.

So, the first thought that came into his mind was to use his greed laws to get himself out by sacrificing what remained of celestial energy within him.

However, he soon realized that his connection with the seven sins laws was also severed!!!

'Huh? It doesn't work, why doesn't it work?! How couldn't it work?! I am the paragon of sins! Those laws are mine and mine alone.'

Now, Felix began to feel pure dread rising in his heart as he gazed at Eris' expressionlessface. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Who could blame him? Unigins were the sole utilizers of their laws and not even the three rulers should be able to take away his powers to use them.

That's something only the universe should have the power to do!

"How about you sit down now?" Eris offered again calmly, "I will help you understand."

"It's not like you left me any choice." Felix finally decided to accept her offer.

"I will answer one of your questions and you will answer mine." Eris offered, "How does that sound?"

Felix nodded in acceptance without much hesitation. He understood that Eris must have some wicked powers in this reality, which might allow her to invade his memories or do much worse if she decided.

Hence, it was best to cooperate willingly, at least, he would be getting some information back in this way.

"I already know your question, so allow me to answer it." Eris began, her voice steady and clear, "Order and Disorder are not merely forces; they are the fundamental underpinnings of all existence. They are the warp and weft upon which the tapestry of reality is woven. Order is the structure, the predictability, and the laws that govern the universe. Disorder, on the other hand, is the unpredictable, the random, the force that brings change and chaos."

She paused for a moment, allowing Felix to absorb her words, then continued. "You see, my power lies in the balance and manipulation of these two primal forces. I can create realms where order prevails, where everything follows a set pattern, or I can fashion a reality where disorder reigns, where predictability is thrown to the wind."

"Just like in this reality, where the seven sins laws have been erased."

"Erased..." Felix was left stunned.

He didn't think that even when he became a unigin, there would come a day when his powers would be stripped off him by another.

But at the same time, it made the most sense.

What was the order? It was the set of rules and laws that the universe abides by. Disorder was the chaos produced when this order was destroyed.

As the ruler of those two primal powers, she could change the rules and the laws to her pleasure in this reality, which meant in a sense, she was higher in universal control compared to Lilith!

But, for such a magnificent and omnipotent power, the universe would not allow it to exist without a price.

Eris gently tapped her book, which lay open on the table. "This book is not just a collection of words. You can say it is a conduit of my power, a tool that allows me to shape reality according to the dictates of order and disorder."

"Just like your seven sins laws had limitations imposed by the universe to maintain its balance, this book is my limitation." She shared, unbothered in the slightest above informing the 'enemy' of her powers and weaknesses.

Felix gazed at the book and asked with a confused look, "How does it work exactly? How can a book limit you from using your powers? A unigin?"

Felix could understand the universe setting rulers and structure for even unigins. But at the same time, it gave them a choice to abuse them and break those rules as long as they could handle the punishment.

But based on her wording, it seemed like she couldn't use her powers without the book as a conduit.

"One question for each, little paragon." Eris cracked a faint emotionless smile.

"Go ahead." Felix respected the deal even though his curiosity was eating him from the inside.

"I desire you to answer my first question." Eris questioned with a sincere tone, "Is your love between you and the exiled celestial a mere chemical reaction or something different? Let me rephrase...When you ascended and became a unigin, the ruler of your own body, mind, and emotions, did you feel any change in your emotions toward her?"

While Felix couldn't utilize his laws, as the paragon of sins, his sense of evil intent or negative emotions was at its peak in the universe.

This made him able to discern that Eris wasn't feeding him with rubbish information and was being genuine.

At least, this what was his senses told him and this made him opt to share the truth as well to gain more useful information from her.

"Truthfully, my feelings were the same while I was a mortal, became a deity, and after I ascended to a unigin." Felix anwsered with a serious tone, "In fact, they only have gotten stronger with time and I never once felt like it was a byproduct of a chemical reaction that I can control...It's more than that, it's spiritual, like she is my genuine soulmate and without her, I will never feel complete again. I don't understand how to describe it any better than this."

"No need, you have already described it to perfection." Eris placed her fingers under her chin thoughtfully and stayed silent for a moment.

'Interesting, if his answer can be used as a piece of evidence, then it seems like the prophecy might have some truth to it.'

"What is it?" Felix frowned after realizing that this question might not be as innocent and useless as it seemed to him.

"Is this your second question?"

Just as Felix was about to give her a head nod, she added, "For your information, my questions regarding you aren't that many...So, choose carefully. Also, I will answer only questions regarding me."

In other words, she found only a few things about him intriguing and after getting her answers, she wouldn't bother to entertain him any longer.

This changed everything for Felix as he knew that such an opportunity to learn more about the inner parts of the upper celestial realm.

He tried to utilize his greed laws before to find out about the three rulers and Asna's situation, but the universe refused to give him answers because he hadn't ascended yet.

After ascending, those questions related to the three rulers seemed akin to a taboo as the universe made it clear that the only way for him to find out was through abusing his laws.

Felix refused to put himself in a slumber either now or never, knowing that if it happened, the three rulers would not sit by and watch.

No one would be there to protect him during his slumber besides Lord Hades, who was already extremely weakened and serving his punishment.

So, he postponed it for later.

"I desire to understand how you managed to bypass the celestial flames' effects and if I can achieve it too," Felix queried with a solemn expression.

In Felix's view, bypassing celestial flames would enable him to do the same for divinities. This was significant, considering that his three mortal enemies were their owners!