Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1658 One Question For Each. II

1658 One Question For Each. II

Eris looked directly at Felix, her eyes sharp yet revealing a hint of the vast knowledge she possessed.

In the end, she couldn't help but break a faint chortle at the thought of him asking her about the ways to defeat the three rulers while knowing she was part of their assembly.

"You see, celestial energy is the sole entity outside of the universe's order and system. However, the moment celestial energy turns into flames, divinities, or whatnot, it becomes part of the universal order, bound by its laws." She explained, "Anything part of the universe's order is under my jurisdiction...Obviously, within limits."

"Doesn't this make you more powerful than the three rulers!" Felix sucked a deep cold breath.

Felix always had a notion that the unigin of order and disorder would be on a different level of omnipotence.

Still, not in his wildest dreams did he expect that she would even be able to affect the celestial flames and divinities!

"Don't be silly now." Eris shook her head, "You know very little of the three rulers' true powers and it seems like you mistake their strength to be all related to their divinities."

"Then..."

Eris waved her finger, making him understand that she would not discuss anything related to the three rulers as per the rules.

Felix dropped the subject at once, not wanting to push his luck...Still, the question bore a hole in his mind, making him feel like he was treading on a much more foreign territory than he thought.

"As for if you can break apart the celestial flames or the divinities' effects, well, that's a question for Lilith, not me." Eris advised with a tint of irritation in her tone, "That vixen might be manipulative and borderline psycho, but she knows more than she shows...Unless you receive her help, you will never reach the true potential of the seven sins laws."

"..."

Felix knitted his eyebrows in response, showing that he wasn't too pleased with the suggestion.

But at the same time, he began to understand that seeking that witch's help was something inevitable.

It took him so much just to deal with Hephaestus and while he understood that unigins were never supposed to be easy to defeat, it still didn't sit right with him.

After all, his end goal was always the three rulers and if he wanted to even touch their heels, he had to go the extra mile.

If it meant lowering his pride and kissing Lilith's ass for her assistance, then so be it...Still, this wouldn't change his plan to snap her neck at the first opportunity presented.

His hatred runs way too deep...

"My turn." Eris interrupted his thoughts with a deep question that seemed irrelevant to her, "If I may ask, what's your purpose?"

"What do you mean?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, knowing that she wasn't asking about Asna.

"You know what I mean."

Felix went quiet...The question roamed in his mind akin to a wandering ghost, refusing to let go of its grip on him.

He knew that the simpler answer would be to live with Asna in a cozy place, free of problems, free of danger, and free of anyone's authority and control.

But, this was never always his purpose or his aspiration...He had lived a previous life before he met Asna and in that life, he should have possessed a purpose unrelated to anyone.

But, no matter how he tried to remember it, no matter how he tried to think of it, nothing came to his mind.

It was like he was a robot, just experiencing life, instead of living it...Even the purpose of becoming strong to avoid what happened to him in the ruins occurred at the end of his life and the beginning of his new one.

Or becoming the supreme leader of the alliance...That was a universal dream for every bloodliner or fighter in the universe and it wasn't unique to him.

Even reaching the peak to help his race evolve was nothing but a purpose decided out of his childlike pride of being a human.

He thought and thought, and in the end, Felix realized, that throughout his life, he had many purposes, but not a single one could be said to have spoken to his inner self.

A purpose that could be his identity and make him feel like he was a unique entity regardless of his universal status or strength.

None...

'Was I always like this? Being moved by the wind of destiny, just floating by, and accepting whatever happens in my path as normal? Who am I?' Felix tightened his eyebrows in confusion, feeling a bit lost and weirded out.

Just one question was enough to make him question his entire identity if he had any, yet again.

He understood that even if he succeeded in saving Asna, killing the three rulers, and freeing himself and her from anyone's authority, nothing would change in him.

He would be happier to live with her and maybe even start a family, but this wouldn't change the fact that he was living his entire life without a single purpose from the start to the end.

He fell into the same identity crisis as the primogenitors when they had already done and achieved everything they desired, leaving them seeking their true purpose in this life.

While their true purpose didn't please a single one of them after finding out, they had at least moved on from their eternal search and all they needed to do was either accept it or not.

When Eris saw how lost Felix was and how he was incapable of answering such a simple question, she couldn't help but sigh to herself, 'How sorrowful...If this is the price of loneliness, the price is a bit too steep.'

No one knew if she was feeling sorry for Felix, herself, or something else...Whatever it was, she had the same reaction as Lord Zurvan during Felix's battle against Nimo's alter ego.

She soon came to Felix's rescue and pulled him out of those extensional crisis thoughts.

"You can drop it and ask me one last thing." Eris said as she tapped on her wrist, gesturing that time was running thin, "This reality is separated from the outside and the three leaders can't hear or see anything, but it's best not to push our luck. I have no interest in being questioned by them."

"Ah, okay."

Felix shook his head and regained control over his thoughts and emotions, burying this faint extensional crisis at the depth of his heart.

Nothing changed at the moment and his goal was still to save his woman and get rid of the three rulers.

He could wonder about the rest after fulfilling them. After all, if he failed, nothing would matter anyway.

Felix thought deeply and hard about his next inquiry but at the same time, he didn't take long to decide on it...

He looked into Eris' eyes and asked with a solemn tone, "Do you know what's on the other side?"

This was a inquiry that neither Lord Hades nor Lilith anwsered...Not even the universe answered him after he used his greed laws.

This made him believe that maybe no one knew about it either, not even the three rulers...But at the same time, he refused to believe in this theory. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Why? He couldn't accept the thought that the three rulers would go this far for something they had no clue about.

He couldn't accept the notion that Asna was treated like sh*t by them ever since her birth and even in her adulthood for an ending that could be anything.

What if it was just nothingness? What if it was just another part of the universe? What if it was a mere small dimension?

Alas...

Eris looked at him dead in the eye, knowing exactly what was going through his mind, and uttered indifferently, "Boy, for the three rulers, their freedom is worth more than the universe."

"Asna?" She scoffed, "If the prophecy uttered the only way to reach the other side is through destroying the universe, they would have done it by now even if there was nothing there."

"Prophecy? What are you talking about?" Felix was taken aback by hearing this term.

Too bad, Eris had no intention to continue this conversation...She waved her hand and the pocket actualness seemed to fall apart on itself.

"It was a pleasant conversation." Eris closed her book and stood up from the table, uncaring about Felix who seemed to be stretching apart like he was made out of rubber.

"What's happening to me?!" Felix asked with a startled tone as he gazed at his stretching arms, feeling not an ounce of pain.

"Until we meet again, little paragon." Eris merely waved her hand as she walked through a chaotic portal. Just as she went out, she popped her head back in and anwsered calmly, "To answer your question, I have no idea what is on the other side either."

The moment she uttered this, the chaotic portal closed, and the actualness pocket collapsed on itself, taking Felix with it painlessly...

Even after everything that happened, Eris not at all had any intentions of letting Felix's clone stay alive.

'Well, this isn't so bad either...'

Felix closed his eyes one last time, and when he opened them again, the environment before him changed into a massive leafless dead forest with a dried-up lake in front.

"What an interesting character..." Felix murmured to himself after reviewing the memories of his clone.