Chapter 1659 A Forced Unanimous Decision.

1659 A Forced Unanimous Decision.

"Did something happen?"

Elder Kraken asked what was in everyone's minds, understanding that Felix's comment was out of place...Especially, when not even a second had gone by after his teleportion concluded.

"It's my clone." Felix went on and narrated what happened between him and the unigin of order and disorder.

When he was done, everyone had a different reaction to Eris' mannerisms and lack of aggression.

"It seems like she isn't really on the three rulers' side." J?rmungandr commentated.

"That four-eyed dull woman is on no one's side." Lilith remarked lazily, "You should feel glad she didn't keep you trapped in her reality and run some experiments on you...That's all she cares about."

The moment she said this, everyone turned to glance at Lady Sphinx in silence.

Lady Sphinx's eyelids twitched, knowing that they were comparing her similar personality with hers.

"After witnessing her omnipotent powers in action, I have indeed made out through her mercy." Felix couldn't agree more.

He realized that if even his celestial flames were useless against her powers, there was really nothing much he could have done the instant he entered her reality.

She could enslave his clone and do whatever it wanted with it and the worst part? He wouldn't be able to recover him even if he canceled his wrath's symbol!

How could it work when she had the power to erase his laws on her reality and cut off their spiritual connection?

"She is extremely dangerous, no, she is a different monster compared to Hephaestus and it's best to keep my distance from her in the future." Felix decided with a solemn tone.

Even though his experience with her was pleasant and peaceful, and she seemed to harbor no evil intent at him, he had no intentions of putting his trust in her.

His trust was too difficult to earn at the moment and unless someone literally did the unspeakable for him, he would never be able to trust him even by 10%.

Knowing that time wasn't in his favor at the moment, Felix pushed the subject to the back of his mind for later and focused on relocating himself and his base to a new safe location.

He released his spiritual pressure until it covered millions of kilometers and stopped only after finding a massive active volcano, surrounded by nothing but its smog, ashes, and darkened desolate surface.

In his eyes, with Hephaestus being removed from existence, anything related to fire was his next perfect location, whether he succeeded in the next ascension and obtained Hephaestus's laws or not.

He took a single step forward and then he appeared at the base of the volcano...With a snap of a finger, he used the equal trade symbol to sacrifice some of the dreamers and world eaters to move his people here.

In almost an instant, Nimo, Candace, Arthur, the rest of the councilmen, the void citizens, and what remained of the non-

intelligent void creatures, all appeared behind him.

"Daddy!"

Nimo instantly jumped into Felix's embrace and after a few excited rubs on his cheek, he sat on his shoulders, dangling his small legs on Felix's chest.

Felix caught and played with his tiny feet with a gentle smile planted on his face...Without a change of expression, he addressed everyone in front of him, "The mission has been concluded successfully and the god of fire has been disposed of."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Candace, The Ruiner, Arthur, and the rest of the void citizens were all left with speechless looks, having no idea how to react to his overwhelming statement when he said it in such a manner.

Everyone imagined this moment to be epic and glorious with their god emerging victorious and giving them a speech that would inspire them to work even harder after pulling the impossible.

Yet, there he was, fooling around with Nimo akin to a stern grandpa turning into a soft jelly after meeting his grandchildren.

"No reaction? As expected of my citizens, your standards are just as high as mine. But don't worry, this is just the beginning and we won't stop until we bring the entire kingdom to its knees. Now, let's build our new base."

Felix gave them a thumbs up with a satisfied expression and then turned around to walk toward the volcano while asking Nimo about what he had done in his day.

Candace and the rest of the void citizens remained silent for a couple few seconds, not knowing whether to cry or laugh.

"That's my god for ya!" The Ruiner laughed loudly as he chased after Felix, unbothered by the whole situation.

"Aya, it is what it is..."

When they saw this, Candace and the rest could only share some bitter and wry smiles amongst each other before following behind their god, feeling like farmers returning home after a difficult harvest instead of warriors returning from war...

***

Meanwhile, near the eternal kingdom's gate, the unigins were still gathered there in a small circle...Every one of them had a solemn expression.

It was understandable as they had just been contacted by the three rulers and got delivered with an ultimatum that went like this.

"The situation with Asna's core has escalated...You, the great unigins, have been granted the task of retrieving Asna's core. This mission is of paramount importance, and yet, it seems that the seriousness of this task has not been fully grasped."

"We are offering you one final opportunity to take this hunt seriously and bring us Asna's core. Your efforts thus far have been... lacking."

"Either grasp the opportunity or return the Celestial Cages."

The rulers' words hung heavy in the air, a clear ultimatum to the Unigins...There was an underlying threat in their message: if the unigins failed to accomplish this crucial task, the rulers themselves would intervene and take matters into their own hands.

Although they didn't value their honor or pride, having their reliability questioned was unsettling and shameful.

However, emotional manipulation was not enough to convince the unigins to continue their hunt...It would take more than that.

"Ahh, what a hassle, it's no longer even about the promotion." Demeter rubbed her eyelids in irritation, "The paragon's actions have shown great aggression and I doubt he will halt his operation of saving the exiled anytime soon."

"As long as he plans to fight against the three rulers, he will need an immense amount of celestial energy." Athena shook her head, "I doubt he will dare get close to the celestial city ever again without the necessary preparation, which would leave him with the sole option of continuing to target us."

In other words, even if the unigins wanted to drop off from the hunt and mind their business in their environment, Felix wouldn't allow them to. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The only way to avoid having a battle with him was by agreeing to willingly share their celestial energy with him.

That's something none of them had any intention of doing ever.

It wasn't even about choosing sides in this brazen confrontation anymore, it was about their protection against the invader.

If Felix was right here in front of them, he would agree with their take.

He had no intentions of being at peace with any unigin that stood in his path, which meant, that the day he decided to invade a territory and absorb celestial energy, they could either close their eyes and let it happen or arm up and take him on!

However, there is another route to take and everybody knew deep down what it was. Yet, none of them even bothered to entertain the notion of it.

'If swearing my alliance with him and joining his cause is the only way to avoid having my celestial energy absorbed, I would rather take him on ten times out of ten.'

This thought coursed through everyone's minds as they gazed through their scouts at Felix's old empty void base.

In another sense, while they didn't care regarding either party if they were forced to choose one from the other, they would always pick the three rulers without an ounce of hesitation!

If anyone knew which they knew regarding the three rulers, they would pick them every time...

"I guess it's unanimous?" Athena didn't have to say much to figure out everyone's decision.

"Let's get rid of the vermin and return to our routine." Zeus uttered indifferently as him walked away, "Contact me as you locate him."