Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1663 The Celestial Ceremony.

1663 The Celestial Ceremony.

Felix didn't even consider seeking a way to help Asna leave the celestial realm as he knew that was a near impossibility.

The three rulers were always inside the realm, guarding the universe's heart, and Felix had no plans to put himself in their hands so soon.

Still, he tried to find other ways at least to communicate with her and see how was she doing.

"Just drop it, as long as the celestial realm is sealed, nothing will work," Lilith advised.

"..." Felix remained silent.

He already knew that the seals would make any plan or method fail miserably.

That's why he chose the only time when it was widely known that the celestial realm remained open for a decent period.

"You are thinking about doing something during the Celestial Ceremony?" Lilith raised an eyebrow in surprise, "How bold, you truly don't fear death."

Everyone showed the same reaction as Lilith, giving Felix startled looks.

"Isn't that where all citizens of the eternal kingdom gather? Including the unigins and three rulers?" Thor sucked a deep breath, "How are you planning to make a move during it?"

Everyone knew that the Celestial Ceremony was one of the most important events in the eternal kingdom.

It was the only time when the three rulers accepted all the collected celestial energy from their territories and traded it off for a percentage of their divinities.

It was held every century for the sake of collecting a decent portion before trading it off.

This was also where new mortals were blessed by the three rulers with some divinities for their achievements unrelated to their gods.

Yet, the most played-out and significant event was the Celestial Dual. It was the only legal and approved method by everyone for the unigins to steal celestial energy from their peers without touching their territories.

It was through a direct challenge between unigins, where both parties needed to agree.

The winner was rewarded with the decided portion of the other. Most unigins participated on it only for entertainment purposes between them since they wouldn't need to worry about their territories while in battle.

Under the attendance of the three rulers, most unigins behaved themselves.

"I don't aware yet, but I know there must be a way to manipulate the ceremony to our advantage." Felix replied with narrowed eyes.

In Felix's mind, the unigins and the three rulers would never postpone the ceremony due to him.

While this would provide him a chance to prepare ahead and take advantage, it also meant that all of them were confident he wouldn't be able to harm them in any fashion. Even if he decided to pay a visit to their territories to steal celestial energy.

In other words...

"The three rulers are going to be guarding all the unigins territories in case one of them decided to be funny." Felix shared, "This means the three rulers wouldn't hesitate to strike me, no matter how much celestial energy was going to cost them."

"It's way riskier than going to the ceremony." Thor stressed on his point, "At least during the ceremony, they might not bother to make a move while everyone was around."

Everyone believed the same, knowing that it was better to ride this wave of nonchalance from the three rulers than poke them.

"I will ponder of something." Felix mumured the last part, "I have to check on her...I have to."

...

A couple of months later...

In the vast, silent expanse of outer space, where the darkness is punctuated only by the distant twinkle of stars and the infinite piece of land, Felix could be seen sitting on the top of the world eater raccoon's head. He allowed Nimo to practice his laws through playing with the behemoths, and he wasn't pulling his hands.

'I guess we are somewhat further now to create a real star." Felix to himself as he glanced at the far away eternal kingdom.

He spent the past months fooling around with fire, magma, plasma, and anything else heat related. While he had enjoyed himself, he had yet to create a star without worrying about nothing.

After all, with the unigins' senses, it would take only one of them to be gazing at the sky to realize the addition of a new star. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

At least, now, he had the chance to teleport away if he got caught.

Without hesitation, Felix extended his hands, palms facing outward.

His focus was intense, a concentration so profound it seemed to bend the very fabric of space around him. The energy from Hephaestus' core coursed through him, a turbulent river of divine fiery power that he was only now beginning to understand and harness.

He envisioned the star, not just as a celestial body, but as a symbol of life, warmth, and the light that guided through darkness.

Slowly, Felix began to gather the cosmic dust and gas floating aimlessly around him, using his will to compress them into a dense sphere.

The materials coalesced under his command, drawn together by the invisible force of his intent.

As the mass grew, so too did the pressure within it, a mounting force seeking release!

The heart of the nascent star began to glow faintly, the first spark of life within its core!

Felix's eyes shone with reflected light, witnessing the birth of something magnificent from the raw materials of the cosmos.

It was like he had the power not to just destroy, but create, add something of real value to the universe's system.

"Now," he whispered, injecting a surge of Hephaestus' fiery essence into the heart of the sphere.

The reaction was immediate and explosive!

The core ignited, a brilliant flash of light that pierced the surrounding darkness, marking the birth of a new star!

Candace and the rest of the void citizens watched in awe as the star blazed to life, its light steady and strong.

As he floated there, basking in the light of his creation, Felix felt a deep connection to the cosmos, an understanding that he was part of something much greater.

The experience was transformative, reshaping his perception of his place in the universe and the path that lay before him.

'If I ascended six more times and obtained the powers to rule over dozens of laws, will my existence be closer to the universe?' He muttered in his mind as he watched the source of life burning before him.

'Will that be enough to bring down the three rulers?' As Felix asked, expecting no one to answer him, he couldn't help but focus on Lilith.

Then, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath before snapping them open with a different type of look.

That breath was his pride, his dignity, his face, all for the sake of his loved one.

"I desire to know how strong are the rulers compared to the unigins." Felix asked.

"Ohohoho, what do we have here?" Lilith lowered her sunglasses, showing an amusing look.

This was the first time Felix went out of his way to query her something directly after what she did to him and his masters.

She always answered some of his questions, but only through interjections.

"Can you just answer?" Felix got irritated swiftly.

"You can't expect me not to enjoy this." Lilith chuckled, "The great Felix seeking my help and wisdom."

"I understood this was a dumb id..."

"Relax, can't I tease you for a bit?"

Seeing that Felix's expression was still not amused, Lilith could only sigh and say out loud, "Fine, you desire to know? I will inform you."

Everyone's ears perked up in intrigue while their expression showed an untold amount of seriousness.

The three rulers' strength and powers were always up to debate compared to the unigins.

It was finally the time where they would put a number on it.

"Hmmm, long story short." Lilith shared casually, "They can be as strong as their celestial reservoir, growing infinitely more powerful than anything imaginable."

"Infinitely?"

"Yes, infinitely."

"..."