Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1664 Not So Innocent.

1664 Not So Innocent.

Uncaring about everyone's stunned expressions, Lilith continued, her gaze piercing into the distance, "The three rulers, possess a strength that is not static. Their power has the potential to grow infinitely, bound only by the amount of celestial energy they can access and harness. This is all you should know to understand that those beings are close to untouchable if they decide to go all out."

Felix absorbed her words, the implications slowly dawning on him...The cosmic battle for power was not just about the might one started with but the ability to accumulate and expand that might.

At this moment, he came to realize that the three rulers should never be thought of from the same perspective as unigins.

Any being with the ability to grow infinitely implied that his existence was at the apex...For him to even be named in the same breath as them, he needed to join that apex first.

Lilith saw the realization dawn on Felix's face and nodded, affirming his understanding. "Yes. Your ascensions, your battles, even the star you've just created, they are all part of a larger tapestry of power. Unfortunately, the rulers have positioned themselves at the nexus of celestial energy, drawing upon it to fuel their endless growth. Even I don't know their current level."

"I see..."

Felix nodded, a new determination kindling within him.

Understanding the true nature of the rulers' strength didn't make him lose his confidence, but provided him with a new lens through which to view his journey and the challenges ahead.

When it came to Asna, he would never get discouraged by anything as he was going to save her no matter what it took...That's a promise he had to keep.

"Knowing this changes everything...It's not enough to match their current strength, you must find a way to surpass their growth potential." Lady Sphinx commentated calmly.

In other words, when it came to the three rulers, there was no such thing as surpassing an amount of bloodline force to be able to defeat them.

Their strength had already overcome this stage and for Felix to reach the same platform as them, he had to escape from such limitations as well.

"Having the ability to ascend multiple times is currently the only available option to achieve this 'state'." Felix shared his thoughts, "I believe that if I reached the seventh ascension, the universe might consider putting me in the same breath as the three rulers since my social status would not be on the same level as other unigins."

He believed that the universe might separate him from the rest of the unigins since his status would be much higher than theirs, knowing that the universe was all about balance..

"It would be nice if it happens, but one can only hope," Thor replied.

"Asna being a celestial herself, might also possess the same infinite growth potential." Elder Kraken suggested, "I believe if you found a way to save her and return her core, she will be the true danger to the three rulers as long as she awakens."

"What's your thoughts on this?" Felix glanced at Lilith, wanting to add her into their conversations willingly, to extract information.

"I would agree." Lilith chuckled, "If your little girlfriend were to awaken, she would be the bane of the three rulers and their plan."

Before anyone could react to this surprising, but somewhat expected piece of news, she continued, "Too bad, the celestial energy required for her awakening is on a different level."

"How bad? If compared to the amount I stole? Thousand times?" Felix narrowed his eyes.

Lilith merely pointed a finger upward as a response.

"Ten thousand times?"

The finger was still up.

"Hundred thousand times?"

"I don't have time for this." Lilith's eyelids twitched and replied, "It's beyond a century billion."

"..."

"..."

"..."

The moment Felix and the tenants heard this, they were left staring at each other in utter stupefaction!

They expected her to be an energy-devouring monster but beyond a hundred billion times what he stole? That was simply unimaginable!

"Why does she need so much?" Felix sucked a deep breath, "I knew unigins devour tons of energy to rouse their full strength, but still..."

If this was what everyone needed to awaken, then, the universe would have not a single awakened unigin roaming around.

"Your girlfriend is a special breed." Lilith uttered with a slightly envious tone, "She is kind of a mixed creature with attributes of celestials and unigins. She can harness, absorb, and control celestial energy, but at the same time, she has compatibility with all laws and elements, plus possesses the ability to awaken like unigins. Mind you, the three rulers can't awaken."

When she was put like this, everyone noticed that Asna somewhat neither was a celestial nor a unigin...She was both and none.

None in the sense that she had yet to rouse and establish her genuine powers and capabilities while at the same time, she had yet to create her own divinity.

The celestial white flames were something standardized among the three rulers too.

In other words, she had yet to explore an inch of her true strength.

"Is this why she was sealed?" Felix's pupil narrowed in focus after it dawned on him that Asna's presence was a direct hurdle for the three rulers' master plan!

"It's one of the main reasons." Lilith confirmed it, "There is no way the three rulers can allow her to rouse when she is going to exhaust all the resources they had painstakingly collected for eons."

"As expected." Felix's expression got cold, "This means unless the three rulers succeeded in their plan, Asna was bound to be either imprisoned or banished away from celestial energy sources for the rest of her life."

"Yep." Lilith added oil to the fire with a sinister smile, "Also, the majority of the unigins agreed to her exile when they heard that celestial energy would be dried up from the land for the next eons if she were ever to awaken."

"Why do you think none of them are sympathetic to her imprisonment even when it happened twice?"

"In their eyes, she is even more risky than the three rulers."

The more she spoke, the more Felix's body temperature rose until he felt like he could melt anything nearby...Even his eyes started to turn red with liquified lava gathered near the tips akin to tears.

"Hooh, little one, relax, relax." Thor remarked while cleaning the sweat on his forehead.

"Awwww...It burns!" Candace yelped in pain and swiftly teleported away.

"Easy there, Felix." Fenrir used his ice manipulation to cool down the temperature a bit. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Oh...My bad."

When Felix heard everyone and saw the sudden change in atmosphere, he swiftly regained control over his body temperature.

As he lowered it back to normal, his anger was still there, but this time, he didn't let it meddle with his temperature...This was one of the many subtle changes that occurred after his second ascension.

"I guess they weren't so innocent after all," Felix remarked with a cold tone as he envisioned the sh*tty treatment Asna had to go through in her childhood.

As a unigin born twenty million years ago, she was considered the youngest of them all, and instead of guiding her and treating her as their little princess, they banished and locked her up all alone.

While Felix knew better not to believe anything Lilith had said, he wasn't dumb enough to believe that the unigins had their hands off this.

Even if they didn't actively participate, the fact that none of them stood up for Asna, was enough of an excuse to not feel an ounce of remorse in hunting them down.

"Give me their names, it will make my decision for my next targets much easier." Felix inquired with a cold tone.

Author Announcement: My apologies for missing the release date for three days now. The situation related to my family's inheritance has developed into a deadlock, and it started to get a bit chaotic down here.

In the end, we have decided to rely on lawyers to avoid any unnecessary trouble and solve this amicably. I have returned to the office in the morning and I have used all my time to edit as many chapters as I could. I have edited five now and will release them all today. Tomorrow I will edit the last one to finish what you guys owe me for the past three days.

Thank you for your understanding and I hope you have a great day!