Chapter 1665 Exploring The True Potential of Seven The Sins Laws. I

1665 Exploring The True Potential of Seven The Sins Laws. I

After Felix received the names of the unigins, he ignored the ones unreachable by him at his current level and aimed his guns at the familiar ones.

"Poseidon, Zeus, Athena, Aeolus, Hephaestus, and Demeter." He repeated with a tint of coldness in his voice.

"Interesting, only Apollo and Artemis have rejected the proposition," Thor remarked.

"It's not that interesting." Lilith replied lazily, "Apollo has slept through the decision while Artemis is a known softie and couldn't put the little one through that."

"It doesn't matter, let's start with those five and if they dared to stop in my path, I wouldn't mind adding them to the list," Felix remarked.

"You make it sound like you already have the other five in the bag." Lord Shiva humbled him with an indifferent tone, "Do you have a plan in mind to take one of them at least?"

"No, not yet," Felix replied with a deep frown.

He wanted to both establish a connection with Asna and take down a unigin or two. But both situations required some serious planning and at the moment, he didn't have much.

He could see a small line to achieve both missions during the Celestial Ceremony, but at the same time, he couldn't pull it.

In the end, he placed the planning in the back of his mind and focused on improving his strength and foundation first.

Without the necessary strength, even if he had the plan ready, he wouldn't have what it took to pull it off.

Now, that he had somehow gotten 'closer' with Lilith during their last conversation, he had less of a struggle to request her assistance in mastering the true potential of his sins' laws. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Lilith merely showed a faint smirk, like she had expected him to cave in eventually.

Although she knew that his vengeful thoughts towards her hadn't changed, she wasn't too bothered by it.

"Come down here." She said.

Upon entering Asna's core, Felix noticed Lilith sitting on the floor. Her robe was slightly raised, revealing some of her inner thighs.

Felix walked forward and sat across from each other...The atmosphere was heavy with anticipation, as Lilith prepared to delve into the depths of the sins laws.

"Felix," Lilith began, her voice low and imbued with a gravity that demanded attention, unlike her usual playfulness, "You have only begun to scratch the surface of the sins laws' true potential...These laws are not just tools for battle; they are a reflection of the deepest, most primal aspects of existence itself."

Lilith leaned forward, ensuring Felix grasped the significance of her words. "The true terror of the sins laws lies in their ability to manipulate and control the very essence of desire."

Felix and the tenants couldn't help but nod their heads in agreement with solemn looks. The notion of the seven sins laws being restricted by some symbols' effects didn't sit well with them.

In their minds, the ruler of the seven sins should rule anyone and anything with a tint of desire in their system.

For example, the three rulers weren't pure desireless beings...They sought their freedom and would do anything to make it happen. That alone should speak volumes of their intense emotions related to this issue and how Felix should have the possibility to manipulate it to his advantage.

However, he had gone through all the unlocked symbols after he ascended, and there was nothing there that was powerful enough to work on them.

Lilith's gaze held Felix's, ensuring he comprehended the weight of her next words.

"You have ascended into the paragon of sins, but in reality, you became a mere starter unigin with basic understanding and access to your powers. You think the 25 million BF, some inner enhancement, and those unlocked symbols are everything?"

"Not even close. Unigins are just like any other being with powers...The universe bestows the tools and we are left to use them within its allowed confinement." Lilith remarked calmly, "We also invent, learn, master, fail, and sometimes succeed in utilizing our laws."

"In your case, you haven't inherited anything I have achieved in my peak, you merely inherited the standardized basics of my laws, and the same must have happened during your second ascension." She chuckled, "You might have created a star, but try to condense a thousand of them at once and see what happens."

In other words, even if he had defeated Hephaestus and obtained his powers, there was no way he was going to show the same level of prowess as Hephaestus in terms of utilizing the fire laws.

He would battle to even condense a couple of stars without having them explode in his face on the first attempt.

"I have always assumed this. Being a unigin means having the freedom to control the laws as you please, and I have yet to experience this with my laws." Felix nodded in understanding, "It's good I have a confirmation at last."

"If you are implying the freedom to manipulate sins just like void energy, fire, or such, then you will be gravely disappointed." Lilith shook her head, "Seven sins are bound by symbols and that's their limitation imposed on them by the universe. You can not manipulate the desires of beings in your realm or above directly without symbols...Just like Eris' limitation is the order and chaos tome."

Before Felix could feel disappointed to hear this, Lilith continued, "However, you have the potential to create new sin symbols, each embodying an aspect effect of sin not yet explored."

"New symbols? How?" Felix leaned forward, intrigued.

The concept of crafting a new sin symbol was both daunting and electrifying.

"It's a feat that requires a profound understanding of desire and its manifestations."

"To create a new symbol, you must first conceptualize a sin that embodies a unique aspect of desire. It's not about replicating what already exists but discovering new depths to the sins that govern our actions...You can even capitalize on your desires to create symbols."

She paused, making sure that Felix comprehended the seriousness of her words before continuing.

"Let's consider an example, a symbol I have long since created called the Reflective Mirror Symbol. This symbol draws upon my desire to turn one's enemies' strengths against them, a reflection of my envy, yet distinct in its application."

Felix absorbed her explanation, the gears turning in his mind as he envisioned the symbol's potential.

"The Reflective Mirror Symbol," Lilith elaborated, "Creates a mirror that does more than merely reflect. It captures any ability directed towards it and reflects a copy. It can even create a copy for the user's utilization."

"For real?!"

"That's too good!"

"Any ability?! Can he copy abilities related to Eris and other upper celestial unigins?"

This symbol alone was enough to blow everyone's minds off...All of them comprehended the significance of being able to copy other unigins' abilities.

While they knew some conditions must be fulfilled for the symbol to work, having a possibility was better than none.

"So, the process of creation involves not just the power, but the intent, the desire behind the symbol?"

"Exactly," Lilith affirmed. "It's about embodying a concept so deeply that it materializes into a symbol. You must ponder on the essence of the new sin, focusing your desires and energies until they coalesce into a symbol."

She leaned back, giving Felix a moment to digest the information. "This can be simple and difficult depending on your intelligence since it requires introspection and a deep dive into the nature of sin and desire. But with your unique journey and experiences, you are in a prime position to explore this path."

Felix sat in contemplation, the idea of creating new symbols sparked a myriad of possibilities. However, he comprehended that this couldn't be all.

Creating new symbols was great and all, but Lilith couldn't have antagonized the entire kingdom with just some new symbols.

There must be something else, something more terrifying.

"You must be wondering if there is anything else." Lilith chuckled after reading him like a book.

Felix gave a head nod with a solemn expression. "Well, is there?"

"How about this? If you manage to create a new symbol in the next year, I will tell you what's next." Lilith smiled as she offered him a challenge.

"Fine by me."

Felix agreed to it without much complaint...He stood up and turned around, planning to take a hike.

He already had plans to focus wholeheartedly on finding out more about those new symbols, plus exploring his new heat-related laws...A year was enough time to work on them.

Alas, if only Lilith wasn't too much of a playful succubus...

"By the way, you aren't allowed to create symbols I have already invented." She giggled as she eyed Felix's shoulders tense from the back after he heard her ludicrous statement.

Slowly and deliberately, Felix turned his head until his twitching face was in front of Lilith's. Then, he asked with a forced smile, "You joking, right?"

"Nope."

"..."