Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1672 The Sensation of Mortality.

1672 The Sensation of Mortality.

At the same time, inside Poseidon's grand throne chamber, where the walls were adorned with corals of every hue and the floors mirrored the undulating surface of the ocean, Apollo was found lounging lazily on a cloud of darkness.

Poseidon's gaze was fixed on Apollo, who seemed at ease amidst the aquatic splendor. While Poseidon wasn't too much of an Apollo fan, he had to invite him for his own sake.

"Apollo," Poseidon's voice boomed like the sound of crashing waves. "I want to let you know that I have no intention of expanding my territory into yours. I'm happy with what I have, and I know you and Hephaestus had a peace agreement between you too...I want that."

"Brother Poseidon, I appreciate the offer, but I am afraid I have to decline." Apollo replied with a stern gaze, "I have been at peace for far too long, and my fiery heart can't take it anymore. I have to battle you, no I must fight you."

"Can you not mess around for once in your life?" Posedion's eyelids twitched, not taking him seriously one bit.

"Wasn't I pretty convincing?" Apollo dropped the act with a faint chuckle.

"This is serious, Apollo." Poseidon remarked with a solemn tone, "After conquering Hephaestus' territory, I am certain the other bastards will greed over my harvested amount of celestial energy from both territories. They will gun for me during the ceremony and I am not in the mood to enter another conflict with my neighbor. So, are we cool? Yes or no?" CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Come on, Possy..."

"You want me to bush your face?" Posedion's expression turned cold the instant he heard the nickname, "Didn't I tell you to never call me that?"

"Cough, so intense, my bad, my bad, just chill." Apollo quickly apologized with a disappointed look, "You know, life is more than just constant chase over celestial energy and strength. There is music, art, sex, and so much more, why don't you visit my place and I will show you some good time?"

"Yes or no...Apollo." Poseidon repeated with a suppressed tone, feeling like he was dealing with a man-child instead of an unigin.

"Tsk, fine, we are cool." Apollo clicked his tongue in criticism, "You guys are always so boring."

"That's all I wanted to hear." Poseidon exhaled his irritation away after receiving his approval at last.

While Apollo was eccentric and a bit off rails, Poseidon had no interest in making an enemy out of him...In fact, not a single unigin desired to be Apollo's enemy. Not even the ambitious Hephaestus dared to target Apollo's territory even when it always seemed so free for anyone to grab.

It was for a good reason as Apollo wasn't the same when he got triggered...

"Are you planning on sitting out of the ceremony again?" Poseidon asked with a curious tone, "Or, do you already have someone in mind to challenge."

Apollo, strumming a few thoughtful chords on his lyre, responded with a bored look, "Meh, I am satisfied with watching you tear each other up and composing some music out of it."

"Thought as much." Poseidon wasn't surprised.

Apollo seldom participated in those battles unless someone challenged him for a significant portion of his celestial energy...The unigins never bothered to challenge him since he was somewhat on good terms with all of them even if they disliked his personality.

Usually, the neighboring unigins challenge each other to obtain a portion of the collected celestial energy or even some parts of their territories if they decide to bet on them.

In this case, Poseidon vs Hephaestus, Athena vs Zeus, and lastly, Artemis vs Demeter vs Aeolus since Apollo never took part in the battles.

"With Hephaestus gone and me in possession of his territory, I doubt this event will be anything like the previous ones..."

Poseidon narrowed his eyes coldly, having a strong feeling that anyone who got lucky and received the first challenging choice would aim for his neck.

"Don't worry, I got your back." Apollo showed him a thumbs-up as he said, "I will compose a masterpiece to cheer you on."

"..." Poseidon went silent for a moment and asked, "Why are you still here?"

"For mental support." Apollo replied with a stern voice, "I can't leave Possy..."

"GET THE F*CK OUT!"

With a roar that echoed the thunderous crash of waves against cliffs, he hurled the trident in Apollo's direction, a clear message that the line had been crossed!

The trident, a blur of motion and a force of nature unto itself cleaved through the water and air of the throne chamber, aimed directly at where Apollo lounged.

The chamber, accustomed to the serene beauty of underwater life, was suddenly filled with a thunderous explosion that sent shockwaves across the entire underwater city!

BOOOOOOM!!

But as the dust settled and the waters calmed, an eerie silence took hold.

Where Apollo had once lain, there was now only empty space...The god of light, ever elusive and quick, had vanished before the trident could reach him, leaving Poseidon's display of anger to strike naught but shadows.

Poseidon could only gaze at the spot Apollo had vacated, a mixture of frustration and vexation coloring his features.

"Annoying prick." Poseidon murmured as he retracted his trident, "Calling me Possy here and there, what if it caught on? Good thing that asshole is dea..."

Before he could finish his sentence, it suddenly dawned on him that Hephaestus, his mortal rival, was dead for real...

He couldn't get revived even if he wanted since Felix had erased his soul and replaced his position...While he hated Hephaestus to the bone, he still respected him as an enemy.

His ending truly didn't leave a good taste in his mouth even when he was the one taking the most advantage of it.

"He was here for billions of years...Now, he is gone, forever and ever." Poseidon gazed into the distance as he tightened his grasp on the trident, feeling like his heart was about to burst, "If I don't want to be next, I possess to be at my best at all times."

The notion of having the possibility of true death weirdly made him feel more alive than ever. While the feeling remained foreign and played on his fear cords, he found out that he quite enjoyed it.

"The sensation of mortality...No wonder mortals live every second of their lives like it is their last." Poseidon released a faint chuckle as he calmed down his emotions, "It's not so bad..."

***

The years dissolved into the ether, such as mist under the morning sun, leaving barely a trace as they passed...Before long, nine decades had gone by.

In the heart of the cosmos, within the confines of his throne chamber, Felix sat in contemplation with eyes closed.

As he began to open them, the perspective began to zoom out, showing more than twenty colorful symbols floating above his head.

Each one pulsated with intense power, a vivid testament to Felix's hard work and the depth of his exploration into the confluence of sins and symbols.

These were not mere symbols; they were sigils, each representing a sin-symbolic technique that Felix had painstakingly crafted!

Some had been born out of two symbols merged from the same sin and some even had four symbols merged from four different sins.

Yet, the most unique ones had to be the mixed techniques with void, fire, and other sins!

Those twenty or so techniques became his new most powerful assets in his arsenal and Felix remained dying to test them on anyone worth his time.

Alas...

"This is not enough..." Felix frowned, "I am left with only ten years and I possess yet to arrive up with a decent plan."