Chapter 1673 Embodiment of Laws.

1673 Embodiment of Laws.

"Why the rush?" Candace tilted her head in confusion, "You can skip over the ceremony and wait for another, giving you more time to prepare."

"You don't get it." Felix replied with a serious tone, "Everyone will assume the same since it is the best choice to make. That's exactly why I need to take advantage of this opportunity to get something out of the ceremony."

Felix was certain that even the shrewd Athena would believe that he would stay on the low for the next couple thousand years or even more.

It wasn't even a choice, but a certainty.

That's because Felix's assault was still fresh in their minds and this would make them assume he wouldn't dare make a move in fear of failing.

All of those points made Felix understand that while making a move in the upcoming ceremony was extremely bold and borderline idiotic, it had the highest chance of succeeding since he would most definitely catch at least one unigin unguarded!

Alas, while it sounded good on paper, he failed to come up with a flawless plan that would ensure at least his escape if he failed in his attempt.

"I don't know...I think the unigins will still be wary of you showing up." Candace replied.

"That's only natural." Felix nodded.

He wasn't naive to believe that the unigins would completely remove his existence from their minds, just because there was a 0.00001% of him making a move on them so soon.

"But, they will be more worried about me invading their territories while they are in the ceremony. Even if the three rulers have their territories protected." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, "What I want is to make a move during their battles, taking advantage of the fact they are forced to fight in a separate dimension."

"Crazy...Have you lost your mind?" Candace covered her mouth in shock, "Even if you figured out the perfect strategy, you will still be forced to deal with two unigins at once!"

"She is right, you know?" Thor said with a solemn tone, "I am certain those unigins will be more than happy to take you 2v1...Especially, if you dangled Asna's core before their eyes."

While unigins would be warier to take Felix one-on-one, they weren't scared of him in the slightest.

Even Asna's core being able to devour theirs didn't scare them to the point they would avoid Felix...They were intelligent enough to figure out ways to counter it and the tenants knew this.

"What if you made a move against them, just to realize that their cores were left in their territories?" Fenrir assumed expressionlessly, "If I was in their place, I would take advantage of the three rulers' protection during the event's period and leave my core in my territory. It would be the most protected core in the universe."

This was just one of the many ways to avoid getting devoured.

"I know, I know all of this, why do you think I am struggling to come up with a plan?" Felix sighed as he rubbed his eyelids.

If it was a simple plan of creating a diversion and ambushing them during their battle, he wouldn't be overthinking this.

The cores were his goal and if they were left in their domains, then, he was f*cked...Even with Felix's massive guts, he still wouldn't dare invade their domains under the three rulers' protection.

It was always better to never poke the bear.

"Then? What?" Candace smiled wryly, "I genuinely believe it's best to sit this one out and continue improving your strength." CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"If the ceremony arrived and I still have nothing to work with, then I can only do that." Felix wasn't planning to let his stubbornness be the death of him.

There were times when he should risk it all and times when he should keep his head lowered...Still, he had an entire decade and Felix wasn't planning on giving up that easily.

'Asna, what will you do in my place?' Felix murmured in his mind as he placed a hand on his human heart, where Asna's core resided.

Asna seemed to have responded to him as her core twitched for a millisecond, causing Felix to show a faint saddened smile.

'I miss you...If only you were here with me, everything would be simple again...everything.'

When Felix began thinking of Asna more deeply, he began to realize that his goal had changed down the line from finding a way to establish a connection with Asna to targeting the unigins' cores!

The only time he could reach out to Asna was during the ceremony when the dimensional pocket remained open throughout.

In other words, the seal applied would be deactivated.

'When did I become this greedy to aim for both the cores and Asna?' Felix knitted his eyebrows deeply.

There were always other chances to seek out the unigins cores after the ceremony since the three rulers wouldn't be protecting them anymore.

But for Asna? He had only the ceremony to work with and yet, he was planning to either jeopardize the sole chance cause of his greed.

While he would have spent his time focusing solely on Asna's strategy, he was losing his brain juice over an impossibility due to his greed and he didn't realize it until now.

'Have I been into my desires too much in the past nine decades, they started to affect my judgment? Is that even possible?'

Felix didn't know what came to him as he felt like it wasn't him speaking, but another version with only wanting it all in its mind...It was a weird fleeting dreadful feeling.

"It seems like it starting at last." Lilith chuckled.

"What do you mean?" Felix felt his heart skip a beat, not liking the sound of her statement.

"You will soon come to understand that unigins aren't the controllers of laws, but the embodiment of them." Lilith smiled knowingly and continued sunbathing with a lollipop on her violet lips.

"Aren't controllers of laws, but the embodiment?" Felix murmured with a deep frown, sensing that there was something dangerous hidden in this sentence.

'Do you mean our thoughts and personalities are shaped based on our laws?" Felix reasoned after he connected some of the dots.

He recalled how Nimo's alter ego was based on wrath sin, which defined his personality as being easily irritable and always angry.

Even Lilith's personality appeared to change constantly from seductive, playful, to manipulative merciless monster in the snap of a finger.

"Now thinking about it more deeply, Lord Hades' temperament resembles a strict emotionless corpse." Elder Kraken shared.

"The same is true for Hephaestus...He was ambitious, a massive risk-

taker, ferocious, and always heated, resembling heat-based laws one to one." Thor added.

If only they knew other unigins on a personal level, they would come to understand that Apollo was bipolar, Artemis was a softie akin to a field of flowers, Aeolus was as carefree and unbothered as the wind, Demeter was as stern and tough as the ground, Zeus as dominating and regel as lightning, and the list goes on.

Not a single unigin's temperament was the opposite of his laws and it appeared like they had no control over it, unlike the primogenitors whose personalities were all over the place.

The best example was Lady Phoenix, the laziest being in the universe with the control over fire element.

"Good luck."

Lilith merely said this with a faint chuckle, having no interest in ruining her fun by telling Felix the truth.

"Why am I getting scared..." Candace offered Felix a concerned look, fearing the day his temperament would change to resemble more of Lilith's.

While she was concerned about this, Felix was more anxious about a much more dangerous issue.

"What will happen to me if I ascended seven times and inherited dozens of laws? Will I still be the same me or a complete abnormality?" He muttered as he gazed below at his reflection in the consciousness ocean...