Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1674 Challenging The Three Rulers' Authority.

1674 Challenging The Three Rulers' Authority.

At the moment, Felix's only option was to be mindful of his decisions and thoughts...He was unaware of when the changes would materialize and could only hope for the best.

"Even if it's just Asna, it doesn't mean the mission will be easier." Lady Sphinx returned to the main subject, not wanting Felix to grow paranoid about his developing personality.

"I know, but it will make it somewhat doable." Felix replied calmly as he gazed at the sea of techniques behind him, "I already have the initial plan in mind, plus necessary techniques and void creatures prepared for wishes. I need a great distraction to keep everyone's attention occupied, even the three rulers must fall for it."

"Distraction that works on even the three rulers..." Thor and the rest showed deep wrinkles on their forehead at such a bold aim.

"Is it possible to use a wish?" Candace suggested.

"Hiding from their eyes through wishes is one thing, but to create a distraction aimed at them? Even if I sacrificed all the void creatures and my citizens, I doubt the universe will give me what I want." Felix shook his head.

Felix didn't want to risk more than nine decades of cultivating void creatures for this moment, just to waste it on an uncertain wish.

"I see..." Candace lowered her head and went back to brainstorming with the rest...Alas, even with more than ten brains being involved, no one found anything that could work.

Having the three rulers occupied was simply unfathomable in their minds and no matter what idea came to them, their omnipotence destroyed it in the blink of an eye.

'What do I have that can affect them?' Felix murmured to himself as he dove into his memories. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Since he didn't have much, he was left with only the white and the black celestial flames. He eliminated the white flames since they could also utilize them.

With a smooth flick, a small black flame was ignited on top of his index finger. Felix gazed at the flickering flame with a concentrated look.

'Celestial black flames...What can I do with you to help me achieve my goal?'

As he looked at it, his mind worked a thousand times faster than the tenants...Even Lady Sphinx couldn't match his current analytical powers, making him technically smarter than her.

Suddenly, a ludicrous thought came to him regarding one of the black flames' most potent effects.

'This...This is it...' His pupils widened, reflecting the billions of images being translated into one unified plan.

It was like his plan was missing one final link and he had finally found it!

'But, this sh*t might actually get me killed...' Felix's heart skipped a beat at the horrifying consequences if he ever committed to his plan.

"Did you find something?" Lady Sphinx asked after spotting the changes in his attitude.

"I think so...But, it's too f*cking risky even for me." Felix smiled wryly.

"Even for you?"

The tenants raised their eyebrows in surprise.

What Felix deemed doable, others saw as too risky; if even he had doubts about this one, then one should fear for his life.

"See for yourself."

Felix went on and narrated the entire strategy from A to Z instead of just telling them what he planned on doing to distract the three rulers.

When he was done, only silence prevailed in the consciousness space.

Even Lilith was stunned, having her lollipop frozen out of her mouth and gazing at Felix like she was staring at a suicidal maniac.

"So?" Felix scratched the back of his head with a forced smile, "It's too much, right?"

"Too much? Too much??!!" Candace cried out loud, "My lord! Are you actively trying to get yourself killed?! How can you even consider this plan as viable?!"

"Felix...I am usually on your side whenever you want to carry with such risky moves. But this..." Thor shook his head, "I am sorry, but it's not worth it."

"Hold on a second, Thor." Lord Marduk interjected with a solemn tone, "I agree it's not worth it if the end goal is to establish a connection with Asna, but this plan has genuinely a small chance of actually saving her."

"It's true." Lord Loki agreed, his eyes had a hint of seriousness in them, "If everything went perfect, he might save Asna and we all know that she is the key to the elimination of the three rulers."

"That's too much of a stretch." Lord Shiva closed his book and joined the conversation. "The three rulers aren't some wax figures...Their omnipotence is in a different league and no matter how hard we try, we won't be able to comprehend it fully."

Most of the tenants nodded in agreement.

"I think we need another opinion," Felix said after seeing that the majority were opposing the plan.

"We need you to drop it." Thor sighed, "Felix, you are rushing too much. There will be many more ceremonies in the future and you can make your move during them with a much better preparation."

"Preparation?" Elder Kraken responded with a forced smile, "As much as I agree that the plan shouldn't be taken into consideration, I also know that even if Felix had millions of years to prepare, the risk involved won't change just because he managed to create some new techniques. In fact, he might never obtain a better chance, or worse, the rulers will turn impatient and make a move personally."

To put it differently, Felix had to choose between waiting until he was ready for the future or utilizing the opportunity of catching his opponents off guard and attacking them during the ceremony, which no one would anticipate him doing.

"I don't think I will be better prepared...I have already created all the required techniques to pull it off and had a dozen more for assistance. Adding more won't give me many viable options. As for the wishes? I already have enough void creatures for them and adding more won't help me with bigger wishes...Those are considered as abusing my powers and will force me to sleep no matter what I sacrificed." Felix remarked with a stern tone, "On the other hand, I am afraid I will lose my momentum and confidence the more I wait."

The fact that Felix wasn't being pressured to make a move by the three rulers might be seen as a positive, but at the same time, it was a deadly gift.

After all, the ball was in Felix's court and the more he questioned himself, the worse it would get down the path since he would keep postponing making his move.

"He is right." Lilith winked at Felix in support, "When it came to dealing with the three rulers, actions always beat perfection. No matter what you do or think, they will always have the upper hand on you."

"Aren't you then sending him to his damnation," Thor stated coldly.

"Let me finish..." Lilith continued, "But, I really think you might have a 1% chance of succeeding this time...With all of your plan's faults and risks, I genuinely think it has a decent shot of working if you execute it right."

"..."

"..."

"..."

The tenants considered her opinion of great importance since they understood that her fate was linked with Felix's.

If he died or got captured, it was game over for her too...If she wanted her freedom, then Felix had to reach the other side first. Thus, she could not be saying that to bait Felix into suicide.

"I ponder we have said enough, Felix. The ultimate word is up to you."

Thor and the rest didn't try to talk Felix out of it anymore.

"1% chance...That's lower than I anticipated." Felix murmured, knowing that if he failed, there would be no second chances...It would be game over once and for all.

Still...He sensed like his heart was calling for him to commit to it like it was his destiny to take part in it.

In the end, Felix closed his eyes and when he opened them again, there was no more hesitation in them.

"Give me all the information about the three rulers that I can take advantage of or at least be wary of." Felix requested with a cold tone as he eyed Lilith.

"So demanding...I love it." Lilith licked her lips in enjoyment as she replied, "You have it."

Felix wasn't stunned by this as he comprehended that Lilith could never let him deal with the three rulers unprepared, especially when her freedom depended on him.

His next piece of action was no longer targeting cores or talking with Asna, but her freedom!

In other words, he was going to challenge the three rulers' authority directly and this was something not many beings managed to live past it to tell the tale...