Chapter 1677 Zeus Vs Poseidon! I

1677 Zeus Vs Poseidon! I

While celestial white flames were extremely powerful than divinities, they also consumed an ungodly amount of celestial energy to fuel them.

Felix would rather have the choice to pick what kind of effect he wanted in his battle instead of having them all three at the same time...It would save him so much more energy.

"As I have already told you, the three rulers' divinities can't be replicated since they embedded the essence of the three celestial languages." Lilith remarked lazily, "If you want to create the same divinities or some new ones, you have to find your path to them."

"I see..." Felix wasn't too disappointed as he had already expected as much.

After the transformation was complete, the three rulers, with solemn grace, directed the divinities towards the unigins.

Like streams of starlight, the divinities flowed to their intended recipients.

The unigins, in turn, accepted this celestial boon with bowed heads and outstretched hands, the essence of the divinities merging with their being...They could then bestow it upon their citizens or keep them to themselves.

To keep the morale and festivities high, most of the unigins decided to call upon the selected fortunate subordinates to receive a taste of the divinities.

Under the cheers and envious exclamations of the crowd, Admiral Nereus and other subordinates had their heads lowered as their bodies got bathed in divine light.

It might not be even 1% of what the unigins received, but none of them showed an ounce of complaint or disrespect.

"The main event is about to start." Felix commentated after the bestowal ended.

The air buzzed with anticipation and a touch of rivalry, as the unigins prepared to draw lots, a method as ancient as the cosmos itself, to determine the order in which they would issue their challenges during the celestial ceremony.

A golden urn, shimmering with ethereal light and engraved with the symbols of all unigins, floated in front of their thrones.

One by one, they drew the lots without moving a finger.

As the lots were drawn and the order revealed, a ripple of laughter and jeers echoed...Zeus turned to Poseidon, whose lot had placed him near the end of the challenging order.

"Seems the oceans are not in your favor today. Perhaps a storm is brewing over your luck," He teased, the amusement clear in his deep, resonant voice.

Poseidon, unphased and with a spark in his eyes, retorted, "Let's see if the tides turn when it comes to actual prowess."

Athena, whose lot had placed her in a favorable position, couldn't help but join in, her wisdom-laden voice tinged with mirth.

"Gentlemen, let's not forget that strategy often outweighs brute strength. May the best unigin win, by wit or might."

Apollo, leaning against a pillar with the relaxed demeanor of one accustomed to being a mere spectator, chuckled, "It's been forever since Posiedon has fought anyone besides Hephaestus...This will be an entertaining watch."

"You think I don't have it in me to defeat him?" Posiedon sneered, "I am willing to bet an extra one million square kilometers of my territory for one cycle."

"Make it two for two cycles." Zeus pressed.

"You have it." Poseidon agreed instantly.

Whether he won or lost, he already had double Zeus' territory, which meant his loss wouldn't affect him that much.

Since both territories were way too far from each other, it wouldn't be fair for a unigin to win a piece, just to have it invaded by another unigin without having the ability to defend it.

Thus, the unigins were required to defend the territory for a cycle or more depending on the conditions of the bet.

The unigins were forced to do this since it was still considered their territory and if they didn't defend it, they couldn't recoup it later on after the duration ended.

"Let's go."

With the terms set, Zeus and Poseidon turned their gaze towards a new dimension...Its gateway was opened by the three rulers after the challenge was decided.

Besides the three rulers and the two challengers, no one could enter the dimensional pocket.

Stepping into the void, they left behind the vivid reality of the celestial capital, entering a domain of profound silence and darkness.

This new dimension, devoid of form and substance, offered the perfect canvas for their powers to manifest without restraint.

Apollo took over the hosting job as usual and presented the rules of the battle to everyone involved.

"As per the rules, divinities are banned and each unigin has a limited period of five minutes to land as many direct hits as possible to score points."

Those rules were a must to avoid having the unigins waste their entire divinities over a battle meant for entertainment first.

Unfortunately for the citizens, the battles were broadcast only to the unigins, the three rulers, and the main chosen subordinates.

No one bothered to involve the rest since they wouldn't be able to see a single thing no matter how hard they tried.

"The unigin with the most points will be considered as the winner." Apollo looked right and left and then shouted, "Fight!"

The instant the battle commenced, Zeus, his form crackling with the promise of storms, raised his arm, calling forth the force of lighting, turning the entire environment around him into a thunderstorm.

Meanwhile, Poseidon spanned his trident once and the behemoth strength of the ocean was summoned, putting him in his favorable environment.

The gathered unigins watched with bated breath as Zeus prepared to make the first move in this divine duel of titans!

With a motion that seemed to tear the very fabric of the void, Zeus summoned his divine weapon, a lightning-shaped spear crackling with the raw essence of tempests!

The air around it hummed with power, the spear itself glowing with an intensity that mirrored the might of its master.

"POSEIDON!"

With a thunderous roar that resounded across the dimensionless expanse, Zeus hurled the weapon towards Poseidon at the speed of light, a brilliant golden streak cutting through the nothingness towards its target!!

Poseidon stood unfazed as the divine lightning bore down upon him.

In an instant, he summoned a series of towering walls made of the darkest ice, a manifestation of the abyssal cold that lay at the ocean's heart!

The walls rose in succession, each designed to absorb and dissipate the weapon's ferocious energy. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

BOOOOM!! BOOOOM!! BOOOM!!...

As the golden lightning collided with the ice, a cacophony of shattering and hissing filled the air, the force of the impact causing the walls to crack and explode into a shower of icy shards!

Yet, the divine weapon's momentum was undiminished, cutting through every barrier with relentless force until it finally reached Poseidon.

In a display of supreme confidence and control, Poseidon simply extended his trident and with a deft flick, smacked the golden lightning away.

The weapon veered off course, its trajectory altered, as it fizzled out into the void, its energy spent.

Standing amidst the remnants of the shattered ice, Poseidon fixed Zeus with a cold gaze.

With a voice that carried the chill of the deepest waters, he mocked, "Is that all you have? God of Thunder?"

"We are just getting started," Zeus uttered indifferently as he cracked his neck.