Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1680 What Have You Done...

1680 What Have You Done...

Suddenly, The unigins felt an unsettling shift in the air as the concealing barrier around Felix's clones in their territories had expired.

Instinctively, their divine senses stretched out, a protective reflex honed over eons, only to be met with a sight that sent a collective shiver down their spines.

"You can't be for real..." Aeolus stuttered.

"No...no, he won't go that far..." Demeter murmured with a horrified look.

Even Uranus and Eris had a change of expression at the sight of Felix's clones standing in the hearts of the unigins' most cherished domains, each with a massive black fireball levitating ominously above their heads!

"He wouldn't dare..."

Before the unigins could even voice their denial, their protests dying in their throats, the clones acted.

With a motion that seemed deliberate and disdainful, they hurled the fireballs toward the main cities, the very nuclei of their territories.

The fireballs descended with a terrifying certainty, crashing into the cities and igniting upon impact!

Whoosh!!

The black flames, as if sentient, immediately began to feast upon the celestial energy saturating the territories.

Each spark that caught, each flame that spread, was fueled by the divine essence that had nurtured these realms for ages!

The unigins watched, horror-struck, as their cities, their domains, became the kindling for an inferno that sought to consume everything!

As the realization of the catastrophe unfolding in their realms settled in, a deep, collective dread took root.

With a single glance traded among each other, Athena, Demeter, Aeolus, and Artemis swiftly took off, rushing towards their territories, wanting to save them from the black inferno.

The only ones left behind were Apollo, Eris, and Uranus.

When Apollo should have felt relieved that his territory wasn't targeted by Felix, he seemed like he couldn't care less.

His usual lively eyes were frozen on the black flames consuming the capital city from its roots.

He gazed at the pitch-black flames with a darkening intensity, as if they were the most precious treasure he had ever seen...

'Dark celestial flames capable of consuming reality...This is it...This is the key to my goal!' A dreadful horrid voice resounded in his mind, seemingly more excited than a nine-year-old receiving a bike for Christmas.

'Shut the f*ck up! You be the end of us!' Apollo remarked with a tingle of fear after picking up on rising divine energy from high above.

When he left his head, he saw the third ruler move from his place, stepping a mere meter in front of his peers.

"Halt."

Then, with a single authoritative word, the intense inferno seemed to have stopped, like the third ruler's command was above all, even Felix's control!

"Useless attempt," Uranus sneered with a nonchalant tone, "The three rulers' words are the most authoritative commands at anything created out of celestial energy, regardless of the owner."

In other words, if the unigins ever decided to use the divinities against the three rulers, it would be the same as shooting themselves in the foot with their own gun!

"The three rulers' authority is absol..."

"Never cease your progress unless by my word."

Before Uranus could finish licking their shoes, Felix, with a steely gaze fixed upon the spreading inferno, issued a new decree.

The black flames, which had momentarily hesitated under the influence of the third ruler's attempts to quell them, reignited with a vengeance upon hearing Felix's command!

They surged forward, more ferocious and unyielding than before, a relentless tide of destruction that defied the divine!

"I said, halt!" The third ruler stressed with a voice imbued with the weight of celestial authority.

Alas, the flames paid no heed to his decree. Instead, they grew in intensity and purpose, a living defiance of the ruler's will!

As the realization dawned that their utterances fell on deaf ears, a chilling silence settled among the watchers.

The sight of the black flames, now turning towards them and aiming for the universe's heart, signaled a threat of unprecedented scale.

'His dominance can override us?' The first ruler narrowed his blinding eyes, 'Is he really...'

'The flames are heading towards the universe's heart.' The second ruler interrupted with a cold tone, 'Leave this to me, handle the flames in the unigins' territories. We can't be losing such a massive amount of celestial energy.'

The second ruler extended her hands, palms facing the oncoming inferno. Then, streams of radiant, resplendent, runic, and incandescent divinities intertwined, creating a golden-colored flame that shimmered with the essence of creation itself!

Without an ounce of hesitation, she sent the golden flames to face the black flames, creating a spectacular scene of two overbearing godlike flames desiring to devour each other!

'Even in this situation, they are being extremely stingy in their utilization of celestial energy.' Eris shook her head in disapproval as she watched the three rulers utilize the most standardized and weakest version of their powers to stop the flames, to save up on celestial energy.

While she could see that their golden flames were dominating Felix's black flames, it would still take some while and the citizens below would be dead by then.

Thus, in an act of mercy, she flipped a book off her page, and all the citizens and creatures in the capital city were pulled into a safer existence from millions of small portals.

This turned the capital city into a ghost town.

When she tried to remove the black flames from them in her reality, she couldn't help but raise an eyebrow in surprise at her failure!

Yes, she failed to destroy the black flames even in her reality, where she controlled the order and disorder of the universe!

'Interesting...This isn't like any other celestial flame.' Eris murmured as she noted down in her book, 'While its origin is celestial flames, its dominance seems to overrule everything in the universe, capable of eating all matter.' 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

'No wonder they haven't invested much celestial energy. They must believe that anything else will be consumed and the only way to stop those flames is to cut off their source of fuel like they were dealing with wildfire.'

Her analysis was in place as the second ruler controlled the golden flames to surrounder the black flames from all directions, creating a circular wall around them.

The golden wall contained them and made it impossible to seek out more celestial energy.

While this was a much slower and deliberate process, it was the smartest decision to make and the cheapest one to handle this situation.

Arghghhh!!! HELP MEE!! IT BURRNSSSS!!!

When Eris heard the constant screams of the citizens in her reality, Eris swiftly snapped her finger and removed the concept of pain from her reality.

"Huh...It doesn't hurt anymore..."

"I...I am still burning...How?"

"Sob...Sob...I am scared."

Each citizen had a different reaction at the sight of their bodies being still engulfed in black flames, but the agonizing pain was no longer there.

Eris didn't bother to explain the situation to them and switched her focus to the capital city again, just to find out that black flames were starting to weaken bit by bit.

"I guess the only way to stop them completely is through getting rid of the little paragon."

When Eris concentrated on the dimensional pocket, where Zeus and Poseidon were fighting, she was startled to see that no one was there.

All three were gone when her focus was placed on her reality!

"Did you see what happened?" Eris asked Apollo but realized that he was on another bipolar episode, seemingly talking to himself like a madman in the corner.

"He has forcefully teleported them somewhere through his greed laws before I can make my move. I can't feel their presence anywhere in the kingdom." Uranus said with a solemn tone as he gazed at the empty dimension.

He wasn't joking when he said he was about to make his move. He had already summoned his Divine Bronze Scythe, with its celestial bronze blade shining with cosmic power, ready to enforce the will of the cosmos.

When Eris released her senses to cover the entire kingdom, she also found out that none of them were there.

If it was just Felix's presence, she could understand it, but the other two also? That was different since they would not be stupid to hide their presence after being kidnapped.

This made her reach only one conclusion.

"He must have taken them to that place," Eris remarked.

"A century has gone by, he must have learned it." Uranus nodded with a tint of fury buried in his eyes, seemingly unpleased by the whole mess.

"What will you be doing?" Eris asked.

Uranus turned his gaze towards the three rulers and said coldly, "I am going to find him and present his head and that b*tch's core to the rulers. I had enough of this farce."

Before Eris could say anything, Uranus swung his Divine Bronze Scythe once in front of him and the space was sliced open like a piece of paper. Then, he walked inside with a bone-chilling gaze.

"Ahhh, little one, what have you done." Eris smiled bitterly after a deep sigh, knowing that Felix was never going to walk out of the kingdom in one piece.

She knew that while the three rulers' reactions seemed quite tame, it was only because they wanted to get rid of the black flames quickly and save their celestial energy.

When they finished with this, then, they would turn their gazes at him and at that time, she knew that his life would be over, for he had touched their most sacred treasure...Celestial Energy!