Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1683 Zeus/Poseidon vs The Paragon! II

1683 Zeus/Poseidon vs The Paragon! II

Felix, caught in the invisible grip of Poseidon's will, felt a disturbing shift within him.

It was as if the very essence of his being, the countless cells that composed his form, trembled on the brink of annihilation!

For a moment, the boundary between life and unmaking blurred, as the water molecules in his body received the catastrophic order to collapse into themselves!

As the water unigin, he was the only one capable of doing this...He could even control the blood of his targets through the water content within it; in a sense, he could be said to control blood laws too!

Unfortunately for him, Felix had known about all of his strengths and weaknesses and came prepared against such attacks.

"Interesting attempt, but still, a foolish one," Felix said with a stone face as turned his body into a manifestation of fire itself!

Poseidon's infinite reflections watched with distressed looks as Felix's humanoid fire form suddenly started turning hotter and brighter until the flames were no longer seen.

"You want me to self-implode, you got it." Felix gave Poseidon's reflections one last look before mouthing out, "Boom."

The instant the word registered in Poseidon's mind, Felix's body could no longer be seen and was replaced with an expanding sphere of blinding light.

Poseidon, witnessing the gathering storm of energy with a mixture of anger and dread, reacted with the only countermeasure he deemed could quench such a conflagration!

With a sweeping gesture, he summoned the coldest force, the chill of absolute zero!

The chill surged forth, a wave of freezing death meant to encase the nascent supernova in a tomb of ice, to stop the explosion before it could begin!

The very fabric of the realm trembled as these opposing forces met, the explosive heat of a dying star wrestling with the unfathomable cold that could freeze time itself!

The air between the two forces shimmered with the tension of their confrontation, mist, and steam rising wherever they collided.

It was as if the very principles of creation and destruction were at odds, battling for supremacy in a dance as old as the cosmos itself!

'Good, good, keep holding him down...' Zeus murmured as he watched the confrontation with his outstretched senses while being on the move.

He didn't know how big the Dreamrealm was and understood that leaving it without divinities involved would be near impossible unless Felix was foolish enough to leave them an opening.

While Felix didn't waste too many of the stored dreams on wishes, he made sure to seal the Dreamrealm like the Spirit realm.

'I have to be careful at all times.' Zeus narrowed his eyes in focus, 'He is attempting to devour our cores simultaneously. Otherwise, he would have...'

Before he could his sentence, Felix transcended the space between them, appearing beside Zeus in the blink of an eye!

The suddenness of his appearance caught Zeus off guard, a rare lapse for the god of thunder!

Before Zeus could muster his divine might or comprehend the full extent of the threat, Felix exerted his territorial pressure. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"You..."

With Zeus immobilized, Felix issued a silent command to Asna's core, a directive that was both a demand and an inevitability.

The core began devouring Zeus's essence at his command, while the god looked on in terror!

The cores intertwined, initiating a transfer of power that was both visible and intangible, a spectacle of light and energy that heralded a significant shift in the cosmic balance.

Felix did not linger for even a nanosecond...Instead, he blinked back to his original position with Zeus linked with him forcefully!

"Argghhhh!!!"

Zeus growled in agony after emerging in the heart of an active supernova without the ability to escape, now that the cores were merging!

"Huh..."

Hearing Zeus' pained screams coming from the supernova left Poseidon with a stunned expression, having no idea what had just happened.

Suddenly, he felt his danger senses tingling like there was no tomorrow, leaving him agitated and antsy as to what was about to come.

Just as he was about to ditch his lake and change locations, taking advantage of the absolute zero chill around him, the supernova died out, returning to a tiny point and allowing the chill to expand furiously.

Alas, this expansion was short-lived as the instant the supernova disappeared, a dark point appeared in its place.

"Let there be nothingness..."

With a faint murmur from Felix, the tiny dark point expanded to a couple of million kilometers in the blink of an eye and turned the entire zone into nothingness...

The absolute zero chill was devoured, the lake disappeared, the heavens darkened, the ground shattered, and the reflections were eradicated one by one until a single Poseidon was left floating by in nothingness...

"ICE OF IMMORTALI..."

"You can relax now."

Before Poseidon could even utilize another ability to protect himself, Felix appeared behind him and patted him on the shoulder.

As Poseidon turned his head slowly with dread etched on his eyes and heart beating akin to a horse galloping on a field, Felix ordered coldly near his ears, "Devour him."

...

A few moments ago after striking Poseidon with his divine hammer.

'I have to devour their cores simultaneously and for that, I need to pull back a bit on my attacks and plan a way.' Felix remarked as he gazed at his divine hammer.

He was accustomed to battling unigins, causing him to attack immediately with full force.

'I can't believe our boy reached a level where he needs to pull out his punches against unigins.' Thor didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this development.

'Strength is king.' Lord Shiva stated indifferently, 'Unigins, gods, or whatnot, all can be put down if single has an overwhelming level of strength.'

'This is exactly what Felix has now.' Elder Kraken added, 'He is at the peak of a unigins' strength limit and the only ones capable of stopping him are the upper celestials.'

Unlike the three rulers who could grow infinitely depending on the celestial energy in their possession, the unigins could not surpass single hundred million BF no matter what they did.

It was a limitation imposed on them by the universe and whether it was an upper or lesser unigin, the limitation was applied.

It was like a mortal endeavor to break past the single million mark and become a deity. It was doable but near impossible.

Zeus and the rest of the lesser unigins' main goal were to reach this limitation and surpass it. Unfortunately, with the petty amount of celestial energy their territories could gather and taxes imposed on them, even after billions of years, none of them had managed to reach seventy million BF naturally.

Natural in the sense, that the increase was permanent instead of using temporal ways like what Felix was currently doing with sigils.

It was not easy in the slightest to hit single hundred million BF and at the moment only the current active upper celestial unigins reached it.

While Felix didn't seem affected negatively by reaching the unigins' peak and could no longer surpass it since both Zeus and Poseidon were far from it, the same couldn't be stated about his clones.

'Those monsters...Even with the time difference between realms, it's best to finish this quickly to carry on with the main plan.' Felix commented with a hint of dread after witnessing what was happening to single of his clones in the unigins' territories.

While he was fighting those two, his clones were dealing with none other than the three rulers themselves to protect the eternal black flames!

Thus, he swiftly returned to his problem at hand.

"I have to use either a distraction or bait to bring those two together again." As Felix's mind was brewing a plan, he swiftly teleported next to Poseidon and began raining on him with a barrage of flaming fists.