Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1685 The First Ruler's Might. II

1685 The First Ruler's Might. II

Alas, before Felix, Asna, and the rest could feel a tint of happiness at his victory, a deep sigh came from high above.

"So be it."

The instant this sentence registered in everyone's minds, the feeling of happiness died out instantly and their hearts turned cold all of a sudden.

Their reaction was an understatement as their widened pupils reflected a scene that was enough to stop commoners' hearts at first glance.

From the same heavens, descended another palm that was a hundred times the size of the initial golden palm, dwarfing it and everything else in its vicinity!!!

It was so massive that the clouds were forced to part ways and the wind seemed like it was trying to hold the hand of a god, but to no avail.

Its descent was slow yet inexorable, a golden avalanche in the void of space, casting a shadow that spoke of finality and judgment.

Felix, Athena, Asna, and everyone else watched in a mix of awe and despair as this divine edict made its way toward the small flaming black palm.

The disparity in size and power was not just visible; it was palpable, a clear message from the cosmos itself about the hierarchy that governed existence!

As the two palms neared contact, there was a palpable tension, a silent hope against hope that perhaps, just perhaps, the black flame palm could withstand the golden decree.

Yet, as they touched, that hope was extinguished as swiftly and mercilessly as a candle in a storm...

The black flame, for all its ferocity and defiance, was snuffed out, leaving no trace behind, as if it had never been.

The massive golden palm, unimpeded, continued on its path toward Felix's clone. At that moment, time seemed to slow, a quiet before the inevitable end.

"As expected..."

The clone, faced with the immensity of the power bearing down upon him, closed his eyes in resignation, accepting his fate with a somber dignity.

At the moment, he had no fantasies of defeating the three rulers. He knew their strength far surpassed his own.

Thus, he extended both hands outwards with great difficulty and took the impact face-on, knowing that he could neither teleport away nor resist.

The divine palm was like a massive canceler to anything related to laws and elements since it was created out of the four divinities...Even when Felix was engulfed in his black flames, he could not avoid the canceling effect unless the abilities were already created.

Thus, even when the clone had nearly one hundred million BF, the supermassive golden palm completely buried him out of existence, pushing him into the depths of the ocean...

Instead of the golden palm disappearing, it broke into a wave of golden celestial flames and got carried on with the rising tsunamis until they met with the eternal black flames in their path.

Just like what the second ruler did in the capital, the golden flames spread out around the eternal black flames until a gigantic circular was created and contained the wildfire within.

This time, there was no one to guide the black flames and they could only die out slowly and surely under the eyes of the watchers.

As for Felix's clone? He was nowhere to be seen...

"He sure pushed their nerves to use this amount of celestial energy for a mere clone."

Athena commentated, not knowing if she should feel relieved at her territory being saved or bothered by the notion that the only one daring to rise against the three rulers was dogged.

In the end, all she could do was sigh deeply and spread her senses to other territories to see what was going on.

"As expected, he was smart enough to pull away the rest of the clones after seeing what happened," Athena remarked after noticing that Felix's clones had ditched their territories, teleporting somewhere unknown before the rulers could put their hands on them.

Meanwhile, Apollo, Eris, and the rest of the unigins also thought the same, leaving them each with their own reaction.

'Phew, that will make it easier to deal with the black flames.' Artemis sighed in relief, having no interest in battling Felix in the slightest.

Unfortunately for her, she had lost the coin toss as Felix had some difficulty deciding whether to target her territory or Apollo's.

After all, he had only six clones and there were seven unigin's domains remaining.

The reason he found it difficult to choose between them was because Artemis was one of the few unigins who rejected the decision to seal Asna while Apollo didn't assault Felix twice during both of his battles against Hephaestus.

If Apollo wasn't fickle and He believed he could turn on him instantly, he would have chosen him without bothering with such thing as a coin toss.

Speaking about the devil, he could be seen sitting in the identical corner from before with his nails in his mouth, biting them with a frantic and distressed look.

'The three rulers have used one clone as an example, so the others can run away and help them avoid wasting too much of their celestial energy on them.' Apollo's alter ego remarked with a shadowy fading tone like his voice had no stable frequency.

'Brother, for the love of god, leave me be! I am missing on creating the best masterpieces known to the kingdom!' Apollo begged with a tint of vexation and helplessness, 'Just this once! I can't miss such a performance!'

Apollo watched the entire confrontation between the first ruler and Felix's clone...It pained him to a godly level to miss on producing a score for it.

Alas, at the moment, his control over his body wasn't completely in his hands. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

'Shut up, I have been letting you screw around forever and it's time to return to our rightful purpose.' His alter ego remarked coldly, 'The new paragon is the key to fulfilling that dream and I need you to bring him down to me in one piece.'

'Bring him to you?! Are you nuts?' Apollo chided, 'Doing that is the identical as going against the three rulers and betraying the kingdom as a whole! We will be cast away forever!'

'Do I look like I care?' Apollo's alter ego ordered with a rigid voice, 'Bring me to me or I will handle it. You know full well what will happen if I took the lead.'

Apollo felt chills course down his spine, understanding that if his darkness alter ego were to ever regain control, chaos would arise in the kingdom...

'Ahhhh!! You stupid prick! My life was going too smoothly and you just have to keep ruining it.' Apollo cried out loud in his mind in frustration, but he received no response.

The darkness in his right eye retreated and this made him understand that his alter ego was done talking and it was time for action.

Either he handled this mission on his terms or he would take the lead...Apollo had no plans to let the letter occur.

'Sh*t, how am I supposed to bring him there when the three rulers and Uranus are on his ass? I don't even know where his main consciousness is.'

Apollo criticized as he gazed at the sky, knowing that He must have created his Dreamrealm at the furthest distance possible from the kingdom.