Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1688 Twenty Millions Years Ago. III

1688 Twenty Millions Years Ago. III

"That's enough." The third ruler pulled Asna away from the universe's heart, interrupting the absorption process.

Asna didn't seem to care that much about this and simply requested with a puppy look. "Can I go out now?"

"You may leave."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Asna bolted out of the place like it was a detention center, just to swiftly return and give Eris another hug and mock Uranus on the way out.

"What a brat." Uranus cursed under his breath, "How is she the key to our freedom? She is just an irritating brat who keeps stealing tons of celestial energy every time she touches the heart."

In the past decade, the three rulers had figured out that Asna was capable of manipulating all the elements and laws without exception, which left everyone astounded and shocked.

Her existence made them understand that Asna's position should be higher than the three rulers in the eyes of the universe.

This notion was enough to create ripples across the kingdom and hail Asna as the epitome of celestial creation, to the point of bestowing upon her the ultimate title, The Origin of Laws!

The fact that she was believed as the key to everyone's freedom made the unigins treat her with extra care regardless of her being a child.

Alas, year after year, the three rulers requested Asna to attempt and gain access to the universe's heart with many different methods, but to no avail.

They even tried forceful methods, but nothing resulted from it.

"Have some faith." The first ruler said calmly, "The prophecy hasn't given us any new instructions...We either must be doing something wrong or the right time hasn't come yet."

"It's no longer about faith anymore and you know it." Uranus remarked with a solemn tone, "The fact that she can still absorb celestial energy with such a crazed appetite means that she still has an awakening phase. I don't need to spell out to you how bad that would be for us."

"..."

"..."

"..."

The assembly hall went silent.

The three rulers knew more than anyone else that awakening phases consumed at least ten times the amount of the birth phase.

The fact that Asna's birth almost dried their well and paralyzed their ecosystem made them understand that her awakening would absolutely destroy the eternal kingdom and what it stand for.

"So, what's going on in your minds." Eris inquired.

She understood that there would come a point where they would be forced to keep Asna away from the universe's heart, the dimensional pocket, the eternal kingdom, and then even the universe!

The older unigins grew, the more their bodies would be inclined to absorb nearby compatible energies to ensure their awakening.

In the case of Apollo, Zeus, and the rest, they would be absorbing elemental energies related to their laws or even neutral energy and transforming it into their compatible energies.

As for the three rulers? They couldn't awaken even if they wanted.

Yet, Asna was the most special case of them.

They had attempted to help her awaken by using elemental energies, believing that since she was compatible with all elements and laws, it would be much easier for her to awaken. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Unfortunately, she ended up rejecting all kinds of energies and accepted only celestial energy when it came to feeding her awakening phase.

This was one of the main reasons she was allowed entry to the dimensional pocket only once a year during her attempt to unlock it.

Otherwise, she would keep sucking the heart dry automatically and no one could do anything about it, not even her.

"Isn't clear yet?" Uranus anwsered for the three rulers with a cold sneer, "If the brat won't make herself useful, we will be forced to seal her away and cast her as far as possible from the core. Otherwise, if she awakened..."

Uranus didn't need to continue his sentence as everyone here recognized the hidden danger of Asna's existence.

The fact that her social status was on the same level as the three rulers before her awakening made them understand that the instant she awakened, she would be considered one rank higher than them.

In other words, the control of the entire universe would be under her hands as not even the three rulers would match up to her.

"It's too soon to make such decisions." The second uttered, "All we can do is keep trying until she reaches adolescence...If nothing changes by then we can try a different approach."

Unigins' adolescence was after one millennial or two at most.

When a unigin entered adolescence, they experienced a significant increase in absorption speed and reach of elemental energy, facilitating their awakening.

It was like the universe was giving the unigins some time to discover themselves before chaining them for good after their awakening, and forcing them to respect their duties.

"You mentioned sealing her away." Eris asked with a puzzled tone, "How exactly are you going to achieve this?"

"Hmmm...What do you mean?" Uranus frowned, "Are you implying she won't be receptive to our usual seals?"

"She is right..." The first ruler shared, "Our unigin based seals target their laws specifically. In Asnaleigha's case, she has control over all laws, elements, and celestial energy. It's nearly impossible to create a seal capable of keeping her from absorbing all of those energies at the same time."

"This..."

Uranus was left stunned. The three rulers had never used the term "impossible" before.

"What, what does this mean then?" Uranus asked with a slightly heated look, "We are going to place our lives and freedom in the hands of that brat? What if she awakened and still can't reach the other side? What if she awakened and decided to turn on us? What if she awakened and turned out to be the f*cking consciousness of the universe? Doesn't that mean we will become slaves for real?! I refuse to accept this! You hear me! I refuse it!"

As his voice kept turning louder and louder, Reality seemed to vibrate with his sound waves like it was on the verge of shattering!

"Settle down, you are losing your grip again."

Eris calmed down the surrounding space with a flip of her pagebook, causing his voice to lose its effect on the surrounding reality.

"My apologies, you know how I get when anything touches my sense of freedom." Uranus took control of his emotions swiftly.

"I understand your agitation, but as I have said, it's too soon to make a decision or worry about such matters." The first ruler uttered with a low voice as he gazed at the tablet, "The prophecy won't forsake us after we have reached this stage."

Even when he uttered this, the first ruler seemed to be losing a bit of his conviction in the prophecy.

His reaction was understandable as the prophecy tablet had no further instructions after awakening Asna.

The only thing written was the steps before and the picture on the topmost part, showing a gap leading to nothingness.

If all the predictions and instructions were written to reach that final result, it would possess been a hundred times easier for them.

Alas, all they could was accept it and work with what they had as there was no other path left.

"If only I had your optimism." Uranus muttered in irritation as he walked away, "For all we know, this prophecy might be sent by the universe to recover its consciousness and all we are doing is helping it achieve it while accelerating our damnation."

No one said anything as this assumption was resting rent-free in their minds ever since they discovered out about Asna being considered The Origin of Laws.

'Why do I possess an incline this will end badly?' Eris smiled wryly as she watched Asna reuniting with Apollo to continue their foolish shenanigans.

As the one who named her, she truly didn't desire something bad to happen to her. Alas, she knew as the goddess of order and disorder, nought was really in anyone's hands...