Chapter 1691 The Imprisonment Grounds. I

﻿1691 The Imprisonment Grounds. I

"Ahh, we have gone and done it now...Don't involve me in this ever again."

Artemis rubbed her eyelids as she walked away with a somewhat pale face like she had lost millions of years from her longevity.

Even Apollo was seen sipping alcohol with a hint of depression in his eyes while lying on top of his fluffy cushion, deep in his thoughts.

It seemed like Lilith's information wasn't perfect about what had gone through in the meeting...After all, she was still banished during this period.

She believed that Apollo hadn't bothered to show up and defend Asna. While in reality, he had given it his best, but alas, he could not go against everyone...

"What now?" Zeus asked calmly after Artemis left.

"She will be exiled from the kingdom and imprisoned in the sealing grounds next to Kronos." The first ruler said, "Besides this, we will keep our hands off completely no matter what happens."

"This involves you too." The third said with a hint of warning in his voice.

"Why send her there? Isn't it better to keep her around?" Aeolus raised an eyebrow, "Isn't the sealing hall capable of locking away her absorption powers?"

"That's what the prophecy instructed us and all we could do is oblige." The first ruler replied, "The truth will come out when the time comes as always."

"So, that's it?" Poseidon raised an eyebrow, "We just continue living our lives as normal?"

"Yes."

"Sounds good to me."

Hephaestus didn't bother them with too many questions and took off immediately, returning to his domain.

With Asna gone and the atmosphere becoming somewhat tense again after this situation, he understood that it wouldn't be long before the conflict started arising between them.

Poseidon had the same thought process as his rival and swiftly chased after him, not trusting him in the slightest to keep his hands to himself.

"I hope we made the right decision." Athena said with narrowed eyes, "Otherwise, we will pay a grave price in the future."

The rest of the unigin left the place with this final ominous statement rooted deeply in the back of their minds, as they knew that messing with the universe's plan and balance seldom worked out in anyone's favor...

With lesser celestial unigins gone, the first ruler brought out a golden sun disk earring from nowhere and handed it to Uranus.

"You know what to do."

"Leave it to me."

Uranus caught the earrings and sliced a pitch-black portal with his Divine Bronze Scythe...Then, he vanished through it.

When he reappeared again, he was in front of the golden kingdom's gate.

With a deliberate gesture, he summoned two massive arms, forged from colorful radiation energy and imbued with the raw force of gravitational power!

These arms, a manifestation of his dominion over the cosmos, crackled with a potent aura, each movement rippling through space itself.

As Uranus channeled the resplendent divinity, the arms glowed with an intensity that lit up the surrounding wasteland.

Enhanced a hundredfold by the divinity, the arms reached out, their massive hands grasping the ancient gates that had remained unyielded for eons!

"Break Open!"

With a force that echoed across the universe, Uranus pushed with everything in his powers.

The gates began to creak and groan under the unprecedented power...The gravitational forces and the empowered radiation energy arms worked in unison, slowly prying open the gates that functioned as the boundary to the Eternal Kingdom!

The sight was awe-inspiring, a testament to Uranus's unparalleled strength...If it was any other unigin, they would have wasted all of their stored resplendent energy and still inquired for more!

As the gates swung open, revealing the boundless realms that lay beyond, Uranus was no longer to be seen.

Ka-thumb!!

The golden gate swiftly closed shut and the colorful arms faded away, returning the wasteland to its peaceful state.

***

Amidst the silence of a desolate galaxy, on a planet devoid of life, stood the imprisonment grounds, a location shrouded in the gravitas of celestial judgments past.

There were ruins everywhere of past civilizations and untold stories...Yet now, this place was turned into an imprisonment facility under the eternal watch of the three rulers.

Into this somber landscape, Uranus made his entrance, his form casting shadows that seemed to absorb the faint light that dared to trespass upon this forsaken place.

As Uranus stepped onto the barren surface, the air vibrated with the sudden emergence of Kronos' deep, resonant voice, a sound that seemed to arrive from the very depths of the universe itself.

'What are you doing here? I don't think it's the time for me to be released,' Kronos intoned, his tone a mixture of curiosity and casualness like the notion of being imprisoned was something he was used to and had no issues with it.

Uranus, unfazed by the voice that echoed around him, responded with a calm that belied the gravity of his actions.

"I'm not here for your release, Kronos. You will have a new cellmate, and I expect you to keep an eye on her."

'A new cellmate? Interesting.'

With a motion that seemed to bend the very fabric of space around him, Uranus produced a pair of golden earrings.

He tossed them onto the ground with deliberate intent, and upon contact, they unfurled into a portal revealing the vast sealing hall within!

When Kronos saw the appearance of the sealing hall and the white flame hovering in the middle, he opened his massive eye from the depth of the planet.

His slit widened a little as he inquired, 'What a fascinating seal...Are you trying to contain a ruler?'

'Stop bothering me.' Uranus stated with an irritated tone, 'If you want to know, use your laws.'

'Where is the fun in that?' Kronos chuckled.

'Tsk, you are truly the worst possible candidate to control the laws of space and time.' Uranus clicked his tongue in criticism, 'If I had your laws, no one would catch me asking a question ever again.'

'That's why I am the guardian of space/time and you aren't.' Kronos smiled inwardly, 'You wouldn't have survived a day.'

'Whatever.'

Uranus merely scoffed at his take and left the location through the same portal, rushing back to the eternal kingdom...He felt like an emperor visiting a dirty village and ruining his shoes by stepping on their muddy grounds.

After he left, silence returned to the area...

Asna neither heard them nor realized that she was no longer in the eternal kingdom...It was understandable as all she could see and hear was absolute nothingness like she was locked inside her own subconscious space.

At the moment, she could be seen floating in this sea of nothingness with her arms holding her knees tightly, resembling a wounded deer awaiting her final hour.

A faint sniffles were heard here and there with the occasional questioning murmurs...

'What did I do to deserve this...How could they abandon me...I did nothing, nothing wrong...'

'Little one, it appears like you have made the mistake of trusting a unigin and a ruler.'

Suddenly, Kronos' unfamiliar voice resounded in her mind, causing her to flinch in fear.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

'Who are you?!'

With bloodshot eyes, Asna yelled while frantically scanning her surroundings, her racing heartbeat giving away her fear.

'My identity doesn't matter in the grand scheme of life.' Kronos responded calmly, 'What matters is the moments we share in life and cheri...'

'You must be Kronos!' Asna exclaimed, 'Unc..Apollo told me you are an idiot who is constantly attempting to sound wise!'

"..." Kronos was left speechless, feeling insulted but at the same time having no retort against it.

He indeed had an annoying habit of giving complicated answers to sound wiser when a simpler answer would suffice.

'Wait...If you are talking to me, it means I am no longer in the eternal kingdom...No, No, it's worse, it means I have been sent to the imprisonment grounds...' Asna stuttered at the horrible realization, feeling her heart shatter to pieces at the thought of being here.

Even after everything that happened, she still held a tiny bit of hope that the three rulers would keep her around and free her after some time as they promised.

But now? She knew once and for all that she was exiled forever, turning her into the First Exiled Celestial...