Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1692 The Imprisonment Grounds. II

1692 The Imprisonment Grounds. II

'Child, you don't have to feel so bad.' Kronos comforted, 'You will soon realize that spending your time here is much better than being next to those snakes. They only care about their benefit and empty sense of freedom.'

'Stop talking rubbish! How is this better?' Asna started weeping again, 'I can't see or do anything...Am I going to spend eternity like this?'

'Oh, I guess the seal is still too strong to let some of your senses out.' Kronos realized.

'What does that mean?'

'Just give it some time and the seal will start weakening gradually.' Kronos explained, 'After you spot signs of weakness, loopholes will emerge and you can take advantage of them to sneak out your senses or even a bit of your telepathic control.'

'Really? How long does it take?!' Asna's spirit seemed to have uplifted slightly.

'It depends on the seal.' Kronos shared as he analyzed her seal, 'Based on your seal's toughness and complexity, it should take tens of thousands of years before initial signs start appearing.'

'How...How am I supposed to wait that long without losing my mind.' Asna's spirit was thrown down the gutter again.

'One word.' Kronos chuckled, 'Sleep...Sleep will be your best friend for as long as you remain here.'

'...' Asna didn't know how to respond to that.

'So, why are you here?' Kronos asked with a curious tone.

'How can you ask me that?' Asna frowned, 'Aren't you the unigin of space and time? You should be all-knowing. In fact, why are you even imprisoned here with me? A being with your kind of power should never get caught, like ever.'

In her eyes, how could someone who could see the future ever get imprisoned? It was simply impossible as he could easily foresee any action against him millions of years ago.

'See the future, huh?' Kronos showed a forceful smile, a smile that seemed to carry eons of stories within it.

'Child, all you have to know is that I stopped controlling my fate and started flowing with the breeze of destiny wherever it takes me.' Kronos said wisely.

Asna's eyelids twitched in irritation. 'How does that answer my question?'

'You will understand in the future.' Kronos switched the subject, 'Now, share with me your story...It's been quite lonely being here by myself.'

Asna went silent for a moment, feeling her heart getting shredded to pieces when she started to think of how to begin her story.

In the end, she narrated what happened to her with great difficulty, knowing that he would be the only person near her for a very long time...

After she was done, Kronos was seen blinking his massive darkened eye, 'Well, I can't really blame them to be honest. Your existence is truly their bane and allowing you to awaken will be a foolish move.'

Before Asna could react to his response, Kronos soon shook his head, 'However, this doesn't excuse their actions. Your existence is the natural way of order and sealing you away is the same as rebelling against the universe.'

'I don't care about any of this and I never did.' Asna said with a low voice, 'All I wanted was to live my life in peace, unbothered, unaffected, and unattached to anything. I even despised my awakening as it would give me forceful new duties and I never liked that...'

'Little one, freedom is a privilege that only one person can enjoy...' Kronos said with a deep voice, 'Unfortunately, that person is neither you nor me.'

'What do you mean.'

'I think it's time we get some rest.' Kronos closed his eye slowly as he said one last time, 'We will continue when your seal weakens and we can speak face to face.'

'Wait! Please don't go! Kronos!' Asna started yelling with a bit of agitation, 'Are you still there, please don't leave me alone...'

When no one responded to her and all she could hear was the sound of her heartbeats, Asna understood that either she could join him in a long slumber or stay awake in this infinite darkness.

The choice wasn't hard to make...

*****

Back to The Present...

Asna was suddenly roused from reminiscing of her childhood memories, a period, she desired it never happened.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

What woke her up was the sight of the eternal black flames in the capital being on the verge of getting exterminated by the golden flames!

The black flames used to occupy almost the entire surface of the city, but now, there were barely a couple hundred kilometers covered and this surface area kept getting smaller and smaller.

'Felix...Where are you.' Asna thought with a hint of worry inscribed across her face.

She knew that Felix must have used the black flames as a diversion to save her while the three rulers and the rest believed he did this for the sake of stealing Zeus and Poseidon's cores.

After all, he had kidnapped them instead of using the chance created for the sake of saving Asna.

At this moment, the flames were dying out, and the created opportunity was dying with them.

Unbeknownst to her, all of this was still part of Felix's plan.

...

BOOOM!! WHOOSH!! THUUD!!...

In the heart of the dream realm,Felix engaged in a desperate melee with Zeus and Poseidon, each moment was a dance with death, their forms blurring into a vortex of primal combat!

"PARRRRAGON! LET GO OF OUR CORES!"

Zeus bellowed with a frenzied look as he unleashed barrages of lightning strikes, each one seeking Felix with a predator's precision!

His divine weapon crackled with the wrath of storms, arcs of electricity dancing eagerly on its surface, waiting to discharge with fatal intent!

Meanwhile, Poseidon attacked with the ferocity of the ocean's depths, waves of water and razor-sharp ice shards spiraled towards Felix, an unending torrent designed to erode his defenses and pierce through his resolve!

The ground beneath them became a maelstrom of water, and ice clashing with Felix.

"Useless attempts...Just lower your weapons and accept your fate...Your cores are now mine."

Alas, Felix countered all of their strikes with ease as his strength had already reached the peak of unigins unlike the other two. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Without divinities involved, the battle was like a simple showdown of who got the bigger muscle.

"I REFUSE TO ACCEPT SUCH FATE! YOUR DAMNATION IS SOON ARRIVING!"

Poseidon roared as he tried to slice Felix apart with a concentrated jet of iced water that could be considered the sharpest weapon in the universe!

"Maybe, but not under your hands," Felix responded calmly as he used the reflective mirror symbol to change the path of the water blade, aiming it at Zeus.

Zeus, quick with his hands, used a thunder-based strike to shatter the water-blade molecules!

While this was going on,Asna's core worked tirelessly, siphoning the essence of Zeus and Poseidon, making their desperation continue to mount.

'No! No! Zeus! Put more effort into it!'

'What the f*ck you think I am doing?! His symbolic techniques can counter most of our law-based attacks while the gap in strength between us makes it impossible to land a single attack!' Zeus yelled back with a hint of despair, a feeling he never felt in his life before.

Not in his wildest dreams did he expect his ending to arrive in the same manner as Hephaestus even when they had already received a wake-up call.

No one could fault them as not even the three rulers believed that Felix would be daring enough to make a move against them so soon.

There were risks and there was what Felix had just done.

Unfortunately, as the cores of Zeus and Poseidon dimmed, their attacks wavered, the once overwhelming force behind their blows diminishing.

When Zeus and Poseidon felt their trusted strength slipping away, recognized that unless they went to extraordinary measures and truly acted in pure desperation, their ending would be determined here and now.

'You think what I am thinking?'

'We are left with no other choice...Either we do that or we will be completed once and for all.'