Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1709 Staying True to Her Nature.

﻿﻿1709 Staying True to Her Nature.

"No force?! How does that make any sense?" Thor exclaimed.

"This is one of the quantum realm's most fascinating principles. Here, at the foundation of reality, the concept of force as you understand it in the physical world doesn't hold."

"Force as everyone knows it, derives from the physical laws of the universe...Here, however, we're beyond those laws. The quantum realm operates on principles that standardize force, rendering it a non-factor."

"Here, it's not about how much force you can exert but how you can influence the probabilities and manipulate the reality itself to your advantage."

"Manipulate reality?" Elder Kraken inquired with an intrigued tone.

While he was a master in the field of souls and spirits, the Quantum realm was under Lady Sphinx's field of studies.

After all, one of the main reasons she created the Truth eyes was to explore all the realms in the universe.

From the quantum realm, spirit realm, and void realm, to even understanding the mysteries of the UVR.

While she could not enter the Quantum realm with her physical body like the unigins and had to utilize her sand manipulation and other mental gymnastics, the short periods she spent here helped her study the basics of the Quantum realm's structure.

"That's right, in the Quantum realm, reality is too unstable and this leaves loopholes for entities to exploit it and manipulate it to their advantage." Lady Sphinx explained calmly, "This means it is possible in theory to create a reality, where your force is disproportionate with the standardized version across the board."

"So, it's not the strength of the blow but the precision with which we alter reality's fabric that determines our effectiveness?"

"Exactly," Lady Sphinx affirmed. "In the quantum realm, your abilities to influence, to change the state of vibrational strings and thus the very essence of matter and energy, that's what grants you power. It's a realm where thought, intention, and understanding wield greater strength than physical force ever could."

"Many of those entities have long since established their existence in the quantum realm and created empires and civilizations stretching to infinities." Lilith continued for her lazily, "In other words, this is an entirely new universe that follows its own rules, systems, and structure, with its rulers."

Everyone was left deep in thought, feeling like they were truly discovering a new universe parallel to their own.

"If even unigins are considered foreigners and have not much sway here compared to the natives, then, it is no wonder they avoid the Quantum realm," Lord Marduk uttered.

"Not all of them." Lilith shook her head, "Eris and Uranus can be considered as fish in the ocean here. Their laws dominate this dimension, and it helps them reach an even higher level of reality manipulation compared to many natives."

Everyone nodded in understanding.

The Quantum realm was a place of unpredictability and disorder. As the goddess of order and disorder, she would have a field day here.

Meanwhile, Uranus lorded over the laws of vibration, and this quantum realm was created out of vibrational strings, which in turn gave him control over reality here.

As for water, fire, wind, plant, and such laws?

They couldn't exist here when the quantum realm's existence itself was smaller than a particle.

As for the laws used to create structures, wind breezes, plants, and such entities here, they might resemble the physical laws, but they were nothing as such.

"How about the sins laws?" Lord Loki asked.

"As long as there is desire, sin laws would be effective," Lilith replied lazily.

Indeed, the laws of the seven sins were more related to the universe and the beings in it instead of its environment.

Thus, it didn't matter how different a new environment was. As long as Felix was inside this universe and could tap into his desires, he would always be able to use his laws.

"It doesn't matter at the moment...My powers are sealed and even when I am here, I can still feel the universe's chains tightening on me."

Felix sighed as he followed Apollo closely, who seemed to be flying towards a predetermined destination.

Felix couldn't imagine spending more than twelve million years without being at his peak or even having enough strength to defend himself.

But, it is what is...He abused his laws and the universe delivered its promised punishment.

"May I ask something?"

Suddenly, Apollo's curious voice resounded in Felix's ears, forcing him to switch his focus to his main consciousness.

"Feel free." Felix permitted, even though he already predicted that the question would be about the rescue mission.

As expected...

"What made you make your move so soon? You barely stayed more than a century in the eternal kingdom." Apollo eyed Felix with a look of wonder.

"Against the three rulers, there is no such a thing as a perfect striking period." Felix responded calmly, "For I was certain that no matter how much stronger I get, I will never be strong enough to deal with all of them at once."

"Because of this, you thought that it was better to strike at the least expected timeframe?" Apollo shook his head, "While I applaud your boldness, I think you should have prepared a bit more for the key moment. Trying to grab Asna into the dream realm while distracting the three rulers with that much destruction might have worked if you choose another method than using a void tentacle."

"Like what?" Felix asked with a wry smile.

"..."

Apollo found himself speechless, unable to come up with a different method. While it was easy to talk about something, applying it was a different story.

"I used void tentacle because I knew that the three rulers might freeze time." Felix gave his explanation for his thought process, "Since void can disintegrate even with time effects, I believed that it will give me the best chance at bringing her home."

"Alas...Even with that much distraction, the three rulers were still able to react in time and cut off the void tentacle." Felix sighed, a hint of sadness and frustration were seen clouding his eyes.

"That's it? You haven't prepared for a backup plan or something?"

"Like what?"

"I don't know, like using your sin laws on her during your contact."

"You think the three rulers are dumb enough to not search her entire being?" Felix shook his head, "I had only one chance, and it failed, that's all to it."

Apollo opened his mouth, wanting to continue speaking about the matter, but soon he stopped himself.

He realized that Felix was right...The three rulers would scan Asna head to tail for any abnormalities and eliminate them.

Thus, it would make her more at risk if he did something like this.

"Shame, I genuinely was rooting for you." In the end, Apollo sighed in disappointment.

When Felix saw his genuine reaction, he couldn't help but raise an eyebrow in puzzlement. He knew that Apollo was somewhat of a 'Landlord's fan'. But, his reaction wasn't related to Felix's, but to the fact he failed to save Asna.

This made him question his relation to Asna...Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix asked him about it.

"Asna, huh?" Apollo displayed a forced distraught smile as memories of his time with her surfaced in his mind again.

With a deep sigh, he began narrating about the past, telling Felix how he used to hang out with little Asna and carry out harmless pranks across the kingdom.

How he considered Asna as a close companion and wanted nothing but the best for her.

When Felix heard this, he couldn't help but frown deeply.

Lilith informed him that Apollo had slept through the meeting where Asna's fate was decided, which was the exact opposite of what Apollo was implying to him.

He didn't hesitate to confront him about it.

"If you cared this much about her, how could you not show up to the voting meeting and defend her?"

"Huh?" Apollo knitted his eyebrows in confusion, "Where did you hear such bullsh*t?"

"What do mean bullsh*t?" Felix was taken back a bit.

"Artemis and I were the only ones on Asna's side in the meeting. As hard as we tried, we couldn't change the outcome when everyone was in favor of sealing Asna." Apollo uttered with a disappointed tone.

Before Felix could confront the truthfulness of his words, Apollo linked him with the memories of what happened in the meeting.

After Felix watched the whole thing, his blood was left boiling in anger and hatred. He watched as the three rulers, Uranus, and most of the unigins forsaken Asna like she was garbage the moment her existence threatened their lives.

When he saw how Artemis and Apollo were indeed the only ones speaking on her behalf and even voting against the decision, it finally clicked in his mind that either Lilith had no idea or she realized and deceived to him.

Whatever it was, he was livid.

'Lilith, what's the meaning of this?' He inquired with a suppressed cold tone.

'You are a big boy, you can determine it out by yourself.' Lilith chuckled, not bothering to act innocent and use her banishment as an excuse.

'You manipulative b*tch, you really can't help yourself.' Felix snorted with an icy expression.

He realized that Lilith deceived to him for the sake of making him despise all unigins and go after them all!

After all, if he realized that Artemis had defended Asna, he wouldn't have even targeted her with his black flames before.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Whether she succeeded in making a difference or not, the fact still stood that she was on Asna's side before everything collapsed...The same applied to Apollo!

'What can I say? It's my nature to tease you once in a while. I can't have you get too comfortable with me. Where is the fun in that?' Lilith smiled widely.