Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1710 The True Goal!

﻿﻿1710 The True Goal!

'It's my fault for taking your information at face value. I should have known that you will never change.' Felix said coldly.

Just because they seemed on the same frequency for the past century in preparation to save Asna and stick it to the three rulers, it didn't mean Felix started trusting her fully.

He still had many misgivings about her. However, he just didn't expect her to lie about something not so important.

But now, he realized that everything was indispensable when it had a relation to her. Just now, he was being rescued by Apollo, someone who had a great relationship with Asna, whose she tried to paint as an enemy too.

'What can I say, I am flattered.' Lilith chuckled.

Felix scoffed as he decided to ignore her, knowing that nothing out of good value would come out of dealing with her nonsense.

"If you had such a great relationship with Asna, how come you didn't try to approach her after she got caught again and explain the situation to her?" Felix turned to Apollo, questioning his lack of empathy.

"Then, what?" Apollo showed a forced smile, "Will it matter anymore? Asna was locked up for more than twenty million years. We have already failed her and nothing I say will changer her perspective of me."

"There is no such a thing as half-assing helping someone. You either help him or you don't." Apollo sighed, "So, how can I show my face before her ever again?"

Felix and the rest of the tenants went quiet. In their eyes, they would also not give Apollo a chance to explain himself if they found out that his full extent of his assistant was limited to a couple sentences.

Although they understood that there was nothing he could have done to change the situation without making himself be the enemy of the entire kingdom, it wouldn't change the sentiment.

"What's accomplished is done, I have failed her and that's all to it." Apollo sighed in disappointment, "I truly hoped that you wouldn't fail her too."

Felix remained silent.

"I didn't mean it that way. You have already accomplished more than the impossible to rescue her." Apollo realized that he might have struck a nerve.

"No, you are right, I could have accomplished more." Felix shook his head, "A failure is a failure."

Apollo opened his mouth, wanting to comfort Felix...But then, he swallowed his words, realizing that whatever he said, it wouldn't make Felix feel any better.

In reality?

'Why haven't you told him, you think he isn't trustworthy?' Candace wondered.

'Even after he rescued me, I have no interest in putting the last hope we have in his hands.' Felix remarked with a stern tone.

'You think it worked at least?' Lord Marduk frowned, 'The three rulers' ways are too unique, and they might have found out what you did.'

'Even if they were the all knowledgeable, there is no way they would know about my new sin-symbolic technique.' Felix replied with a cold smirk, 'After all, it's created out of fire law and sloth law, a technique even that vixen hasn't created.'

That's right!

Felix was merely faking before Apollo, not wanting him to know that the true purpose of the plan was already attained!

Rescuing Asna from the rulers with a void tentacle? While it sounded doable, Felix never had any hopes that it would work even though it would have simplified his life better than the alternative.

Alas, he was a rationalist and knew that the plan was doomed to fail.

Thus, his actual motive for touching Asna with the void tentacle was to utilize one of his newest and unique sin-symbolic techniques, Infernal Slumber Brand Sigil!

This technique was a complex and potent sin-symbolic technique that combined the elements of fire law and sloth law to manipulate the realm of dreams for the purpose of subtle enslavement!

This technique functioned by embedding a mystical brand, akin to a slave mark, within the target's dreams while they were in a state of sleep.

The fire law component of this technique was responsible for the creation and embedding of the brand. It symbolized the burning, enduring control the user intended to establish over the target.

The mark was not physical but rather a metaphysical construct that existed within the dream plane, making it invisible and undetectable in the waking world or by conventional means!

The sloth law, on the other hand, tied the brand to the target's state of sleep. It ensured that as long as the target remained asleep, the brand remained active yet hidden.

Once branded, Felix could issue commands to the target through a connection established by the technique.

These commands were received and processed by the target's subconscious, influencing their thoughts and actions upon waking.

However, the technique's subtlety lay in its ability to keep the mark invisible as long as the target remained asleep, making it a perfect tool for covert manipulation and control.

But, Felix didn't brand Asna for control, but to establish communication between them, which was the original purpose of this entire operation!!

'I have to say, I am genuinely impressed that you have pulled the branding off. However, without your ability to control the sin laws at the moment, we have no way of finding out if it worked or not.' Lord Shiva commentated with a serious tone.

Felix's happiness died off immediately at the sound of that.

'You're right, the punishment has truly put a dent in our plans.' Felix knitted his eyebrows.

If it wasn't for the lockdown on his laws, he would have been able to check if the brand was still there or not. But now, all he could do was pray that Asna remain asleep, so the brand wouldn't be found out.

That's why Felix told her to fall asleep during the signal.

Fortunately, with the destruction of the tiara, it allowed Felix to make direct skin-to-skin contact with her while also forcing her into a coma due to the backlash!

'For now, all we can do is hope to finish the punishment before she wakes up.'

'Luckily, the time difference is to our advantage with a massive rate of one to ten thousand.' Felix intoned.

Felix was able to find out the time difference rate quite easily as he still had a consciousness wisp within Ancestral Imyr's mind, who had watched the entire battle between Felix and the third ruler. He had almost fainted from shock and satisfaction after witnessing Felix's final strike.

Even without him, Felix still had Candace, Nimo, and the rest of his subordinates on the other side.

After all, there was no way Felix would leave them behind without their own exit strategy.

***

Some time ago, during Felix's battle against the third ruler, the only surviving Felix's clone carefully placed the void citizens into a spacious, shimmering spatial ring.

Everyone was still in a deep slumber since their dreams were being used to fuel the dream realm.

The only one awake was Nimo.

"Father, are you sure about this? Can't I just stay with you?" Nimo's voice was tinged with worry, his eyes locked on Felix's clone.

While his size remained somewhat the same after all these years, his voice and intelligence had matured quite nicely.

Felix turned to Nimo, his expression firm. "Nimo, listen to me. This is something only you can do right now. I need you to use your wish to send everyone back to the void realm. They'll be safe there, and most importantly, they'll be your responsibility. Can you do that for me?"

"But...I want to be with you..."

"You're doing the right thing, Nimo. They need you now more than ever. And I... I have to finish what I started. Alone."

Nimo's eyes watered, but he nodded, understanding the gravity of his new role. "But what about you, father? How will I know you're okay?"

Felix's clone smiled gently, "I'll find my way back. I always do. Just take care of everyone until then...You're stronger than you think."UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Nimo hesitated, biting his lip. With a heavy heart, he nodded, understanding the weight of the task ahead.

"Okay, father. I'll do it."

Nimo entered the spatial ring after one last hug with Felix's clone and thenfocused his energy. With a deep breath, he wished, "I wish for this spatial ring to return safely to the void realm."

In an instant, the spatial ring glowed brightly before fading, signifying the successful transfer.

Felix's clone sighed in relief.

If it was up to him, he would have been the one making the wish, but he could already see that his main consciousness was struggling, and he didn't want to add more pressure on him with abusing his laws.

'I think it's time for my departure too.' With a deep sigh, he whispered, "For the greater good, then."

Closing his eyes, he initiated the self-elimination sequence...Energy swirled around him, a maelstrom of light and shadows, as the very essence that made him began to unravel.

"I hope this will be enough." he thought, a sense of peace settling over him despite the impending dissolution. "Carry on our will."

As the last of his form began to fade, his final thought was a silent farewell to his creator, his comrades, and the mission they had all embarked upon.

Then, with a flash of light that briefly illuminated the void, Felix's clone ceased to exist, leaving no trace behind, ensuring his existence wouldn't lead the rulers or any other threats back to Felix and their people.

After all, he was the last to remain in the eternal kingdom and the three rulers would never let him roam free anymore, thus sealing his fate for eternal damnation...