Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1711 NullVoiders! I

﻿﻿1711 NullVoiders! I

Back to the present...

"Whether you succeeded or failed in saving Asna, what you have done to the kingdom is unforgivable." Apollo remarked with a serious tone, "Since my counterpart has gotten involved, they would most definitely figure out that we have descended to the quantum realm."

"They can't come here personally which is a bonus, but I am certain they will send at least Eris and Uranus on our tail." Apollo warned, "While the quantum realm is an infinite dimension that connects the entire universe with its realms, only a handful of places were considered stabilized enough to inhibit for prolonged periods. Thus, we kinda have to disguise ourselves and remain on the low until we arrive at our destination to minimize our exposure."

"I understand."Felix nodded in agreement.

If it was any other unigins, Apollo wouldn't have been this worried and careful. But, Eris and Uranus were absolute monsters in this dimension and it was best to avoid them at all costs until he recovered his powers.

"Decide on a new appearence and try your best to make it fit in with the natives," Apollo said as he started his transformation.

His features, always possessing an intrinsic charm, sharpened into an otherworldly allure. His hair, once reflective of the starry night, now shimmered with a spectrum of quantum colors, flowing and rearranging as if made of light itself.

It framed his face, highlighting his striking, angular jawline and high cheekbones.

Apollo's ears tapered to a fine point, adding an elven grace to his appearance, while his eyes turned a brilliant hue of violet, piercing and luminous, mirroring the quantum realm's vibrant energy.

"It seems like you have done this quite a few times." Felix appreciated Apollo's new native-like appearence.

If he didn't see him transform in front of him, he wouldn't guess his true identity no matter how hard he tried.

"This is my usual appearence around here." Apollo replied as he caressed his flowing silky hair, "I hope my connections are still around...It will facilitate our journey greatly."

"Connections?" Felix raised an eyebrow.

"I guess it's better to tell you...Sh*t, hide quickly!"

Before Felix could react, Apollo hid them both inside a pink cloud out of his manifestation and modified it to resemble the pink clouds near them.

This made them perfectly camouflaged with the environment.

Just as Felix was about to ask him, he swallowed the rest of his words after spotting a school's pitch-black foggy creatures heading towards them.

These beings, resembling swirls of anti-matter encased in a void shell, moved in unison like a fluid dance of darkness and light.

'What are those abnormalities?' Felix asked.

'Nullvoiders.' Apollo anwsered with a deep frown, 'They are known for their curious nature and unpredictable behaviors. Keep your presence minimal. Nullvoiders are attracted to strong energy signatures. They're dangerous if disturbed.'

'How marvelous...' Felix nodded, suppressing his aura as much as possible.

For a moment, the Nullvoiders continued on their path, their movement a mesmerizing dance of existence and non-existence.

But then, without warning, the school shifted direction, converging towards Felix with a sudden interest!

'The hell?' Apollo exclaimed, his eyes widening. 'They've never reacted like this before!'

"What do we do?"

A flash of fear appeared in Felix's eyes. Who could blame him? He had no strength to protect himself and he had no clue what these creatures wanted from him.

"We run!" Apollo exclaimed.

The dark cloud beneath them surged forward, accelerating at a breakneck pace through the quantum fabric!!

The Nullvoiders school pursued them with an inexplicable fervor, their forms blurring into streaks of existence and nonexistence!

The chase was on, with Felix and Apollo weaving through quantum clouds and dodging the peculiar structures across the realm!

"Why are they after us?" Felix shouted over the roar of their flight.

Apollo glanced back, noting the nullvoiders' relentless pursuit. "What us?! It must be something about your energy, something they've never sensed before! You're like a walking anomaly to them!"

"The hell? I have been using spiritual energy to suppress my aura all the time!" Felix retorted.

Even though he was weakened and couldn't muster the whole strength of his spiritual pressure, creating a camouflage barrier wasn't that difficult.

"Well, I don't recognize either!" Apollo said with a tint of dread, "We can't get caught by those creatures."

The pursuit intensified, with the Nullvoiders gaining ground!

"Can't you kill them?" Felix asked.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

He knew that Apollo's strength was still substantial in the quantum realm since light photons existed here too.

Without light, there could be nothing but an utter void in the quantum realm, which implied that his laws were one of the fundamental laws in the universe.

This might explain why his counterpart had resolved to stay in the quantum realm.

As they continued their careful trek through the swirling energies of the quantum realm, Apollo glanced back at Felix, noting the latter's growing concern at the relentless pursuit of the Nullvoiders.

"Fighting them is futile," Apollo said, his voice carrying a serious undertone, rare for the usually carefree deity. "Each time a Nullvoider is killed, they simply multiply. It's as if they feed on the very concepts of creation and annihilation, drawing sustenance from the energies released during their death process."

"Moreover, their abilities are unlike anything we typically encounter. Nullvoiders have this unique power to momentarily stabilize or destabilize regions of space at their whim. They manipulate the foundational energies of existence itself, making confrontation perilous at best."

Felix, absorbing Apollo's explanation, furrowed his brow, realizing the complexity of their situation...He truly didn't expect the first creatures he met to be this dangerous even a unigin would rather run away than deal with them.

"Can't you journey at the speed of light? We will lose them easily like this." Felix suggested as he glanced behind him, noticing that the Nullvoiders were still on their tail.

"I can, but I am afraid we will lose a dimensional entry to The Vibronix Empire." Apollo knitted his eyebrows, "The Quantum realm is ever-changing and I can't locate near dimensional entries if we journey at the speed of light. If we lost them, our journey might get prolonged by thousands of years at least."

While Felix was somewhat curious about The Vibronix Empire and the dimensional entries he mentioned, he knew that this wasn't the time for a Q&A segment.

"We have to lose them, and quickly." Apollo uttered, "We can't afford to be chased by them as this will attract other creatures and worsen our situation."

Felix wanted to help him, but the moment the idea took root in his mind, the celestial chains appeared out of nowhere and tightened their grasp on his limbs and neck, leaving him gasping for his dear life in agony.

"Stop messing with the universe." Apollo chided, "I got this under control."

"Fine..."

Felix could only accept the princess's treatment and keep his hands to himself.

As Apollo led the way, his eyes suddenly caught sight of a quantum maze sprawling in the distance, its structures bathed in a kaleidoscope of colors, towering and twisting in ways that defied conventional physics!

"A Quantum Maze..." Apollo murmured, a tint of hesitation picked on his voice.

"What's the matter?"

"We can lose their trail if we go there, but it's not guaranteed we will be able to leave it," Apollo replied with a solemn tone.

"How so?"

"A quantum maze is filled with dimensional entries, gates, chaotic portals, and even reality holes." Apollo took a deep breath, "One wrong step and we might find ourselves in the second level of the quantum realm or even worse, the third level!"

While Felix hadn't gone to the second or the third level of the Quantum realm, he understood that those places were not for the weak-hearted.

At least at the surface level, there were many creatures and intelligent natives with their civilizations and empires.

The other two levels had no such a thing as not even natives could exist in them!

"What's the alternative?" Felix narrowed his eyes, "With this much space, I doubt we will be able to lose them unless you decide to journey at light speed."

Besides the quantum maze in the distance sticking out akin to a sore thumb, there was nothing out there.

Seeing the bloodthirsty look on the Nullvoiders, it didn't seem like they would be giving up any time soon.

In other words, Apollo and Felix understood that if they resolved to go past the quantum maze, they might need to get accustomed to having Nullvoiders as journey buddies.

Suddenly, Apollo's right eye turned pitch-black and the voice of his counterpart resounded in his mind, resembling an undead attempting to speak with broken vocal cords.

'Go into the maze, I will lead you out of it.'

'You recognize this maze?' Apollo was skeptical, 'There is an infinite number of quantum mazes, each with their unique structure and different paths. How can you lead us out?'

'If you bothered to spend some time with me instead of messing with your whores, you would have known.' His alter ego uttered coldly, 'Now go inside. I can't afford to have you get him killed on his first day.'

'Tsk, I was doing fine without you.' Apollo clicked his tongue in irritation, but he resolved to listen.