Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1713 The Quantum Realm's Natives.

﻿﻿1713 The Quantum Realm's Natives.

"Now, do you know the way out?" Felix asked as he gazed around him, realizing that the quantum maze was completely locked off.

It had a colorful roof covered in countless chaotic portals. Since Apollo didn't mention the possibility of utilizing his laws to leave this place, it implied that the quantum realm could be exited only through the standard way.

"My idiotic counterpart seems to know the way." Apollo shared as he kept cruising through the maze.

"I see..." Felix rubbed his chin thoughtfully, "Is it possible to break past its walls?"

He knew that the portals were a no-go, but the maze's structure didn't seem strong enough to handle getting damaged.

"The instant we stepped inside the maze, we entered a separate dimension parrel to the quantum realm. Those portals and the exit are the only ways out." Apollo explained, "If you exited through the walls, you will be thrown into an endless void and trapped in it for eternity."

"How extraordinary..."

"Though, because we arrived here through shrinking, we can always exit the quantum realm by enlarging ourselves and return to the matter universe, unlike the natives."

"I thought so." Felix nodded in understanding.

At the end of the day, they were foreigners and they always had the option to return to the matter universe.

The only issue was the return location being completely random and they might end up enlarging themselves within a star, a black hole, or even a creature!

That's because the quantum realm was connecting the entire spacetime of the universe, which meant each exit point was different from the other.

"While we are here, decide on your new appearence." Apollo frowned, "I don't know, but maybe the Nullvoiders recognized you? It's best to change your appearence as fast as possible."

"Recognized me?" Felix wondered, "How can that be possible? This is my first time here."

"How would I know?" Apollo shook his head, "If your aura isn't attracting them then your appearence or something else is doing it."

"Let's eliminate appearence first."

Having no interest in participating in another chase, Felix began to brainstorm on new appearence ideas.

Since he needed to change everything about himself, from facial features, body structure, and even his skin color and attitude to resemble the natives, he needed to consider his options carefully.

"Do you need help?" Apollo grinned a bit, "I am a master in makeovers. "I assure you that I can enhance your appearance to match even the standards of local beauty."

"I don't need to be stunning." Felix rejected his help calmly, "I just need to be different."

"Tsk, you are no fun." Apollo clicked his tongue.

"If you want to help me, give me some designs for humanoid natives."

Felix changed his mind after realizing that his knowledge about the natives was limited to Nullvoiders.

"Haha...Of cour..."

"Don't give me flamboyant designs," Felix warned him with a stern look.

"It never crossed my mind." Apollo cleared his throat sheepishly while presenting Felix with dozens of 3D holographic unique humanoid natives.

Since he was the unigin of light, his impeccable eye for detail left Felix and the tenants mesmerized by the natives' appearance.

Each race was marvelous like something coming out of a child's imagination. Even the unique races in the matter universe had nothing against the quantum realm's natives when it came to uniqueness and a sense of awe.

"Can I get an introduction for each race?" Felix requested.

"First, we have the Vibronix, masters of vibrational energy. They can manipulate the very strings that knit the universe together. With this kind of power and their remarkable intelligence, they were the first native race to start a civilization and build a massive empire that's welcoming to all natives across the quantum realm."

Apollo introduced as his gaze drifted towards the hologram of a Vibronix native.

He boasted a sleek, metallic sheen to his skin, with patterns that pulsated in rhythm to the universe's natural frequencies...His eyes glowed with a deep, resonant light that seemed to echo the foundational vibrations of existence.

"Vibronix...An entire race capable of manipulating vibration." Felix murmured in awe, "If they were part of the surface, they would have ruled the entire universe."

"Fortunately, they aren't interested in world domination even here." Apollo divulged some extra information, "Their society is structured around the collective advancement of knowledge and the exploration of the infinite expanse of the quantum realm. So, they are welcoming for pretty much everyone as long as they don't break their rules."

"I see, that's why we are heading there, I guess." Felix assented in understanding.

"Yes, we need to stay there for a while." Apollo shared with an embarrassed cough, "Reaching my counterpart is quite complicated."

"What do you mean?" Felix frowned.

"I will tell you all about it when we arrive at the empire."

Apollo swiftly changed the subject by introducing another humanoid race.

He had a swirling, ever-changing skin that mirrored the tumultuous energy of chaos and order, with eyes that shifted colors unpredictably.

"Then there's the Chaosians, beings of pure chaotic energy...Unpredictable and wild, they thrive in the realm's most tumultuous zones, where order and logic falter." He said with a hint of wariness in his tone.

Without needing to ask, Felix was able to pick up on a dangerous vibe from the Chaosian's hologram, seemingly staring at someone with no care for consequences.

He was right to trust his intention.

"Those are a dangerous bunch...They are born from the inherent unpredictability and randomness of the quantum realm." Apollo elucidated with a serious tone, "They possess an intrinsic ability to harness the chaos and entropy that underpins quantum mechanics. Unlike the Vibronix, who seek harmony and order through the manipulation of vibrational strings, the Chaosians thrive in and amplify the natural disorder, using it to their advantage in both creation and destruction."

"For a long time, their empire has had a feud with the Vibronix Empire.."

"Why is that?" Felix inquired.

"It has to do with a rift or something." Apollo coughed while avoiding eye contact with Felix, seemingly hiding something quite important.

'Why do I have a feeling that it has to do with his alter ego?' Thor narrowed his eyes.

'I think so too, but clearly, he doesn't plan to explain the full picture to me.' Felix sighed, 'I feel like I am being dragged into some kind of a mess.'

Felix had gone through so much bullsh*t in his life that he cultivated a radar for future trouble...At the moment, it was beeping nonstop.

Alas, because of his current weakened state, there wasn't much he could do about it.

'Let's hope it's not that bad.'

Felix prayed in silence as he watched Apollo continue introducing other races. Most of them were unique and powerful in their own way.

For example, there were ethereal beings called Etherites. They existed in a state of quantum superposition, simultaneously everywhere and nowhere.

While they had no civilization, they were considered the watchers of the quantum realm's mysteries and were treated with great respect.

There was even a race called The Luminoans, which were known for their luminous hair and ethereal beauty.

They harmonized with the quantum energies, creating and dwelling in cities that glowed like beacons in the realm's depths.

As he finished, Apollo gazed at Felix with a serious tone, "Each race has its domain and its own rules. Navigating their territories requires not just strength, but wisdom and respect for the realm's complex web of life."

"I understand." Felix nodded.

After hearing about those races' details, Felix perceived that the quantum realm was more fearsome than he had anticipated.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

While he was a unigin and a god up there, in here, he was nothing but a traveler.

He understood that if he wanted to prolong his stay here, he must treat everyone with a hint of caution. Otherwise, he wouldn't know how he died.

"So, which race have you decided on?" Apollo asked with a sly smile.

Felix's eyelids twitched after realizing that even though he was given many options, in reality, he had only one viable race to pick from the bunch.

The rest were either too highly profiled or too difficult to pull off the disguise such as Chaosians or Vibronix.

"Curse you."

In the end, Felix lamented in resignation and accepted his fate, pointing his finger at his chosen race.

"Hehe, trust me, you are going to look fabulous." Apollo chortled in delight.

"That's what I am afraid of..."