Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1718 Seeking Ways to Recover His Strength.

﻿﻿1718 Seeking Ways to Recover His Strength.

Even Felix and the tenants who had no idea how much one million Lira was worth, knew that they were being robbed in broad daylight.

"I think I am good with the standard identity," Felix remarked.

He didn't even attempt to haggle the price down...He was too broke to even consider the option. But, Apollo thought otherwise.

"Hold on now...Let me check my bank account."

Apollo signed up for the frequencies hub and went straight to the Quantaar Bank hub, connecting himself with one of the many customer service workers.

He gave them the name, his back details account, and the password...Only then was the clerk allowed to share information about his account details.

'Sir Bolo, your current balance is, holy! Cough, cough, my apologies, it's two hundred million and three hundred thousand Lira.' The clerk announced after a sharp gasp in shock.

'Oh, not bad.' Apollo showed a pleased smile before cutting off the connection.

Just as Zephyr was about was about to negotiate the price down of the Vibronix identity, Apollo cut him off, "We will take the approved Vibronix identity."

"Haha! Great decision, great decision."

Zephyr was on cloud nine in happiness as started the paperwork right away, fearing he would change his mind.

Zephyr was on cloud nine in happiness as started the paperwork right away, fearing he would change his mind.

"But, for two conditions."

"Hmm? Do tell."

"You provide us with temporary accommodation until you complete your work on our identities. Additionally, you furnish us with details of any unfamiliar creatures entering the city and newly discovered locations at an accelerated time." Apollo said.

"Deal!"

Without an ounce of hesitation, Zepyher agreed to the deal as he had nothing to lose. He had plenty of empty rooms in his brothels across the city.

As for the information? While he usually sold them for a decent price, he didn't mind giving them as a freebie for such a lucrative deal.

To put into perspective how much one million Lira was worth, he needed his entire brothel franchise to be working at maximum capacity daily for an entire decade to reach such a number!

"You can head back to the lobby, one of the girls will take you to your rooms." Zephyr winked at them, "If one of them caught your eyes, don't hesitate to call me. I have you covered free of charge for the entire duration of your residency."

"Haha, don't mind if I do." Apollo wasn't shy at all.

...

Sometime later...

Apollo was sitting on a red heart-shaped love bed while Felix was staying as far as possible from it, sitting on a cushion near a window.

"How come you have this much money on you? I thought you would blow it all in drugs, girls, and parties." Felix asked.

"I did blow most of it, but I was quite smart to invest the crumbs in compound interest before I left." Apollo chuckled, "With the massive time difference, a measly ten thousand Lira has turned into two hundred million Lira."

"Two hundred million? You rich, rich." Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"For now."

Felix sighed as he saw Apollo's grin, knowing he'd waste it all again.

"On a serious note, you should study more about Luminoans." Apollo advised, "Zephyrisn't the only one with such keen perception. Even if you obtained a legit identity, it will do no good if you can't act the part."

"I know," Felix replied with a hardened expression.

Felix had no interest in allowing any other person to pick up on his disguise again. For that to work, he needed to study everything about Luminoans to mimic them to perfection.

"This is all I know about Luminoans. If you still need more, seek Zephyr's help. As long as he works on your identity and hasn't gotten paid, he will break his back for us." Apollo smirked as he forwarded some information about the Luminoans race.

Felix received the information and glanced at them. As expected, his mannerisms were totally off compared to the real Luminoans.

They were more in tune with the quantum realm's energies and this made their personalities on the softer and elegant side.

With their handsome appearence added to the picture, it made them resemble celestial angels roaming the streets.

But in the case of Felix, he always had a cold frown like someone owed him money...This made him resemble a fallen angel.

"I will try my best to play the part," Felix assured.

"You better be, Uranus, Eris, or the others will search the Quantaar city for us and I don't want my stay here to be short-lived."Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Now, if you would excuse me, I have some new listeners to entertain." Apollo jumped out of bed and dashed outside of the room with a pervy wide grin.

Thud!

As the door was closed behind him, Felix shook his head in resignation at Apollo's shenanigans and turned to gaze at the view from the window.

The Quantaar city could be said to be one of the most beautiful metropolises he had ever stepped in...It could even contend against the Celestial City.

Yet, he wasn't in the mood to enjoy the view as his mind was filled with thoughts about how to recover some of his strength.

Felix switched to his wisp in his consciousness space and found that the tenants were all over the place.

"Guys, any ideas?"

"How about returning to the vibration manipulation? It will allow you to control quantum energy." Elder Kraken suggested, "Quantum realm is a bit similar to the spirit realm in the sense that all you require is some affinity and understanding to start working with an element."

During Felix and Apollo's journey across the realm, he had been taught most of the things related to the quantum realm as an entity.

Here, creatures or intelligent lifeforms were all born with different attunement to the available elements or laws in the realm. Some were highly attuned to manipulate chaos like Chaosians, and some were attuned to vibration like Vibronix.

In the case of Luminoans, they were born with different attunements, from light, darkness, vibration, chaos, space, time, and other peculiar elements used to build the quantum realm.

For example, this entire city wasn't built off wood, metal, or such elements...They somehow resemble them, but in reality, they were made out of quantum energy.

This energy was the building blocks used to construct the entire quantum realm structure.

Without it, there would be nothing but an infinite void without a single hard surface to stand on.

Just like everything else, it was created out of vibrational strings, which implied that the controllers of the vibrations were the controllers of the quantum realm.

That's why the Vibronix Empire was one of the top three strongest and greatest civilizations in the quantum realm.

"I was already planning on doing it." Felix approved of the suggestion with a wry smile, "Who would have known that my training in the spirit realm would have led me to use vibration element here?"

He always understood that learning the vibration element would come in handy sometime, but he didn't expect it to be like this.

He wasn't complaining at all.

"Still, I require more than that." Felix frowned, "My vibration manipulation is nowhere as good as the Vibronix or Uranus. So, if I end up against them down in the future, they will always have an edge over me even if the base strength was standardized."

"Well, you can use whatever was left of celestial energy within you." Lord Marduk soon shook his head, "But, without being able to harvest it again, it is a limited power spike."

"I am planning to save it for emergencies." Felix felt the same.

After he finished, no one else spoke. Everyone seemed to be deep in thought, trying to figure out a method to help out of his dilemma.

However, with Felix's void, fire, and seven sins laws sealed, it wasn't that easy.

"What about Zeus' and Poseidon's cores? Is it possible to ascend with them while sealed? If yes, will the chains extend their seal to them too, or not?" Lady Sphinx contemplated a bit out of the box with her suggestion.

"Hmmm? I think you are on to something." Felix held his chin with a hint of excitement in his eyes, "Since my ascensions function only because my seven hydra tails are considered separate entities. Then, if I ascended now, there might be a slim chance that the universe would not chain them too!"

"This will help me obtain water/lightning-related laws!"

"Is there even such a loophole?" Thor elevated an eyebrow in surprise.

"There is only one way to find out."