Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1719 The Third Ascension!

1719 The Third Ascension!

Without further ado, Felix went to the center of the room and sat on the floor with his legs crossed.

"Are you sure about this?"

Cyclope asked with a slightly concerned tone, knowing that Felix was already weakened to the limit and he shouldn't add more to his struggle.

"What choice do I have?" Felix shook his head.

He understood that his options were too limited. If he wanted to survive in the quantum realm without relying on Apollo's assistance, he had to do something to alter his current state.

"Fortunately, you possess two cores." Thor said, "You can test with one and leave the other."

Felix nodded in agreement as that was exactly what he planned to do...He chose to start with water and merge it with none other than the sin of envy.

In his eyes, water was fluid and adaptable, capable of taking the shape of its container, much like envy could shape a person's desires and emotions based on what others possess or achieve.

Just as water could erode even the hardest rock over time, envy could slowly corrode contentment and satisfaction, leading to destructive outcomes if not checked.

But first, he needed to create a safe environment.

'Let's see if I still got it.'

Felix closed his eyes as he poked his finger at nothingness in front of him.

However, a moment later, an invisible vibrational wave emerged and spread out across the entire room!

"It's really close to the spirit realm," Felix smiled in contentment. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

If this was his first time attempting to manipulate the vibration element, he would have spent weeks or even months to achieve the same result.

That's because the spirit realm relied on the sense of imagination coupled with a logical understanding to manipulate elements.

However, in the quantum realm, he was legit manipulating the vibrations...If he didn't have his training, he wouldn't know where to start.

'You will be even better if you had a teacher showing you the way.' J?rmungandr said.

'Well, this place is filled with great vibration manipulators.' Candace sighed, 'The only issue is that he might struggle convincing one of them to help him.'

Based on what everyone heard about the Vibronix race, they might be open-minded, intellectual, and somewhat peaceful, but deep down, they had a massive superiority complex.

They believed themselves to be the apex race in the quantum realm, above all, and below none.

Thus, even when Luminoans were one of the few races born with the ability to harness vibration too, Vibronix never considered them as equals or bothered to part ways of their teaching to them.

'I learned this much on my own and I will continue doing so.' Felix replied calmly, having no interest in begging anyone to teach him.

Gone were the days were he relied on people's assistance...Now, he would welcome anyone's help with open arms, but he would never lower his pride for it.

He was the embodiment of pride, how could he beg anyone for anything?

'I guess this is enough to conceal the noise.'

Felix remarked after establishing an invisible vibrational barrier that repelled and contained noise.

Then, with a deep breath, Felix summoned the dragonic hydra tail alone and made his intentions clear mentally to merge Posedion's core with the hydra tail.

Poseidon's core emerged outside of Asna's core and went straight for the heart connected to the hydra tail. It was none other than Kraken's main heart.

When they combined, the ascension started under the universe's command!

Roaar!!!

A bright blue light was released out of Felix's skin as the hydra-head started roaring while undergoing the ascension transformation.

Its glowing scales turned a richer shade of blue while its eyes resembled the ocean's depth.

As for its mouth, all of its teeth were gone and were replaced with two massive fangs resembling divine tridents.

Yet, the most unique change was the emergence of a long watery red aura around its head!

"Redwater? Is that blood?" Candace tilted her head in confusion.

"It's an expected result." Lady Sphinx explained, "In the quantum realm, there is no presence of water since it's smaller than its molecules. Thus, it must have extracted blood out of Felix, which was under the shrinking effect, as a replacement."

"Ah, it makes sense now." Candace raised an eyebrow in surprise.

When everything seemed in its standardized size, she kept forgetting that they were smaller than atoms and particles, which meant, water laws were nonexistent here.

Meanwhile,Felix experienced a strong shake from the change. It didn't hurt, but the massive amount of power going through him was too much, like trying to grab a storm.

It seemed like the universe wasn't too pleased with that kind of flowing new strength as it started tightening its celestial chains around Felix, choking the living daylight out of him!

"F*ck me..."

With a tongue out and a face as blue as his hydra's new scales, Felix could only curse in agony while trying his best to free the chains of his neck.

Alas, it was a futile attempt.

"Did it fail?" Lord Marduk asked with a deep frown.

As one of the primogenitors with the most knowledge about the universe's loopholes, he truly considered that this experiment would work in Felix's favor.

After all, the universe had no consciousness to differentiate between Felix and his hydra tails even when they share the same body.

If it couldn't do this, then, technically, it ought to not punish Felix over the ascension of a new tail since it was considered a singular entity.

"It's too soon to tell." Lady Sphinx replied with a thoughtful look, "He might be suffering from the punishment of obtaining the enhancement strength of the ascension."

"I think the same." Elder Kraken nodded in support, "While the laws are considered a main part of the hydra tail and Felix was simply tapping into them, the strength enhancement was related to him primarily...Thus, he can't escape from the punishment."

"Come on, Felix, you must survive through the ascension and the chains shall leave!" Candace encouraged with a hopeful tone as she watched Felix accept his fate.

"Argh..."

He stopped fighting them and kneeled on the floor, taking profound breaths once in a while with great difficulty.

Pain was Felix's childhood friend, accompanying him in every step of his life. Yet, even if he combined everything he experienced before, it would still not be close to this hellish agony!

He experienced like his soul was being ripped apart slowly and then healed, to repeat the process again and again.

Still, this was not even close to killing him or making him pass out...He had been through too much bullsh*t to fall under the universe's might.

With determination and resolve that could move mountains, Felix remained awake with bloodshot eyes until the ascension's enhancement boost ended.

The moment it was done, Poseidon's core settled neatly in its new home, Kraken's heart!

Cling Cling!!

The celestial chains broke into light particles after one last tight grasp that stole Felix's breath away, seemingly warning him not to pull such crap again.

Huff! Huff!

While there was no oxygen to breathe in the quantum realm, Felix was still left huffing for breath, taking in invisible quantum energy and releasing it out again.

"Motherf*cker...Does pain follow me wherever I go?" Felix cursed with a hateful expression as he lay on his back, his chest rising up and down.

"I have to say, you must be the first person to experience pain in almost all realms in the universe." Lord Loki joked in amusement.

The others followed suit with faint chuckles.

"It's not funny," Felix complained with an irritated expression as he tried his best to stand back on his feet again.