Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1720 A Long Waited Message.

1720 A Long Waited Message.

"Check if it worked." Lady Sphinx said.

"Give me a moment to catch my breath," Felix said with a look of dread, knowing that if he tried to test it now and it was a failure, he would go through the same agony.

So, he cleaned himself and sat down for a couple of minutes of meditation. While he doing this, he checked on his new enhancements.

"Mmmm, I can't get a good reading in here."

With force being standardized across the board, even when he felt like his body had improved, he couldn't really find out by how much.

Knowing that he couldn't do much about it, Felix left it for later and moved on to the main event.

With a deep nervous breath, Felix extended his palm forward and tried to conjure a concentrated blood hammer.

Before anyone could react, Felix's palm started sweating blood drops from the pores and they gathered at one point until a minimized version of the divine hammer manifested.

Silence prevailed for a second as Felix's eyes kept jumping from one corner to another, seemingly waiting for the chains to emerge and shackle his ass.

But soon, a grin emerged on his lips after nothing disturbed the silence.

"Hehehehehe, it actually worked."

Felix's grin got wider while manipulating the blood hammer to change shapes without any consequences.

"God bless the universe's retardedness." Thor laughed in delight.

"Does this mean you can use water/ice/fog/blood and any liquid-related law freely?" Candace said with an astonished tone.

"In matter universe, absolutely, but here?" Felix replied, "Before I learn how to manipulate the quantum realm, I can only utilize the liquid aspects of my body."

"Since blood is the dominant aspect, you will most likely become a blood bender." Fenrir sneered, "Who would have known, there is no escaping from that bastard Manananggal's blood manipulation."

"Blood bending, I can work with this, but not too much." Felix narrowed his eyes, "Not a single creature in the quantum realm has a drop of blood in them. While I can fool everyone and make them believe it's a new kind of liquid energy, Uranus, Eris, and the others will most definitely recognize it."

As mentioned before, the entire structure of the quantum realm was based on quantum energy that could be manipulated to be turned into almost anything.

Thus, other creatures could possess some kind of 'blood' liquid within them, but it wouldn't be considered as blood in the general sense.

It acted and resembled liquid, but it was still considered a quantum liquid and behaved as such.

Just like the concept of electricity might not directly apply due to the fundamental differences in physical laws at such tiny scales.

The quantum realm was governed by quantum mechanics, where the behavior of particles and forces could be very different from classical physics.

Electricity in the macroscopic world was the flow of electrons, which were subatomic particles.

At the quantum level, electrons still existed. However, the way electricity behaved, like current flowing through a wire, didn't exactly fit.

On the other hand, quantum effects like superposition and entanglement could lead to phenomena that might be thought of as 'quantum electricity' in a loose sense, but these would be fundamentally different from classical electricity. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

This was how Zeus was able to create the ability Quantum Storm, which relies on this principle to create a superposition electrical storm capable of striking even within targets!

All in all, the quantum realm was a place of total mayhem, but there was a sense of order and logic in how life could exist and be supported.

The key to this order was quantum energy.

"Indeed, you can't rely on your blood too much. Thou have to master quantum energy manipulation, so you can turn this energy into quantum liquid, quantum electricity, and whatnot, which in turn, would provide you with at least 50% of the law's potential." Lady Sphinx disclosed.

"I understand." Felix nodded while canceling the blood hammer and returning his blood inside.

"How about Zeus' core?" Candace inquired, "Will you ascend again now?"

"Hell no." Felix shivered, "I need some time to prepare mentally again now I know what awaits me. Plus, I am certain the universe is going to double down on the punishment to stop me from going against its orders."

The universe's orders were clear, he must not use his laws until the duration of the punishment ends..Each time he broke the order, the universe doubled down on its punishment.

So, Felix decided to chill in his room for the next few days and get accustomed to blood-bending, vibration manipulation, and maybe even give creating quantum energy a try.

Though, he was certain he was going to fail as he had no clue how to pull it off.

...

Meanwhile, in the consciousness space, everyone returned to their matters, some started reading books, some played chess, some conversed intelligently, and some were just an absolute menace to the others, (Thor and Loki).

"What's up with you?"

Thor arched an eyebrow as he noticed Loki halt mid-antagonization of Lord Shiva, and gaze into the distance absentmindedly.

"Ah, nothing, just thought of something." Lord Loki broke out of his daze at Thor's voice and started staring at Lord Shiva with the same mischievous look.

However, at the depths, a hint of seriousness was buried...

Thor believed him and started discussing a new method to screw with Lord Shiva to get rid of some boredom.

But, Lord Loki's main focus had already switched to his real body, which was next to Queen Ai's main operating system at the depth of the Metal Race galaxy...

He switched because he received a message from Queen Ai, a message he had been waiting for ever since he created the UVR and Queen Ai...

"The goal has been reached; 57 worth of data has been absorbed. The spiritual level is now equal to a unigin at peak strength based on the data provided." Queen Ai announced monotonously, "Ready for the next step, awaiting orders."

In the creepy glow of a sophisticated laboratory, Loki, with his captivating female form, stood before a medical pod unlike any other.

Inside, a vast, silver brain floated in a bath of iridescent green liquid, a complex network of tubes feeding into it, each pulsing with unseen energy.

He gazed at it, his expression unreadable, lost in thought.

Finally, breaking the silence with his soft, commanding voice, he murmured, "Hold the next step...A new source of boundless data has emerged."

"Understood." Queen Ai agreed without questions asked.

Lord Loki sat on the closest chair and with a deep sigh, he closed his eyes and rubbed his eyelids in exhaustion.

'After witnessing the events in the dream realm, it's clear I am far from my envisioned target. I need to feed the Queen with more data, much, much more...Otherwise, all of this work, all of this effort would go to waste.'

As he stared at the ceiling, his words lingered in the air, leaving a sense of madness hidden in his gaze.

For whom that gaze was directed, one could only connect the dots on his own.

But one thing was for certain, there was much more behind Lord Loki's facade of playfulness and childishness...