Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1723 The Echoing Tower. II

﻿﻿1723 The Echoing Tower. II

Sometime later, inside Felix's new room...

"Care to explain?" Felix asked with a hint of displeasure in his voice.

He didn't like having Apollo make decisions without counseling him first. Especially, when those decisions were related to a life and death situations.

"You should be thanking me, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to help you get rid of the celestial chains much faster," Apollo replied lazily while lying on his side and eating grapes, piece by piece.

"I will thank you if you explain the situation." Felix's eyelids twitched.

"I guess it's only right you learn about what awaits you."

"You think?"

"Don't patronize me now."

Apollo gave him a bombastic side eye before fixing his posture. The moment he sat straight, his expression turned serious.

"The Echoing Tower, Ah, it's a place in the quantum realm beyond ordinary, which defies the very fabric of reality as we know it."

Felix shifted closer in intrigue. "How so?"

"It's called a tower, but in reality, it's being referred to as such merely due to its cylinder-tall-like appearence." Apollo shared, "It is believed to be built around the heart of the first quantum creature to ever exist. When it died, that extraordinary heart remained beating for eternity."

"What about the Stone of Reality? Is it the heart you mentioned? Why is there a tower around it?" Felix raised an eyebrow, his confusion growing more.

"Yep," Apollo nodded. "The heart has been called the Stone of Reality due to its powerful presence capable of altering the reality around it after each heartbeat. Laws, rules, and even the principles of the universe began to crumble in its vicinity...The quantum realm itself starts to morph, creating illogical changes and lawless alterations."

"My idiotic counterpart even believes that the universe's authority is subjected to alteration."

"Doesn't that mean if I managed to get close to this stone of reality, there is a possibility of getting rid of the celestial chains once and for all without serving the punishment period? That sounds too unrealistic to be true..." Felix commented with a deep frown.

If there was one thing Felix was certain about, it would be the universe's rules and laws being constant across its entire existence.

Even in the quantum realm, where most of the universe's laws didn't exist, there was a sense of order and logical reasoning that maintained it.

But, to have an object capable of breaking the universe's rules to this degree? It was hard to believe as not even the three rulers could pull it off.

"Of course, this is all a mere theory and nothing has been tested." Apollo shrugged, "After all, no one had yet to get even past the tenth floor, don't even mention reaching the ground floor."

"I see." Felix nodded and fired a bunch of questions, "What about the tower, floors, and such? How can there be one hundred floors? What's making the tower too dangerous to explore?"

"It's not certain, but it is believed that to prevent these alterations from spreading further, the quantum realm itself began constructing the tower, layer by layer, floor by floor, encapsulating the stone and its chaotic influence. What started as a single floor has now grown to over a hundred over the past eons."

Apollo continued with a solemn tone after taking a breath.

"As for the dangers? Each floor has become a separate dimension with its reality, rules, and laws. Some were peaceful and some would make even unigins fear for their lives since they might land in a dimension with their entire law erased. As the embodiment of said law, their existence would be deleted too the instant they step foot inside the dimension."

"The f*ck? Is he being for real?" Thor exclaimed in shock and dread.

"He doesn't seem to be joking." Lady Sphinx narrowed her eyes.

The rest of the tenants all felt their hearts skip a beat in fear at the notion of being deleted at the first step...If even unigins couldn't escape from said fate, how could anyone dare to mess with this tower?

Of course, the unigin cores would be reborn again in the eternal kingdom from the universal's heart, but still, for an object to have such an insane authority over the universe's laws was too hard to ignore.

"And you think I should enter this tower in my condition? Do I look like I am courting death?" Felix asked with a speechless look.

After becoming a unigin, there weren't many things that scared him. But this? He had heard enough about this tower to understand that it was bad news.

Anything that stripped unigins of their authority must not be treated lightly as it was the same as dealing with the universe itself!

"Don't worry, we won't leave the first upper floors." Apollo assured him, "All we desire from the tower is the accelerated time difference and we are bound to land on a floor with said quality in the upper floors due to its commonality."

Felix pondered the idea, the weight of the decision evident in his gaze. "I know my sh*tty luck, nothing ever goes my way in such situations..."

Apollo grinned, the excitement undeniable in his expression. "But think of the adventure, Felix. The Echoing Tower isn't just a place; it's a challenge, a puzzle to be unraveled. And who knows, we might just find something that could help you save Asna."

"After all, the tower alters reality to illogical degrees and it might give birth to something that shouldn't be possible to exist in our universe."

"..."

As Felix absorbed Apollo's words, he couldn't deny the attraction of such an opportunity.

While The Echoing Tower was filled with unknown dangers, it was also packed with unknown rewards, and if it wasn't for such, the quantum realm's nations would have long stopped sending their troops in it.

The stone of reality was nothing but the final and ultimate treasure, but in reality, everyone knew it was nearly impossible to obtain it and they were comfortable enough to get some other goodies if they got lucky.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

'The heart of the first ancient quantum being...How true is this statement? How come its heart is capable of overruling the universe's ultimate authority? Does it belong to the first entity to be born in the universe? Is it the heart of the universe? But, it can't be, since the universe's heart already exists in the eternal kingdom.'

Felix was left deep in his thoughts.

He understood that something wasn't adding up. Either the stone of reality wasn't the heart of a creature and it might be a mere anomaly in the fabric of the cosmos, or there was more to the grand picture than he had predicted.

"I wonder, how come the three rulers have never made a move to collect this stone?" Felix inquired.

"Are you kidding me? They have left no stone unturned." Apollo shook his head, "They sent a squad of Ares, Eris, Uranus, and even Lilith to collect it billions of years ago to no avail. This happened before Lilith got banished and while the tower measly had ten floors."

When they heard this, Felix and the tenants sucked a deep cold breath in shock.

"Such a stacked-up squad failed to collect it? Are you being for real?"

No one anticipated him as the implication was simply too mindblowing!

Those four were the strongest unigins to exist in the universe without mentioning Lord Hades and Kronos.

For them to return empty-handed changed their whole perspective on the tower's true danger!!

"You know nothing, some of them hardly managed to leave out of there alive." Apollo raised an eyebrow, "I am shocked Lilith hasn't told you about this, given that she was the closest one to touch the stone."

When Felix and the rest heard this, they all turned to stare at Lilith who was sunbathing lazily near the pool with an icy drink in her hand.

"..."

"..."

"..."

The image of Lilith being a badass was really too difficult for them to imagine when she spent most of her time lazing around akin to a house cat.