Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1724 The Echoing Tower. III

1724 The Echoing Tower. III

She lowered her sunglasses and gave them a side glance. "Whatchu looking at? Have you never seen before a sunbathing beauty?"

Everyone withheld their gazes without bothering to respond. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"She always withholds such key information and even when she shares some, she does it for the sake of manipulation." Felix's eyelids twitched, "So, even if she told me, there is no way I am trusting a single word coming from her lying mouth."

"Haha, I can see her bullshiting most of the story to screw with you." Apollo chuckled, knowing that Lilith was always an untrustful vixen.

"How crude, I have always been nothing but an honest and upright citizen," Lilith remarked with a displeased tone.

The tenants rolled their eyes and continued ignoring her.

"I don't know, the more I hear about this place, the more chills I feel....But," Felix said with a solemn tone, "As you said, we need to do something to get rid of the celestial chains and if this is the current best method, there is not much of a choice."

"Don't worry, the surface levels are almost always peaceful since the reality's alternation and disruptions are still at a minimum." Apollo waved his hand comfortably, "The lower you get, the harder a floor becomes inhabitable."

"Alright, as long as we remain at the surface level, I am cool with it." Felix decided at last.

While the mentioned dangers made his skin curl a bit, he had to do something about the celestial chains.

In his eyes, there was no way Uranus, Eris, and the rest wouldn't be able to locate him after more than twelve million years unless he dug a hole deep within and slept in it.

Apollo's alter ego would not allow him to do this since it would give Felix the freedom to decide whether to help them or not.

While Apollo believed in Felix's nature to return favors, his alter ego had no interest in putting his hopes in Felix's character...Especially, when he was the paragon of sins.

"Good call, we will be heading to the designated location for the mercenaries test next week." Apollo warned, "Make sure you are prepared. As Zephyr said, the competition to join the escort group is heated this time around after the mercenaries discovered that the Vibrnoxian squads would not go deeper into the tower."

While Apollo had assumed that the Vibronixian royal family still desired to obtain the stone of reality like the public was told, in reality, they planned on remaining in the top ten floors and seeking some treasures born out of the disturbances.

In this manner, the Vibrnoxians would save their face water while earning some rewards at minimum risks.

When this news reached the high-ranked mercenaries, they all wanted a piece of the pie.

"Don't worry, I might not be able to face unigins, but I haven't fallen to the point I can't deal with some mercenaries," Felix remarked indifferently.

Seeing the cold stare on Felix's face made Apollo feel excited and bubbly inside.

"Ahh, why do I feel like I am joining a Supremacy Game with the real Landlord? This is a dream come true." He said with glittering eyes.

Felix rolled his eyes at his antics and departed the room, not wanting to deal with him when he was in his 'superfan' mode.

"Landlord! I will be your greatest sidekick! You hear..."

Before Apollo could finish his shouting, he received a sudden message from Zephyr that turned his expression cold all of a sudden.

'I have picked up a piece of news about a tall elderly man with a white beard and star-like eyes entering the city...Weird, he doesn't resemble any race I know.'

'Thanks for the heads-up.' Apollo requested, 'If he ever came to the brothel asking for us, send him away. He won't dare give you trouble right under the Quantix Prime.'

'Well of course, who dares make trouble under the ruler of the empire?' Zephyr sneered.

'Also, keep updating us about his location.'

'Aight.'

Apollo offered him his thanks and promised him a generous payment after they left the brothel in a week.

Then, he reached out to Felix and told him to swiftly return to the room. After Felix picked up on Apollo's solemn tone, he understood that something big must have happened.

The moment he closed the door behind him, Apollo shared, "Uranus is in the city."

A voluntary chill coursed down Felix's spine before it was replaced with a boiling fire flowing through his veins.

He was enraged after recalling the humiliating treatment he received under Uranus. Not even the third ruler treated him in that shameful manner.

The fact that it could have gotten a hundred times worse if he hadn't been saved by Apollo or his self-explosion failed made him angrier.

However, he took a deep breath and pushed those feelings away, not allowing his wrath to take control of him.

Then, he lifted his head and offered Apollo a knowing gaze.

"You know what to do."

"Likewise."

...

Meanwhile, Uranus could be seen walking through Quantaar City...His face was all sober, making people get out of his way the moment they saw him coming.

He was like a storm cloud moving down the street, and everyone just knew to stay clear.

He stretched out his senses, trying to catch any hint of them by feeling out their special frequencies.

In this universe, every creature, object, or even celestial object has a unique frequency separating them from the rest.

Uranus had already analyzed Felix's and Apollo's frequencies during his contact with them.

This meant, there was no way they would be able to escape from his senses if they resided in the city.

Alas, the results weren't as promising as he had anticipated. No matter how hard he focused, no one and nothing matched their frequencies.

'Are those rats hiding in here? Or my senses are being jammed up by the frequencies hub?' He frowned in irritation.

Even though he was the unigin of frequencies, it wasn't easy to separate two unique frequencies from a city that was entirely based around vibrations.

It was like trying to look for a specific needle in a mountain of needles...It would take way too much time and concentration.

So, he decided to get closer to the probable areas where those two might be hiding.

'Apollo might be shrewd and tries to use reverse psychology and hide in the most probable place, believing that we might ignore it.'

Thinking hard, Uranus figured if there was any place those two might show up, it'd be the red district.

As he entered the red district, the vibe changed. The air was thicker, filled with laughter, music, and the buzz of a thousand conversations.

But Uranus didn't care for any of that. His only focus was finding those two, scanning faces, and tuning into the energy of the place, all while his presence made a silent statement that had everyone giving him space.

Even the boldest escort didn't dare to whistle or catcall him.

He proceeded from one spot to another, visiting a brothel after the other.

Yet, with each passing moment and no sign of Felix or Apollo, his annoyance grew.

This was turning into a needle-in-a-haystack situation, and Uranus was not known for his patience.

'Was I correct and those two bastards decided to hide away from the major empires?' He uttered as he maintained turning his head around, feeling a bit lost.