Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1725 A Close Call.

1725 A Close Call.

While Uranus believed that the frequencies hub was messing with his senses, in reality, Felix and Apollo had already devised a flawless method to remain hidden.

At the moment, they were holed up in their brothel room while Felix had an intense look on his face.

He concentrated on messing with their vibration, making their unique frequencies go all wonky and untraceable!

With his current level of vibration understanding, this was nothing to him.

Meanwhile, Apollo was using his darkness laws to put an invisibility veil on them that was powerful enough to avoid even the three rulers' detection skills in the matter universe.

With those two abilities combined, Felix and Apollo could be said to have absolutely no presence in the quantum realm!

Perfect invisibility!

'Zephyr, how is it going?' Apollo inquired, not daring to release his senses to check on Uranus' location, knowing that it might expose them.

'He is checking a building by building.' Zephyr replied, 'He will be arriving soon at my place.'

'Just act normal then and treat him like a potential client.' Apollo requested.

'Anything for my favorite customer.' Zephyr assured with a cold smirk.

In his eyes, Apollo was the golden-egg laying goose and he would do anything to protect him. Just in his short stay here, he had squandered more than what five hundred clients would pay.

Thus, even when he had no idea about the details of the situation, he had no interest in letting him get caught.

After a short while, Uranus strolled into Zephyr's brothel with a stormy expression, his gaze sweeping over the lavish interior.

Zephyr rushed forward with a greasy smile plastered on his face.

"Welcome, welcome! To the finest pleasures in Quantaar City," Zephyr announced, gesturing grandly toward his variety of escorts. "May I interest you in some company? We have the best selection of girls and boys, each more exquisite than the last."

Uranus barely glanced at the offerings, his impatience noticeable at first glance.

"I'm not here for entertainment," He stated coldly, cutting Zephyr off mid-sentence. "I'm looking for two individuals. Perhaps you've seen them?"

He showed him a picture of Felix and Apollo even though he knew deep down that those two would have already changed their appearance.

Zephyr leaned closer to the picture and then shook his head. "Ah, I'm afraid I can't help you."

Uranus ignored him and continued expanding his senses across the brothel, making him see everything within it...Even the customers doing the deeds weren't spared.

'Hmm?'

Suddenly, his eyes landed on an empty room that seemed pretty damaged and was being repaired by two workers.

'What do we have here?' Uranus narrowed his eyes coldly as he surveyed the chamber from corner to corner.

However, the results were unsatisfactory as his senses didn't pick on anything related to Felix or Apollo in the room.

Even the destruction seemed to result from a small explosion.

Felix wasn't an idiot to leave behind a residue of his evil energy or even signs of corruption. He made sure to destroy the room completely to remove any connection. Since he was paying for the full damage with some extra Liras, Zephyr allowed him to do as he pleased.

"What happened in chamber number twenty-four?" Uranus asked coldly.

"room number twenty-fou...you? How do you know about its state?" Zephyr acted shocked, his reaction was as genuine as it could get.

For a shrewd creature that lived for god knows how long, he had already mastered his emotions and behavior to the point, that not even a unigin could get a good reading out of him.

"Answer the question."

Uranus released a bit of his vibrational aura, causing Zephyr to feel like he would get ripped apart at any given second.

However, instead of being afraid, Zephyr's expression turned furious, and shouted out loud, "How dare a mere foreigner threaten me! I have already alerted the authorities, I challenge you to stay here!"

When the people outside heard Zephyr's bellow, everyone was left with surprised and curious expressions.

"Is there someone stupid enough to make trouble for Zephyr?"

"Who is seeking death this early in the morning?"

"Sweet, it's been a while since I have seen the enforcers in action."

Upon listening to the noise outside of the gathered crowd, Uranus' irritation kept structure up. He lowered his head at the tiny Zephyr and didn't see an ounce of fear in his eyes.

This made him understand that he wouldn't be getting his answer...So, he smacked him to the side and walked deeper into the brothel on his own, heading towards the destroyed room.

"Stay right there, you bastard!"

Zephyr cursed angrily while massaging his reddened cheek. He should feel glad the tingling pain was the only sensation resulting from the slap.

If it wasn't for the standardized force across the quantum realm, that slap would have leveled the entire city!

'Boys, the bearded geezer is heading towards Gonn's old room.' He alerted. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Apollo immediately queried Felix with a deep frown, 'Did you leave anything behind that might give us away?'

'No, we good.' Felix assured.

He truly didn't drop the ball as Uranus had found nothing connected to them in the chamber even when he surveyed the smallest pieces around.

The whole destruction screamed of an explosion and this made Uranus assume that a confrontation might have arisen between a customer and an escort.

After all, he knew that almost everyone in the quantum realm had enough strength to defend themselves. There was no such thing as a mere 'commoner'.

So, after he was done with his search, he turned around and walked away, his loud steps resounding thunderously in Felix's and Apollo's ears.

"He is right here! Catch him!"

Meanwhile, Zephyr was already bringing a dozen enforcers inside his establishment, having no interest in letting go of this matter. He was slapped before the public and this damaged his reputation greatly.

Alas, Uranus wasn't in the mood to entertain anyone. With one last glance behind him, he broke into vibrational waves and disappeared out of the brothel before the enforcers could get him.

The enforcers glanced at each other with a hint of shock after witnessing his escape method.

"Vibrational transmutation...Is he someone from the royal family in disguise?" One of the enforcers mumured.

Their reaction was understandable as it was a known fact that only the royal family and their subordinates could break into vibrational waves!

It wasn't because of the difficulty. It was considered a unique ability for the royal entourage because one needed to have control over quantum energy to ensure a normal return after transmutation ended.

Since everyone and everything was created out of quantum energy, breaking into vibration waves was easy, but recovering their natural form required the creation of their forms again.

Thus, to see Uranus use this ability made them assume that he was either suicidal or part of the royal family.

The latter made the most sense.

'Don't call us if he were to return. This is way above our salary." The enforcers' captain warned Zephyr before taking off with his squad.

Even Zephyr was left surprised by the whole matter and felt like those two were going to put him in a mess, no money would be worth receiving for.

In the Vibronix Empire, the royal family was beyond reproach.