Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1726 The Commander of The Vibrational Guards.

1726 The Commander of The Vibrational Guards.

Sometime later...

Felix and Apollo were still hiding in the dark in utter silence. They had told Zephyr to not contact them even after Uranus had left the brothel since he could tap into their private conversation within the frequencies hub.

He might not have bothered to do it before, but after he discovered that suspiciously destroyed room, he might give it a try just to make sure.

Thus, throughout the whole week, they remained completely silent, occasionally communicating telepathically even after Zephyr had given them a clue that Uranus was no longer seen in the city's vicinity.

'The mercenary's trial is about to start in a couple of hours.' Apollo broke the silence at last. 'We have to get going now.'

'I don't know, I have a feeling that Uranus is still somewhere in the city.' Felix replied telepathically.

'It can't be, the Vibronix empire is massive and it has millions of cities and towns in its territory.' Apollo shook his head, 'With such negative results for an entire week and his impatient personality, he should have taken off for another city.'

'Only after he clears all the cities would he decide to stick around longer in the capital.'

Apollo was correct in his assumption.

If Uranus was already somehow convinced that Apollo and Felix would bother to come here, he might have given the search a bit more investment even when it came back empty-handed.

But since this was Eris' idea from the get-go and he believed that those two would have hidden in an unfamiliar low-key nation, he wanted nothing more but to finish his search and prove Eris wrong.

'Still, let's keep using our abilities until we arrive at the royal guards training grounds.' Felix stressed, still not convinced.

'As you wish.' Apollo shrugged his shoulders at Felix's cautiousness and controlled his darkness laws to move within the dark spaces.

Since both of them were technically still attached to a surface throughout the whole ordeal, the Quantaar didn't give them a hard time.

After notifying Zephyr about their departure, they took off toward the majestic palace in the distance, taking advantage of the shadows of vehicles, pedestrians, buildings, and whatnot.

As long as there was light available, shadows would always tag along.

In this sneaky manner, they arrived at last at the royal guards' training ground, the chosen area for the mercenaries' trials.

If it was up to them, they would have ignored joining the Vibronxian squads and headed to the Echoing Tower on their own.

However, there were a couple of hiccups.

The first one was the location.

The Echoing Tower's location was constantly changing with each emerging floor as it was capable of moving through spacetime easily.

Thus, sometimes, no one would find it even after billions of years, and by then, they found out that the tower had already added a couple of floors.

If Felix and Apollo wanted to follow the Vibronxian squads to the location, it would be nearly impossible since they were capable of altering the reality around them through quantum energy.

With such powers, no one could find them unless they allowed it.

The second hiccup was that the entrance to the Echoing Tower opened up for a short period and there would be thousands of the strongest beings in the quantum realm gathered around it, waiting patiently.

To maintain order and avoid preventing any rats from sneaking inside, all the quantum nations had placed a collective decision to stop individual participants.

This forced the mercenaries to seek out escorting the nations' troops to obtain an entrance badge...Otherwise, if they got caught without it, all the troops would turn on them and this would represent the nations' stance as well.

In other words, blacklisted for life from any nation.

While Felix and Apollo couldn't care less about this, the location problem was something unavoidable.

Thus, to avoid unnecessary trouble, they felt it was less complicated to be mercenary escorts...And when they got inside, they might ditch them straightaway and carry on with their true purpose.

...

Sometime later...

Felix and Apollo could be seen standing shoulder-to-shoulder at the training grounds.

It was a vast expanse of meticulously maintained arenas and dangerous obstacle courses, all designed to test the mettle of those who wished to serve as mercenaries under the Vibronix flag.

Around them, there existed hundreds of mercenaries roaming the place...Their postures range from confidently relaxed to nervously tense.

While Felix seemed quite relaxed and unbothered, his senses and guard were sharpened to the limit.

'Will you relax? Uranus is gone, he must have taken a portal to another city by now.' Apollo rolled his eyes at Felix's over-the-top wariness.

'You could never tell.' Felix replied with a serious tone, 'Unless I receive confirmed information, I won't lower my guard for a moment.'

'You do you I guess.'

Apollo left him at peace and started sweeping his eyes on the mercenaries, desiring to find fresh pieces of meat to indulge in.

His creepy gaze hadn't gone unnoticed as most females and even males felt shivers course down their spine like they existed pried on by a predator.

"What a creep."

"His handsomeness is wasted on him."

"Can't he hide his intentions a little?"

Some ignored him and some gave him cold glares. But, that didn't stop him. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"There are sure some feisty ones, don't you thi..."

Apollo was forced to stop speaking after turning to the side and seeing that Felix was no longer beside him...His eyelids twitched after noticing that he moved tens of meters away, seemingly having no intentions of receiving addressed in the same breath as him.

"He will come around sooner or later."

Apollo chuckled while switching his attention to an approaching figure from the main gates of the training grounds.

"What a cutie..."

He licked his lips after realizing that the figure was a female clad in shimmering silver armor that reflected the light in blinding arcs.

To her side, a dozen Vibrnoxians walked a step behind her, their confident strides and expressionless faces made everyone recognize them to be the chosen Vibronxian elites.

On her head rested a helmet, obscuring her identity, exposing only her breathtaking eyes. But didn't last for long.

With a fluid motion, the figure reached up and removed her helmet, revealing her face to the assembled crowd.

"Huh?!! The Commander of the Vibrational Guards, Bia?!"

"Don't know me she is the one presiding over this mission?!"

"This is receiving serious...For the commander to lead the mission, it means the royal family might have some alternative motives than collecting a few treasures."

Gasps and murmurs of surprise rippled through the mercenaries as they recognized the woman before them.

It was none other than Bia, known for her unparalleled mastery over the law of vibration and her storied history as a warrior and leader.

Bia's silvery hair flowed down her shoulders, framing a face that exuded timeless beauty and wisdom of ages. Her eyes, piercing and full of power, scanned the crowd, commanding silence and respect with a mere glance.

The shock of her appearance was discernible among the mercenaries. Many had heard legends of Commander Bia but never expected to see her in person, let alone lead the selection process for the squads heading to the Echoing Tower.

Whispers of awe and reverence spread like wildfire, and all eyes remained fixed on Commander Bia as she prepared to address the crowd.

Meanwhile, while Felix was demonstrating the same shocked reaction as his peers, in reality, it stemmed from a different origin.

'Are my eyes playing a trick on me or is that, Bia? The Vibration Primogenitor??!' Lord Loki exclaimed with widened eyes in disbelief.

An expression that was shared by most of the tenants as none of them dared to believe what their eyes existed feeding them.

Who could blame them? Goddess Bia, the vibration primogenitor was proclaimed dead given that the dawn of time!!