Chapter 1727 The Most Straightforward Trial!

1727 The Most Straightforward Trial!

"How?!! Wasn't she proclaimed dead by Lord Osiris?!" Cyclope's massive single eye widened to the limit as he gazed at the vibration primogenitor.

Even though most of the primogenitors weren't even born yet when primogenitor Bia had disappeared, all of them believed that she had died since her death string had been cut off.

This was confirmed news by Lord Osiris, the primogenitor of Death.

"I always knew there was something fishy about her disappearance." Lady Sphinx remarked with a solemn tone, "If she was any primogenitor, I would understand her early death, but as the controller of vibration, it shouldn't have been possible for anything to take her down."

"Suicide is out of the picture when her disappearance occurred at the very beginning of time." Thor added.

The rest of the tenants all felt the same. In their eyes, her death was considered one of the many mysteries in the universe and it always bothered them.

They knew that many primogenitors ended up dead in their early days due to their strength and intelligence still being in their infancy stages.

However, as one of the first ever born primogenitors, accompanying Lord Zurvan, Lord Osiris, and the rest of the lords, her death should have been near impossible.

Alas, a confirmation from Lord Osiris was a death sentence.

"Was she living here all that time? What drove her to do this? How can she still be alive when her death string was cut off? Does being in the quantum realm affect one's life/death status in the matter universe? How come she is the commander of the royal guards? Isn't she considered a foreigner?"

A barrage of questions left Thor's mouth as he tried his best to make sense of the situation. Alas, the primogenitor Bia was the only one capable of answering such questions.

At the moment, she was too busy with addressing the mercenaries. Her voice was clear and commanding, echoing through the training grounds.

"I prefer simplicity and clarity in all matters," She uttered, her gaze sweeping across the faces before her. "Currently, the royal family is seeking ten warriors to embark on a mission of great importance. The selection process will be direct and to the point."

Even her voice matched the primogenitor of vibration...They knew this because Lord Osiris had shown them her appearance and voice before her disappearance.

"Your task is straightforward...Demonstrate your strength and abilities by facing my second in command, Dankin. Those who manage to touch him will be selected immediately. The rest will be judged based on the overall merit of their performance."

As she spoke, Dankin stepped forward, his indifferent eyes scanning the crowd with an unbothered glint.

He was releasing silver-colored visible vibrations from his armor, which entailed his status of being below only the royal family.

Without a word spoken, he took a step forward and fazed out of existence. When he emerged, he was already standing in the center of the largest arena in the training ground.

Suddenly, a small figure stepped forward from the crowd, barely reaching the knees of the surrounding mercenaries.

His translucent body shimmered with shades of red and blue, illuminated from within by bioluminescent light that pulsed gently.

"So, who among us will take the first step against Dankin?" He said, his voice as high-pitched as a dog's whistle.

Yet, despite his diminutive size and funny voice, no one dared to mock or disrespect him. That's because he was of the elusive and powerful race, The Dimensional Planktons.

This race was quite dreaded in the quantum realm due to its ability to sense quantum fluctuations and manipulate space.

But, most importantly, he was respected because he was Plix, the leader of the infamous high-ranked mercenary squad called The Quantum Divers. His entire squad was here with him, having his back.

"Didn't you listen?" Dankin was the one answering him with a nonchalant voice, "Our commander likes to keep things simple and straightforward."

Without needing to say much, everyone narrowed their eyes coldly after realizing that the commander desired them to come all at once to Dankin!

There were hundreds of them filling the place...Yet, the passing condition was merely touching Dankin once!

"Dankin, we have heard about your legendary stories and legacies." Plix remarked with a hint of threat in his voice, "Still, are you sure you want all of us to come at once?"

Dankin gestured provocatively for them to come with his index finger, his expression remained unchanged.

The mercenaries gazed at each other in silence, seemingly hesitant to be the first to make a move.

Although there were hundreds of them, they recognized that their chances of defeating Dankin were slim to none.

As the right arm to the commander, he was well-known across the empire with his own legendary stories. He fought against an army of Chaosians tow to tow and survived to tell the tale.

Thus, even when the condition was merely touching him, everyone decided to play it safe and wait for their peers to weaken him and hopefully result in an opening in his defenses. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Just like that, one man stood with a straight back while surrounded by hundreds of mercenaries for more than half a minute, no one daring to take a step forward.

"By the way, you have five minutes." Commander Bia pressured them with a firm tone.

From her voice alone, everyone understood that if the duration ended and no one made a move, she might not bother to pick anyone for the mission.

After all, those mercenaries were nothing but extra assistance or one could say cannon fodders, not an important asset.

"Boys, let's show them how it's done," Plix uttered coldly, his high-pitched voice, making him seem more adorable than threatening.

His squad stepped forward without an ounce of hesitation...It consisted of three additional members.

Syla, a female Vibronixian with blue hair and eyes sparkling with an intensity that matched her vibrant aura.

Next to her stood a tall and lean Chronophage male who bore a serene expression...His skin had a unique gauzy quality, through which one could see the faint ticking of countless tiny clocks, his essence a literal embodiment of time!

His name was Chronos and belonged to the mysterious tribe of Chronophages. A small tribe that was under the protection of the vibronix empire.

They might be protected, but this didn't take away from their strength as they were one of the few races capable of bending time in the quantum realm!

Lastly, there stood Fonna, a male Luminoan whose long, luminous purple and white hair flowed down his back, lighting up the space around him.

He resembled Felix greatly besides the shape of his tattoos and the color scheme of his hair and eyes.

Obiviously, they weren't the only Luminoans in the area as there were tens of them, which almost made Felix seem invisible.

Together, the Quantum Divers approached Dankir, a confident stride in their steps.

The squad positioned themselves around Dankir in a square formation.

The rest of the mercenaries remained in their positions, but their senses were sharpened to the limit, planning to strike at the first opportunity.

Slam!!