Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1728 Dankin, The Invincible!

1728 Dankin, The Invincible!

Chronos forcefully slammed his palm onto the ground, causing his veins, etched with intricate clock inscriptions, to surge forward without delay!

These veins were from his own body and he could control them to twist and turn through spacetime itself, making evasion a challenge of near impossibility!

As they wrapped around Dankin's limbs, the air around him thickened, and time stretched, significantly slowing his movements!

Plix seized the moment. With a flick of his wrist, a spatial bullet burst forth, aiming straight for Dankin's chest.

The mercenaries' pupils thinned out in focus, seemingly planning to collectively strike the instant the bullet landed on Dankin.

Yet, as it neared, Dankin's detached gaze swept left and then the bullet mysteriously halted mid-flight, suspended before Dankin's unimpressed gaze.

Before anyone could make a sound, Dankin voiced calmly, "Switch,"

In an instant, the bullet and veins positions were reversed, now targeting Syla!

The sudden shift caught her off guard, her eyes widening in shock as she found herself the new focus of her partner's temporal bindings and the impending spatial bullet, now mere inches from her face.

Yet, this wasn't Syla's first rodeo.

In almost an instant, her body began to vibrate at an increasing frequency, a soft hum filling the air around her!

As her vibrations intensified, Syla became a blur, her form shimmering as if she was dissolving into the air.

With the crowd holding its breath, Syla achieved perfect resonance with the spacetime frequency!

In the last nanosecond, before the spatial bullet could make contact, she phased out of the perceivable spacetime continuum!

The bullet, robbed of its target, passed harmlessly through the space she had occupied moments before, striking nothing but air.

As Syla reemerged into visibility, a murmur of awe rippled through the onlookers.

She had demonstrated a masterful understanding of her innate vibration manipulation while at the same showing that her instincts weren't for show!

"Not bad."

Commander Bia, observing the maneuver, gave a slight nod in acknowledgment of her skill.

This head nod alone was enough to secure Syla's spot in the escorting squad, which made the rest of the mercenaries somewhat restless.

In their eyes, they didn't even need to touch Dankin and all they could do was receive Commander Bia's approval after showing off their capabilities.

Without making a move, it would be nearly impossible to show off.

Thus, before the Quantum Divers squad could finish what they had started, tens of other squads joined the battleground with powerful projectiles directed at Dankin! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"Pull back!"

Plix swiftly ordered a retreat when he noticed the mercenaries' feverish look. He understood that being near Dankin at this moment was a death sentence!

Boom! Boom! Whoosh!

As expected, the area around Dankin was showered with all sorts of abilities! Some attacks twisted space, making the ground look like a funhouse mirror.

Some were messing with time, making it nearly impossible to have a balanced time pace. There were even a few mercenaries of the race that Apollo disguised himself as.

The males were utilizing light abilities while the females used darkness abilities.

Then, there were the attacks that made no sense, with colors and lights flying everywhere and vibrations that made the air buzz like giant bees!

'He is something else.'

Felix narrowed his eyes in focus as he stayed at the far back with Apollo, avoiding the heart of the battlefield.

They watched as Dankin dodged and weaved through all of it like he was part of some high-stakes dance competition.

'He can alter reality so naturally, I don't even notice him manipulating quantum energy.' Felix commentated, 'If this is the strength of a mere high-ranked guard, what about commander Bia? What about the royal family and their emperor, Quantix Prime?'

'They owned the realm alongside Chaosians for a reason.' Apollo wasn't too surprised, 'Some of them have been manipulating vibrations for billions of years without dying. They have already mastered whatever there was to master.'

Although Felix was a unigin, he understood that he wasn't in his home ground anymore. Right now, Dankin was demonstrating what it meant to be one of the strongest in the realm.

Even when hundreds of mercenaries were giving it all to finish him off, none of them managed to touch his armor.

With the ability to alter reality, he could easily gain control over all the available laws in the realm.

This made it impossible for the mercenaries to land a strike on him when he could just cancel it with a snap of a finger or worse, use it as a counter-attack against one of them.

"Is that all you got?"

Dankin taunted coldly, as he slapped a spatial blade into the direction of the largest gathering of mercenaries, forcing them to evade with horror painted on their faces.

"You're gonna have to do better than that if you desire to accompany us."

'Damn it, we have to change our approach!'

The mercenaries weren't happy with his taunts or their constant failures...So, Plix reached out to the leaders of their respective squads and convinced them to work together.

This changed the whole dynamic of the battlefield. Now, the attacks were coordinated and this helped the mercenaries move freely without worrying about getting hit by friendly fire.

Alas, while this had improved their battles a bit, it still didn't change anything.

Dankin was as invincible as ever.

This kind of invincibility made Felix feel some dread in his heart...He wasn't bothered by Dankir, but by the notion that Uranus would have this kind of power here.

This made him realize that he needed to master quantum energy manipulation swiftly.

While he could utilize his evil energy to corrupt it and gain control of it, he was still struggling to manipulate the vibrational strings within it to turn into liquid, electricity, and other quantum laws.

After all, he still needed to find the right frequencies for those laws to emerge from quantum energy. While it wasn't as hard as finding the quantum energy's frequency, it would take a significant amount of time to learn.

'Do you think it's possible to reach out to primogenitor Bia and ask for her assistance through using familiarity?' Candace tried to help him.

'It's too risky.' Felix shook his head, 'She might be a primogenitor, but she has disappeared before she could meet the majority. Only Lord Osiris and Lord Zurvan had some interactions with her.'

In other words, Felix would be nothing more but a stranger to her. In fact, he would be a dangerous stranger to her life here since he was from the matter universe.

As long as they had no idea about her reason for coming down here, it was too risky to make contact.

'What about you, Lord Marduk?' Candace didn't give up.

'I never met her once in my life.' Lord Marduk shattered her hopes.

'I will ask Apollo following the end of the trials.' Felix added after noticing that time was running thin.

'What's the plan?' Felix turned to Apollo.

He had analyzed enough to make him understand that if they wanted to secure their spots, they had to stand out.

He didn't want to do this since it would force him to demonstrate things that might expose him.

'The hero should never make the first move. Let your gracious sidekick handle it.' Apollo gave him a faint confident smirk, 'I will qualify us both.'

Before Felix might respond, Apollo strolled onto the battlefield with his hands casually tucked into his pockets like he was going to enter a public bathhouse.

Usually, when someone stared at the back of his partner, he might feel a sense of reliability and safety.

But in this instant, all Felix felt was dread.

'Why do I have a feeling this f*cker will make things worse?' He thought inwardly.