Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1730 Making Matters Worse.

1730 Making Matters Worse.

'Are you for real? She is a primogenitor?'

'How can you not know know about her? Weren't you part of the primogenitors' creation?'

'What part? That's all on the three rulers.' Apollo shook his head, 'Me personally, I didn't care about the primogenitors until they started fighting each other. Plus, I have been a frequent visitor to the quantum realm during the old times.'

'That explains a lot.' Felix frowned.

He realized that with primogenitor Bia's early departure from the matter universe, Apollo wasn't given enough time to learn about her.

Since he focused most of his time on parties and entertainment, he had no real reason to shove his nose in Primogenitor Bia's business in the city.

Thus, this was the first time he ever saw primogenitor Bia.

"Nomad mercenary, how convenient." Dankin sneered, knowing that something was fishy about him.

"That's enough, Dankin."

Commander Bia didn't want to remain on this subject for long as this wasn't the right moment for a thorough examination.

She gazed at the chosen mercenaries and gave Apollo a slight nod in appreciation, "Indeed, you have filtered out the best ones."

'Wait, it worked?'

Before Felix could feel delighted about passing the trial without moving a finger, Commander Bia switched her focus to him and said calmly, "Unfortunately, I don't do favors."

Plix and the rest of the mercenaries snickered in ridicule after they realized that Apollo wanted to sneak his partner into the mission without putting any effort.

"He is my precious partner and I can not operate at full capacity without him in my corner." Apollo gave out an ultimate with a stern tone, "So if he goes, I go."

In Apollo's eyes, after he demonstrates strength, he should be considered a valuable asset to the mission since he even placed the Commander under his control. Such a fighter would be a must-have for the Echoing Tower.

Alas, his foolish attempt to twist her arms fell flat on its face.

"Alright then, I guess we will be taking eight with us." Commander Bia clapped her hands twice as she announced, "Congratulations, you have two days to prepare for the journey. Gather here at nine o'clock sharp."

"..." Apollo was left staring at Commander Bia speechlessly.

Before he could react, he felt two murderous eyes bore a hole at the side of his face, making him gulp out in dread.

"Cough, give me a moment, I will salvage th..."

"All I want you to do is to shut the f*ck up and stand in the corner." Felix ordered him with a vexed gaze, "I will fix your mess."

His gut feeling had already warned him that Apollo would just make things worse and he didn't do anything to stop him...Now, he was paying the price dearly.

"Commander Bia, my apologies for my partner's disrespectful and unruly behavior." Felix walked forward and bowed his head respectfully, "I need to clarify that he does not speak for me nor have I asked him. I still wish for a chance to join the mission."

"I am afraid there is nothing more to test." Commander Bia shook her head, "It's meaningless to repeat the process and I have no interest in testing you alone."

"It's too late," Dankin added with a stone face, "Commander's word is final. Now, beat it."

Felix's expression turned a bit gloomy at her rejection...He understood that the only way to secure another chance was to resort to cheap tricks.

Knowing that his options were killed off by Apollo's idiotic ultimatum, he didn't hesitate to give it a go.

"What if I defeated your second in command?" Before this shocking and ludicrous could register in their minds, Felix added calmly, "Solo."

"Ha...hahahahaha!!"

"Ha.hahahaha!!"

"Hohohoho!"

A series of mocking laughter thundered the training ground as both mercenaries and royal guards felt like they had heard the funniest joke in their lives.

An 'A' ranked Luminoan defeating Dankin solo? Sh*t, they would have laughed their ass off if he stated he could touch him alone.

A challenge that hundreds of mercenaries failed in.

The only ones not laughing were Commander Bia and Dankin.

While Commander Bia was too stern and professional to mock anyone, Dankin felt like he was being humiliated merely by the premise.

"Is this a joke to you?" Dankin uttered with a murderous gaze, "Do you take me lightly after your partner pulled a fast one on me?"

"Of course not." Felix replied, his eyes remaining unfazed, "I am sure I can't defeat you if you use your full strength, so my only condition is that you don't use quantum energy."

"Quantum energy?" Dankin sneered, "Assuming you can accept me down without quantum energy? You've got big guts, I give you that."

Dankin didn't feel an ounce of threat with Felix's condition as he was more than confident in his capability to shatter Felix into pieces purely using his vibration manipulation.

"I guess we have to give it a try...Or, are you scared?" Felix taunted as he took on a battle stance with a serious expression.

Dankin chuckled for a moment before he gazed back at Commander Bia, seemingly asking her for permission to take him on and teach him a lesson. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Commander Bia glanced at Felix's face for a moment, feeling a hint of dread creeping up her spine like she was staring at a slumbering monster...

'Is it them?' She thought to herself as a recent unfavorable memory resurfaced in her mind. However, she shook those memories away and focused back on the arena.

'There is only one way to discover out.'

"Fine, I will entertain you." Dankin smiled coldly after receiving a head nod from Commander Bia.

"Is this really happening?" Plix remarked in surprise while he walked out of the arena with his squad and the rest of the mercenaries.

"I can't believe someone will be stupid enough to hand himself on a silver plate to an enraged royal guard." Syla sighed sympathetically, "He is most definitely going to vent through him."

Her assumption was correct.

Dankin wanted nothing more but to establish his dominance again after his humbling defeat under Apollo.

What better way than to break Apollo's partner into pieces, helping him hit two birds with one rock?

'Fighting, F..Cough, Gonn! I am rooting for you."

Apollo cheered from the sidelines, making Felix's irritation grow even more.

Who could blame him? He didn't just create the situation worse, he humiliated a royal guard and sent him for collection.

"Let's observe if you can keep up," Dankin challenged.

A cold smile played on his lips as he began to subtly manipulate the vibrations around him, causing the ground to hum with unseen energy.

Felix, with a confidence born of countless battles, simply nodded.

Without another word, he extended both of his hands to the side and slashed them up with his fingernails!

The cuts were deep, and deliberate, causing a unique green blood to flow freely from the long wounds.

The color of the blood didn't alarm anyone as it was a known fact that Lumunion had green liquid within them.

Felix was forced to alter it from red to green through his envy laws for the sake of his disguise.

Since the concept of blood didn't exist in the quantum realm, it was considered nothing but a quantum liquid vital for the Lumunion's survival.

Thus, the sight was quite shocking, eliciting gasps and cries of alarm from those nearby...Especially, the Luminoan Fonna.

"Has he gone mad?! Our liquid of vitality is the same as the vibronoxian's cores! You can't live without it!"

But, before anyone else could react further, the spilled blood began to move as if alive, coalescing in mid-air.

With a flick of his wrists, Felix manipulated the blood with uncanny precision, transforming it into two lethal daggers, their edges razor-sharp and gleaming with a sinister light!

Then, with a further twist of his intent, the daggers were connected by a chain, also forged from his hardened blood, creating a deadly weapon!

"Shall we start?" He asked with a stone-cold face.