Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1731 Gonn vs Dankin!

1731 Gonn vs Dankin!

The moment Dankin gestured his readiness with an indifferent expression, Felix wasted no time and bolted towards him,his chained daggers trailing behind him like vipers poised to strike.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

As he neared, Felix executed a flawless spin and hurled the daggers straight for Dankin's throat. The air hissed as the blades cut through it, aimed with lethal precision!

"What a waste of time."

Dankin extended his palm forward and unleashed a powerful burst of vibrational energy.

The shockwave met the flying daggers mid-air, halting their deadly advance and causing them to hover momentarily before they could reach their target.

Unfazed, Felix recalled the daggers back to his hands with a sharp tag, only to launch them once more.

This time, he swung them from both sides, creating a deadly arc aimed to ensnare Dankin from two directions simultaneously.

As the daggers closed in, Dankin took a step forward and phased out of existence, causing the daggers to smash against each other with a loud clanging noise!

"You must be regretting your decision." Dankin disclosed coldly as he continued walking towards Felix under his constant assault.

Yet, nothing landed on him...His phasing technique was just bulletproof since it matched his body's frequency with the spacetime of a parrel universe, which was the same as taking interdimensional steps.

"You are powerful, but your partner has no idea what he is stepping himself into." Plix addressed Apollo from a short distance with an inviting tone, "How about you ditch him and join our squad? We are in need of a Gleamkin."

"If you had any cuties in your team, I might have considered it." Apollo rolled his eyes and started ignoring him.

"Tsk, after your boy gets used as a rag, you will come back begging to join my squad." Plix sneered to himself.

Meanwhile, the battle wasn't going in Felix's favor at all. Even when he had gotten rid of quantum energy manipulation, Dankin was still a formidable opponent.

His control over vibration was to perfection. If he had to be compared to Felix in the spirit realm, there would be a massive gap between them.

If it wasn't for the capital city banning any disturbances that might affect spacetime destructively, Dankin would have easily vanquished everyone in the training ground with a single vibrational punch.

But, the same goes for Felix. If it was possible to apply spiritual pressure on quantum realm beings, he would have already owned the place even during his punishment.

Alas, spiritual pressure could be effectively applied only to beings with spirits and souls...Hence, the name.

The quantum realm creatures were all born out of quantum energy. While they seemed alive and had a breath to them, they didn't possess spirits in the general sense.

That's why the spirit realm didn't have a single wandering spirit belonging to the quantum realm.

Felix was told by Apollo that the quantum realm's creatures' could live for eternity. The only way for them to die was if their body got destroyed beyond repair...Even then, their bodies would merely break into quantum energy and return to the realm's ecosystem, awaiting the day of their birth.

As for some of the quantum realm creatures being able to reproduce on their own? He said there were mere theories on this matter and nothing confirmed yet.

"This is becoming tedious. I was hoping for a more challenging experience from you."

Meanwhile, Dankin finally grew tired of the cat-and-mouse competition after skillfully dodging another of Felix's relentless attacks.

"Let's end this farce."

With a cold gaze that seemed to freeze the very air, he cracked his knuckles and then...In the blink of an eye, he vanished, reappearing behind Felix with such speed that it bordered on the supernatural!

Without hesitation, Dankin threw a punch towards Felix's back, aiming to end the duel with a single, killer blow.

However, Felix demonstrated his own remarkable agility by rolling forward at the last moment, narrowly escaping the attack.

Still facing away from Dankin, Felix swung his chained daggers backward, hoping for a quick counter-attack.

Alas, Dankin caught the chains effortlessly, a cold smirk playing on his lips as he sent a powerful vibrational burst along them, straight towards Felix!

The move forced Felix to release the chains, lest he be overwhelmed by the attack. Yet, Felix was far from defeated.

With a swift motion of his finger, the chains turned liquid, snaking towards Dankin in an attempt to envelop him completely!

"Crystalize!"

Felix blurted, preparing to solidify the liquid chains into an unbreakable prison around Dankin!

But Dankin was already steps ahead.

"Useless attempt."

With a concentrated effort, he unleashed a vibrational shockwave so powerful it not only repelled the liquid assault but also caused the training ground itself to crack under sheer force!

Before anyone could react, Dankin charged back at Felix and unleashed a barrage of condensed vibrational projectiles.

This forced Felix to use whatever it took to evade and defend the projectiles, creating a fascinating dance that mesmerized the viewers.

"I have to say, he is quite a good fighter."

"His footings are masterful works of art. Where did he learn to move this way?"

"I didn't expect Dankin to fail to land a single assault on him."

"Haha, Dankin, are you planning to keep taking 'Ls' for the entire day?"

A discussion broke amidst the royal guards gathering behind Commander Bia as everyone seemed quite impressed with Felix's fighting skills.

They knew that while Dankin hadn't gone all out, still, making his life difficult wasn't an easy task in the slightest.

Meanwhile, Commander Bia, who had been watching the duel intently, neither displayed a positive nor a negative reaction.

Deep thoughts seemed brewing in her mind as she gazed at Felix's fighting style.

'Is it them or not? His fighting style is more in attune with Luminoans. He hasn't used a single ability that was shown by him...Was my intentions wrong?' Commander Bia frowned.

Knowing that she wouldn't be able to get anything from this, she reached out to Dankin and ordered him to go harder.

'Your wish is my command.' Dankin's expression turned colder as he halted his projectile barrage.

When he stopped, Felix did a back somersault and landed in a battle position, his eyes affixed on his opponent.

The entire area around him was utterly ruined, yet, not a single scratch was seen on his lumunious skin.

Seeing the change in Dankin's expression made Felix understand that he was about to go all out for real this time.

'It seems I can't defeat him purely with my blood abilities.'

Felix also decided to change his approach as he had no interest in prolonging this battle any longer.

Without a moment's hesitation, Dankin brought his hands together for a shockwave clap!

This was no ordinary clap as its power resonated with a high frequency designed specifically to target the sensory hearing of anyone within its range!

The effect was instantaneous and brutal as Felix found himself dropping to one knee, hands desperately clutching his ears in a futile attempt to block out the agonizing sound!

"Oh f*ck, what did we do?!"

"Ahhhh!!! my brain!!"

"Chrono, slow the time!"

Even the mercenaries ended up on the floor and desperately attempting to block the frequencies from frying their brains off! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Unbothered by the external causalities, Dankin seized the moment and performed a seismic stomp, channeling all his vibrational energy into the ground!

The shockwave traveled rapidly, gaining momentum before erupting in an explosion directly beneath Felix.

BOOOOOOM!!

The force of the explosion sent Felix soaring into the sky with minimum control over his body!

As Felix ascended, Dankin was already in motion, his arms transforming into deadly sonic blades.

He disappeared with precision and reappeared before Felix in an instant, ready to deliver a devastating scissor technique that aimed to slice his opponent in two!

The crowd held its breath, the silence punctuated only by the hum of Dankin's sonic blades.

"Well, that was quick."

"What a nasty combo...Dankin stopped messing around."

"Is he going for the kill? He sure is pissed."

It seemed a conclusive end to the violent battle as the royal guards were already planning to leave the training ground.

But, in a twist that left every spectator's heart skipping a beat, Felix's form turned illusionary at the very last moment, causing the sonic blades to slice through nothing!

A stunned silence engulfed the training ground at the sight of the sonic blades connecting, leaving even Dankin with widened eyes in disbelief.

"Huh?"

"Did...Did he just phase out?"

"Impossible..."

The stunned silence was followed by a collective reaction of disbelief at the notion of a Luminoan possessing dual attunement!

Their reaction was understandable since dual attunement for a Luminoan was even rarer than a Gleamkin being born with the possibility to manipulate both light and darkness.

At least, that race was able to utilize only two laws...But, Luminoans could be born with attunement to every law in the quantum realm!

For one to be born with two was a celebratory event!

Alas, Dankin was in no place to think about his misfortune of meeting someone rarer than a unicorn in the realm.

Before he could recover from his shock, the green blood lying on the ground from before turned into chains and snaked tightly around his form with an unyielding grip.

The pointed ends of the daggers found their way to his temples, making it clear to all that he had him at his mercy.

"..."

"..."

"..."

The arena, filled with the sounds of battle just moments ago, was now eerily silent, every eye fixed on Felix's form that phased back into existence with his hands holding the chains.

"Is this enough to join the mission?"

He uttered calmly as he gazed at Commander Bia's slightly dazed expression, completely ignoring the tightened-up Dankin in front of him.