Chapter 1732 Commander Bia's Plight.

1732 Commander Bia's Plight.

"You!! This isn't over!!"

With a livid expression, Dankin immediately phased out of Felix's bindings and attempted to strike him with a powerful vibrational punch capable of shattering spacetime, a forbidden technique within the city's boundaries!

Felix, expecting such a reaction, was already in the process of phasing out again to evade the strike.

"That's enough!"

However, before the punch could even cross one meter, Commander Bia's stern shout sent a shockwave that landed against the punch and canceled its vibrations, which turned it into a normal punch.

Felix was able to catch it easily with his hand.

"Maybe, I was too soft on you."

Felix's expression turned colder as he pulled Dankin to him and returned the favor by connecting a fist with his nose!

"Argh!" Dankin was hurled into the distance while catching his nose in pain.

"I said, that's enough."

This time, Commander Bia's authoritative voice reverberated into everyone's ears, forcing them all to fall to their knees like their own bodily vibrations were forcing them to listen!

Even Felix and Apollo fell victim to such an ability and found themselves unable to fight against it.

'What a demanding ability.' Lady Sphinx frowned, noticing Felix's entire body vibrated at a cellular level.

It was like she took control of everyone's strings that created them and controlled their behavior through them.

'She is too dangerous.' Felix wasn't pleased in the slightest by being controlled, but all he could do was lower his head and be obedient like the rest.

At the end of the day, he was a mere Luminoan and he had to act like one.

After a moment of silence, Commander Bia canceled her control and freed everyone. Then, she turned around and walked away.

While she didn't announce Felix's victory, it was clear that he was accepted into the team with Apollo.

"Don't be late," Royal guard Sera warned everyone for Commander Bia before following after her.

Shestood out with her striking silver-colored hair that flowed down her back in soft waves, shimmering with a luster that seemed to reflect the very essence of her vibrational energy.

Since the Vibronixian were created out of vibration and were separated merely through gender and color, she resembled Dankin's twin.

"Dankin! Let's go!" She yelled from a distance after noticing that he hadn't followed them.

Dankin ignored her and kept staring daggers at Felix while still clutching his deformed nose. Unfazed, Felix kept gazing back at him with an indifferent expression.

He had held his grounds against a third ruler...If he was intimidated by a mere nobody in the grand scheme of the universe, he should resign his title as the paragon of sins.

"I will recall this..."

With one last defeated icy remark, Dankin phased out of existence and when he reappeared, he was behind his squad.

'If only I had my control over pride sin.' Felix murmured, 'I would have helped him with tuning it out a bit to save him from an early death.'

...

After the mercenary trials ended, Felix and Apollo booked a room in a fancy hotel, waiting there until the start of the mission.

With Felix having a valid identity now, no one could reject them.

Unbeknownst to them, Commander Bia was on to their disguise regardless of the effort put in to maintain it.

To be honest, only Felix was putting in the effort as Apollo acted the same as always...Even his name was pronounced somewhat the same.

At this moment, she could be seen gazing out into the night, her thoughts spiraled around their enigmatic figures.

'Could it truly be? Were Gonn and Bollo more than they appear?'

She mulled over every encounter, every battle where they had demonstrated their prowess.

Felix's rare dual attunement, and Apollo's dance between light and shadow, which spectacles that defied explanation...Their abilities were not just rare, they were unprecedented.

If it wasn't for the information bestowed upon her, she would have merely appreciated their talents and placed the matter to rest.

Her fingers traced the rim of her teacup as she was deep in thought.

"Their personalities, too... They somewhat matched the description even when Gonn tried his best to change his attitude." VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

With each sip of tea, Bia felt the weight of responsibility weighing down on her shoulders. A responsibility placed by the most despised enemy in her eternal life.

'Uranus, what does he want from them? Can I use this to my advantage?' She contemplated with a solemn tone as memories of what occurred in the past week resurfaced in her mind.

***

Flashback...One week earlier.

Uranus's form could be seen reconstructing from vibrational waves somewhere random outside of the city. He had just departed from Zephyr's brothel in quite a bad mood.

"I have no time to waste on such a mindless search. This is her territory, she would be more fit to find them if they were hiding here." Uranus narrowed his eyes coldly as he looked at the massive palace in the distance.

Meanwhile,Commander Bia was in her private quarters, reviewing the Echoing Tower's floors and strategizing her next move when an unexpected and uninvited presence filled her mind.

A presence she knew all too well but never wished to encounter again, the unmistakable mark of Uranus reaching out to her.

Then, a voice, as vast as the quantum realm echoed in her mind.

"Bia, you have had your fun. But it's time we meet. Outside the city's premises. Now."

'No, no, no, no, no... this can't be happening...'

The words struck her like a physical blow, sending a wave of fear crashing over her, followed by a shock so potent it left her reeling in her chair.

A tint of hatred, long buried under layers of sternness bubbled to the surface.

She had wished this day would never come, hoped that her new life would keep her hidden from the prying eyes of gods and their whims.

"Ignore this message at your own risk, Bia," The voice continued its tone hardening. "I've allowed you to have your peace, your little hideaway. But make no mistake, I've always known where you are. Ignore me, and I have no qualms about finishing what I started."

The threat was clear, its implications chilling, making Commander Bia feel her hands clench into fists, her nails digging into her palms.

The audacity of Uranus, to come now, to threaten her after all this time...

With a steely resolve, she whispered back, her voice a mix of defiance and wariness, 'I am not as weak as before, you don't own me and you will never do ever again.'

The silence that followed was suffocating, leaving Commander Bia's heartbeats to reverberate across the chamber.

Finally, Uranus replied, his tone as cold as ever. "Is this how you address your husband? I knew that I had been too soft on you."

"You are no husband of mine, you monster!" Commander Bia lost her cool the moment she heard the 'husband' term, her voice shattered all the furniture in the chamber!

If one knew what Uranus had placed her through during the old time, her reaction would still be underplaying it.

"Bia, I am not here to argue with you." Uranus threatened one last time with an icy voice, "I need you for a task, meet me at the provided location. Otherwise, your strength, your little royal family that you're relying on, none will be of use against my wrath."

Bia's mind raced...The implications of Uranus's threat and the sudden vulnerability of her position struck her hard.

She knew full well just how powerful and horrifying Uranus could be when angered.

The fact they were in the quantum realm wasn't in her favor at all when he was the true and only deity of vibration.

To confront a god was foolery, yet to hide was to live in fear of the inevitable.

With a heavy heart, she made her decision, understanding that her options were nonexistent.

"Fine. I will meet you, Uranus..."

"Don't leave me waiting... Wife."

Uranus snorted in ridicule like the contemplated of someone worthy of being his wife was a joke on its own.

As the presence of Uranus receded, Commander Bia was left to stare at the colorful sky with a deadpan expression.

She felt as if her soul had returned to those horrible times, a period she wished nothing more but to erase from her memory...