Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1739 The Hundredth Floor II.

﻿﻿1739 The Hundredth Floor II.

'Remember, the All-Seeing Eye is sensitive to the fairest disturbances.' Commander Bia warned with a cold tone, 'While I am sure none of you have any trouble with remaining in one posture, the same can't be said about being forced to move.'

This was the reason every squad had to build a stronghold with countless fortifications. The All-Seeing-Eye was one of the Echoing Tower's unknown mysteries.

Many attempts to breach past the hundredth floor ended up in failure in the past. That's because there were three challenges against each squad.

Avoiding the All-Seeing-Eye's gaze, the other teams' sabotaging attempts, and lastly, locating the entrance to the next floor.

In the previous floors, everyone was chummy with each other since there were no indirect methods to get rid of their competition.

In other words, any squad that made a direct assault against another without provocation would give the rest a valid motive to switch on them and get rid of them first.

But here? In this desolate and gloomy landscape? With a weapon above their heads that never missed, everyone would have thoughts to eliminate their nearest opponents.

That's exactly what the Chaosians had in mind before even stepping into the tower...

...

In the unsettling red glow cast by the massive eye in the sky, Prince Malakar and his Chaosians were spread out across the eerie landscape.

Unlike the other squads, they were hiding in the open, their eyes reflecting a sinister predatory glimmer...

Prince Malakar reached out to his followers through a telepathic link unique to their kind.

'Make your move on your targets...We have to reduce the number of those leaches by at least 50% before we enter the next floor.' He ordered coldly, not an ounce of calmness from before was seen in his eyes.

It was like he was a different person.

Among the Chaosians, Samalon responded first with a faint murderous grin, 'My Prince, the Vibronxian squad is within my radar. They are unaware of my presence.'

Prince Malakar's response was swift and devoid of hesitation. 'Eliminate them.'

'By your will, my Prince. They will not see me coming.'

Knowing that the Vibronoxians weren't an easy opponent to handle, Samalon didn't rush his ambush, thinking carefully about his strategy.

'Their fortifications are topnotch. I only have one chance to create a disturbance before getting spotted with their vibrational network.' Samalon thought to himself as he gazed at the massive pitch-black dome of darkness around their stronghold.

He was currently using his chaotic manipulation to turn into a perfect tree in the forest, which made it impossible to spot him since everything about him matched a normal tree.

Chaos, in its essence, held within it the infinite potential for all forms and states of existence.

By tapping into this vast reservoir of possibilities, Samalon could reshape the fabric of his being into a tree or any other life form as long as he could handle the transformation.

The rest of the Chaosians also disguised themselves as trees, boulders, and whatnot.

While Samalon was contemplating his hardest on his next move, one of his teammates was already kicking off the rise of the chaos.

Hyrus focused his gaze on the Gleamkin squad's stronghold.

The Gleamkin, known for their mastery over light and darkness, had trouble building a stronghold from scratch like the Vibronxians.

Instead, they took advantage of their speed and searched for a cave carved into the side of a mountain.

They fortified themselves in it with a massive boulder sealing the entrance. Meanwhile, the area around it was bathed in a blinding light so intense it deterred anyone with bad intentions.

Hyrus had watched all of this happening right before his eyes since he had arrived here first and hid himself near the cave, knowing that any squad that found it wouldn't let it go.

'This should do the trick.'

With a single thought, Hyrus willed the solid matter to transform, to betray its nature, and become a relentless, advancing flood of a gooey, cement-like fluid!

As the boulder and the ground liquefied, the once-solid barrier began to seep into the cave, the fluid morphing into an unstoppable tide that sought to engulf everything in its path!

Rumble Rumble!!

'Oh no!! We are being attacked!'

Inside the cave, panic took hold as the Gleamkin squad caught sight of the approaching disaster.

Their expressions turned to horror at the realization that the disturbances were too powerful and if they reached them, their lives would be over!

As expected, The sensitive all-seeing eye turned its gaze upon the mountain, its singular horrifying slit enlarged a little.

The squad leader, recognizing the direness of their situation, made a desperate decision.

He fired a beam of light from his eyes at the approaching cement-like fluid, wanting to solidify it as quickly as possible.

Since he couldn't speak psychically with his people as this wasn't a skill set everyone possessed in the quantum realm, he had to make the first move, believing that his male teammates would follow suit!

'Damn it! Damn it!'

Beams of pure, radiant energy shot forth from their eyes, converging on the advancing fluid.

Alas, the all-seeing eye, with its slit already positioned over the cave, ended up more attracted to the emerging new disturbance.

The ominous cloud cover parted as the All-Seeing Eye unleashed a sudden concentrated beam of green light toward the cave!

The beam was a force of absolute precision and destruction, cutting through the air, a line of fiery green against the gloomy red background of the hundredth floor!

It pierced the mountain with surgical accuracy, creating a perfectly sized hole that traversed the entire structure uninterrupted!

The light, unstoppable and indifferent to the materials it encountered, found its target in the cave and everything within it!

'Noo....'

The Gleamkin, caught in the act of defense, had no time to react before the green light enveloped them and the advancing flood, erasing their being in an instant...

There were no screams, no sounds of struggle, just the eerie silence that followed the light's retraction...

The All-Seeing Eye blinked once and the beam was retracted, leaving behind a forever altered landscape. Where once stood a mountain with a cave sheltering the Gleamkin squad, there was now only a massive, long hole that ran from the top of the mountain to its base.

'Horrifying as ever...'

Although Hyrus was hiding a decent distance from the contact area, he still felt his heart engulfed in a wave of inherited fear, like that beam was the absolute enemy of his existence.

This feeling was shared by everyone who managed to witness the All-Seeing-Eye making its move.

'I wonder who ended up dead.' Syla asked psychically with a hint of dread in her voice.

'How can you assume that someone has died 100%?' Felix frowned.

He watched as the beam got fired, but it didn't raise a single ounce of alarm for his safety. It was like his gut feeling wasn't scared of the beam landing on him.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

This was surprising considering that everyone was scared shitless from the All-Seeing-Eye.

'We are sure because the green beam is believed to be created out of anti-quantum energy.' Commander Bia cleared his doubts with a solemn tone, 'Since all matter in our realm is made out of quantum energy, nothing, and no one can survive this beam.'