Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1741 The Hundredth Floor. IV

1741 The Hundredth Floor. IV

'Sh*t! Sh*t! I didn't expect them to react before the eye fired its beam!'

Meanwhile, Samalon's expression had gotten ugly at the sight of the stronghold returning its stability while the All-Seeing-Eye had fired at an irrelevant target.

'I need to dip quickly!'

Knowing that his location must have been compromised, Samalon attempted to take advantage of the All-Seeing-Eye's lack of focus and change his location.

Alas, he was a bit too late.

With a focused expression, Commander Bia gathered her vibrational energy, channeling it deep into the earth beneath Samalon's position!

Rumble Rumble!!

The earth trembled violently, the tremors focused directly under Samalon, who felt the ground begin to betray him.

What had been solid a moment before now turned against him, opening up into a gaping sinkhole with an insatiable appetite!

'Crap! Guys! I need help!'

Samalon shouted for assistance from his squad, hoping that they would tap into their powers to create a much stronger disturbance!

'Leave it to me.'

Another Chaosian immediately made his move against his exposed targets, hurling at them with a massive chaotic burst of energy that would turn anything into a peculiar material upon contact!

Alas, his chosen targets were Chronowalkers...

"Freeze the time." Tempus Vey ordered calmly, his voice resounding in his teammates' ears without his lips moving.

The Chronowalkers gazed at the incoming chaotic burst of energy and with a single flash of light, the burst of energy remained suspended in midair!

However, the Chaosian seemed prepared against this and enhanced the chaoticness of the sphere, causing it to affect even the time around it!

The chaotic projectile escaped from the time constraints and started moving slower, faster, and sometimes even freezing!

"Walk out!" VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Tempus Vey realized that it would be impossible to stop the chaotic sphere from landing on them since chaos affected all matter and concepts alike.

Thus, when he noticed that the All-Seeing-Eye's focus was somewhere else, he took a single step forward through time with his squad!

The instant they did this, the horrifying slit turned to them and fired its green beam at their location!

However, they were already gone, appearing in another location, making it seem like they had committed an instant teleport!

But, in reality? They literally walked on the string of time for a brief moment!

When they did this, the entire quantum realm got suspended in time in their eyes but not for the others.

In simpler terms, they walked to a future where their locations were in a different place...Hence the name, Chronowalkers!

'We have to lay low for the next cycle.' Tempus Vey said with an irritated tone as he gazed at the dimmed inscriptions on his skin.

While the Chronowalkers' time abilities were powerful and unique, they came with a steep price, making it impossible for them to walk through time for more than a few moments.

'F*ck! She isn't letting go of me.'

Meanwhile, Samalon was still in a tough situation even when the eye wasn't targeting him.

He tried his best to ditch the place without removing his disguise since it would be considered an active movement, but Commander Bia wasn't letting go of her bite!

She had strengthened her attacks and even received assistance from Dankin and the rest to make his life an absolute hell.

All he could do was focus his chaotic energy to offset the vibrations by sending an equal force of vibrations. Alas, he was against multiple true controllers of vibrations...Each time he adapted to a frequency and tried to match it, they changed it up instantly!

This caused the ground under him to keep being assaulted by a powerful earthquake until the trees near him were already uprooted!

The intense disturbance finally caught the attention of the All-Seeing Eye again!

The Eye, indifferent to allegiances, saw only the source of the disruption, and in a blink, its massive, frightening iris focused on the Chaosian now struggling within the sinkhole.

'HEEELP MEEE!!' Fear gripped Samalon as he bellowed for his squad to do something.

Sadly, his teammates weren't against weaklings and most of their attempts ended up in failure due to the other squads' preparedness.

Desperate to divert its lethal attention, Samalon attempted to channel his chaotic energy to create a disturbance in the Vibronxians' stronghold again.

'Wishful thinking.' Dankin scoffed in ridicule.

Commander Bia and her royal guards had already anticipated Samalon's attempt at retribution.

As Samalon's chaotic energy reached out, seeking to wreak havoc, it was met with an invisible barrier of vibrations, dissipating it harmlessly.

'That's what you get for being bold enough to target us alone.'

'I guess it was a fluke before that the prince controlled his emotions...They are still as aggressive and idiotic as ever.'

'Kekeke, we were polite enough to dig him a grave.'

The royal guards watched with mocking looks as the Eye's green beam activated, targeting the frightened Samalon within the sinkhole!

With a horrified expression, Samalon shielded himself with a disorderly barrier. Alas, the beam pierced through the barrier without an ounce of resistance.

"NOOOOOOO..."

His echoing shriek was the last thing heard in the area before the green beam retracted back to the eye, leaving behind not a single particle of Samalon's existence...

The moment he was erased, Prince Malakar felt a sudden shift in the chaotic energy around him, a disruption that resonated with the loss of one of his own.

'How dare they! How dare they touch one of my people!'

For a moment, Prince Malakar's composure fractured, his expression was a storm of fury and vengeance!

The idea of retaliating against the Vibronxians, of unleashing the full might of his disorder upon them in retribution for Samalon's demise, surged to the forefront of his mind.

This was a dangerous thought in his current situation since he was unable to move. If those disorderly thoughts were to ever gain control over him, he might do something foolish and target the Vibronxians right now!

But then, as swiftly as it had come, the tempest within him subsided.

'The marathon is just starting and there are plenty of chances to make them pay.' He uttered coldly.

He believed that such emotional control was his doing but in reality? It was Eris offsetting those disorderly thoughts with the order.

'The possession is near completion...I just need to keep this idiot from not getting himself killed until then.' She idea to herself while residing within his pitch-black subconsciousness.

The reason she was taking so long was because she had implemented a part of her consciousness in others too!

Her search strategy was more effective than Uranus' as she had kept jumping from one territory to another and planting her wisp seeds inside high-ranked natives!

With her ability to manipulate the portal destinations, she was able to hit almost all major nations!

At the moment, she had millions of wisps across the entire quantum realm. Understanding that Felix and Apollo sought to free the chains from him made her prioritize areas with accelerated time.

The Echoing Tower was merely one of those places.

In other words, landing in the same place as Felix and Apollo wasn't a matter of luck, but of skill and intelligence!

'I AM GONNA AVENGE HIM!'

'BASTARDS! I WILL KILL THEM ALL!'

Meanwhile, some of the Chaosians were unable to contain their rage, their thoughts became a maelstrom of retribution, driving them to act against the very nature of the Hundredth Floor!

'Don't...'

Before Prince Malakar could set them straight, two Chaosians had already broken their disguise and charged with bold and unrestrained movements toward the Vibronxians. Their disorderly eyes were red with bloodthirst.

In the blink of an eye, two beams were fired one after the other in a matter of a split second, extinguishing their existence and sending them to meet Samalon...

Eris shook her head as she watched the beams retract back to the eye.

'Chaos without order is like an ocean without shores; endless, consuming, and directionless.' She commentated, feeling somewhat sympathetic for a race to be born with such affinity.

She knew that it was more of a punishment than a reward...