Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1745 The Hundredth Floor. VIII

1745 The Hundredth Floor. VIII

'Our identities are already exposed, which means, if we leave the tower without fulfilling our goal, we will have to create new ones. That's quite difficult since we can't reside in the vibronix empire anymore.'

Apollo sighed in sadness, not welcoming to the idea of losing his identity and being turned homeless. He had invested quite a lot in his identity.

He understood that it would be near impossible to escape Uranus and Eris' radars if they remained in the Vibronix Empire.

Even if Zephyr wanted to hook them up with new identities, Uranus would visit him again and extract the information from him.

With their identities being exposed, it wasn't hard to track them back to the brothel.

All in all, The Vibronix Empire was out of the picture, and without legit identities, they wouldn't be able to hide in plain sight within other nations.

'This is the least of our worries.' Felix frowned, 'If we lost this opportunity to get rid of the chains, we might not find another. Uranus has made it clear that it's fairly possible to track us down unless we hide somewhere desolate.'

If push came to shove, Felix wouldn't mind sticking his head under the sand in a random place.

However, this would mean that he would be forced to meet Apollo's darkside without his full strength. He truly wanted to avoid it.

'Get the map from her first and let's check the exit points and the floors with accelerated time difference...We can make a decision then.' Apollo suggested.

Felix took upon his suggestion and returned to his conversation with Commander Bia.

'It's clear that our goals align and it will be foolish of us not to combine forces.' Felix shared with a serious tone, 'But to earn your trust, I think it's only fair I show you why we will never be on Uranus' side.'

Felix sent some pieces of his memories showing his alterations within the eternal kingdom and the final battle that led him to this sticky situation.

He also showed her some bits about his origin to make her understand that he came from humble roots and had nothing to do with unigins, knowing that it was near impossible for Bia to trust a unigin ever again.

Upon watching those memories, Commander Bia's expression transformed into one of shock and awe, her eyes widening with respect and familiarity.

The revelation of his past, the struggles he had faced, and the battles he had won against seemingly insurmountable odds, cast him in a new light in her eyes.

Although Felix had shown her not even 1% of his struggles, they were enough to make her relate to him on a personal level.

'Your journey... it's nothing short of unprecedented...To have faced the unigins and the rulers, to have emerged not just unscathed but victorious in your own right...I had no idea how a mortal born out of a common species gets to slay unigins and rival even the three rulers.' She commentated with a tint of reverence in her eyes, seemingly seeing an actual Hero in the flesh.

'It seems like you possess won her over.' Thor said.

'It's normal for her to act this way as Felix did what she was dreaming of doing.' Elder Kraken smiled bitterly, 'He has shown her that even gods can be slain.'

It was true.

Commander Bia was holding onto her emotions for far too long and it was about time she received a slimmer of hope for her cause.

'But wait, if you were this strong, why are you running away from Uranus? I think both of you can handle him.' Commander Bia inquired.

'Going against the third ruler came with a steep cost.' Felix shared, 'I am currently weakened immensely and I have entered the tower to seek a place with a significant time difference to get back my strength.'

'If you possess any useful information about this, it will be appreciated.' Felix added.

'I see.' Commander Bia narrowed her eyes in focus for a moment before disclosing, 'If you are seeking accelerated time, then, The Clockwork Floor is the one to target.'

'The Clockwork Floor?' Felix raised an eyebrow, 'What floor is it and what does it do?'

'it's a giant, intricate mechanism where the floor itself is made of moving gears and cogs. Everyone must navigate the constantly shifting mechanical maze, solving puzzles that require us to manipulate time within localized areas to progress toward the exit or unlock secrets and treasures.'

'It is the twentieth floor though, which means, reaching it will be a challenge on its own. However, if you make it there safely, you can even manipulate your own bodily and spiritual perception of time, allowing your body to experience millions of years in matters of minutes without going through the actual years.' Commander Bia added, 'For mortals, this is a death sentence, but for immortals like us? It can be manipulated to our advantage.' VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

After she finished her explanation, Felix and the tenants were left with looks of surprise and exhilaration.

'This is it!' Felix took a deep breath to calm his emotions, 'This is my only way to unshackle those cursed chains with minimum suffering!'

'Hold on a second, how can it be possible to experience millions of years in matters of minutes without consciously living it?' Lord Shiva frowned, 'It sounds too unrealistic.'

'If it was in any other place, I would possess doubted its validity.' Felix replied with an optimistic tone, 'But, this is the Echoing Tower, and it's on the twentieth floor. I don't know if it truly will work, but if there is a place where the impossible turns into possible, this will be it.'

'Even if it wasn't possible, just the notion of being able to manipulate the laws of time in your area without the universe's intervention will help you achieve your goal.' Lady Sphinx added, 'You can always slumber through the millions of years until the punishment duration ends.'

'That's true too.'

While it wouldn't be as good as the first option, Felix wasn't in a position to complain. But soon, he realized that the legitimacy of the information must be questioned since no single had ever reached the twentieth floor before.

Even the unigins had only seen up to ten floors and were clueless about the ones above which were built after their time.

'Is your source of information the map?' He asked.

'Yes, the map has great details of every floor even down to the ground floor.' Commander Bia offered, 'I will hand you a deciphered version in the daylight cycle.'

Although she didn't trust Felix 100%, even after he showed her some of his memories, she had to depict goodwill by making active supportive moves.

Whether handing out the map would backfire on her later on or not, she had to hand it to them willingly to keep this new fragile alliance intact.

Felix accepted her goodwill and thanked her in advance. If they were on a surface level, he wouldn't bother to deliver her into his team even if they wanted the same thing.

However, in the quantum realm and especially the Echoing Tower, the lines between a native and a unigin blurred significantly.

If she was able to keep just single unigin busy if a battle were to happen, he would be more than satisfied.