Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1746 The Hundredth Floor. IX

1746 The Hundredth Floor. IX

'What are you guys chatting about?'

Apollo invaded their discussion with an annoyed tone, feeling neglected. Felix updated him on the situation and told him about his final decision.

'We will head to the twentieth floor.' He said with a cold smile, 'If we made it there and got rid of my chains, we can turn things around.'

Felix might not be too confident in being able to slay both Eris and Uranus, but if he caught them off guard with his newfound strength, there was a great possibility of success in taking down one of them.

If he managed to obtain their core and ascend, it would be a different story entirely!

But first, they had to get rid of the variables.

'Bia, we have already tested the theory of the All-Seeing-Eye firing an anti-quantum energy beam.' Felix shared, 'The results were positive, which means, we can get rid of the rest of the squads and have the tower to us alone.'

'Is that true?' Commander Bia was surprised, 'No wonder you decided to expose your identities. On this floor, we three can be considered invincible.'

'Exactly, that's why I suggest we get rid of everyone and even the original map on the floor to make sure Uranus won't get his hands on it.' Felix added.

'I agree.' Commander Bia nodded in approval.

'Also, heads up, Uranus isn't the only unigin after us.' Felix shared with a faint cough.

'Huh? How many are there?'

'I don't know, they can range from two to six.'

'You joking, right?' ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

'Nope.'

'...'

...

Half an hour later...

The night cycle was concluded with no casualties this time as most squads chilled out while the Chaosians decided to group up and prioritize minimizing their losses.

After the day cycle arrived, Felix, Apollo, and Commander Bia traded a single knowing glance between them before making their move.

They had already crafted a neat plan to ensure everyone's elimination.

Commander Bia ordered her squad to stay in their positions while she headed in a different direction. Meanwhile, Felix and Apollo also split up from the team and went different ways.

"What is she thinking?" Dankin knitted his eyebrows in displeasure as he gazed at the silhouette of Felix and Apollo fading into the fog.

Commander Bia hadn't told them about the new development as it was too complex for them to understand.

They didn't even know about the existence of the matter universe and that the quantum realm existed in a dimension smaller than a particle.

They didn't even know what a particle was! So, how could she explain to them her situation without sounding mad?

Fortunately, no one could go against her commands regardless of their comfort.

'You don't think we got ditched, right?' Chronos gulped a mouthful as he asked his leader.

'Don't be foolish.' Plix replied calmly, 'Just sit tight and wait. As long as we stay with the main squad, she can't leave us.'

Meanwhile, Felix could be seen sprinting to areas with the most number of squads while Apollo ignored all and targeted the exit.

As for Commander Bia, she was heading towards a completely different location, aiming for the original map!

Their movements had attracted the attention of the squads near them due to being alone, but they ignored them and continued on their way to the entrance.

After some time, the squads began to slow their speed and prepare for the next night cycle, creating strongholds and whatever defensive formations to keep them safe.

Since Apollo knew he wouldn't be harmed by the eye anymore, he didn't bother to stop...He kept on moving, surpassing other squads one by one until he was at the forefront of the race.

In less than a minute, while the eye was still closed, he finally came to a halt before a giant mountain with a baby face smiling creepily on its surface.

"This is it."

He recalled the details on the map given to him by Commander Bia, showing a picture of this very mountain and a small 'X' mark on its creepy smile.

He flew to the carved-in smile and the closer he got, the bigger it appeared.

When he arrived, the smile was turned into a massive dark cave with a hint of light coming from its depth.

With a quick check on the light, he returned to the entrance of the cave and sat down on the edge with a cold smile, awaiting anyone lucky enough to escape from Felix's grasp!

"What a great place to spectate the fireworks."

He chuckled as he brought out his Lyre, planning to match the upcoming performance with a noteworthy melody.

...

Under the ghostly glow of the night cycle, with the All-Seeing Eye open and ever-watchful, Felix was seen standing on the tip of a tall branchless tree gazing at the spread-out fortifications around him.

With an emotionless expression, he launched himself into the air, propelling towards the Eye as it targeted him with a concentrated beam of green light!

Unfazed, Felix soared higher until the beam struck him directly!

Yet, instead of the catastrophic damage one would expect, Felix felt a mild sensation, akin to being touched by the ray of a flashlight.

His smile grew even colder as continued on his ascent unhindered, bathing under the green glow.

The Eye loomed larger with each passing moment, its vastness becoming more apparent as Felix approached.

The instance he reached the Eye, he realized it was a giant orb suspended in the void, its surface shifting with colors and bizarre inscriptions.

'I have never seen those writings before...' Felix murmured as he went to the eye's blindspot, causing it to cancel its beam and fire another one at Commander Bia, who had yet to arrive at the map location.

Felix ignored this and continued studying the eye with a hint of intrigue clouding his visage.

'Lilith...'

'Don't ask me, I have no idea what it is or its origin.' Lilith shrugged her shoulders lazily.

'You don't even recognize those writings?' Felix stressed with a doubtful tone.

He understood that the only languages used to manipulate the elements and laws were the three celestial languages.

However, they had more control over elements than laws since laws were separated into existing and creating.

The celestial languages could only manipulate existing laws, but could not create them from scratch as unigins do.

To find a new language was quite intriguing since it went against the universe's five pillars of its creation.

'No need to overthink it.' Lady Sphinx remarked, 'It might be just scribbles that have no control over the eye.'

'It might, but there is only one way to truly find out.'

Felix stretched his arm at the side of the massive red iris and then started releasing crimson mist at it!

Felix never planned to run around idiotically and eliminate squads in this manner when he could corrupt the All-Seeing-Eye and make it his own demonic weapon!!

This thought came to him the instant he managed to corrupt quantum energy! It made him realize that in theory, he could corrupt everyone and anything in the quantum realm since their origin was quantum energy!

Entities and objects within the Echoing Tower were no different!

'If I succeed in this, Uranus is going to experience the dreadful time in his life chasing me.' Felix smirked coldly.