Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1748 The Hundredth Floor. XI

1748 The Hundredth Floor. XI

Felix and the rest of the tenants were all left stunned speechless the moment Felix turned around and saw Eris standing behind him in flesh.

Many thoughts and questions roamed their minds, but there were no answers for them. All Felix could muster to utter was, "How..."

"I have my ways." Eris replied calmly while getting closer to Felix.

Instinctively, Felix stepped away from her.

He understood that his current strength might be enough to bully the natives, but against unigins? He was no different than a mortal even with the force being standardized.

"Why, just why are you taking the three rulers' side? I don't get it, I genuinely don't." Felix remarked with a puzzled expression mixed in with a bit of dread.

He knew that it wasn't the time to wonder about Eris' ways of finding him. He didn't even bother to run away, understanding that it would be near impossible in his current condition.

Thus, all he could do was buy some time until reinforcement arrived.

"Apollo already showed me your past with Asna. You were as close as a mother and daughter...You even named her." Felix pressed on, "So, why aren't you taking her side and helping me rescue her? I can understand your hopelessness before to save her, but I am here now, I can deal with the three rulers. I just need some support, I just need you to believe in me."

While he was trying to buy time, Felix was genuinely troubled by the notion of Eris being his enemy. He had a great conversation with her before and from the memories shown to him by Apollo, he recognized that she had more reasons to be on his side than against him.

Unlike Uranus, who was as desperate for freedom as the three rulers, Eris didn't seem to care that much. Thus, she had no reason to be loyal to the three rulers.

Eris remained silent for a moment as she gazed at his hopeful visage, his eyes reflecting a sense of expectation.

It made her understand that Felix truly desired for her to join his side and had no intentions of making an enemy out of her...And he wasn't thinking as such out of fear but sorrow.

Eris shook her head with a faint bitter smile and said, "Little paragon, you won't understand, but I am already helping you,"

Felix and the tenants were left confused and a bit hopeful that she might have changed her mind.

Alas, before Felix could respond, Eris unleashed her Reality Cage with a casual flick of her wrist!

The atmosphere glistened for a split second and then Felix found himself transported to a realm that defied understanding.

In this realm, the ground beneath Felix's feet alternated between solid and liquid without warning, the sky changed colors with the blink of an eye, and structures materialized and dissolved in the span of a breath.

Felix felt chills course down his spine as he recognized this space immediately. His clone had been caught in it before and made him feel absolutely hopeless without an ounce of resistance against Eris' authority.

"How is this helping me? Are you insulting my intelligence?" Felix said with a deep frown while his mind was working hard to come up with a solution for his escape.

"Just wait here patiently until Uranus and Demeter arrive," Eris uttered calmly as she sat down cross-legged. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

She brought out a book and started reading it in silence, not bothering to give Felix a single glance.

Felix opened his mouth, but soon closed it again, understanding that words had no more use against her.

'How the hell do I get out of here?'

Felix's mind raced to find a way out even though he understood that the surreal landscape obeyed no rules but those whimsically imposed by the goddess of chaos.

Still, he attempted every strategy that came to mind, drawing upon the depth of his powers to break spacetime, to alter his surroundings, to create a breach in the fabric of this reality, anything that could serve as his escape.

Alas, he soon realized that his laws had been removed from this realm, leaving him with only water and lightning-based laws...Even his vibration control was gotten rid of.

'She must have yet to figure out that you have already ascended with Zeus and Poseidon's cores.' Thor remarked.

'It's understandable.' Lady Sphinx clarified, 'Felix was still chained up by the universe and this makes everyone assume that he has no control over all the laws whatsoever.'

The rest of the unigins were not aware of the loophole Felix had taken advantage of due to the unique nature of his situation.

Since Felix hadn't exposed those laws in public after entering the Echoing Tower, Eris had no way of finding out unless she interacted with the Vibronxians and the mercenaries in the trials.

At least, this was what everyone had assumed.

'What can you even do with those two laws to leave this place?' Candace asked with a worried tone.

'I don't know.'

Felix went silent after his response. He understood that this place was an inescapable prison and Eris was its warden. The only method for him to escape was if she permitted him.

As for breaching the prison from the outside? He may not be able to reach out to Apollo telepathically, but he understood that Eris wasn't dumb enough to not account for his intervention.

'Sh*t, sh*t, sh*t, where did she come from?!'

As expected, Apollo was seen floating around the visible cubic dimensional prison with a look of distress. He had arrived the moment he received Felix's SOS...Alas, he was still a tad too late.

He had already used many light/darkness-based attacks to destroy the dimensional prison, but none seemed to work.

The dimensional prison was absorbing those attacks akin to an ever-hungry black hole, which made Apollo realize that Eris had made her prison immune to his laws.

The only good news from all of this was Eris' inability to separate the dimensional prison from the tower's dimension.

The tower's spacetime was under the control of the stone of reality and not even Eris could alter it to her advantage.

If it seemed possible, they wouldn't have failed to obtain the stone of reality during the old times.

It was like the stone of reality's authority on the universe's laws was even higher than the unigins themselves.

As Apollo lowered his hands, the light and darkness fading from his grasp, he turned to his alter ego for assistance.

'What do we do now?' Apollo asked with a solemn tone, 'Uranus is fast approaching and since Eris has decided to use this approach, it means she isn't at full capacity to fight us both.'

While Apollo hadn't figured out how Eris entered the tower with them, he predicted that she might have possessed someone.

Prince Malakar was the first to come to his mind due to his bizarre ability to control his emotions when he got antagonized by Dankin.

'If your assumption is correct, then Eris must be 70% weakened.' His alter ego responded coldly, 'Her current form is more or less the same as a clone with 30% of her original strength. However, if she were to form her core and soul, it would be a different story.'

Indeed, Eris was still functioning with a mere wisp of consciousness and no core. However, they understood that the true terror of chaos and order laws was the fact she could turn the impossible into possible.

In other words, she seemed able to reform her core and soul even if she was locked inside the Echoing Tower's spacetime!

'The game is over when that happens.' Apollo's alter ego advised, 'So, you have to either get him out or get rid of her before then.'

'What do you think I am trying to do.' Apollo's eyelids twitched, 'I asked you for assistance not to paraphrase my sh*tty situation.'

'Ask for that girl's help. She might be able to break the prison apart with her vibration manipulation.'

'That's actually helpful.' Apollo raised an eyebrow in surprise after recalling that Commander Bia could control vibration to shape up reality to her desire!

'Bia, leave the map alone and swiftly fly to the All-Seeing-Eye.' He stressed.

'Huh? Why? I am so close to reaching the original map.' Commander Bia seemed made confused.

'There is no need for that anymore.' Apollo paused, 'They are already in possession of both the map and the paragon.'

'Come again?'

Commander Bia felt her heart drop to the bottom of her stomach in dread and shock at the sound of such a horrifying sentence.

When she heard 'they', the only thing that came to her mind seemed the image of Uranus being in the same place as her...