Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1749 The Hundredth Floor. XII

1749 The Hundredth Floor. XII

'Move it, Uranus is on the way and we have to free him before his arrival.' Apollo pressured after noticing Commander Bia's silence.

'I..On my way!'

Commander Bia's emotions were somewhat settled when she realized that Uranus hadn't arrived. She switched her direction and flew towards the All-Seeing-Eye, whose eyelid was on the verge of collapsing in exhaustion.

'The moment the day cycle arrives, leave the floor immediately!' Commander Bia ordered her squad, knowing that it was time to bounce.

Without questions asked, Plix, Dankin, and the rest of the squadmates took off towards the exit the second the day cycle had taken over the floor.

Everyone who survived the massacre had joined them in their path.

They were given the scare of a lifetime and no one was stupid enough to remain behind and experience another night cycle.

Apollo and Commander Bia left them be.

"What am I looking at?" Commander Bia asked as she gazed at the dimensional prison.

"It's a dimensional confinement created out of chaos." Apollo explained with a solemn tone, "I believe that it is capable of blocking any type of law."

"Huh? How are we supposed to break it?" Commander Bia was left stunned.

"I want you to change its chaotic structure using quantum energy." Apollo shared.

"That, I can try."

Without wasting time, Commander Bia commenced her attempt by pointing a palm at the dimensional chaotic prison and then releasing an invisible vibrational wave.

The vibrational wave turned into quantum energy on its path and when it arrived at the chaotic surface, it started to engulf the entire prison.

When the invisible sphere of quantum energy surrounded the prison, she clenched her fist and uttered, "Decompose!"

As it made contact, a spectacular display of light and shadow occurred!

Initially, it seemed as if the quantum sphere began to decompose the chaotic fabric of the prison, its orderly energy untwisting the chaotic bonds that held the structure together. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Alas, before they could feel joyful, the meeting of these energies did not destroy Eris's creation...But rather, their merger forged a new, more formidable barrier, stronger and more resilient than before!

"The hell..."

"It's like the chaos found a way to absorb quantum energy and strength itself through it..." Apollo smiled wryly, "I knew it wouldn't be so simple. This is Eris we are dealing with."

When it came to chaos manipulation, the Chaosians could be said to barely scratch the surface compared to the mastery Eris had reached.

Even in the quantum realm, in a foreign place, she was able to understand the structure of quantum energy and find a way to wield it on her side.

This small display was enough to let Commander Bia and Apollo understand that no matter how hard they tried to change reality, the dimensional prison would remain stable since it could counter quantum energy in its origin form!!

'Felix, any thoughts?'

Apollo inquired with a deep hopeless sigh as he awakened Felix's dormant wisp of consciousness inside his consciousness space.

Both of them had placed their consciousness wisps inside and left them dormant for emergencies.

After all, they were entering the Echoing Tower and it was extremely easy to get separated and lost in it.

'You failed in using quantum energy?' Felix's wisp frowned deeply after noticing Commander Bia near him.

'Yes, she turned the prison into an unbreakable fortress.' Apollo suggested, 'Can you use the All-Seeing-Eye to fire a beam at it?'

'I can't open the eye while it's exhausted.' Felix intoned, 'We have to wait until the night cycle arrives. Plus, I doubt it will work.'

In his eyes, if quantum energy was useless, then the anti-quantum energy beam would be even worse.

That's because Eris must have created the dimensional prison from the elemental energy within her instead of relying on the quantum energy. For the goddess of strife and order, she could easily gain control over quantum energy.

'What else can we do?' Apollo started to get a bit agitated, 'If Uranus arrived or Eris reformed her core, you are doomed.'

'Your loyalty is always commendable.'

Felix's eyelids twitched in irritation as he understood that Apollo had no interest in getting caught with him...In other words, the moment Uranus arrived, he would ditch him in a heartbeat.

Seeing that Apollo acted deaf to his sarcastic comment, Felix's expression turned serious again.

'I still have control over water and lightning laws. It seems Eris has no idea about it.' Felix shared, 'I have a plan in mind through using those laws, but I am not certain if it will work.'

'What is it?'

'It goes like this...'

Felix narrated the whole strategy from A to Z, involving both Apollo and Commander Bia in it. When he was done,Apollo raised an eyebrow in surprise.

'You sure it will work? I know that Zeus can use such ability, but it's not easy to pull off, especially against unigins.' Apollo countered, 'We are always wary against it when dealing with him.'

'That's why it is almost impossible for it to succeed.' Felix added with narrowed eyes, 'But, Eris has no idea about my ability to utilize lightning/electromagnetism laws. We have a chance to pull a quick one on her.'

'Aight, I am in...It's not like we have any other option.'

Apollo went on and fed the plan to Commander Bia who was even more taken aback by how insane it sounded.

However, she kept her comments to herself and left the place, heading towards the floor's exit to wait for her part of the plan.

Meanwhile, Felix and Eris could be seen both sitting cross-legged inside the dimensional prison.

Eris was as unbothered as always, reading her book in peace...She knew that Felix had no escape unless he surprised her.

At her current stage, it was hard to surprise her.

"We should have a couple of months or less at most before Uranus enters the tower due to the time difference." Felix discussed with his tenants, "This gives me some time to train on you guys. I only have one chance and it has to be perfect."

"I volunteer as a tribute." Thor offered himself.

"An idiot like you can't be much of a help." J?rmungandr offered, "I suggest Lady Sphinx, Elder Kraken, or Lord Marduk. They possess the highest intelligence among us and it should reflect some of the difficulty when doing it on Eris."

"I don't mind it." Lord Marduk agreed.

"Likewise."

"Mmmm."

Lord Marduk and the rest agreed to be Felix's guinea pigs for his training.

"Let's start then."

Felix's eyes flickered with an electrical charge as he gazed at his targets, having no interest in wasting time.

He understood that Eris might seem to chill about the whole imprisonment and had given him the freedom to do as he pleased...In reality, she was also focusing her energy on reforming her core and soul, a process that wasn't to be taken lightly at all.

***

Threemonths later...

Uranus and Demeter had finally set foot on the topmost floor of the Echoing Tower, their presence alone marked a significant change in the tower's atmosphere!

It was like the tower had recognized their arrival to be tied to an upcoming catastrophe.

"Let's move it, we have already wasted enough time because of you," Uranus uttered as he walked towards a predetermined destination.

"My laws are close to useless here, give me a break," Demeter replied with an irked tone while chasing after him.

"Eris has already caught the main cockroach, the other one is still near him." Uranus uttered coldly, "We can't let him escape after all the sh*t he put us through."

'Also, I have to catch that ungrateful b*tch for daring to have thought about killing me.' He kept this thought to himself.

The moment they stepped inside the tower, communication with Eris was reestablished and she told them about her success in capturing Felix.

Before, she couldn't share with them many details since her wisps outside of the tower weren't linked with the one inside.

Thus, while she could tell them that she had a mole inside the tower, she wasn't able to give them details since she likewise had no clue about them.

Right now, she was guiding them towards the discovered entrances of the topmost five floors, turning a journey that should have lasted weeks to months of search into a journey of less than a couple minutes!