Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1751 The Hundredth Floor. XIV(The end)

﻿﻿1751 The Hundredth Floor. XIV(The end)

Meanwhile, Commander Bia, Apollo, and Felix were seen still standing in front of the floor's exit.

Commander Bia had a look of concern on her face as she knew that Uranus should be closer to the tower than ever.

"We need to leave now! We can't escape from Uranus if he chases after us floor by floor." Commander Bia rushed them.

Her entire calculations were thrown down the drain after Felix got caught and they had to wait for three months until he made his move.

She was relying on those three months to put as much distance as possible from Uranus. So, by the time he entered the tower, she should be already on the bottom forty floors.

"Go ahead and meet up with your squad. We will join you up in the jungle." Felix permitted with a composed tone as he gazed at the All-Seeing-Eye. He had kept the menacing eye closed shut ever since its initial exhaustion for this very moment.

"But..."

"Go."

Without questions asked, Apollo sent Commander Bia towards the entrance on a cloud of darkness.

Then, he turned to Felix and asked, "You really going for it? Eris won't sit by and watch."

"I have to give it a try, based on the map's details, the eye will make it ten times easier to cross past the tower's challenges," Felix nodded solemnly as he extended his palm towards the All-Seeing-Eye.

"You better be quick then." He added, "I have a feeling that Uranus is just around the corner."

"Don't worry, I have something prepared for it."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix commanded the All-Seeing-Eye to shine the entrance of the hundredth floor with its brilliant green beam!

Whoosh!

The beam cut through the dim light of the tower's interior like a lance, striking the entrance with a force that shook the very foundations of the hundredth floor!

The entrance began to disintegrate, particles of its existence evaporating under the relentless assault of the green light!

Since even the spatial portals were made out of quantum energy, they were just as receptive to the destructiveness of the beam!

In less than a second, the entrance was no longer to be seen, cutting off the hundredth-floor connection to the floor before it!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Let's hope this works."

With a composed expression, Felix switched his focus back to All-Seeing-Eye and started its shrinking process!

Before he got caught by Eris, he had plans to leave the eye in its place and make Uranus's life hell by destroying the exit to the next floor.

While he knew that the tower would recreate a new exit and entrance after some time, it would help him put a decent distance between them.

But now? He desired to bring it with him on his journey, knowing that its anti-quantum beam would be more than helpful in many future scenarios.

Since it was corrupted fully, he was more than able to shrink and enlarge its size based on his desires.

At this moment, the eye was noticeably growing smaller and smaller. It didn't escape Eris' eyes. Yet, she didn't make a move against it.

"Should I stop him or help restore the entrance before it's too late?"

She realized that Felix had destroyed the entrance first to keep her busy, knowing that it was within her powers to recover the entrance before the tower could do it naturally.

If it was left for the tower, it might take days or even months before it gets restored...She knew that by then, Felix would have already put a decent distance between them.

If she turned her focus on Felix and attempted to stop him, she would succeed, but he would be able to easily leave the tower with Apollo as his bodyguard.

Without the absoluteness of being in her personalized reality, other unigins had a decent chance of surviving against her.

However, she wasn't foolish to miss on one important note.

'If he took the eye with him and it proved to be useful on other floors, he could destroy the rest of the entrances and leave us always behind him.' Eris narrowed her eyes in focus at the shrinking eye, 'He must not bring it with him.'

'Eris! What the hell is going on? Did you lead us to the wrong place? We can't find the entrance anywhere.'

Suddenly, she received an angered telepathic message from Uranus. He ought to feel this way as he had turned the entire area upside down and found nothing.

'The paragon has escaped my grasp and destroyed the entrance. Wait until it gets restored, I have something to deal with.' Eris replied calmly, making up her mind to prioritize the destruction of the All-Seeing-Eye.

'How did you know she would prioritize the eye?' Candace remarked with an awed tone, feeling quite astonished that Felix was matching Eris in a battle of wits.

In her mind, whether Eris focused on the entrance or the eye, Felix was the winner. To put the goddess of order and chaos in such a loss-loss situation wasn't easy.

'While her control over chaos is overpowered, it has some limitations.' Felix clarified, 'I assumed that she would try to rewind time around the entrance area, which will help with its restoration.'

'But, with each millisecond going by, it would get harder and harder for her to achieve it since the tower would kick off its natural restoration of the entrance.'

'If she made her move then, it would be the same as going against the tower's authority or more specifically, the stone of reality's authority.' He added calmly, 'We all know that its authority rivals that of the universe.'

'However, since I can do the same to the rest of the entrances with the All-Seeing-Eye, the smartest decision is to target the eye even if Uranus and Demeter would be held back for a couple of weeks to months.'

He paused for a moment before sighing, 'I wish she chose the entrance and left me with the eye, but I can't be too greedy.'

'I see.'

Candace's eyes glistered in amazement as she watched Eris summon two massive swords, each a manifestation of the two laws she commanded.

The first was forged from the essence of order and was glowing with a brilliant pure white light.

The second was drawn from the depths of chaotic energy, pulsing with an ever-shifting, mesmerizing pattern.

With the massive swords above her head, Eris flipped a mere page of her book and the swords arced towards the All-Seeing Eye with a momentum that assured destruction!

Yet, just as the swords were about to make contact with the Eye, Felix intervened with a saddened look.

He issued a command, his voice carrying the weight of his authority over the Eye.

"Implode."

In response to his command, the All-Seeing Eye began to tremble, its surface rippling as if caught in an internal struggle!

Then, in a spectacle that no inhabitant of the tower had ever witnessed, the Eye started to collapse in on itself!

Eris halted the swords on their track and manifested a simple barrier the moment the All-Seeing-Eye self-destructed in a brilliant explosion of green energy!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

The sky lit up with the remnants of the Eye's power while the dazzling light spread across the entire floor, flooding the mountains, the desolate trees, the hills, the fog, and the dried-out land.

This light carried the same concentration and destructiveness as the green beam, causing the entire floor to start falling apart into the all-devouring void!!

"Let's get going, we have bought ourselves some precious time."

"With everything that happened, I take this as a small victory."

"Think of it as you want." With one last glance at the hundredth floor, Felix stated coldly, "They are now closer than ever."

With Apollo by his side, Felix turned away from the spectacle and stepped through the entrance just before the green gleam enveloped them.

Whooosh!!

The explosion wiped out the mountain, the creepy smile on it, and the entrance within it without an ounce of mercy, leaving behind utter nothingness!

As the green gleam died out, at last, the hundredth floor became a vacuumed pitch-black space with a sole entity floating in it.

Eris gazed at where the exit used to be and instead of feeling irritated and angered, she merely cracked a faint smile.

'Not bad, truly, not bad.'

Then, she sat cross-legged in nothingness and continued reading her book from where she left, completely ignoring Uranus' furious curses and insults flooding her mind.

'How could possibly you let him f*cking escape! I knew it! I knew you were working against us all along!'

'Let us f*cking in! I will catch the vermin on my own!'

'Eris! I understand you can hear me! LET US IN!'

'LET US IN!'