Chapter 1754 A Little Ambush.

1754 A Little Ambush.

Seven Days Later...

Uranus and Demeter were seen sitting in front of a spatial portal on the verge of becoming whole again.

When Uranus sensed the released energy after its completion, he snapped his eyes open, showing an untamed amount of suppressed rage.

"Don't do anything stupid." Demeter frowned.

She could feel that Uranus had no plans to let things rest with Eris. The fact she had ignored their calls for the past week made him even more pissed.

Uranus ignored her and went to the other side, forcing her to give chase. The moment she opened her eyes, she sighed in exasperation at the sight of Uranus rushing towards Eris.

"ERIS!!! How dare you change sides!!"

Ahead, Eris awaited him, her demeanor was calm unlike the storm of emotions that Uranus brought with him.

She gently closed her book and placed it on her lap. Seeing that he was still being ignored, Uranus could no longer control his emotions anymore.

He raised his fist, energy gathering around it, vibrating at a frequency so intense that the very fabric of spacetime around them began to show signs of strain! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"LOOK AT ME WHEN I AM TALKING TO YOU."

With a roar that echoed through the recovered floor, he unleashed his attack, a vibrational punch aimed directly at Eris, intended to shatter, not just her form, but the reality around her!

It was an assault that could obliterate mountains, rend seas, and topple the very pillars of reality.

Yet, as it neared its target, Eris extended a single finger, her movement delicate, almost dismissive.

Immediately after Eris's finger met Uranus's vibrating fist, at that singular point of contact, all the chaotic vibrations that Uranus had harnessed were effortlessly negated!

The vibrations ceased, absorbed, and nullified by the laws of order that Eris wielded so masterfully.

The expected destruction did not come; instead, a mere puff of air landed on Eris' face, moving some stalks of hair away from her face.

"Didn't know you were such a gentleman, thank you." Eris teased, her voice light, mocking the fury and power he had just displayed.

Uranus was still burning with the fire of his intent, but he didn't throw another attack, understanding that he wouldn't be able to afford a full-blown battle against her.

"Eris, mind explaining the situation?" Demeter stepped in to make amends before Uranus did something foolish again.

"There isn't much to be explained...I got outsmarted." Eris waved her hand and displayed them what happened.

When Uranus saw the scenes, he realized that Eris had no blame on her. Well, she could have gone a bit harder on Felix by crippiling him or such, but he understood that Eris almost never restored to such a barbaric way of handling things.

"Lighting and Water Laws." Demeter narrowed her eyes, "It seems he was able to ascend even while sealed by the universe."

"Fortunately, those laws are useless in here if one knows about them." Uranus said coldly, having no interest in apologizing.

"Indeed, if Eris knew about them, he wouldn't have been able to use either ability even if she hadn't removed them from her reality." Demeter nodded.

Any ability related to internal attacks was easily defendable by unigins since they had much better control over their bodies. Though, they needed to be prepared for the attacks.

"Let's go, they shouldn't have made it to the ninetieth floor. We have to catch them before they arrive at the seventieth...We can't leave it without sacrifices." Eris disclosed.

"Share with us the map. We need it in case we get lost." Uranus demanded with an indifferent expression.

"Of course." Eris waved her hands and gave them both two scroll copies. After a single glance, they threw the maps away and took off towards the entrance.

***

As Eris, Uranus, and Demeter entered the bioluminescent floor of the Echoing Tower, their minds were focused solely on catching up.

So, none of them cared about the vibrant glow of the flora that illuminated their path or the dangers that lay within.

However, their rapid advance was abruptly halted after arriving at the center of the jungle. It was here that they found themselves suddenly encircled by an army of demonized creatures. Each one radiated the all too noticeable dark energy of corruption.

There were hundreds of them!

"It seems we've walked into a little ambush. I knew he would have done something like this." Eris chuckled.

"Tsk, he thinks this is enough to hold us back?" Uranus sneered.

"We should still be careful." Demeter warned as she got into battle position, "Those creatures can do all sorts of bizarre attacks."

"You can go ahead, I will deal with them." Uranus uttered coldly.

"Alright."

Neither Eris nor Demeter fought him back on his decision. Eris flipped a page in her book, attempting to switch their positions with two pebbles at a distance.

However, her ability had failed!

"Oh? There must be a creature here with an ability to lockdown spatial movement." She commented with a curious look.

"Then, you can stay and watch."

Uranus had already run out of patience and decided to obliterate their foes in one fell swoop.

He extended his arm to the ground and began to pull vibrational energy, causing the air to quiver, visibly distorting as waves of energy converged into a single, pulsating point between hand and the ground!

"Hmmm?"

However, as the energy reached its peak, Uranus detected an unexpected anomaly.

The vibrations started to diminish in intensity as if being suppressed...Confused, he opened his eyes and scanned the battlefield, his gaze finally settling on Eris.

"Don't look at me."

With a nonchalant shrug, she gestured at their surroundings, telling him that it must be the doing of another native creature.

There were hundreds of them and if there was one capable of blocking spatial movement, it wouldn't be surprising for another to have a way with vibrations.

As expected, when Uranus searched for the source of the interference, he quickly noticed a small peculiar bird phasing in and out of existence while radiating a different kind of aura. An aura that seemed to absorb and neutralize vibrational energy in the area!

"What a joke." Uranus snickered in derision as he extended his arm towards the bird.

Then, just like he caught its neck, he tightened his grip and the bird ended up imploding instantly, releasing powerful vibrational waves across the jungle!

The moment the bird died, all the native beasts and creatures turned their focus on Uranus. Then, with a murderous demonic glare, they charged at them together!

Rumble Rumble!

Each one used their powerful unique capabilities to deal as much damage as possible to their enemies. Spatial abilities, temporal attacks, light/darkness-based projectiles, and even some peculiar never-seen-before energies!

"Eris, I kindly need your help," Demeter uttered with a solemn tone.

"Of course, darling." Eris flipped to another page and suddenly, a rock symbol mark appeared on Demeter's forehead.

Using her chaos laws, she made it possible for Demeter to have temporary control over quantum laws that correspond to the earth...Just like the ground beneath them right now.

The moment it manifested, Demeter slammed her hand on the ground, and the entire bed collapsed, creating a massive sinkhole, where all the rushing creatures fell underneath it.

She fell with them while Eris and Uranus remained hovering in the sky, anticipating the barrage of projectiles!