Chapter 1755 The Eternal Hourglass Floor.

1755 The Eternal Hourglass Floor.

Unfazed, Uranus waved his hand and created an invisible wall of vibration separating them and the projectiles!

The moment the projectiles went through it, their form broke down and turned into colorful quantum energy!

Then, he turned the same quantum energy into vibrational arrows and fired them back at each creature as they were falling down the sinkhole.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Unlike the jungle predator, none of them had an immunity to laws, causing them to burst into energy the moment they got pierced by the arrows!

The ones who managed to escape were finished off by Demeter, using her new control over quantum earth to bring out spikes from the sides of the sinkhole and impale those creatures in an instant.

Just like that, more than hundreds of jungle creatures that put nightmares into the hearts of other adventures were taken care of!

"Let's go." Uranus sneered, "He bought himself a second, must have been worth..."

Before he could finish his sentence a sudden hazy figure burst forth with lethal speed out of nowhere. In a flash, it unsheathed its blades and aimed at Uranus' neck.

Pheeew!

The air whistled as the blade cut through, aimed to decapitate the God of Cosmos!

However, Uranus had never let down his guard.

With a swift and somewhat relaxed evasion, he moved his head to the side and the deadly blade passed mere inches above his head, slicing through the air where he had stood a moment earlier!

The Jungle Predator, its initial strike having missed, twisted in the air with feline agility and landed gracefully on a nearby tree.

There, it perched upside down, its roots gripping the bark as it had so many times before, blending almost perfectly with the dark surroundings.

Yet, its eyes, cold and calculating, fixed on the trio with a murderous glare.

"He even demonized the Jungle Predator, not bad." Uranus cracked his neck with an unbothered look.

Just as Demeter was about to speak, The Jungle Predator made its move again and this time, it targeted none other than Eris!

Eris kept dodging its dreadful attacks with the elegance of a swan, her book never left her arms.

Every time an attack seemed too close, she would switch her location with another object in her field of view.

"Let's just avoid it and leave to the next floor," Demeter suggested after receiving the Jungle Predator's focus for being closer to him than the others.

With her current temporary control, she was easily able to keep it at bay by manipulating the surface around her.

"It will keep chasing us down." Uranus replied coldly, "We have to get rid of it now."

"How?" Demeter's eyelids twitched.

With its immunity to all laws, not even Eris could stop it with her chaos/order laws. As for killing it with their physical strength? It was out of the picture too since it would take them a significant amount of time.

They refused to waste more and widen the gap.

"I have a plan, follow me."

Without saying much, Eris flipped a page off her tome and the three of them got teleported nearer to the entrance by switching their location. Then, she did it a couple more times until they were right before the exit.

The Predator, sensing their attempt to flee, let out a ferocious roar and pursued them through the massive network of roots underground!

It took almost no time to catch up to them!

The moment it saw them going through the portal, it leaped into it too, having no plans of letting them out of its sight.

Alas, after opening its eyes, the sight greeting it was of the same bioluminescent jungle!

Confused, it looked around it for a few moments before it realized that it had returned to the same floor.

It made its way through the network of roots without any hesitation and arrived at the same exit. The creature then passed through it. However, to its dismay, it found itself back at the entrance of the jungle once again!

Skreeeee!! ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The Jungle Predator could only scream in anger and confusion.

However, since it was given orders to stay on them at all costs, it could do nothing but repeat the same process over and over again.

Meanwhile, Eris, Uranus, and Demeter were seen traveling across an infinite golden desert with a massive Hourglass above their heads.

"It should be stuck in an infinite loop between the exit and entrance of the jungle floor," Eris remarked casually without bothering to glance behind her, certain that she had taken care of the predator.

"If only it was possible for you to link us up with the lower floors' portals." Demeter sighed.

She understood that Eris' dimensional configuration of those portals was possible only if she had the coordinates of a portal on another side.

In this instance, she could have sent the predator to the hundredth floor or outside of the tower!

"Well, I could send us straight to the first floor or the first ten floors." Eris remarked calmly, "But, nothing guarantees us that the little paragon will stick around to reach the bottom floors."

"True, they could be searching for the first exit point to leave the tower." Demeter nodded in agreement.

In her eyes, if she were in their shoes, she would be gone the moment she got caught once.

"Enough chitchat and more walking," Uranus said indifferently, "If we are lucky, we might be on the same floor as them."

He stated this only because this floor was known for casting a temporal passive on everyone, forcing them to walk across the desert for eternity.

It was called: The Eternal Hourglass Floor.

On this floor, they were not allowed to sprint, teleport, or even use other temporal-based abilities to offset the negative effect...All they could do was walk and walk.

That's all due to the massive golden hourglass above their head. Currently, it was spilling sand particles and filling almost half of it.

They knew that the moment the last sand particle descended to the other side, everything on this floor would be reset...Including all the progress they had made, putting them back in the starting zone!

"If they didn't possess the map, I might have agreed with you." Demeter shook her head, "Too bad, they should have already found the exit and left the desert."

"That damned map, where did it come from, and who created it?" Uranus cursed.

Although he was also exploring the map's details, he wished no one else possessed seen it.

In this manner, Felix, Apollo, and Commander Bia would be lost in the topmost floors, making it much easier to find them.

"Any theories?" Demeter sought out Eris as she was also curious about the map's origin.

"We are in the Echoing Tower." Eris replied calmly, "Anything and everything is possible. For all we know, it could be the stone of reality itself creating it to lure in new victims."

The moment Uranus heard the term victim, he shuddered in dread...He remembered some nasty memories during their mission to reclaim the stone of reality.

As one of the party members who almost lost his life to the stone of reality, he possessed absolutely no aims of ever getting close to it again.

Few things could scare Uranus in this universe...He could boldly proclaim that the stone of reality was at the very top of that list...

"Think of something to get us out of this floor quickly, we can't possibly reach the exit before the rest occurs," Uranus stated as he gazed at the half-finished Hourglass.