Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1758 Back Home.

1758 Back Home.

'Thought so too.'

Felix had the same idea...He understood that they might stay hidden in a book for a long time and that being in a familiar environment was better.

Without further ado, he fed the Librarian monster his desired memories to create his world and waited patiently for it to finish.

A moment later, Felix was introduced to a book cover door with the chosen story of his life on the other side.

A bit skeptical, Felix opened up the door and walked inside. When his eyes adjusted to the light, his expression couldn't help but soften a little.

"The Sky Pearl Island...It's been a while." While walking on the sandy beach, he murmured as he gazed at the beautiful clear sky.

He had chosen Sky Pearl Island as their hiding space since it was one of the few places still dear in his heart after traveling the entire universe.

He used memories of when it was still deserted with a rundown hotel at its center, which was the reason it brought out those nostalgic emotions.

"Is this place real? Is it created out of laws? Or is it just an illusion?" Lord Marduk questioned with a solemn tone, uncaring about Felix going down memory lane.

"It can't be an illusion, but it sounds too unrealistic to be made out of la..."

Before Felix could finish his sentence, he remembered the place he was in...He swiftly turned to the ocean in front of him, and with a single finger raised, the entire ocean rose to the sky, abiding by his commands akin to a god's decree!

"It can't be..." With a dazed expression, he lowered his finger and returned the ocean to its place.

"This is too freaky." Candace remarked, "He can replicate everything in reality based on real laws. Doesn't this make it quite invincible inside its own dimensional pocket?"

A creature with control over all laws and immunity to them was the true definition of invincibility!

"It can't be that simple." Felix shook his head, "Firstly, those laws are quantum-based laws, which means anyone with control over quantum energy can affect them. Secondly, it seems the Librarian monster can't access its own dimensional pocket or any of the created stories."

"Still, it is quite extraordinary to have such an ability." J?rmungandr noted, "You can use this to your advantage."

"You mean to create an environment that supports my laws and denies our enemies' laws?" Felix raised an eyebrow.

"Why not? You were planning to hide here. It's much better to establish a favorable home ground in case sh*t went down." Thor supported.

The rest of the tenants agreed to the plan, making Felix understand that it wouldn't hurt to be prepared for the worst. But first, he had to bring everyone inside before Uranus and the others entered the library.

He alerted Apollo that their plan was a success and he should go bring the others in quickly. No longer caring about making noise, Apollo took off at unprecedented speed towards the exit's location.

In less than a few seconds, he spotted Commander Bia and the rest of the squad going to the next floor...He followed them in and after some time, they returned to the library on his dark cloud, which was veiled from the senses of the on-lookers.

Soon, they arrived at the Librarian's resting place, and without an ounce of hesitation, Apollo sent the cloud toward its wide-open jaw.

'WHAT THE F*CK ARE YOU DOING!!'

'AHHHH!!'

'You sucidial manicial! Stop!!'

Dankin and the rest of the squad were left scared shitless as they protected themselves while going inside the Librarian's mouth...They weren't given even a chance to escape.

Unbothered, Apollo continued on his path toward Felix's book and pulled everyone inside.

The moment everyone felt the gentle and warm sunlight on Sky Pearl Island, their agitation and fear slowly dissipated.

With a confused expression, they opened their eyes and gazed at the breathtaking scenery before them.

"Where are we?" Dankin murmured in bewilderment.

"The birthplace of a superstar, a legend, and my dearest partner." Apollo introduced with an awed tone as he gazed around him, feeling like he was visiting a place of legends.

"It's not the time for your crap." Felix's eyelids twitched.

Before anyone could add further to this discussion, he turned to Commander Bia and asked, "Were you seen heading to the exit or leaving the floor by others?"

"Yes, we were spotted by chaosians and nanites swarms." Commander Bia nodded.

"Good, this should aid us a little." Felix approved.

He knew that Eris wasn't easily fooled and if they didn't leave some giveaways of them leaving the floor, she might figure out their strategy. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

He even sent the last batch of his demonized creatures to the next floor and ordered them to hide in it.

Meanwhile, Apollo switched to his sea clothes immediately and lay on the beach, gazing at the beautiful oceanic view with a wide relaxed smile.

When he saw Felix offering him a cold glare, he waved his hand dismissively and said, "Relax, there is no path they will find us. Even if they figured us out, they will have to find a method to enter the Librarian's dimension like us."

Felix and the others survived the entry only because the Librarian was demonized and respected Felix's orders...In reality, he imprisoned anyone inside its dimension the instant they got in.

'This is Eris we are dealing with.' Felix replied with a stern tone, 'It will be too difficult to fool her twice. So, we should prepare for a battle, just in case.'

'Prepare for a battle? What do you have in mind?' Apollo raised his sunglasses in intrigue.

***

Sometime later...

Eris, Uranus, and Demeter were greeted by a labyrinthine library stretched out endlessly.

"I can formerly smell them," Uranus said with a sinister smile as he released his senses across the floor and picked up on their fresh prey scent.

'Don't talk out loud, it's best not to attract the Librarian to us.' Demeter frowned.

"He must have formerly demonized it." Uranus uttered nonchalantly, "But still, let me check."

Before Demeter could respond, Uranus raised his handsand clapped them together in a single, powerful motion!

KABOOM!

The sound exploded through the library like a thunderclap, echoing off the walls and sending ripples through the shelves!

The noise shattered the library's sanctity. The squads remaining behind to seek for treasures couldn't aid but freeze in shock.

'Someone is seeking death.' Mognki'r murmured to himself and restarted his search for ancient tomes, going through a book by book with his team.

Meanwhile,the silence was broken further by the creaking and groaning of the wooden shelves as the Librarian emerged from the shadows and stood above the three unigins.

When they noticed that it was demonized, their expression turned slightly pleased.

"They must be on the next two floors," Eris remarked confidently.

She had done her own share of calculations, which helped her figure out the standardized speed of Felix's party.

It wasn't hard to calculate it with all the kind of information in her possession, making her separate floors that would take them significant amounts of time to shorter times.

For example, she was certain that they had struggled in the desert since it was impossible to create portals in the tower while no one could pull off the same switcheroo ability as her.

"Let's get going then." Uranus said coldly, unbothered by the Librarian opening its wide jaw before them.