Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1759 Nowhere To Go.

1759 Nowhere To Go.

Just as it was about to start sucking them inside, the three unigins had their location swapped with three books.

Click! Click! Click!

The Librarian monster chased them down, but they were way too fast for it to catch. In almost no time, they arrived at the exit and went to the next floor.

Just as the Librarian monster attempted to chase them through the portal, it found itself returning to the entrance of the library.

The same strategy was used letter to letter, which wasn't surprising. After all, why change something that worked?

The only difference this time was that their approach had screwed Felix's up! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

'It worked!'

Candace was the first to celebrate with a delighted grin after she watched them leave the floor through the Librarian's eyes. Some of the tenants celebrated while the majority had a stoic solemn expression.

'What's wrong? Isn't this what we wanted?' Candace knitted her eyebrows in confusion.

'They are too fast, way too fast...' Lady Sphinx sighed, 'This isn't going to end well.'

'What do you mean?' Candace was still puzzled.

'After they travel a couple more floors and realize that there is no trace of us, Eris will be the first to figure out that we have hidden in one of the previous floors.' Felix explained with a serious voice, 'They will search floor by floor until they arrive at the library and find out our plan.'

'To make matters worse, they have been trapped on the Library floor after she modified the portal's destination.' Lord Loki said with a deep sigh.

'In other words, they are like sheep awaiting for slaughter.' Lord Shiva added coldly.

'Oh no...Then why the hell have you chosen this plan?'

Candace covered her mouth in dread, realizing that their strategy might have hastened their damnation. Meanwhile, Felix and the others realized that the plan had slowed it after witnessing the full extent of the three unigins' traveling speed.

While Apollo could travel at the speed of light, not everyone could handle it...Especially, the quantum natives with no relation to light.

If it wasn't for the 70th floor needing them to bring with them a few more members to pass it, they would have ditched everyone and traveled just them alone at their fastest possible speed.

Alas, they knew that the moment they reached the 70th floor, it would be the end of the journey for them unless they made a drastic decision.

Thus, they were forced to travel at a subpar speed to bring the others with them. Now, it seemed like they were about to pay the price.

'Apollo, prepare for battle.' Felix warned with a solemn tone, 'It's about to get rough.'

'What do you mean?' Apollo stopped sunbathing instantly and asked, 'Did our plan fail?'

'It didn't, but it's about to.'

***

Two floors below, Uranus, Eris, and Demeter could be seen floating in the middle of a reversed environment.

A peaceful volcanic chain lay below them, while a raging red ocean loomed above.

"Something isn't right..." Eris remarked as she narrowed her eyes in focus, "Based on my calculation, we should have caught them on this floor's entrance."

"Maybe, there was an error and they are on a lower floor?" Demeter said this even though she didn't believe it.

As expected, Eris would never make such a rookie mistake.

"I have already left room for error." Eris shared, "This is it."

In other words, if her calculations were perfect, which was almost always the case, they should have caught them on the upper floor!

"Also, there is no longer any presence of demonic creatures." Uranus added coldly, "I can understand them hiding their presence, but it is near impossible to hide evil energy from our senses."

It turned out, the three unigins were already familiar with Felix spying on them through his demonic creatures!

They probably didn't do anything about it since it would do nothing but waste their precious time.

"They must be hiding in the previous floors." Eris said calmly, "Search this place first and let's go back. I have locked down all the previous floors, making it impossible for them to go past us."

"Now, we are talking." Uranus' grin turned sinister at the realization that Felix and Apollo had nowhere to go anymore.

Even if they tried to escape to the topmost floors, they would be stuck there until their arrival!

...

After an in-depth search of the past three floors, the three unigins found themselves back in the silent library.

As they gazed at the infinite rows of towering bookshelves, a daunting sense of annoyance washed over them.

"They could be hiding anywhere in this labyrinth. How the hell are we supposed to find them?" Uranus cursed as he picked up a book and flipped through its pages, watching the millions of scenes of the caught victim's life.

Even as a unigin, he understood that it would take them forever to go through each book, searching for them.

If they wasted millions of years doing this, it would do more good to Felix than them. After all, the whole reason he was here was to reduce the punishment sentence or get rid of it entirely.

"Fortunately, they can't leave the tower by enlarging their bodies and returning to the matter universe," Demeter mentioned the bright side.

While unigins could leave the quantum realm anytime they wanted by enlarging their bodies, the same couldn't be said inside the Echoing Tower.

It was a completely sealed dimension with an overbearing authority on the same level as the universe.

This meant...If the tower made it an impossibility to leave its premise through any means other than the provided ones, no one could go against it.

Not even size manipulation would work and if they dared to try it, they would look stupid with their massive sizes inside the limited space of the tower's floors.

'There is no reason to search every book. You just need to catch the Librarian and leave the rest for me.' Eris remarked calmly as she gazed at the fast-approaching Librarian monster.

Uranus and Demeter raised their eyebrows in surprise, but they didn't question her methods. If she said she would do something, they knew she would deliver.

'So, what do you mean by catching it?' Demeter asked.

'Keep it affixed in one spot,' Eris said as she sat down on the floor with her tome wide open on her lap.

Then, she closed her eyes and started reading a page of the tome out loud while having her index finger pass through the sentences.

As she was doing this, peculiar letters started to emerge from the tome and hover above her head.

'I don't know what she is up to, but let's catch the thing first.' Demeter said sternly while slamming her palm on the ground, causing pillars to emerge around the Librarian, which turned into a closed-shut prison!

Before they could wonder if this was enough, The Librarian monster smashed through the prison like it was made out of brittle rocks and continued its charge!

Click! Click! Click!...

'With its immunity to laws, it might be a bit tough.' Demeter narrowed her eyes.