Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1760 Invading The Librarian!

1760 Invading The Librarian!

Meanwhile, Felix, Apollo, and the rest of the tenants were watching Uranus' and Demeter's desperate attempts to keep the Librarian in one place.

'Does she really have a way to figure out your location?' Lady Yggdrasil inquired softly.

'On paper, it shouldn't be possible.' Felix narrowed his eyes at the sight of Eris being surrounded by millions of illuminating letters, 'But, she is commanding the laws of chaos...This is enough to make us question everything.'

'If only it was possible to manipulate the Librarian's laws as we assumed...You would be inviting them inside instead of hiding like this.' Thor sighed in disappointment.

Indeed, having complete control over laws implied that Felix could easily create an environment with an accelerated time difference, which would help him get rid of the chains without entering the 20th floor.

However, it turned out the Librarian monster could only replicate environments based on the target's memories...In Felix's case, he had no other place with a faster time difference than his current location.

If he went and replicated his memories from Foremother Siamese's galaxy or within the ancestral dimensional pocket, he would be making things much worse.

This limitation also affected him in creating a perfect home ground for them since Felix had never visited a place, where it had no chaos/order, vibration, earth, and other laws under their control.

He couldn't order the Librarian to remove them from the created environment when it could only replicate those memories.

Thus, he opted to keep Sky Pearl Island as his desired location, knowing that even if he used an only ocean environment, Demeter would still be able to affect the ocean bed.

However, he did add Apollo's domain, a 100% replica of his territory in the Eternal Kingdom, hoping to give him the possibility of using territorial pressure against their enemies.

"Leave it to me."

Uranus grew impatient with their failed attempts and took matters into his own hands.

He increased his size until he was much bigger than the Librarian. Then, he phased behind the monster and crossed his massive arms around its gaping maw!

To maintain his firm hold while at the same time not getting sucked inside its mouth, he used his vibration laws to change the reality around them, causing the shelves to turn into gigantic wooden arms, which held into him!

Demeter provided additional support by affixing his legs to the ground. Since all of those abilities were cast on Uranus, the Librarian was left to deal with Uranus' unbreakable chokehold!

"Eris! Get it over it quickly." Uranus pressed with an irritated expression as he kept the Librarian held down in one place as she requested.

Eris ignored him and extended her senses, seeking to locate the nearest living being to them.

In no time, her senses locked on a member of Mognki'r's squad, who was searching one book after another without a care in the world.

'Switch.'

In a single blink, the location of the squad member and a chosen book in front of her were switched!

'The hell?'

The Quarkling was left stunned by the sudden change of environment. When he saw the Librarian and how Uranus, Eris, and Demeter, were handling it, his stun swiftly turned into pure dread!

'Leader!! Save me!! Some peculiar strangers have caught me!!'

He bellowed in fear while using his phasing ability to escape from Eris' clutch. Alas, Eris had no plans to let another one escape her grip.

With her newfound control over his being, she pushed the floating tome's letters inside the Quarkling's mind!

The letters rushed forward and began to circle the Quarkling's head in a dizzying torrent before funneling directly into his ears and eyes, penetrating his mind with relentless force!

The Quarkling gasped, his body seizing the information as flooded his senses, overwhelming him with a barrage of memories and commands.

After she was done, Eris pushed the overwhelmed Quarkling toward the Librarian with a simple and elegant gesture inside its wide-open jaw.

The Librarian was no shy fella and didn't hesitate to eat the Quarkling, causing it to disappear intoabyssal depths.

Eris closed her eyes and linked her consciousness with the devoured Quarkling, allowing her to witness everything happening to it.

'Interesting, it swallows his memories and uses them to create a story before finally imprisoning him inside of it.' Eris commentated with an intrigued tone after witnessing the process happen before her own eyes.

Knowing that she didn't have much time, she altered her focus to what truly matters. She tapped into the stored letters within the Quarkling and brought them out in the dimensional lobby, with countless doors to other books and stories!

Then, she waved her arm once and those letters flew akin to bullets across the dimensional space and went through those doors uninterrupted!

'As expected, only its exterior is immune to laws.' She said indifferently.

She suspected that it wouldn't be possible for the Librarian to have its internal dimensional space immune to laws too.

It was due to the notion that the Librarian was required to devour its targets whole. If its interior was also immune to laws, the eaten people would break apart into quantum energy the moment they travelled inside of it.

'Eris, how is it going?' Uranus frowned, 'Can I let go now?'

'I am searching for them.' Eris replied calmly, 'Keep hold of it for a while.'

Eris was indeed searching for Felix and his party through using those letters. Each letter gone through a book was linked to her tome, which in turn was connected to her.

With their infinite number, it provided her the ability to scanthrough millions of books in the blink of an eye!

Meanwhile, Felix and his tenants had seen the whole thing and were left with distressed expressions.

'Can't you do anything to kick her off?' Thor remarked with a stern tone.

'It's already too late.' Felix shook his head, 'These chaotic letters have been spread out and I can't do anything to stop them.'

Felix's control over the Librarian was as limited as its control over itself. He could not order it to do things beyond its creation...Dealing with those chaotic flimsy letters was one of them.

'How about you switch your location to another book?' Candace included with a concerned tone, 'If you conceal using your spiritual pressure and delete your world, she might not find you.'

In her eyes, Felix was doing Eris a favor by displaying her a familiar environment in the eternal kingdom...A single glance was enough to figure out their hiding spot.

'On paper, it sounds like the right call.' Felix replied with his eyes narrowed, 'But, it would never work against Eris. The moment she stepped inside the dimensional lobby, she had all the tools at her disposal to dig us from underneath the ground regardless of what ability used.' Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

'He is right.' Lilith included lazily, 'Those letters didn't just give her the ability to scan millions of books at once. They are her weapon, her limbs, her everything. With one word, she can turn those letters into homing missiles locked on both of them.'

'That simple? Why isn't she doing it already?' Thor raised an eyebrow in surprise.