Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1761 I...Caught...You...at...Last.

﻿﻿1761 I...Caught...You...at...Last.

'Because it is considered as abusing her laws and she will suffer from a small punishment.' Lilith clarified.

'Since she is in the Echoing Tower, she had no problems with receiving some of those punishments if necessity demanded it.' Felix nodded.

'In other words, it was better to bring them to their own prepared territory than to get found in another book for the sake of a small punishment.' Lady Sphinx concluded.

'I see...'

Candace started to realize that Felix wasn't the only one capable of abusing his laws to turn things to his advantage.

This made her more worried and scared of what was about to come next.

'Ready yourselves.'

When Felix understood that sooner or later, Eris' letters would go inside his world, he gave a stern gaze at Apollo and Commander Bia.

'It's the moment of the truth.'

Apollo cracked his knuckles while pulling out his Lyre, understanding that some of them might not make out of here alive.

Although they had a plan in place to handle their enemies, it was subpar at best when it came to dealing with upper celestial unigins.

But, there wasn't much they could do about it...The library offered them with the biggest chance of survival compared to the previous or upcoming floors, and they had to risk it.

'Found you.'

Suddenly, Eris' eyes gleamed for a second after she spotted a familiar environment inside one of the books.

Without an ounce of hesitation, she recalled the rest of the letters and sent them inside that world.

The letters gathered in one place and started stacking among each other until a bright curvy stunning female figure emerged. With a sudden flash of light, the figure turned into Eris herself!

"The chase is over, come out, and let's end things peacefully." Eris announced indifferently as she pushed her glasses upward her nose.

Although her senses hadn't picked up on anyone yet, she was certain that Felix and the rest were hiding here.

That's because the Librarian could not create multiple worlds using the memories of one person.

In other words, if Felix wasn't hiding here and using this environment as a distraction, it would do nothing but delay the inevitable and ruin his advantage.

"No response? I gues..."

Before Eris could make another move, a sudden flash of light appeared out of nowhere, targeting her back!

It was a spear of light, cutting through the peaceful atmosphere with the speed of light!

Eris had sensed the surge of energy at the last possible moment and turned sharply to face the incoming threat.

Without an ounce of fear, Eris met the spear with a brilliant flash of light!Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

However, instead of the expected impact, the spear disintegrated upon contact with Eris. The particles of light from which it was formed scattered into harmless, sparkling motes that faded into the air around her...

"Impressive, Apollo. But you should know better than to believe a mere spear of light can unsettle me." Eris commentated calmly.

"Then, how about millions of them?"

Apollo's playful voice resounded in the sky and before it could reach Eris' ears, she found herself surrounded by millions of blinding spears, coming from every single direction!!

Unfazed, Eris used the same technique to shut down the barrage of spears! She remained untouched as the spears went through her skin akin to being devoured by a black hole!

The analogy wasn't farfetched when considering that the technique used was called Order Cancelation!

A powerful and unique technique capable of summoning the exact opposite force of the targeted attack to counter it perfectly!

In this case, Eris had used it on her skin, which created a pitch-black barrier with a 100% light-absorbing effect!

Thus, the rain of spears ended up doing nothing but cast a brilliant glow across the Sky Pearl Island...An utterly useless attempt.

At least, this was what appeared to the onlookers. But in reality?

Whoosh Whoosh!!

'Hmmm?'

Eris raised her eyebrow slightly after Felix and Apollo suddenly emerged from within one of those flashes of light right before her eyes!

One came from the front and the other from the back, sandwiching her in the middle.

One was holding a spear made out of light while the other was carrying a black lightning bolt, crackling with fierce electric power.

Both of their expressions were cold, serious, and mostly, murderous.

For they understood that they were pushed into a corner and the only way forward was to go all out!

"Eriiis!!"

Apollo thrust his spear of light forward, attempting to pierce through Eris' chest. Simultaneously, Felix, with a matching overwhelming speed, lunged forward, his lightning bolt aimed directly at Eris' back!

They believed that Eris might leave a small opening in which she would be forced to either defend her front from the spear of light or her back from Felix's lightning bolt.

Alas, Eris was no pushover.

As the weapons neared, she invoked an advanced version of the Order Cancelation Technique!

This caused both attacks to halt the instant they touched her skin! The only difference this time was Eris' front side turned pitch-black while her back transformed into a gleaming, metallic surface!

The powerful electrical voltage was wholly negated by the peculiar metallic material akin to a fire being quenched by water!

'Damn it, she is untouchable!' Felix cursed with an ugly expression as he pulled away from Eris.

He was already informed that when Eris decided to take a battle seriously, it was nearly impossible to touch her...All because of this technique.

A technique capable of transforming her own body into the best material or energy capable of countering their attacks.

The only way around it was to utilize peculiar attacks that could not be countered, which was nearly impossible for either Felix or Apollo without abusing their laws.

If Felix still had his seven sin laws, bypassing this technique would be child's play...Too bad.

As she watched them create some distance from her, Eris remained unmoved, her eyes shifting forward to meet Apollo's and Felix's.

"Is that the extent of your creativity, gentlemen?" Eris remarked calmly, "No matter how powerfully wielded, simple laws cannot breach the defenses of one who commands the very principles of chaos and order."

Before Felix or Apollo could react, Eris clapped her hands once, and a part of the letters that made her existence broke apart and merged to create a circular chaotic grey portal.

The moment Felix and Apollo saw the portal, their expressions turned for the worse and they swiftly attempted to break it apart.

Alas, the portal was protected with the same technique and their attempts failed again.

'Damn it, they can't even deal with Eris properly, how can they handle Uranus and Demeter too?'

Candace nervously watched as Uranus stepped through the portal, widening it with two hairy arms.

His visage was as cold and merciless as ever...But this time, his eyes were mixed with a hint of sinister pleasure and thrill.

"I...caught...you...at...last."

He uttered one by word, his eyes never leaving Felix and Apollo...They were affixed on them akin to a predator locking on his prey after a week of starvation.