Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1762 Has He Gone Mad?!

﻿﻿1762 Has He Gone Mad?!

As he stepped over, Demeter exited through the portal with her usual stern attitude...The moment her eyes adjusted to the light, she shook her head at Felix and Apollo in disappointment.

"You genuinely thought there was a place in this universe where you could escape from the three rulers?" She eyed Apollo, "Apollo, I never thought you would be this naive."

She didn't mention Felix as she knew that his fate was already sealed to be an eternal enemy of their kingdom and the three rulers. But, Apollo was different. His betrayal was idiotic and borderline suicidal in her eyes.

"First of all, it's not like I wanted to do this." Apollo coughed, "But, you know, I have no control over the wants of my other half."

"It won't hurt if you tried to show some loyalty."

Felix's eyelids twitched, knowing that he was asking for the impossible when it came to unigins.

Luckily, unigins never took betrayal lightly even when their loyalty could be questioned.

"Save it, your other half will be next after we deal with you." Demeter said.

"Now, do you want to do this the easy way, or the hard way?" "Uranus smiled diabolically as he cracked his knuckles, "Of course, you will be tortured either way."

Uranus planned on doing his best to fulfill the three rulers' request of bringing Felix alive to them. However, only if his anger and hatred were fully quenched.

If it wasn't? He had no problem with killing both of them even if it meant going against the three rulers' orders...His desires and wants always came first.

Felix and Apollo remained silent, their eyes were narrowed in concentration, anticipating any sudden movement by their enemies.

Eris, Uranus, and Demeter also kept their eyes on them without initiating a move even when they had the numbers advantage.

They knew that Felix and Apollo were shrewd and would have prepared something to welcome them.

'Apollo's domain is thousands of kilometers away. Why haven't they turned the entire world into his domain?' Demeter frowned, 'This little Island seems like it has no business being here.'

She could understand Felix wanting to keep the ocean for his water laws, but still, it wouldn't be as useful as turning the entire world into Apollo's domain.

After all, this would still give Felix control over lightning laws while providing Apollo a real home ground.

'I don't give a sh*t. I am making my move.'

Uranus grew impatient immediately, no longer able to handle the sight of Felix and Apollo being so close to him without trying to put his hands on them.

With deep concentration, he began to direct the immense energy of vibration into a focal point within his clenched fist!

The air around it buzzed with power, visible ripples emanating from his hand as the energy condensed into a dense, vibrating core!

"Let's take this outside." He said with an icy tone, desiring to shatter the entire dimensional world to pieces!

Without warning, Uranus momentarily phased out and when he reappeared before Felix and Apollo, his presence was like a sudden tempest!

Apollo gave Felix a trusting glance and took a step back. Meanwhile, Felix stood his ground with an equally aggressive retaliation!

Drawing from his control over vibrational energy, Felix readied his fist, mirroring Uranus' technique!

"Has he gone mad?" Demeter's lips parted slightly in shock.

The notion of Felix daring enough to proceed fist-to-fist with Uranus was crazy on its own. Yet, to challenge him with his vibrational laws? It was suicidal!

"It seems like I haven't beaten sense into you yet." Uranus sneered in derision at Felix's incoming fist.

It was also glowing with vibrational energy, but when compared to his fist, the difference was like the lighting of a candle to a lighthouse!

Uranus didn't even bother to cancel out Felix's vibrations, desiring to teach him a grave lesson on his foolish bravery.

Unfazed, Felix met him head-on!ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Before Uranus and the others could respond to his brazen act, a faint smirk emerged on Felix's face as he uttered, "Switch."

The Sky Pearl island spacetime fabric began to warp, causing the frequencies of reality to shift unpredictably. In almost no time, the entire dimensional space turned into the Silent Library, with Felix's and Uranus' fists locked together near the glass ceiling!

"You..." Uranus' eyes widened slightly in astonishment as he gazed deeply into Felix's eyes.

He instantly recognized what Felix had done to avoid getting obliterated by his punch.

He knew it before anyone else as he had felt the spacetime's frequency change a nanosecond before his clench could make contact with it!

As the spacetime frequency of the environment shifted, so too did the effectiveness of Uranus's vibrational punch, which relied on smashing the spacetime frequency, causing massive destruction in the area.

If suddenly changed or failed to land on the frequency, his thrown punch would be the same as any normal punch!!!

Felix, having engineered this moment, didn't fall to the same fate. His original punch was targeting none other than the spacetime frequency of the Silent Library from the get-go!

Thus, under the disbelieving looks of Uranus and Demeter,Felix grunted his teeth and pushed his fistforward, aligned perfectly with the new spacetime frequency!

Craack! BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

While the vibrations themselves pushed into Uranus failed to do anything to him, the impact created a massive shockwave!

The shockwave exploded outward, causing the reality to start cracking akin to a glass mirror! But no one's eyes were on this. Everyone gazed with widened pupils at Uranus, who got hit with its unstoppable force, flinging him backward akin to a broken doll!

Thud! Thud! Thud!!

He crashed into the diverse bookshelves that lined the library, causing books and debris to erupt around him as he smashed through hundreds of shelves.

Thud!

He finally came to a halt, buried beneath piles of books and splintered wood, stunned and disoriented by the sudden reversal of fortunes.

Around them, the library groaned and shuddered under the impact, cracks spreading across the stone floor and up the walls.

Dust and paper filled the air, creating a haze that slowly settled over the chaotic scene.

Felix stood firm, his chest heaving from exertion, his clench shaking from the aftermath, but his eyes were cold and calculating.

'Move out now!'

Not giving time for either his enemies or allies to react, Felix tapped into his Librarian control and ordered it to switch the environment to Apollo's domain!

This time, he didn't choose any other environment to mix with it, causing the entire world to turn into a massive sprawling city, with one side bathing in light while the other engulfed in nightmarish darkness!

The moment the city came to life, Apollo disappeared into its shadows and brought Felix with him while at the same casting his territorial pressure on their enemies!

'Move! Move! Move!'

Meanwhile, Commander Bia and her squad took off towards the silent Library's exit the moment Felix kicked them off the Librarian's dimensional stomach.

Felix understood that escaping from the unigins was useless if Eris kept the library's exit on lockdown.

Thus, instead of having them as a burden in their battle, he tasked them with finding a way to remove the spatial modifications on the portal.

Eris was the first to sense their escape...But, she didn't pay any attention to them as Apollo's territorial pressure made her feel like the weight of a galaxy was placed on her shoulders.

'Use your divinities to cancel it.' Eris uttered calmly while creating a thin golden barrier with the stored radiant divinity.