Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1763 This is The Quantum Realm, My Realm!

﻿﻿1763 This is The Quantum Realm, My Realm!

While divinities or celestial energy couldn't be linked between the matter universe and the quantum realm, it was possible to utilize the stored version.

It was the same as elemental energy, their divine weapons, and other types of energies from the matter universe.

Unigins could use whatever they managed to shrink with them, but could not create or have someone send more.

Whoosh!

After popping his radiant barrier, Uranus jumped into the air and joined his partner's side with a clear irate expression.

He even brought out his divine bronze Sycthe, having no interest in receiving another humiliating strike.

Just like Apollo's Lyre, he was able to shrink his divine Sycthe with him, a somewhat impossible experience with other objects.

Divine weapons were considered exceptions, as they were additional limbs of unigins due to the billions of years spent together.

Some projectiles even gain consciousness if they live for a prolonged period while feeding on energies.

Unigins had no interest in having a consciousness born from their weapons, thus, they brought a stop to it...They were more than satisfied with just having their weapons become part of their existence.

Unfortunately for Felix, he didn't share the same experience with Hephaestus' hammer and couldn't shrink it.

"Why are you delaying the inevitable?" Uranus uttered with a suppressed tone, his murderous bloodshot eyes were moving side to side, seeking to fish out his prey.

However, his senses couldn't pick up anything related to Felix or Apollo...Even when he used his vibrational detection skills.

They were like ghosts hiding deep within this sprawling deserted metropolis.

It was understandable as this was Apollo's domain and with his control over darkness, it was near impossible to fish him out from here unless he wanted it.

"Let me."

Fully aware of Apollo's dominance within his domain, Eris swiftly took measures to eradicate his home advantage.

She sat cross-legged mid-air and opened her tome on her lap. Then, she touched the front page of her tome with two fingers and the letters began to jump out of the book and dance on its pages akin to obedient little elves.

With a single finger snap, the letters froze and merged until they created a small chaotic sphere.

When Apollo and Felix saw it from within the darkness, their expressions turned solemn immediately.

'Is that it?'

'Yes, it's The Sphere of Absolution. We have to break through her dimensional lockdown on the library before its completion.'

'I have them under my radar.' Felix replied as he switched his focus to a wisp he planted inside Commander Bia's consciousness space.

'Tell them to hurry the f*ck up.' Apollo said with a stern tone while gazing at the Sphere of Absolution growing bigger and bigger.

He understood that Eris might seem omnipotent, but she had some imposed limitations on her abilities.

For example, the dimensional reality, where she was considered as its creator and judge, could not go beyond a specific size.

It was quite small and could even be seen as a cubic dimension with the naked eye...Still, she could cast it almost instantly, which traded off the negatives.

Meanwhile, The Sphere of Absolution was the advanced version of the ability...It could get as big as Eris wanted it, providing her with a personal reality, where she could play goddess with even unigins!

The only downside was its growing phase required time and left Eris unprotected while she focused everything on making it bigger.

Apollo and Felix had no plans of watching Eris finish the creation of their graveyard in peace.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!...

Avolley of light, dark, and electrical projectiles whistled through the air in her direction, attempting to disturb her concentration since both order cancelation and sphere of absolution techniques required utmost focus!

Uranus swiftly responded and stepped in front of Eris. With a single 360-degree swing of his divine Scypth, a powerful negating vibrational wave was released, causingall projectiles to dissipate the instant they were touched by it!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"You do you, I will fish them out on my own."

Uranus left Eris' protection to Demeter and headed down to the city, landing on a tall skyscraper that was shimmering with golden light akin to a beacon.

"You think only Eris can deal with your little shenanigans?" Uranus narrowed his eyes coldly at the city of duality as he declared, "This is the quantum realm, my realm."

Uranus instantly extended his senses beyond the physical, tapping into the deeper, subtler frequencies of the strings that composed everything within Apollo's domain!

Each string vibrated with its unique signature, creating a symphony only Uranus could perceive.

This realm, crafted from light and shadows, was no different at its core, just another composition of vibrational strings waiting to be played.

The instant Uranus locked on every single unique frequency, he snapped his eyes open, which now glowed with a fierce, golden light!

Then, he raised the scythe above his head, and with a resounding voice that boomed like thunder, Uranus issued a single command, "Collapse!"

Following his command, he brought the scythe down with a calculated tap against the skyscraper, targeting a random point on the roof that acted as the first piece of a chain of dominos collapsing!

The tap sent an invisible shockwave rippling through the fabric of Apollo's domain, finding every weak point and amplifying the vibrations there until the bonds that held the domain together began to unravel!

The walls, the ground, the buildings, even the air, everything within Apollo's world began to tremble violently.

Within moments, the entire domain was consumed by a flood of collapsing energies, which eventually turned into a whirling maelstrom of quantum energy.

Once a domain of light and darkness was now just a chaotic soup of invisible quantum energy in a seemingly endless void!

'Is he dumb? This did nothing but help us out.' Candace tilted her head in confusion.

Most of the tenants shared their reaction, feeling like Uranus did nothing but show off his control over vibration laws, allowing him to disintegrate any matter created out of quantum energy back to its original form.

However, as Candace mentioned, this left a vast pitch-black void for Apollo. In other words, he really didn't do anything to better their situation.

'Even worse, Felix can return the environment back to Apollo's domain with a single co...'

Before Thor could finish his sentence, his eyes widened in shock at the sight of Uranus absorbing the massive quantity of quantum energy through his divine scythe!

As it kept feeding on it, the bronze scythe turned darker and more ominous.

'Sh*t, the Librarian can't change the environment anymore.'

Felix's expression turned for the worse after he ordered the Librarian monster and it did nothing.

'It's the quantum energy.' Lady Sphinx remarked, 'It can't create more of it and without it, this dimensional space will remain as a void.'

'No, it can create more, just not fast enough to make a difference.'

Felix had anticipated many things, but he didn't think that Uranus would utterly demolish his world and seize its quantum energy in less than a second!

Alas, the worst had yet to come.

'Apollo, change of plans...'