Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1764 An Unstoppable Shockwave!

﻿﻿1764 An Unstoppable Shockwave!

Before he could finish his sentence, his eyes saw two peculiar energies emerging from the scythe...One was white and the other was black.

The two energies mixed together in the shape of a circular, resembling the Ying-Yang Symbol without the dots.

At first glance, Felix and Apollo realized what those energies were and it made their hearts sink to the bottom of their stomach.

'Anti-matter and matter particles!!' Felix bellowed immediately, 'We can't let him carry on!'

'You don't have to tell me twice!'

Scared sh*tless, Apollo tapped into his stored Resplendent divinity and used it to empower his next attack.

He manifested two massive pitch-black eyes and with a sudden flash of light that illuminated the whole void, the eyes opened up and locked on Uranus' fleeting emergence of his shadow!

'Shadow Possession!'

Uranus' shadow suddenly turned alive and tried to go through his skin. If successful, Apollo would gain temporary control over Uranus!

Just like a PC, it didn't matter if it was the most protected supercomputer in the universe. Once it got corrupted by a reliable Trojan, its control switched to the Trojan's owner.

With Resplendent divinity used, the potential of the ability was increased by a hundredfold. It should have a guaranteed success rate!

Unfortunately, Uranus had locked in 100% and no longer planned on falling to their attacks.

"Shadow Possession?" He scoffed as he watched the vibrational barrier on his skin convulse his own shadow until it broke into particles!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

'Crap, he has turned on his peak defensive technique!' Apollo cursed, 'Unless you use your seven sins laws, none of us can land a physical attack on him anymore.'

All Upper Celestial unigins possessed peak defensive techniques that put the Lower Celestial unigins in despair.

For Eris, it was the Order Cancelation Technique, and for Uranus, it was Resonance Tuning!

A powerful and complicated defensive technique that required immense concentration to keep it working. It forced Uranus to tap into the natural vibrational frequencies of his immediate environment and identify any abnormalities near him.

Then, he adjusted the vibrational output to match or harmonize with these frequencies, creating a synergistic effect!

The moment this occurred, Uranus was given control over the frequency of those abnormalities and with a slight modification, its creation fell apart instantly.

This whole process happened in less than a nanosecond to the shadow.

The failure of Apollo's next barrage of attacks made them realize that Uranus wasn't screwing around...He refused to let anything touch him anymore.

Even Felix's water/lightning attacks came back with useless results. He tried to control his internal blood, water, and electrical discharges, desiring to assault him from within.

Sadly, his attempts were negated in the same manner as the defensive technique operated also internally!

'Nothing can go through...' Candace murmured with a hint of despair.

"Just sit tight and accept your fate...It will be over before you know it."

Uranus noted with a sinister smile as he gazed at the energies of creation and destruction finely balanced within his grasp.

With ugly expressions, Felix and Apollo watched as Uranus swung his scythe at the Ying-Yang symbol, cutting through the mixed matter/anti-matter particles in a straight line!

The meeting of matter and antimatter triggered an intense reaction, causing a blinding flash of light to emerge and soon followed by a deafening boom!

If this was all, the destruction would have been contained within the dimensional world, but Uranus had used his vibrational force to guide the explosion into hitting the spacetime frequency!!!

This was what Felix and Apollo feared would occur.

'STAY WITH ME!' Felix bellowed in agitation as he caught Apollo's arm from within the darkness and ordered the Librarian to teleport him to another world!

He knew this world was beyond saving...

He wasn't overreacting at all...The immense shockwave was on another level compared to Felix's spacetime vibrational punch.If compared, it would be ten thousandfold its force!

Instead of the usual spatial cracks, the entire dimensional space shattered into the tiniest fragments in an instant, and continued ripplingoutward, tearing through the Librarian from within!!

Felix and Apollo kept escaping from the all-devouring shockwave, but after a couple of jumps, they discovered out that the Librarian's responses to Felix's calls became slower and slower.

It was for a good reason as the monster's form buckled and twisted, its wooden and bookish components disintegrating from within under the overwhelming force of the combined particles and vibrational energy.

It might be immune to laws, but there was nothing it could do about such a destructive tsunami of pure force!

'We have to ditch it quickly!' Apollo yelled, his voice cracking from dread.

He understood that nothing could protect him from a shockwave that was obliterating even the fabric of spacetime.

'I know!'

Felix also had no plans of getting caught in the explosion...But, he thought far ahead and discovered out that the explosion might spread outside and delete the entire library with it!

In other words, leaving the dimensional space of the Librarian was not enough!

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix came up with a swift countermeasure and made a move on it, having no time to even explain it to Apollo.

The moment he got himself and Apollo kicked out of the Librarian, Felix rolled forward once and then extended his arm in the direction of the Librarian monster in a kneeling position.

The Librarian's monster had cracks all over its body, each releasing a beam of blinding light, a clear sign that it was about to implode in the next second at best!

Felix tapped into his evil energy connection between him and the Librarian, creating a visible misty link!

"ARGHHHH!!"

Then, Felix growled aggressively as he spun once and hurled the Librarian into the nearby library's entrance!

Not bothering to watch it go through the portal, Felix immediatelyshouted, "APOLLO!"

Although Felix hadn't told him anything, Apollo instantly snapped out of his daze and appeared beside Felix!

With no words exchanged between them, he turned into a flash of light and took them away from the entrance at his topmost speed!

The moment the Librarian went through the portal, its body could no longer contain the overwhelming force.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

With a brilliant flash of light that illuminated the eternal staircase floor, the terror of the Librarian was no more...

However, it did one last favor for Felix and his companions...It's explosion was so devastating, it managed to erase the library's entrance near it!

As for Eris, Uranus, and Demeter? They surfaced safely from the explosion due to Eris' sphere of absolution.

She tugged them inside before the explosion went off and even though it affected spacetime, it did nothing to the sphere.

Whoosh!

The moment the shockwave died out, the unigins exited the sphere of absolution and gazed at the void before them.

Demeter turned to Uranus with an irritated expression,"Happy now? Couldn't you just let Eris do her thing?"

Uranus didn't show an ounce of guilt. He turned to Eris and said, "It's nothing, Eris can bring back the portal again."

"But, it will force her to cancel her Sphere of Absolution." Demeter handed him a scolding look, not too delighted with him making things harder.

"It's okay, Demeter. They won't be able to fix the spatial modification in time." Eris noted calmly as she canceled her sphere of absolution and walked to the exit's location.

"See, stop overreacting, I turned them into rats in a jar." Uranus smiled coldly.