Chapter 1765 Abusing His Laws!

﻿﻿1765 Abusing His Laws!

Meanwhile, Felix and Apollo had already arrived at the library's exit and joined their party. While they had escaped from their enemies and noticed that the entrance had fallen apart, their expressions weren't too good.

"They will be here at any moment! Quickly, quickly solve it!" Apollo said with a hint of agitation as he gazed at Commander Bia and their squad attempting their best to remove the spatial modification.

"Rushing us isn't helpful." Plix retorted, his voice betraying his stressed condition.

As a quantum native with a spatial attunement, he could be said to be the key to their escapade.Commander Bia and the others were the ones helping him figure out the solution.

"You don't have to remove the modification." Felix gave him an alternative with a stern voice, "Just try to change it to a different destination. It doesn't matter what will be on the other side."

"Are you sure..." Plix gulped a mouthful, "If I do this, the exit might lead to the void or to dangerous floors at the very bottom."

"I would rather take my chances with it than get caught," Felix said coldly while stretching his senses to the entrance area, making him spot the creation of a new portal.

While no one could create portals in the tower, Eris was more than capable of recovering a preexisting one throughher laws...The only condition was it had to be done the moment the portal fell apart.

Even her previous portal worked only because she created it within the dimensional world of the Librarian.

"As you wish."

Plix got busy immediately and started working on tuning the modification itself, which was much easier than removing it completely.

Still, it was going to take him some time and it seemed like they didn't have it.

"They are here..."

Commander Bia felt chills course down her spine after she picked a powerful vibrational aura released from the other side of the library...Even Felix felt his heart sink a bit.

He understood that their situation couldn't get any worse. Eris could easily teleport in front of them and end their dance in the blink of an eye.

'We need to buy us some time. But how?'

Felix's mind went into overdrive, his eyes roaming all over the place, seemingly digging through his brain for a solution, an idea, or anything that could help them out.

Alas, his wits, his intelligence, his problem-solving talents failed him at last after a very long time...No matter how hard he tried to find a solution, his mind came back blank.

'We are done for...'

Before the defeatist energy could seize root within his soul, Apollo's voice resounded in his mind, 'I will hold them back...Give up on your plan and get out of the tower as fast as possible. Hide in a random corner and wait until the rift opens up.'

'Apollo, you?'

Felix was left stunned as he watched Apollo disappear in a flash of light. Not in his wildest dreams, did he consider that Apollo would step up to protect him.

While they spent their journey together and he kept referring to him as his partner, he always knew that Apollo cared mostly about his life.

If a way out came up that would ensure him returning to his peaceful life without the interference of his alter ego, he would take it in a heartbeat.

Felix was never bothered by this as it was the right thing to do.

'Don't give me those looks. My idiotic half ordered me to bring you to him at all costs. I can't afford to fail the mission.' Apollo smiled wryly as he emerged before Eris, Uranus, and Demeter, 'At least, this way might help me return again...'

He mumbled the last part to himself as he readied himself for a battle, he knew for sure, he would not survive it...

"Apollo, is this your final decision?" Demeter narrowed her eyes at the sight of Apollo bringing out his divine Lyre.

Apollo lifted his head slowly and gazed at them with pitch-black eyes covering his entire sclera.

"What choice do I have?"

With a heavy heart and resolute hands, he grasped the Lyre high for a moment, a silent goodbye to a companion of melodies and memories...Then, he snapped it cleanly in the middle!

The air around him froze in time as he took the shattered Lyre, its strings still humming with saddening residual music.

Then, Apollo reconfigured the remaining strings, stretching them from end to end across the broken frame, transforming the instrument into a divine bow.

As he grasped the bow in his hand, his body started to glow, the light within him intensifying until it became nearly blinding to behold.

The brilliance emanating from him flared into a beacon, a pillar of pure, scorching light that threatened to consume the entire library!

"It's been a while since I have gone all out." Apollo's cold regal voice resounded deep within the blinding light.

Uranus, Demeter, and Eris all felt their shoulders tense up and activated their strongest defensive techniques, knowing that when a unigin went all out, he no longer cared about the universe's rules.

In other words, they were about to witness Apollo abusing his laws!

"As the God of Light, I hereby strip you out of your light sensories," Apollo demanded coldly while pointing his divine bow at them.

Harnessing the fundamental laws of light, Apollo bent the light away from the unigins' eyes!

The effect was not just a dimming but a complete withdrawal of light from their field of vision, making them incapable of perceiving light even when there was plenty of it around them!!

It was like he canceled the ability of the photoreceptors in their retina to perceive light!

"Bastard!"Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Apollo!"

"..."

Uranus, Eris, and Demeter were not pleased to have their worldturn instantly dark, devoid of any visual input.

Although they could rely on other senses to 'see', it was nowhere as perfect as having a true vision...Especially, in this scenario, when they were against the god of light/darkness!

Apollo ignored their woes and pointed three arrows made out of dark energy at them. In a blink, he released them at once and they struck the unigins' shields!

However, Apollo's attacks never intended to target their physical bodies as the moment the arrows touched their shields, they disappeared!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

When they reappeared, they turned into three arrows of blinding light visible to no one but the three unigins!

Crack Crack!

Before they could attempt to block the arrows, they had already landed on their soul barrier and cracked it a little.

'Impossible...How?'

Felix, who watched the whole interaction from within Apollo's consciousness space through his eyes, was departed utterly stunned.

He always knew that Apollo was more oriented towards mental/soul battles, but he never expected him to have a technique that allowed him to attack the souls of his targets straight away!!

Unfortunately, he recognized that the cost of such an overpowering technique was the universe's punishment...It would befall Apollo sooner than later.

'It's not the time to be impressed.' Apollo spoke coldly, 'I am just getting started.'

Knowing this, Apollo didn't waste a single second and showered his enemies with a barrage of similar dark arrows, trying to shatter their souls from within!