Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1766 The Starry Night Soul Explosion.

1766 The Starry Night Soul Explosion.

With impeccable accuracy, he nocked arrow after arrow, each one designed to pierce through the toughest of spiritual defenses!

As he kept releasing one wave after another, he was constantly on the move, causing his figure to turn into a blur! Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

This made it more difficult for the three unigins to predict the direction of the arrows and block them.

'Reinforce your barriers!' Uranus shouted furiously as he entered a defensive mode.

He channeled his spiritual pressure and enhanced it with a vibrational-based spiritual barricade, allowing him to create a remarkable shield for his soul barrier!

Eris and Demeter had done the same in their own unique ways, providing the best possible defense for their souls.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The salvo of light arrows soared across the library, striking the unigins' souls' protective barriers with force enough to make them flicker and waver!

The impact of each arrow sent ripples across the shields, testing the resilience of the spiritual constructs that each unigin had summoned for protection!

Unfortunately for them, their law-based defensive technique was mostly focused on the physical aspect.

If it wasn't for Apollo abusing his laws and overriding their defensive shields, he would never have been able to strip their vision away and allow him access to their minds through the darkness they perceive!

"You think that's enough?"

Apollo sneered coldly as he pulled the divine bow's strings until they were about to snap...Then, he turned his form into light mots and became the arrows themselves!

Whoosh!! Whoosh Whoosh!

Before the unigins could react, the bow was fired, and the arrows traveled from the reality realm to the dark realm in front of the three unigins, causing Apollo to manifest within their own minds!!!

This was an invasion on a whole different level, leaving even Felix and the tenants with wide jaws, unable to react.

"APOLLO! DON'T YOU DARE!"

Uranus bellowed hatefully but with a tint of dread in his voice as he gazed at Apollo turning his bow into a blinding sword with the strings merged together to make the sharpest of blades!

"You pushed me into this."

Without an ounce of emotion in his voice, Apollo turned into a bright flash and started attacking the unigins' soul shields with deep slashes and tears at the speed of light!

He was so fast, so precise, so clinical in his attacks, that the powerfully spiritual shield was left with trillions of illuminating wounds in less than a nanosecond!

As the setup was completed, Apollo manifested before the soul barrier and called out loud mercilessly, "Erupt!"

The trillions of wounds suddenly exploded into a flurry of light before merging into one massive sun-like explosion!!!

The void around the barrier and the consciousness space inside of it were illuminated fully, showing an infinite space of nothingness!

Before the light could die out, Apollo waved his sword to the side as he shouted, "ABSORB!"

The already brilliant sword went on and sucked in the explosion of light in the blink of an eye, causing it to grow a hundred times bigger than Apollo!

Then, he lifted it above his head while pointing at the unigins' soul barrier akin to an executioner!

'Is he really going to do it...'

'This...'

Felix, Thor, Lady Sphinx, and the rest of the spectators were all witnessed leaning closer with pupils widened to the limit in this epic scene...A scene, none of them would have ever imagined would overlap with the pervert and unreliable Apollo.

"LET THERE BE LIGHT!"

With one final bellow, Apollo swung his massive brilliant sword down the middle of the three soul barriers simultaneously!

Demeter, Uranus, and even Eris' expressions were turned for the worse, understanding that if this strike landed on their souls, it would be gone for real!

While they wouldn't die due to their cores remaining safe, this was not good news in the slightest when a core-devouring monster was nearby.

Thus, there was only one option left...

"APOLLO!! YOU WILL PAY FOR THIS!"

Absolutely livid, Uranus tapped into the depth of his vibration laws and called upon an ability that would cost him an arm and a leg.

"MATTER EXCUTION!"

Drawing deeply on his connection to the fundamental vibrations that underpin all matter, Uranus unleashed a highly dangerous ability, Matter Execution!

This ability was not just a adjustment of vibrational frequencies to cause destruction, it was a tool to utterly erase existence at the vibrational level!

The moment Uranus locked onto the frequency of Apollo, the matter execution ability was in full action, causing the strings that held Apollo together to get agitated beyond their breaking point.

This made them break apart and start disintegrating at the lowest possible level!

This ability could literally be used on anyone, anything, as long as they were made out of vibrational strings.

Unfortunately, the foundation of reality was made out of these tiny strings...In other words, Uranus had the power of the Grim Reaper in his hands.

Of course, such an unbalanced power came at a grave cost and the universe would never allow Uranus to use it without a fitting punishment.

'He abused his laws too, huh?' Apollo smiled bitterly after he started to feel like his existence was fading into nothingness, his form became unstable, blurring like a mirage.

This caused the sword in his hand to dim and start to flicker on its path to the soul barriers.

Knowing deep down that his attack even if it landed wouldn't cause substantial damage, Apollo murmured to Felix's wisp, 'I hope this buys you a moment or two, partner.'

'What do yo..'

Before Felix could finish his sentence, Apollo went for his last, desperate strike.

Gathering his remaining strength, Apollo's form began to glow with celestial radiance. Then, he released his final melody...The Starry Night Soul Explosion.

This was not just a mere self-implosion. It was a sacrificial technique that would meld his soul with the cosmic energies of light and darkness.

'Starry night, unleash your boundless depths,' Apollo intoned, his voice echoing softly within Felix's consciousness space.

As he was about to unleash the attack, Eris, ever watchful and cunning, had anticipated Apollo's desperate act.

She acted swiftly, abusing her laws as well to kick Apollo outside of their consciousness void once and for all.

"Shift," Eris commanded calmly.

With her command, she displaced Apollo's soul's incoming explosion from within the unigins, redirecting its trajectory back to the library!

As Apollo's soul exploded in the open air of the library, instead of the destructive shockwave expected, a unique transformation occurred.

The library was enveloped in an otherworldly darkness, shadows deepening and stretching beyond their natural form.

The explosion didn't just release energy; it imbued the very atmosphere with a dense, dark curse!!

This curse, born from the depths of Apollo's sacrificed soul spread rapidly across the library,touching books, shelves, walls, and any person exposed without protection.

Each object and person it touched was shrouded in darkness, rendering them invisible, indistinguishable to the eyes of others as if they ceased to exist in any conventional sense.

Once a bastion of knowledge, the library now became a realm of shadows and whispers...

Anyone afflicted with the curse found themselves cut off from visual contact with their allies and enemies alike, isolated in a personal void of perception.

"Apollo! That cunning bastard!" Uranus cursed hatefully, "He knew one of us would have abused our laws to keep him away from our souls during the explosion."

Indeed, Apollo might look unreliable, playful, and a bit dumb most of the time. But his intelligence came to light when it was time to lock in.

Now, with the curse marking everything and everyone, Eris would not be able to teleport them next to the exit since she had no vision of anything.

Felix understood this too, which made his emotions conflicted, as it never crossed his mind to see Apollo go this far for him.

'Apollo...He really took himself out...'

'Don't get too emotional, he did this because he had to.' Lilith interrupted his emotional train of thoughts, 'His alter ego holds his core, which means, he controls his life. If he allows you to get captured, his life will be gone, but if he sacrificed himself and helped you reach his alter ego, he might have a chance to get revived by him.'

This was the reason Apollo could never go against his alter ego...His entire existence shouldn't have happened since the real Apollo was his alter ego!

'I am not dumb, I know all of this. But, it still doesn't change that he has gone for it.' Felix said.

Whether Apollo had done this for selfish reasons or not, it wouldn't lower its value in Felix's eyes at all.

At the end of the day, Apollo gave it his all for his freedom throughout their entire journey and Felix was forever indebted to him.

'If I survive this, I am going to make sure that he returns.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, 'Even if it meant going against his alter ego.'

'That's a promise.'