Chapter 1767 Protect Plix at All Cost!

1767 Protect Plix at All Cost!

As the darkness engulfed the library, Uranus stood between his partners, his face twisted with rage.

The frustration of one failure after another had taken a toll on his pride, causing his patience to reach a tipping point.

"F*ck this! I'll tear this place apart!"

Uranus growled furiously as he prepared tounleash a catastrophic wave of vibrational energy that would reduce the ancient library to nothing but quivering particles...Of course, everyone on it would go through the same fate!

He refused to go this far before to avoid suffering from getting crippled by the universe like Felix. But most importantly, to catch Felix and Apollo alive, desiring to put them through the worst time of their lives for everything they had done to him.

But now? He no longer cared about bringing Felix alive to the three rulers or torturing him...He just wanted him dead regardless of the price!

However, just as he was about to release Matter Execution, the darkness was suddenly pierced with a golden light.

This light, was magically perceivable by the unigins even while affected by the curse!

It was for a good reason...

Cling! Cling! Cling!

From nowhere, three celestial golden chains materialized and lunged towards Uranus, wrapping around his wrists and waist with unbreakable strength!

Their sudden appearance and the binding force of the chains interrupted his decision to obliterate everything before him.

"DAMN YOU! NOT YOU TOO!"

Uranus roared, his blood boiling in rage as he struggled against the chains that held him. The more he fought, the tighter they constricted against his flesh and soul.

Nearby, Eris found herself similarly ensnared by two chains that had appeared around her as well, binding her arms tightly against her sides.

"Two chains? Not too horrible."

Unlike Uranus, her expression remained stoic, seemingly anticipating this much to happen. Both of them had abused their laws to deal with unigins and the universe quickly delivered its punishment.

"Demeter, try to stop them until we adjust to the seal," Eris said calmly, still having no intentions of letting go of Felix.

"With this kind of darkness, it will be annoying, but I got it." Demeter nodded with a stern tone.

Without an ounce of hesitation, she melted into the floor and traveled underneath it akin to a mole, heading rapidly towards the exit point.

"F*ck! F*ck! F*ckkkkkkkkkkk!!"

"Easy there, big guy."

Eris gave Uranus a side glance, noticing that his outburst was getting out of control. She wouldn't care about it at other times, but now, that they were being chained up by the universe, any ounce of resistance or agitation would do nothing but tighten the chains.

Cling! Cling!...

As expected, the chains got Uranus so tightened up, that he was on the verge of getting curled up on the ground.

"You have gone through this many times, whether it's a single chain or or hundred, do not resist, do not fight back, and most definitely, do not use your powers." Eris advised calmly, watching her peer wiggle on the ground, his eyes red to the point, they appeared demonized amidst the darkness.

Telling Uranus to calm down was the same as telling an ocean to turn serene under a thunderstorm.

Still, her words managed to help Uranus see the bigger picture and understand that if he let his rage take control over him, he would allow Felix to escape yet again...That was something he refused to even acknowledge.

Thus, he calmed down his emotions and stopped trying to break the shackles apart. As he was calming down, the chains started to relax their grip.

"We have to wait until the chains disappear before we can use our powers again." Eris said as she sent her senses towards the exit, making her spot Felix and his party still working hard to break past her modifications.

"..." Uranus remained silent, but his fiery eyes affixed on the exit's direction told a different story.

Although they had less than three chains holding them, the moment they decided to use their laws, the chains would retighten on them, causing them to feel an unholy level of agony.

While the shackles had reduced their strength a decent amount compared to Felix's 99% weakening, it still affected their peak heavily.

Both of them would rather wait until the shackles go away before making one last attempt against Felix instead of fighting through the torment as Lord Hades had done versus Hephasutus.

'Let's hope Demeter halts their attempt,' Eris remarked with a deep gaze.

'What do you mean? Didn't you say it's impossible to break past your modifications?' Uranus gave her an icy glare.

'It's impossible, but they might be dumb or brave enough to mess with the modifications.'

'What does that mean?'

'The end aim will be completely random.'

'...'

Uranus felt his blood tension rise up again, his veins popping on his forehead. But, he contained those emotions, not wanting to ruin his efforts in dealing with the chains.

Based on their dimness, it was clear that they would be gone in less than a couple of seconds.

A couple of seconds...That's all Felix had before he faced off against a very pissed-off unigin who no longer cared about his death.

...

On the other side...

'Prepare to fight! Demeter is on to us!' Felix disclosed with a solemn tone after he picked on the tremors caused by the fast-approaching Demeter.

'Chronos, slow down the time around the portal by a hundred meters!' Commander Bia ordered swiftly, 'Dankin, Sera, and the rest, help me establish a vibrational repeller.'

Although it was pitch dark and no one could perceive light whatsoever, no matter how minimal it was, they relied on their other senses to establish a new stronghold against Demeter.

'Eris and Uranus must be dealing with their chains.' Lord Loki commentated, 'It will be easier to deal with Demeter alone since she isn't in her environment.'

Indeed, Demeter was quite struggling in the quantum realm since her rules were nonexistent at this level.

If it wasn't for Eris helping her obtain temporal control over earth-based quantum laws, she would be more useless than a native.

Still, Felix had no plans to underestimate her, knowing that she was capable of using her divinities and whatever elemental energy she brought with her.

'Here she comes!'

Rumble Rumble!

Felix didn't even need to announce it as the ground beneath them shook akin to being struck by a catastrophic earthquake!

Chronos' time-slowing abilities had worked outside of the portal's zone, slowing down the tremors immensely.

However, Plix and the others at the core faced the full force of the tremors, leading Commander Bia and the remaining royal guards to defend against them at all costs.

'Negate the tremors! Pacify them!' Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Commander Bia ordered while releasing matching vibrational waves on the ground, causing the tremors to die out bit by bit!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Suddenly, the ground quietened down, and spikes of hardened sand erupted, aiming directly at Felix and his allies in an attempt to scatter them!

But the main target was still Plix, whose mind was focused completely on the spatial puzzle left by Eris.

'DEFEND HIM!'

Felix yelled as he shattered the spikes with a crystalized blood hammer, going through them akin to an unstoppable train.

Some were aiming at Plix and some at himself. Unfortunately, each time he broke a spike, the rubble turned into gooey sand tendrils, launching themselves again at their targets!

Chronos tried his best to slow them down, but his senses weren't as great as Felix and the Vibronixians.

Without his vision, he felt like he was playing wack a moll game, having no clue if he would slow down a spike's speed or his allies.

The worst part? The Vibronoxians could not bend reality through vibration when everything was affected by the curse of darkness!