Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1768 If I Die, No One Deserves to Live.

1768 If I Die, No One Deserves to Live.

"Keep Shielding him up!' Felix commanded while sparing some of his blood to create a protective barrier on Plix.

It managed to block some of the attacks going through their formation as it was nearly impossible to predict Demeter's attacks. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

A small sandstorm grew into a violent storm of rocks, smashing against barriers.

Just when it died out, a sinkhole appeared with a massive outstretched hand coming out of it, attempting to pull down Plix.

They also managed to stop it, but these were mere examples of the neverending barrage of unexpected attacks.

Hell, some mercenaries had already perished, leaving behind them agonizing screams, which made the rest more nervous than ever.

Who could blame them? They had no idea how they perished.

'It will be easier without the darkness curse, but if it wasn't for it, Eris and Uranus would have already appeared here.' Lord Marduk remarked with a solemn tone as he listened to the ongoing chaos.

'Sh*t, sh*t, sh*t, I don't wanna die, not like this, sh*t, come on, I can do it.'

Meanwhile, Plix had completely given up on his protection and placed it in the hands of his allies, focusing solely on the exit.

'Plix, what the hell is taking you so long!' Dankin cursed impatiently while blasting a vibrational wave at an incoming boulder.

'Shut up and let me focus! It's not easy! That b*tch has somehow made knots out of f*cking the spatial fluctuations...It's nuts!'

Plix cursed back, his hands moving in complex patterns that altered the portal's spatial fluctuations.

When a portal tapped into the fabric of space-time to create a pathway between two points, it relied on the stability and consistency of spatial properties to maintain a fixed destination.

What Eris had done was alter those fluctuations to a predetermined destination, leading to a different location that aligned with the new spatial configuration influenced by these fluctuations.

If this was it, Plix wouldn't have been sweating this hard as he could easily restore the fluctuations to their previous state and solve the problem.

Eris was too smart to let her work get easily undone. She used her chaotic laws to make knots out of those fluctuations without jeopardizing the result, which was harder than it sounded.

Right now, Plix was trying his best to open up those knots while keeping the portal stable, knowing that a single mistake might result in the portal breaking apart!

On the other side of the coin,Demeter gathered her strength for another assault.

With a forceful stomp, she caused the very tiles of the floor to break out, transforming into a wave of jagged rocks that rolled toward the group like a miniature landslide!

"Brace!" Commander Bia shouted, reinforcing the vibrational shield as the rocky wave crashed against it.

Felix, seeing the strain on their defenses, knew they needed a change of plans.

'Protect yourselves!'

Without an ounce of hesitation, he slapped his hand on the ground and released a wave of crimson evil energy around the portal!

The evil energy spread across the ground, the destroyed bookshelves, the books, and whatever else was in its vicinity.

'Tsk, what an irritating energy.' Demeter frowned in displeasure from the depths of the library after sensing her control over the ground waning bit by bit.

Still, she wasn't too fazed.

'I guess I am left with no other option.'

With a deep breath, Demeter called upon the elemental energy she brought with her into the realm.

Then, she infused it with resplendent energy and released it into the surface as a massive powerful golden sandstorm!

As she unleashed the storm, it roared to life with a sound like a thousand blades, swirling around Felix and his party.

Felix realized the true terror of the sandstorm after sensing its origin to be elemental energy, making him shout again, ''Defend yourselves!'

Everyone used their strongest shields, but the empowered sand grains sliced through their defenses like countless tiny swords, each grain cutting with the force of a well-aimed strike!

The team faltered under the onslaught, some had their clothes and skin scored with countless cuts while some were barely affected.

They were Chronos and Felix. Chronos used his temporal abilities on himself while Felix tapped at last into the reserve of his celestial flames!

He covered himself and Plix in white flames while making sure that it wouldn't touch him. As for Commander Bia, she was able to take care of herself.

Alas, the sandstorm was a mere distraction.

Whoosh!!

While everyone was fighting for their lives against the divine sandstorm in pitch darkness, Demeter manifested from the sand particles right behind Plix, bypassing everyone's senses!

Everyone, but one!

"Demeter!!"

Felix swiftly manifested a sword out of his celestial white flames and slashed it at Demeter's back.

Demeter felt the incoming danger, but she was already prepared against such retaliation, protecting herself with a barrier of radiant divinity.

While she knew that it wouldn't be able to protect her fully from the celestial flames, she didn't care, understanding that she wouldn't die from it.

At this moment, it was enough.

"Your time has come."

Without bothering to glance in Felix's direction, Demeter punched a hole through Plix's back with a fist infused with every ounce of divinity she brought with her!

The white flame shield was powerful, but Felix didn't invest much in it, desiring to save up the bits of celestial energy within him for later.

On one side, we have someone who went all in, and on the other, we have Felix, deciding to be stingy with his celestial energy at such a key moment.

The results were clear...

Gazing at the divine fist piercing through his chest, Plix's brain short-circuited momentarily.

His unbreakable focus on solving the spatial puzzle shattered in an instant at the realization that his life was over...

Slowly, he turned his head to gaze at his assailant, just to witness Demeter getting smashed in the back by a blinding white sword in this infinite pool of darkness.

Yet, he ignored them.

When his unfocused eyes landed on Chronos, the only one surviving in his mercenary squad, a tint of regret registered in his eyes.

'Why have I joined this mission...'

Before his regret could settle in his mind, his eyes landed on Commander Bia, who was trying her best to survive the sandstorm.

'It's her, it's her fault...if she didn't hide the truth from us, we wouldn't have joined this suicidal mission!'

A maddening fury was ignited in Plix's eyes as memories of his squad surfaced in his mind, showing him all the good times they had, all the adventures they went through for millions of years if not more...All of that was stolen by Commander Bia.

'It's her fault!'

With the last bit of life he had in him, Plix swung his hand through the spatial fluctuation, which had half of them still knotted up...His hand cut through them akin to a blade in one wave.

'If I die, no one deserves to live after this...'

This was the last thought that coursed through his mind as he watched the spatial variations within the portal get agitated from the touch region and disperse out across the entire portal.

Before anyone could react or comprehend what happened, the gateway suddenly devoured Plix, Felix, and Demeter in the blink of an eye...