Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1769 Don't Forsake Me...

﻿﻿1769 Don't Forsake Me...

Whoosh!!!!

Then, it exploded into a gaping spatial hole with the sucking power of a black hole, dragging within it everything and anything in sight!

"NOOOOOOOO!!"

Dankin screamed with a mortified expression as his entire body got snatched by the portal before he could use his phasing ability!

The same fate happened to Commander Bia and Sera, merging with the chaos of books, rubble, and wood, until only their dreadful eyes were seen.

Whoosh! Whoosh!...

"Ahhhhhhhh!!"..."Noooo!!!"..."What the hell is this!!!"

Meanwhile, Tempus Vey, Virona, and the other squads spread out in the library weren't spared either.

The portal's sucking power was immense to the point the library's walls and glass ceiling started coming off and rushing to join the massive queue of rubble!

However, some of those squads had enough time to use their abilities and save themselves. While they could see absolutely nothing, none of them wanted to meet what was pulling them.

The Chronowalkers froze themselves in time, the Quarklings' existence was correspondent to the light source. Thus, the moment they were hit with the darkness curse, their entire existence ceased to exist.

The Nanites swarm ended up breaking into their wasp-like forms due to the pressure and got caught by the flying mess.

Their parasitic leader was the only one who survived the pulling force. He was still operating the Plankton's body, giving him spatial powers...Unfortunately, he couldn't save his people.

As for Chaosians? They had already ditched the library and were still running for their lives, wanting to avoid Eris at all costs.

Speaking about Eris, her chains disappeared the moment the portal went rogue.

While the others avoided the pulling force, Eris blinked above it and extended her arm in its direction...Then, she commanded calmly, "Order Restoration."

The moment the words left her mouth, the same celestial chains emerged and tightened their grip on her waist until her curves showed.

Uncaring about the hellish pain assaulting her mind and body, Eris watched the broken portal regain its equilibrium.

The all-consuming pulling force disappeared in the blink of an eye, causing everything and everyone to escape from its monstrous gravitational pull.

Thud! Thud! Thud!...

The rubble fell down to the ground with a heavy noise, creating a massive dust cloud across the library.

"It's over?"

"We are saved?"

"I wanna go home...Sob, Sob...I didn't sign for any of this..."

The rescued squads kept looking right and left after landing on the ground, their eyes failing to see anything around them.

One thing was for certain though, everyone was absolutely scared sh*tless.

They were just searching for treasures before a fighting noise broke out and was followed by eternal darkness. Just when they thought that was it, they almost got snatched into the backroom.

It was even more saddening to realize that despite having a map, their journey across the tower was still not safe...In fact, it was more dangerous than their last attempts!

Uranus ignored the cries of the trapped natives and grouped up with Eris near the portal.

When he saw her form tangled in chains again, he couldn't help but check on her first.

"You good?"

He knew that if she hadn't done it, the portal would have been destroyed with the floor. They would have needed to wait days to months again until everything got restored to normal by the tower.

"It's manageable," Eris replied calmly, but the little wrinkle between her eyebrows told a different story.

"Now, can you f*king tell me how did this happen?!" Uranus returned to his pissed-off persona in an instant.

"Didn't you see?" Eris responded, "The little Plankton has decided to kill everyone with him by destroying the spatial fluctuation, making the portal extremely unstable."

"How the hell can you be so calm?" Uranus smashed a nearby boulder into smithereens, "Going through an unstable portal in the tower is nothing short but a death sentence!"

While Uranus wanted Felix dead and couldn't really care much about Demeter's well-being, this news still enraged him.

His reaction was understandable when considering that Felix possessed Asna's core with a bunch of other unigin cores!

He wanted him dead, but also to complete the main mission and retrieve Asna's core. After all, without Asna's core, he could forget about his freedom.

"I have managed to restore order to the portal amidst their journey." Eris remarked calmly, "It might have helped them get thrown to other floors."

Upon hearing this, Uranus' anger was pacified a bit. He thought that Eris rushed in to save the floor from a reset, but in reality, she sought to save Felix and Demeter from getting thrown into the void!

In this case, the void mentioned was in the tower instead of the known void in the quantum realm.

There wasn't just one void, there were many of them spread out across the entire tower, each possessing their own floor.

Some had theorized that those voids were utilized to have thriving unique floors too, but they were erased by the tower for some reason.

Whatever it was, there were no exits or even entrances to it. The moment someone entered it, they were proclaimed dead since portal creation was impossible under the tower's authority.

Not even Felix or Demeter could escape it easily since theywould not be able to enlarge themselves and return to the matter universe.

"There is only one way to find out if I succeeded or not." Eris gave a slight head nod at Uranus and he understood what she meant.

Without further ado, he reached out to the dormant wisp of consciousness in Demeter's mind and activated it...Eris had done the same, allowing them to manifest in Demeter's consciousness space.

The moment they gazed above their heads, their expressions turned for the worse at the sight of Demeter and Felix at a stand off in an infinite expanse of nothingness!

It turned out, Eris' attempt to help them stay on the light side of the tower possessed failed.

"They were thrown both to the same void...How did this happen." Uranus murmured, not feeling too good about this.

If it was him against Felix, he would have rejoiced. But, it was Demeter.

She barely had 10% of her true powers in the quantum realm. She had even wasted most of her divinities to break past Felix's white shield on Plix.

While Felix's strength was no better, he possessed something that every unigin dreaded...The devouring monster of Asna's core.

"He must have attached himself to her during their spatial journey," Eris replied.

This was exactly what happened as the moment Felix sensed his soul being snatched by the portal, he utilized the celestial white flames of his sword to remain attached to Demeter.

In simpler terms, he didn't pull out his sword from her back!

'Guys, I need you to get me out of here!' Demeter beseeched, her usual composer and sternness was nowhere to be seen.

No one could blame her.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Felix was gazing at her akin to a free meal while holding onto a blood hammer in one hand and a blood axe in the other.

This wasn't all...His old appearence possessed returned.

His hair shifted from vibrant luminous green to a wavy crimson, flowing like liquid blood around his shoulders and down his back.

His eyes, once a pupil-less green, now burned a deep, fiery red, their gaze intense and demonic.

But it was his chest that drew immediate attention as it was adorned with intricate tattoos representing the seven deadly sins, each mark pulsing with intense evil energy.

"Come out."

With one cold command, the seven deadly dragonic tails emerged out of the tattoos with resounding roars, seemingly rejoicing in their freedom at last!

The moment they were done, their piercing beastial eyes locked onto Demeter, adding another wave of apprehension to her heart.

To be trapped with a unigin was one thing.

To be trapped with the paragon of sins was another.

But to be trapped with the Paragon who possessed the capability to devour cores and extinguish a unigin's life once and for all?

How could Demeter's heart not be restless? How could she not feel like she was trapped with the Grim Reaper? How could she not beg for help?

'Eris, don't forsake me...I implore you...'

Demeter pleaded again as she steeled her emotions and entered a battle stance, planning to put everything on the line for her life.

She knew that if there was one person capable of rescuing her from the void, it was Eris!

Alas...Felix was also planning to do the same for a simple reason...

"You are my ticket out of here." He uttered emotionlessly as he placed his axe on his shoulder, "Start praying, because, you ain't surviving this."