Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1770 I Can't See a Way Out For Her.

1770 I Can't See a Way Out For Her.

"Let's see how the earth fares in void," Felix snarled, his red eyes blazing.

Without an ounce of hesitation, he lunged towards Demeter with both weapons pulled behind him.

Demeter knew that she could no longer hold anything back as she sensed Felix's murderous intent, making her understand that he sought after her core!

As he closed the distance, she extended her hand, finally summoning her divine weapon.

From within, a breathtaking massive lance appeared.

Its slender, silver form gleamed with an ethereal light in this infinite darkness. It had intricate engravings running along its long length.

Unfazed,Felix swung his blood axe down in a powerful arc, aiming to cleave Demeter in two. Simultaneously, he raised the blood hammer, preparing to strike with overwhelming force!

But Demeter was no pushover.

She tightened her grasp on her divine lance and in one motion, she thrust it forward at Felix's chest, ignoring his attacks.

The moment Felix's weapons were able to slash at her, she bellowed, "Release!"

The Lance opened up into an umbrella and released a powerful forceful shockwave around it, which landed on Felix and his weapons!

Boom Boom!

The shockwave shattered Felix's weapons into crimsondroplets in an instant while his momentumfaltered at once.

Before he could react, Demeter closed its lance and redirected its tip towards his forehead, going for the instakill!

Whoosh!

Unfazed, Felix phased out of existence after the lance was a mere inch from his forehead, causing it to go through him unhindered.

Then, he swiftly moved his head to the side and turned back his body's vibrations to the same plane, making it seem like he blinked back to existence.

"You thought I haven't done my research on you?" Felix uttered coldly as he caught the lance from the middle.

Felix was already informed about many details related to Demeter, from her strengths, weaknesses, divine weapon, fighting style, and more.

In the case of her divine weapon, it was a unique piece of equipment in its own right. While Apollo's Lyre/Bow specialized in mental battles, Hephasutus' divine hammer in destruction, Demeter's lance was an all-rounder weapon.

It could open up and be used as a shield or remain closed and serve its original purpose. Yet, its most unique aspect was its ability to absorb force through its tip and release it as a shockwave or whatever Demeter decided.

However, one of its weaknesses was its superconductivity to electricity!

Thus, just as Demeter was about to pull it away, Felix's hand shimmered with electrical discharges, causing his hand to remain affixed to the metallic surface of the weapon.

This wasn't all, as the electricity coursed through the weapon into Demeter's body, it forced her to keep her hands on it.

The moment Felix got linked directly to Demeter's electrical signals, he sent a system shutdown command, desiring to turn off her brain.

While he could only utilize the electrical discharges his body manifested naturally, he was forced to improvise and come up with ways to make use of them.

Unfortunately, Demeter was always prepared for Felix's lightning-based laws the moment she found out about them.

Thus, before the electrical command could take hold of her, she doubled down on her control over her mind, seemingly taking manual control.

This made her negate the command easily by overriding it manually.

Normal humans could not imagine such a thing as it was impossible for them to control the tasks of a single organ.

'Tsk,'

Felix wasn't too disappointed by his failure as he was already anticipating it. Instead, he geared for the next assault.

Roar! Roar! Roar!..

The seven dragonic heads moved in an instant with jaws wide open at Demeter, attempting to bite massive chunks off her!

"Hardened Skin!"

Demeter's eyes turned solemn as she transformed her skin into the hardest known surface in the universe!

She might not be able to control quantum energy, and her elemental energy was limited after shrinking it with her, she could still control her own body!

Cling! Cling! Cling!

Upon impact, the dragonic heads' sharp teeth failed to leave a single trace of her flesh, biting her with everything they had, but to no avail.

It was like they were biting into an unbreakable piece of material!

Just as Felix wanted to double down on his offense, Demeter broke past the electrical discharge forcefully and let go of her weapon.

Then, with a cold gaze, she ordered, "Mountain's Wrath!"

The Divine lance opened up slightly to make a mountain's peak, causing Felix to let go quickly...However, he was still a tad bit late.

Whoosh! Whoosh!...

The Lance spun on its axis and released thousands of shape blades in every possible direction.

If Felix tried to phase out again, he knew that his entry point would get him hurt beyond measure.

Unlike Uranus or other veteran vibration controllers, he wasn't able to maintain his phasing for more than an instant.

"Dragonic Armor!"

The seven dragonic tails attached themselves to Felix, causing his body to be wrapped by vibrant and colorful scales, each embedded with a dragonic eye!

This was the same armor he used against the third ruler, Amun-Ra, providing him with unparalleled protection and a sensory network that extended beyond the physical.

Cling Cling Cling!

It might not be as great as the last time he used it due to the massive difference in strength, but still, the emergence of the dragonic armor helped Felix block and avoid the rain of divine blades.

As he was under its assault,Demeter took a step back and extended her arm at him, her eyes never left Felix's face.

"I just need to keep you away until Eris finds me. Then, it's a game over for you."

The moment the words left her lips, her extended arm turned into a pitch-black lance manifested out of sand grains. She empowered it with the bits of resplendent divinity in her possession.

Without hesitation, she threw the lance in Felix's direction, knowing that it would be extremely difficult for him to avoid it in his current condition.

'That's it, Demeter, you have him!' Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Uranus' eyes lit up at the sight of Demeter pressuring Felix. Alas, before his confidence in Demeter's chances to defeat Felix could rise, Felix shattered it with a single move.

"Celestial Blood Wall!"

An illuminating dark red shield manifested in front of the flying dark lance and blocked its advances in an instant!

The overbearing spear blew into fragments even when it was enhanced by resplendent divinity.

'Sh*t, he is using his celestial energy to enhance his abilities.' Demeter's expression turned slightly for the worse, 'How much does he still have?'

What terrified her the most was Felix's pool of celestial energy as she had no clue how much he brought with him.

While she understood that the same amount he had on the surface didn't represent what he brought with him, still, in this kind of battle, where both parties were heavily limited, some celestial energy was enough to turn the table around.

'Eris, don't take too long!' Demeter sought reassurance but got nothing besides silence.

Eris kept spectating their battle without much of an expression...Demeter was a bit scared by her silence, but all she could do was focus on blocking Felix's attempts to get a hold of her.

'Be honest, can you get to her?' Uranus narrowed his eyes at Eris.

He refrained from saying anything before since he expected Eris to have a plan in mind as always...But her peculiar silence gave birth to some doubts.

'I can't see it.' Eris paused, 'I can't see a way out for her.'

'Are you messing with me?' Uranus' expression turned cold instantly, 'How can you not find a way to enter their void? Isn't your job to turn the impossible into possible.'

'Not when my powers are sealed.' Eris shook her head, 'The only way to rescue her is to analyze the whole data of the portals' previous exits. Since we don't see the other members of the Paragon's squad in the void, it means that they got thrown somewhere random too. This will add more locations to search.'

'If I had my complete strength and no chains to bother with, I could find out the locations and modify the portal to take us to them one by one. Given there is a relay point on the other side.'

'But now? The pain will affect my focus for such an intricate process.'

Just like Plix, Eris had to be careful when dealing with spatial fluctuation since one mistake might cause the portal to collapse.

While she had no issues pulling it off before, the celestial chains would make it nearly impossible to use any ability that required intense focus.

'What do you mean? Tell it to me straight.' Uranus knitted his eyebrows.

Eris blinked once and without an ounce of emotions in her tone, she uttered, 'We are spectating Demeter's death.'

'...'

Uranus knew that it turned coming, but it yet didn't feel good. It wasn't like he cared about Demeter's well-being.

He merely understood that if Demeter died, Felix would obtain her core and they would forfeit their track completely.

He had no further patience for additional chase.