Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1771 The Indomitable Will of A Mountain.

﻿﻿1771 The Indomitable Will of A Mountain.

'Demeter, no one is coming to save you.' Uranus uttered coldly, 'You better put your heart and soul into this fight.'

Upon hearing this, Demeter felt her heart sink to the bottom of her stomach, almost messing with her defenses.

Cling!!

With another close confrontation, she pulled away from Felix and yelled in her mind, 'Eris! What does he mean!'

'The only way to save you is for us to reach the clockwork tower and get rid of our chains. Then, return to the library and modify the portal to the destination registered and connected to it.' Eris replied honestly, 'All of this will take a decent amount of time. Time, I don't think you have since you need to stay alive so I can use my wisp as a connection point to open up the portal.'

If Demeter was thrown on a different floor with a single portal in it, Eris would need only the location's details and she could modify any portal to reach her.

But, in a void, where not a single ounce of spatial disturbance appeared, it was way more complicated.

Even if she knew about the void's location and had a portal near her, if there was nothing inside the void that could link up with the portal, it wouldn't work.

That's why she needed her wisp to remain alive as with her chaos laws, she could turn it into a portal, bypassing the tower's rules.

After all, she was turning herself into a spatial portal instead of opening one. It was the same as teleportation and phasing abilities being allowed in the tower, but no portaling abilities.

'It can't be...'

When Demeter came to this realization, all she could do was bite her lips hard, knowing that Eris had no reason to wish for her death. Thus, if she uttered this was the only way, she truly meant it.

This made Demeter understand that she could no longer put her faith in Eris and Uranus to save her.

'I need to save myself.' Demeter's gaze got colder, 'I am the mighty Goddess of Earth, the unyielding ruler of mountains. The existence of all life depends on me, how can I succumb in this unknown piece of void!'

"I REFUSE IT!"

With one desperate bellow and eyes ablaze with determination, Demeter doubled down on her attacks, throwing everything in her possession at Felix!

'What the hell?'

Felix was caught slightly off guard by Demeter's sudden change in attitude. Just earlier, she was seeking to slow down the fight and buy time for herself.

In the blink of an eye, she became a glorious goddess wielding her divine lance to its absolute limitation, giving Felix a hellish time, avoiding and blocking her attacks!

Thud!! Thud!! Thud!!...

'Has she gone mad?' Thor commentated with widened eyes in confusion.

'I also don't know.' Fenrir frowned, 'She might be putting Felix into a difficult time, but he can survive it. In the end, she will waste everything she has and give him the chance to devour her core quite easily.'

The rest agreed with his assessment as they watched Demeter go absolutely barbaric on Felix, trading blow after another, creating a rare epic and impactful battle scene between two unigins!

'Something changed.' Felix remarked while ducking his head to avoid Demeter's arm that turned into a green sand chain.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

'For her to act like this, it's clear that her partners have given up on her and made her understand it.' Felix narrowed his eyes, 'In other words, they failed to find a way to enter the void.'

'Sh*t, this means she will...'

Before Felix finished his thought, Demeter's voice rang out, resonating through the void, "By the laws of earth and stone, I command you to petrify!"

'Damn it!'

Felix's expression turned for the worse after noticing his dragonic armored feet starting to petrify into stone!

He swiftly released his evil energy on it, desiring to corrupt and slow down the petrification. Alas, his evil energy was way too inefficient, making him understand that he would be turned into a statue entirely if he didn't change his approach!

"Celestial Black Flames! Devour it!"

The tattoos on his chest glowed fiercely, igniting with black celestial flames before bursting forth and covering his entire body.

The flames surged forth, dancing across his body, fighting back against the creeping stone.

"Argh..."

Meanwhile, Demeter felt a sudden surge of pain ripple through her extended arm. Glancing down, she saw a celestial golden chain appear out of nowhere and coil around her wrist, its links biting into her flesh!

Gritting her teeth, she turned her attention back to Felix, focusing her willpower on the petrification command.

But more chains appeared, slithering from the darkness like serpents, wrapping around Demeter's arms, legs, and torso!

'ARRRRRRGHH!! I AIN'T LETTING GO!'

Each link dug into her skin, sparks of pain shooting through her body, but she refused to relent!

She wasn't too surprised by the chains' quick emergence as her attack was geared to petrify a unigin's existence into a stone!

This was her final and most powerful attack that could take down any unigin if they weren't equipped with enough celestial energy to block it.

Since she was literally abusing her laws to get rid of a peer, the universe would not stay silent.

Meanwhile,Felix was still struggling to stop the petrification with his black flames. While it proved useful opposing it, it merely slowed it down.

Demeter's command was an order to the laws of the universe, an order that could be stopped by only the universe or those sharing equal authority with it. In this case, it was Demeter herself as the goddess of earth and stone!

Even when her body was wracked with pain, her energy waning rapidly, her breath coming in as ragged grasps due to the chains tightening around her, she still refused to stop the petrification.

"I will...not...let you...prevail...I...will...be..saved...if...I..fell...in..slumber...I..will...b

e...saved!" She growled, her voice tinged with desperation.

The only thing keeping her sane was the sight of Felix's body continuing to get encased in stone even with his celestial black flames roaring furiously to consume it.

She knew that if she fell into slumber while Felix was petrified, Eris' wisp would remain alive and she could carry with her help regardless of how much time it needed...It was her last desperate Hail Mary.

Right now, Felix's vision was narrowing as his head was half encased, leaving behind only his right eye and the upper top!

Felix gave up on the rest of his body and summoned whatever he had of celestial black flames on the upper side, making it burn the edges of the stoning process around it furiously.

As he gazed murderously and with a bit of dread at Demeter, who was shackled by more than eighteen chains now, he couldn't help but roar telepathically, 'Demeter!!!'

Demeter's consciousness was already on the verge of slipping away, his scream sounded akin to a faint sea wave over the distance...

'I...can...do..it...'

Cling! Cling! Cling!!

More chains were added, some even pierced right through her, seemingly telling her that the universe was getting angrier at her resistance!

'Cough...I can...do..it..'

Cling! Cling!...Psss! Psss!!!

As more chains kept piercing through her body, her grip on the petrification command slipped, and she felt the weight of exhaustion pulling her down.

With the divine light of the chains around her, she managed to see Felix's condition even with a blurry vision.

What came into her vision was Felix's unyielding bloodshot eye, burning with a pillar of black flames, reaching hundreds of meters above him.

It was the last thing not encased in stone.

'I...'

Pssss!!!

With a final chain piercing through her chest, Demeter's body went limp, the chains pulling her down and tightening their grasp.

Her eyes fluttered shut, her consciousness slumping into the darkness as the universe's will forced her into a deep slumber.

She wasn't fighting opposing Felix's will but against the will of the universe...

Meanwhile, Felix was still encased in stone, his burning eye was the only thing keeping him alive.

As he gazed at Demeter's floating chained-up body, he couldn't help but feel dread and a bit of awe at the number of chains shackling her.

'Twenty-Eight Celestial Chains...How can someone have such a strong will to fight off opposing the pain of this many chains.' Candace murmured in awe, not forgetting how Felix almost got ended by twelve chains.

While both situations were vastly different, she still took double the number while awake!

'That is the indomitable will of a mountain.' Lilith remarked calmly, 'Gaze at it, revere it, for none of you can fathom what she has just gone through.'