Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1773 Some Peace at Last.

﻿﻿1773 Some Peace at Last.

Uranus knew more about this subject than anyone else. His personality was utterly crap because of the laws he commanded not mixing well. This made him have countless emotional outbursts.

If he was commanding just one law, his personality would be more in tune with one emotion or two at most, which was easily controllable, like Artemis or Demeter.

But, when a bunch of laws were mixed in, that's when hell broke loose.

Apollo and Lilith were another example.

Apollo separated his lighthearted personality and pessimistic dark personality into two characters.

Lilith had separated her personality into seven characters, switching between them, wherever she liked.

Even she, couldn't maintain a balance between such conflicting personalities related to the sin laws.

Felix's situation was worse than theirs.

"He will figure it out, he always does," Eris remarked calmly.

"Huh, you have quite a bit of faith in him." Uranus sneered.

"It's not faith. It's absolute confidence." Eris responded without bothering to turn her head, "You should start thinking in the same frequency as me. You have lost twice to him already. It's best not to act smug unless you defeat him."

Uranus got irritated but refrained from talking back...He knew that it wasn't befitting to talk sh*t anymore about Felix unless he delivered.

"Also, it's not guaranteed that he will stay in the tower." Eris noted casually, "If he broke the chains, there is a good chance he will use a wish to leave the tower by sacrificing Demeter's core."

"So, that's why he said she was his ticket out of the void? Will he dare?" Uranus raised an eyebrow in surprise.

He believed Felix would ascend with Demeter's core instead of wasting it on another option. It was simply unimaginable to use a unigin's core as a price for a wish.

"It's the only viable alternative to secure his escape. With his intelligence, he will easily figure out that we will put our eyes across the entire tower." Eris clarified, "In other words, if he decided to abuse his laws and wish to teleport to any floor, he wouldn't make it far with the new punishment."

"Indeed, he could wish to teleport to the 20th floor and use its advantages to get rid of the new chains easily." Uranus frowned, "But, he will know we are camping on the 20th floor. If he has chosen another floor, he has more or less signed his death."

This analysis made Uranus understand that there was a high chance of Felix fooling them about remaining in the tower to waste their time.

While in reality, he wouldn't hesitate to sacrifice Demeter's core and leave the tower's premises.

With no more chains to hold him back, he could go meet up with Apollo's darkside or ditch him completely and hide within his void domain.

They were already struggling to catch him, he didn't dare to imagine what would happen to them if they dared to step inside his domain with his peak strength.

"Then, aren't we f*cked?" Uranus clenched his fist in anger, his emotions turning chaotic again.

In his eyes, if he was in Felix's place, he wouldn't hesitate to ditch Apollo and return to the matter universe.

"It's not conclusive yet." Eris grinned as she turned the door's clock hands clockwise.

"What do you mean?"

"Knowing his ambitious goal, his story in the Echoing Tower is far from over."

Without any clarifications given, Eris stepped inside the dark room, leaving behind one last remark, "Knock on the door when the engineer arrives."

***

Meanwhile, in the empty stretch of the void, Felix's petrified form drifted peacefully. His body was still encased in thick, stone-like layers, his limbs and torso rendered immobile.

However, a crimson mist hovered around his statue-like figure, seemingly chipping away at the damage done by the petrification slowly, but surely.

Felix had his sole unpetrified eye closed, putting his body into a deep slumber while he was hanging around with the tenants inside his consciousness space.

He had already gotten accustomed to the idea of spending twelve million years in the void weeks ago...Though it was quite easy to accept it when he had a town of people inside his mind.

Felix was actually experiencing the first moment of peace ever since he had entered the quantum realm, knowing that in this void, he was unreachable, untouchable, and completely safe.

Though, he was still indecisive about his next move.

Right now, he was seated at the central table with the majority of the tenants, even Khaos decided to come out of his hiding and join the discussion.

While they were giving their own input on the current situation, they were playing a game of poker to pass the time.

"I suggest you leave at the first opportunity." Elder Kraken said as he folded his cards, "You can always return to the quantum realm and meet with Apollo. Plus, you still have his wisp dormant. You can wake him up and come up with a better meeting point."

Most of the tenants nodded in approval.

"You have no more reason to entertain the unigins' chase and should return to the void realm." Thor added, "Also, you have to check on Asna quickly before she wakes up."

"Indeed, spending twelve million years in this void might have a decent time difference, but it is still better to carry on with your original plan as fast as possible." Jörmungandr nodded in agreement.

"Asna..." Felix's expression softened a bit after their conversation returned to the love of his life.

He never forgot his original goal of saving Asna, and he had yet to complete what he started.

At the moment, he was certain that barely an hour or even half of it had passed in the matter universe ever since he stepped into the quantum realm.

Although many life-changing experiences happened to him in the span of one person seated in the toilet with his phone, he was still worried that Asna might wake up at any instant.

If she did, his entire plan and efforts would go down the gutter.

"Asna won't be waking up anytime soon, she suffered from a heavy backlash." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "Unless the three rulers woke her up, but, they have no benefits in doing so."

"Even so, it's better to leave the tower."

"Agreed."

"With this much time in Eris' and Uranus' hands, it will be near impossible to escape from the tower without using a wish."

"Plus, Demeter's core has been sealed by twenty-eight chains. This means if you decide to risk it and ascend with it, you will be inheriting her punishment." Thor noted with a solemn tone.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Twenty-eight chains was equal to twenty-eight million years. Felix had barely accepted the notion of spending twelve million years in solitude, he refused to think about Demeter's punishment.

"If Asna's chances of waking up are slim after you finish your punishment, they will be guaranteed if you decide to add Demeter's punishment."

Felix went silent, gazing into his cards absent-mindedly...He was holding into a considerable crappy hand for a while now and he had yet to fold.

'The majority are favoring ditching the tower and returning to the matter universe. It's for a good reason.' Felix tapped his finger on the table thoughtfully.

Everything that was brought out in the conversation had painted the departure option as the most logical one...However, deep down, Felix felt like something was missing.

He was uncomfortable making this decision. His guts told him this was one of the unredeemable mistakes he would never forgive himself if he made it.

He knew exactly why.