Chapter 1774 Twelve Million Years Later...

1774 Twelve Million Years Later...

'The stone of reality, a treasure like no other, a treasure desired by even the three rulers, a treasure that eluded the strongest unigins.' Felix narrowed his eyes, 'How could I turn my back on such a treasure? How could I defeat the three rulers and save Asna with my current level of improvement? How could I reach that level when I am contemplating running away from two unigins?'

'To deal with monsters, you have to be a monster too.' Felix continued gazing at his sh*tty hand, 'Monsters are not born in peaceful times or by making the safest decisions. They are born out of desperation and the pits of despair.'

Felix's gaze turned colder and more menacing.

'Only the people who crawl out of those pits have the right to fear none, and face all.'

'This void, this punishment, this tower, and this damn chase...Those are my pits and I will crawl out of them and stand before the three rulers again.'

'This time, I won't yield.'

Before anyone could react to the sudden shift in Felix's aura, he pushed all of his coins in and uttered with a tint of madness in his tone, "I am all in."

While most of the tenants were left puzzled, a faint knowing smirk emerged on Lilith's glossy lips.

She was sunbathing near the pool as always with sunglasses on and a bewitching two-piece suit.

'I wonder if he can handle the truth, his truth when he makes contact with the stone of reality. If he can't, will another cy...' She soon broke into a light chuckle while lowering her sunglasses back, 'I am getting ahead of myself...He might not even be shown the full picture.'

'I just have to wait for the curtains to fall, I guess.'

***

Twelve million years later, more or less...

In the void of time, where seconds stretched into millennia and the emptiness of space flowed like an unending river, Felix and his tenants rested in a state of deep slumber.

Having company was great and all, but still, neither Felix nor the tenants had any plans to stay awake for twelve million years, doing nothing but playing games.

While the tenants wouldn't really mind it much, it was fatal for Felix.

Spending that much time unfocused on one's goal and in complete leisure would extinguish his hunger for improvement and the flames of revenge in his heart.

A deep slumber was a must to act as a reset between now and the future. Plus, he needed it to reduce the effects on his personality by his multiple laws.

If there was one thing Felix dreaded from this slumber, was waking up to find himself a completely different person.

Alas, he could do nothing but wish for the best...

Thus, after Felix spent a couple of decades at most hanging around and planning ahead for his future, he turned off the light.

Since the heart of the consciousness space was Felix, the moment he decided to sleep, the majority joined him in his decision.

To keep an eye on Lilith while he was asleep, he left his wisp awake, but in a deep meditation, which made it impossible to sense the passage of time.

After all, he still didn't trust Lilith even though she fed him all sorts of knowledge she had about the first floor and the stone of reality.

'It's about time.' Lilith yawned lazily as she glanced at the sky, noticing the emergence of a golden light in the void.

The golden light released from the celestial chains that had bound Felix for twelve million years!

The moment it emerged, it tightened around his body, constricting his limbs and torso until the links dug into his flesh, their celestial glow intensifying.

This jolt of pressure sent a shockwave through Felix's consciousness, tearing him from his deep sleep.

His eyes snapped open, crimson irises blazing in the darkness, his vision was sharp and alert.

As the embodiment of sloth sin, he was the one deciding whether to wake up muddled or as sharp as a needle.

"Wake up!" Felix's voice rang out through the consciousness space where his tenants rested.

Unlike him, the primogenitors felt like their minds were filled with sludge after waking up.

One by one, they gathered in the town's plaza, some were wearing comfortable pajamas, some were half nude, and some had chosen to sleep in their beastial appearence.

Without needing to ask Felix anything, the golden light cast from the heavens above caught their attention.

"The chains...They are going away!"

Candace clapped her hands excitedly while wearing cute kitten pajamas, seemingly retiring from her days of being a sexy succubus.

Indeed, the chains began to crack and shatter, their links breaking apart into brightness particles without Felix needing to do anything.

"At least the universe is punctual." Thor yawned while scratching his ass.

"I can feel it, the strength, the control over the laws… it's back."

As the chains vanished, Felix felt a surge of power flood through him. Because of force being standardized across the realm, he couldn't really feel his peak strength.

Still, he lifted his hand, his crimson eyes narrowing as he gazed at his clenched fist, sensing that he could dominate the universe again with a mere fist.

It seemed like his seven dragonic tails agreed with him as the tattoos on his arms and chest glowed vividly, the markings of the seven deadly animals roaring in ink!

"Congratulations, little paragon." Lilith chuckled, "You have successfully survived your first universal punishment."

With all the sh*t Felix had gone through after his powers were sealed, sh*t, calling him a survivor was letting him down gently.

"Survive, huh? It's a fitting term." Felix's gaze turned more frigid, "But, no more, I refuse to label myself as a survivor anymore."

"Then it's time to reclaim what's yours," Lord Shiva uttered.

"Shut it, don't tell me what to do." Felix retorted with an authoritative voice during cracking his stiff neck back and forth.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Lord Shiva and the tenants were left stunned by such a disrespectful remark, gazing at Felix's expressionless face with a hint of disbelief.

They had seen Felix do many things, but he had never disrespected any of them once even when he had reached his current godly level.

Being overly stronger than them never made Felix treat them like sh*t or that they were below them. He was still respecting their opinions and teachings, considering them as his masters and elders.

That was his character and one of the reasons why he came this far. Yet, he didn't appear to realize what he said.

"What's the matter?" Felix switched to his wisp and gazed at them with a regal aura that demanded respect.

Most people remained silent, fearing Felix's harsh response if anyone spoke up.

This feeling didn't affect his masters.

"Felix, how do you feel?" Lady Sphinx questioned with a deep frown during walking around him, seemingly studying him. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Can you stop?" Felix narrowed at her irritatedly, "I don't like your gaze, I am not your lab rat."

"Felix!" J?rmungandr gave him a stern look, "Aren't you hearing yourself?"

"Hearing what?" Felix narrowed his eyes in confusion, "What's wrong with everyone?"

"You really don't see your character change? Marvelous..."

Lady Sphinx wasn't bothered by Felix's disrespect. As a veteran researcher, such emotions had no place in her heart.

"Don't waste your time with him."

Lilith appeared suddenly on the plaza, sitting on the fountain's edge with an apple in hand, and a see-through robe, hiding almost nothing out of her swimsuit.

Her appearence caused two conflicting emotions to rise and overwhelm Felix's emotional state...Lust/Wrath.

He lusted after her, but at the same time, he couldn't forget what she had done to him, just the thought of it caused his blood to boil!

"Easy there, little cutie." Lilith winked at him seductively, "We can play later."

"Can you handle me?" Felix's eyes turned pink for a moment before becoming red again, "B*tch, what are you performing to me?!"

This time, Felix felt the peculiar changes within him and how it was extremely difficult to control them.

"Haha, how fun, seeing someone else go through it." Lilith giggled with an unbothered expression.

When she saw that no one was laughing with her and was giving her icy glares, she clicked her tongue in criticism.

"One can't have fun anymore."

She waved her hand, switching her outfit to a modest one, knowing that Felix was in a sensitive state now.

If he felt like his lust was taking control over him, this might trigger his wrath and pride, which in turn, could result in him attacking Lilith!

She had no interest in turning matters physical.

"If it was possible to see through our behavior and figure out what's wrong with it, most unigins wouldn't have struggled with our personalities and emotions," Lilith said casually during biting her apple.

Lilith waved her finger and a spiritual mirror appeared before Felix, showing how he was behaving now and before to put it in perspective.

The moment Felix saw how he treated his master, Lord Shiva, and even Lilith compared to how he was twelve million years ago, a chill coursed down his spine.

"That's me...It can't be..." He murmured, his pupils widened in shock and dread, feeling like he was watching a skinwalker.