Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1775 A Chaotic Persona!

1775 A Chaotic Persona!

Felix already anticipated some changes to his persona after he woke up, but he always believed that he would at least be able to notice the changes.

To see himself insulting his master Lady Sphinx after everything they had gone through together was something he never imagined.

"Master, I am sor..."

"You don't have to." Lady Sphinx uninterrupted his apology, "I have heard worse."

"It's clear that it wasn't you." Thor nodded, "You should prioritize finding a way to contain those changes."

Felix's eyes shone gold as he opened his mouth, hinting at putting Thor in his place.

However, Felix closed his mouth with great difficulty and started thinking of things that relaxed him. Immediately after, a wave of peacefulness washed over him, making him feel like he was meditating under a waterfall.

The golden light in his eyes was replaced with a hazy blue light.

"Oho? Did you tap into your water laws to tune down your pride?" Lilith chuckled, "Not bad, you are a quick learner."

Hearing her condescending tone made a vein pop in Felix's neck, but he kept thinking of a happy and relaxing place, allowing his water/ice law embodiment to chill him down.

A moment later, he opened his eyes again and sighed in relief with a chilling air coming out of his nose and lips.

"Luckily, I have water/ice laws to cancel out the outbursts."

He referred to them as outbursts since he almost had no control over them. He felt like it didn't matter who stood before him, if he dared to give him advice or tell him what to do, his pride embodiment would lash out instantly.

After all, he was one of the strongest unigins in the universe and the embodiment of pride sin, how could his persona allow him to listen to those below him?

"It's useful now, but with more time passes, you won't be able to cancel out the outbursts." Lilith remarked casually, "This is nothing, you are just touching upon the changes. If you lived for billions of years like us, the only way forward is to separate and categorize your personality."

The tenants nodded with solemn expressions, feeling like it would get tougher and tougher to live with Felix if nothing was done. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

After all, he was the paragon of sins, the worst possible kind of feelings one could have for his persona.

They weren't referred to as sins for no reason. They do more harm than good for anyone. To be their embodiment, Felix would turn more evil with time until nothing matters in his life, but himself.

What kind of life was that?

"I have seven dragonic tails, can I separate those feelings to each one?" Felix wondered with a serious tone.

Lilith was able to separate her persona into seven characters without having the seven tails. In his eyes, it should be easier for him.

He was correct.

"You can, but there is a downside." Lilith remarked, "If you want to utilize your seven sins, you have to do it through your dragonic heads now."

"Just like when I bring out my perfect clones?" Felix raised an eyebrow.

"Exactly."

"It's not so bad." Felix wasn't too bothered, "It's a fair price to pay for my sanity."

While this would force Felix to always have his dragonic tails active on duty since he needed to order them to activate the abilities he desired, he would take it any day over the new chaotic persona.

Also, this was a mere temporary solution.

"This means you will be left with lightning, void, water, and fire-based laws." Candace said, "Fortunately, the void law has no severe emotional change since it represents nothingness," Candace said.

"Lightning influences both wrath and pride mildly, so even if you placed your wrath/pride laws on the sidelines, you will still be affected by them." Thor added.

"Though, your water/ice laws will cancel out the strong personality effects of fire/magma laws." Lady Sphinx noted, "You will at least not turn into Hephaestus."

Indeed, if Felix sealed out the disturbance caused by his seven sins embodiment in his tails, he could handle the rest of the laws.

"This is nothing but a bandage." Felix frowned, "What am I going to do if I added more laws? How am I supposed to behave when my actions will be dominated by the soup of laws within me?"

While the solution was good, it didn't satisfy Felix fully. He understood that it would be impossible for him to take on the three rulers when he could not even control his own actions.

"There is an easy solution for this," Lilith said with a faded grin.

When Felix noticed her grin, he knew he wouldn't like it.

"What is it?" He asked, narrowing his eyes.

"It's simple really." Lilith stretched her arms behind her back as she disclosed, "All you have to do is ascend with Eris' core."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Although he expected an insane answer, he was still left stunned. The rest of the tenants shared the same reaction as him.

"Hmmm, interesting." Lord Marduk interjected, "With Felix's laws mismatched, it gives birth to chaos within him. If he had the law of order, he could balance the chaos within him quite easily with a thought."

"Is that true?" Candace raised an eyebrow in surprise.

"Why do you think Eris is always calm and unbothered?" Lilith said with a hint of envy in her voice, "That four-eyed witch has always been enjoying her peace unlike us due to her laws."

While the tenants nodded in understanding, Felix's eyes flashed with a green light, representing his greed taking hold of him.

'Eris' core...It's the solution to all my problems. I need it, no, I must have it at all cost!' He thought, his eyes reflecting an unhealthy level of greed.

Before it could do more damage and force him to make a move at Eris right this instant, Felix swiftly tapped into his water/ice laws again.

"So annoying, I can't work like this." Felix tightened his fists in irritation, feeling like he was forced to babysit his own mind.

Thus, before he could carry on with the discussion, he decided to start the process of separation.

It was impossible to come up with a logical plan when he was being pulled around by his emotions.

Before he could ask her, Lilith helped him with the method.

"Just visualize the aspects of your personality affected by your sin laws, then make a wish to detach from them." She added, "Don't forget to link them with your seven dragonic tails."

In her case, she had to create seven wisps and link each one with her law embodiment through a wish...But, since Felix's seven dragonic tails had their own souls, his situation was more straightforward.

"Easy enough." Felix nodded.

One by one, Felix began to visualize the aspects of his personality related to Wrath, Pride, Envy, Greed, Lust, Gluttony, and Sloth until the tenants appeared before him alone.

Each law of his psyche manifested as a mist with distinct colors and auras. Then, he summoned his dragonic tails.

Next, Felix approached the first dragon head, representing Wrath. He touched his forehead to the dragon's snout, and with a whispered wish, he transferred the core of wrath into the creature.

He repeated this process with each dragonic head until Felix was completely detached from his seven sins laws.

The price wasn't too bad since Felix wasn't asking for anything outrageous.

"I don't feel much difference," Felix murmured as Felix closed and opened his palm.

"Obviously, you didn't remove those emotions completely. As I said, you just moved the representation of the laws to your dragonic heads, which meant, the tenants are the ones who would feel the full brunt of your actions," Lilith explained.

"I see." Felix nodded in understanding.

With all things considered, this wasn't a bad solution and if Felix wanted to get rid of it completely, Felix was already given the key.

"Now, where have we been?" Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, "Eris, right?"