Chapter 1776 Severed Communications.

﻿﻿1776 Severed Communications.

"Chaos and Order laws are extremely powerful." Thor mentioned, "Till now, I still believe that Eris hasn't shown her full strength. So, if you are going to aim for her, you need to be prepared like no other time."

Felix's initial plan was to aim for the stone of reality and leave the tower immediately after obtaining it. However, if he sought after Eris' core, he had to change his plans.

There was a huge difference between fighting unigins and seeking to harvest their cores.

Eris alone would go all out, making sure to foil his attempts. With Uranus at her side, it would be harder than ever...Especially, when his options got limited after Asna's core started the devouring process.

"Eris is too shrewd." Lady Sphinx added with a solemn tone, "If I was in her place, I would have predicted your next move to be gunning after the stone of reality. Thus, they will be also prepared for your arrival."

If it was someone else, they would have assumed that Felix would use Demeter's core as a price to escape the tower...But, Eris wasn't any random person.

She would predict Felix using Demeter's core as a price to get himself teleported straight to the first floor!

This was exactly what Felix planned on doing initially. He didn't even bother to consider wishing to obtain the stone of reality straightaway.

He was certain it wouldn't work.

Lilith had told him that the three rulers planned to sacrifice whatever celestial energy was required as a price to obtain the stone of reality.

Unfortunately, they were forced to scrap the idea after the universe didn't respond to Lilith's calls.

This meant the wish could not be fulfilled regardless of the price, just like wishing for the death of the three rulers, the unigins, and such farfetched wishes.

"Indeed, this changes everything." Felix nodded calmly, "I can't focus on the stone of reality if I seek Eris' core...I have to deal with them first."

"How do you suggest doing that?" Candace wondered, "If you devoured one core, you will be left susceptible to attacks from the other. Will you try to devour both their cores simultaneously like you did with Zeus and Poseidon?"

"It's doubtful if it will work against them." Felix shook his head.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Eris and Uranus weren't the same as Zeus and Poseidon...In both strength and intelligence. But, most importantly, Felix wasn't in his dreamrealm, where he could act as a god in it.

In fact, he might get caught in her dimensional prisons if he got too close to Eris. This time, she wouldn't allow him to escape no matter what.

That's just Eris, how could he bring even Uranus near Asna's core too, and commence the process?

This was without mentioning that both unigins wouldn't hesitate to abuse their laws to the limit the moment they felt an ounce of danger for their lives.

All past unigins slain under Felix were taken down before they could manage to still their will and abuse their laws.

If Asna's core had already kicked off its devouring process, then, it wouldn't matter anymore.

Only Demeter was brave and had the necessary will to abuse her laws to take down Felix...While she failed, she was very close to saving herself.

On the other hand, Uranus was done screwing around. He had already planned on using Matter Execution the instant he faced Felix regardless of the price he had to pay.

Felix knew this, so he had to act very, very smart about his next move.

"The only way forward is to fight them separately." Felix held his chin thoughtfully, "But, how am I supposed to separate them?"

"You probably don't need to." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "I believe they will separate themselves to camp on the first level and the 20th floor."

"Hmm? Make sense." Felix nodded in realization.

While Eris was capable of predicting his next move, she wouldn't commit to it 100%. It was foolish to leave the 20th floor unguarded when it was considered a free ticket for the unigins to abuse their laws.

Thus, one of them had to remain there.

"Will it make any difference?" Candace tilted her head in confusion, "I believe they will be able to support each other almost instantly with their kind of abilities."

While Candace wasn't too knowledgeable about the full range of Eris' abilities, she had enough common sense to assume such a possibility.

"True, they wouldn't separate unless they had countermeasures to assist each other in an instant." Felix said coldly, "But, I have my powers now. I can come up with something to deal with it."

Felix managed to survive a chase from three unigins and even take one down while his strength was sealed by 99%. He pulled it off without using a single sin law-based ability.

With his unique seven sin laws symbols and sin-symbolic techniques back, anything was possible...Especially, in the quantum realm.

Noticing his confidence, Candace couldn't help but ask with an eager tone, "What do you have in mind?"

"Nothing for now, it's yet too fuzzy." Felix coughed.

"..." Candace was left speechless at his empty confidence.

"There is no need to rush." Lady Sphinx advised, "With your abilities returned, you can create more sin-symbolic techniques fit for your battle."

"I was planning to." Felix nodded, "My contemplating wisp has come up with some brilliant new sin-symbolic techniques that require Zeus' and Poseidion's laws."

His wisp was awake for twelve million years and Felix wasn't stupid to waste this kind of time on mindless meditation.

He put him on duty to come up with new symbols and sin-symbolic techniques, knowing that he had barely scratched the surface.

With the new laws involved, it opened a new vault of techniques...Techniques that no one could prepare against.

"But first, how much time has gone by in the matter universe?" Felix asked with a solemn tone.

If too much time had passed, he wouldn't feel comfortable with taking his sweet time training...His thought would be consumed with the thought of Asna waking up at any moment.

"Close to a millennia has gone by in the matter universe." Lady Sphinx anwsered.

"A millennia? So, a close ratio of an hour to a year?" Felix mumbled, "It's not so bad...Asna shouldn't be up."

With the heavy backlash, Asna went through after breaking her seal, a millennia of recovery was nothing unless the three rulers intervened.

Her core being at the furthest possible distance made it even harder to recover faster...Especially, when she would be locked up in the dimensional pocket next to the universe's heart.

"Why don't you establish a connection with her right now?" Candace wondered in confusion, "Your abilities have been restored. I doubt distance is the issue?"

"You think I haven't thought it? Distance isn't an issue, but the tower is." Felix shook his head, "I can't even feel my mark inside her dream world, making it impossible to communicate with it."

"Indeed, it must be it." Lady Sphinx nodded in support, "The tower cuts off all sorts of communication with the outside world."

"It would have been different if I had my wisp in her dreamworld, but alas." Felix sighed bitterly.

Communication between wisps inside and outside the tower was only possible because the person could freely switch focus between their main consciousness and wisp.

In this case, Felix had a mark, a brand, in Asna's dreamworld, and the only way to activate it was by leaving the tower's domain.

This meant Felix could reach out to Asna any moment he desired as long as he decided to use Demeter's core to leave the tower.

While he missed her dearly and wanted nothing more but to hold her in his embrace again, he knew it wasn't the right time.

Especially when he knew it wouldn't save Asna completely...After all, the mark was nothing but a mere attempt to establish communication through her dream world.