Chapter 1777 The Moment of Truth is Nigh...

1777 The Moment of Truth is Nigh...

While Felix started experimenting with the new symbols and sin-symbolic techniques theories, the news about the chase had already reached the eternal kingdom.

Right now, in the heart of Artemis' domain, where a spectrum of ancient forests and rich undergrowth,Artemis was hosting Athena and Aeolus.

They were settledaround a table within a lush peaceful jungle...Artemis poured a creamy, amber nectar into carved wooden cups, handing them out.

Athena raised her cup in a silent toast, her eyes thoughtful. "Both the quantum realm and the eternal kingdom have seen upheaval unlike any before. Demeter's fall is a loss that will be felt deeply."

Aeolus nodded, stirring the drink in his cup, watching the liquid spin like the winds he commanded.

"I still can't believe it...Not only did they fail to catch him, but they ended up losing Demeter for good and even gave him the chance to break his celestial chains... It's unsettling. He has regained his full strength and who knows what his next move will be."

Athena leaned forward, her gaze sharp and calculated, "It took me by surprise too, I didn't expect this from Eris and Uranus. Such a setback, it's bound to bite them later in the ass."

"Ahhh, I feel like we are dropping by like flies." Artemis smiled bitterly, "Not even Lilith has put us through this much terror."

"I also never thought a mortal would make Lilith seem like a nicer paragon." Aeolus gazed at his peers and the infinite sky above them, "It's just us left. It feels too eerie...I don't know why, but I am starting to believe that Eris and Uranus will be next to die. Then, it will be us..."

How could Aeolus not feel a bit anxious about their future? Felix had proved to be unstoppable even while chained up by the universe.

He had already cleared up the kingdom of most unigins and he felt that when he returned here, he wouldn't show them mercy.

Whether they sit this one out or not, if he ever came to attack the eternal kingdom, they would be forced to defend it with the three rulers again unless they decided to exile themselves.

"Honestly, if he managed to deal with Eris and Uranus, I won't wait for him to return." Artemis said softly, "I will exile myself and live in isolation somewhere random in the universe until this war ends."

"You guys are being too pessimistic." Athena remarked with a serious tone, "There is still Ares, who has yet to make his move. I am sure that the three rulers must have contacted him and told him to be more active."

The moment Ares' name was brought up, Aretimis' and Aeolus' concerns seemed to die out in relief...Their reaction was understandable.

If Felix was the Boogyman, then Ares, was the hitman sent to kill him...He was that terrifying and powerful.

"But, even if he wanted to join the fun, it's too late now." Aeolus frowned, "They are in the tower and I doubt he can access it. His laws might be too wicked, but the tower's authority is absolute."

"True, but still, this is Ares." Athena narrowed her eyes, "If he wanted, I am certain he will find a way."

...

Speaking of Boogyman's assassin, Ares could be seen still sitting in a meditation posture amidst a colorful nothingness in the realm of infinity and finality.

The realm where all matter starts and ends.

A realm where life/matter could not fundamentally exist.

A realm where even unigins could not step inside without getting disintegrated and joining the colorful mess.

The third level and the bottom level of the quantum realm.

Yet, Ares was chilling in it like he was in his home.

'What an interesting little lad, I thought Eris was enough to deal with him in his current weakened state. I guess I have underestimated him plenty.' Ares chuckled to himself, his eyes reflecting peculiar scenes occurring within the tower.

It was like he was watching a live stream...This was simply impossible on so many levels when considering that the tower was a sealed-shut edifice!

'So be it, this will make it more worthwhile.' Ares closed his eyes again and returned to his isolation.

While Athena believed that the three rulers must have contacted Ares and pressured him to make his move, in reality, they left him to his own devices.

They knew Ares would never gang up on a target regardless of his power or danger. In other words, he planned to wait until either side won.

As for fearing Felix growing stronger than ever after wiping out Eris and Uranus? Such a thought never bothered him.

In fact, as the God of War, he welcomed it with open arms.

...

Meanwhile, back on the 20th floor, Uranus was sitting at the highest point of the clockwork tower.

His hair was fluttering by the wind as he leaned his head against his divine bronze scythe, gazing into the distance with an unconcerned expression.

'Twelve million years should have already passed more or less in the void.' He thought, 'Now, it's the moment of the truth. Will he appear on the first floor as predicted by Eris or will he run away?'

Uranus wasn't too pleased with this development. He was left behind to guard the 20th floor while Eris was sent to camp on the 1st floor.

She was chosen because he refused to come close to the stone of reality ever again after he almost lost his life in their previous attempt. It worked out in their favor too due to the environment on the 1st floor being more fit for Eris.

However, none of this preparation would matter if Felix determined to leave the tower altogether.

Since there was no way for them to find out whether Felix determined to stay or leave, all they could do was wait patiently for his next move.

This was a horrible plan, but he couldn't complain as they had already lost many great chances to end Felix once and for all.

'Have some faith, he will show up, sooner or later.' Eris pacified his irritation through a wisp she planted in his mind.

'Faith? I hate being in the passive role.' Uranus growled.

'If he decides to leave the tower, I have put one of my clones near the rift location.' Eris added, 'If he shows up for Apollo's sake, we would know.' Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

While this wasn't perfect, it did make Uranus feel somewhat relieved. What he feared the most was Felix leaving the tower while they stayed waiting for him forever akin to idiots.

'If he shows up, just remember, this is it, there won't be any more chances.' Eris alerted calmly, 'Either we win or we die, there is no other alternative.'

'Die? The universe's heart will break open alone before I drop dead.' Uranus sneered coldly, 'The moment the f*cker appears before me, I will erase him off the face of the universe.'

'We will see about that.'

Eris closed her eyes and switched her focus back to her main consciousness. The moment she opened her eyes, she glanced above her and murmured, 'The moment of truth is nigh.'

As she was closing her eyelids, a fading reflection was caught on her pupil, a reflection of a massive gray stone in the shape of a heart.

Ka-thumb! Ka-thumb! Ka-thumb!

With each powerful and thunderous heartbeat, cracks appeared on it, releasing a peculiar misty miasma.

Eris seemed to distance herself from that miasma at all costs...Why? Only those who stepped into the first floor knew.