Chapter 1778 Challenging The Universe's Authority!

﻿﻿1778 Challenging The Universe's Authority!

Many years later...

In a void, where the absence of light prevailed, Felix was seen surrounded by close to a hundred symbols and sin-symbolic techniques, creating a colorful show in this desolate graveyard.

Suddenly, he snapped his eyes open, and the symbols disappeared at once, reflecting at the back of his demonic crimson eyes.

"It's time." He declared calmly as he stood up slowly.

The tenants all shared solemn expressions as they observed him stretch his limbs. None of them questioned his readiness or doubted his chances to win.

They had followed his preparation journey from A to Z and knew that he left no stone unturned.

If it was up to them, they would undoubtedly proclaim that the current Felix was at his strongest form if physical strength wasn't taken into consideration due to the quantum realm.

"Give them hell." Thor gave him a head nod in approval.

"You know it."

With a cold smile, Felix summoned out the green dragonic tail with the head of a fox and wished out loud for all to hear, "I wish to be conveyed directly to the 20th floor, the Clockwork Tower,"

The moment the Equal Trade symbol was invoked, it manifested before him in all of its glory and terrifying appetite for sacrifices.

"I offer the core of Demeter as the price for this passage." He declared.

The Equal Trade symbol flickered, its edges blurring as it processed the gravity of the transaction.

The fabric of reality itself seemed to hold its breath as the symbol considered such an insane price.

"I can't believe he really went for it...A core, a unigin core will be sacrificed...Crazy!" Lord Loki mumbled in shock, not expecting Felix's lack of hesitation.

While Unigins couldn't really be killed since the universe's heart could create new cores after a period, still, it didn't take away from the craziness of the situation!

"The kid has really come a long way, from being stingy with supremacy coins to sacrificing unigin's cores." Jörmungandr chuckled, reminiscing on the old good times, as he watched the symbol accepting the payment.

It glowed brighter, its light intensifying to a blinding radiance as it began to break the core apart and devour its energy.

Cling! Cling! Cling!

The twenty-eight celestial chains materialized around the core, rattling noisily, but the fox couldn't care less.

It opened its mouth wide and devoured the core with its chains!

"There goes an ascension." Felix chuckled in derision.

He might not have hesitated, but it didn't mean that the decision hadn't done damage to him.

"Sacrificing one for two isn't too bad either."

He narrowed his eyes as he prepared himself to get teleported and commence his assault.

However, just as the universe was about to fulfill his wish, the Echoing Tower intervened!

From the very depths, the stone of reality summoned its own energy, creating a counterforce against Felix's wish, generating a defensive barrier of temporal and spatial distortions designed to deny Felix's departure!!

It was like the tower refused to accept the universe's intervention in its ironclad rules and authority within its domain!

But, the universe's word was final and must not be challenged.

This created a clash of these two colossal primordial forces, rupturing the stability of the surrounding void!

Stunned and a bit scared, Felix kept gazing around him with widened eyes at the emerging cracks in spacetime, creating a spider-web around him!

"What the f*ck?! What the f*ck?! The tower can go against the universe's authority even while it is being active?!"

Felix and the tenants were already having trouble accepting the stone of reality sharing an equal authority to the universe while it was dormant.

To see the universe failing to reinforce its authority actively was a different kind of insanity!

This was like a hyena being equal in strength to a slumbering lion. Realistically, the moment it woke up, the hyena should have absolutely no chance against it.

The scene before them told a different story!Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The very core of the void threatened to shatter like glass under the strain of these conflicting cosmic authorities!

Felix, caught in the epicenter of this cataclysmic battle, shielded himself with barriers while moving all over the place, attempting to avoid the shards of reality.

'Holy sh*t, holy sh*t, did I get scammed out of a core?! Don't tell me I am going to die like this?!'

Scared sh*tless, Felix kept moving all over the place, knowing that the moment he got caught in a spatial crack, it would be game over for him.

He had no idea where he would get thrown and he didn't want to find out.

Fortunately, it didn't seem like the universe had taken this kind of disrespect lightly.

With a deafening roar that echoed through the void, the true universal forces intervened, tipping the balance in favor of the transaction!

The Equal Trade symbol, now fully doused with the power of Demeter's core, outshone the resistance mounted by the Echoing Tower!

Before Felix or the tenants could react, he felt a sudden familiar shift, making him realize that the symbol was about to grant his wish.

Thus, although this situation challenged the very concept of the universe being the ultimate authority, Felix threw everything at the back of his mind and focused on his main goal.

With a cold focused gaze, Felix vanished from his original position, conveyed directly into the heart of the 20th floor, the Clockwork Tower!

He emerged at the center of the grand entrance, surrounded by walls adorned with intricate gears and swaying pendulums.

Without wasting a single nanosecond or bothering to look for his enemies, he brought forth the equal trade symbol and made another wish, "I wish for the Clockwork Tower, to be locked against any and all forms of spatial teleportation and manipulation!"

The price used for the wish? It was none other than the void creatures born under the leadership of Nimo and the void nation in the past millennia.

As Felix was never alone in his struggles.

Right this moment, in the boundless expanse of the void realm, Nimo and the Void Nation had their eyes captured by an unexpected phenomenon.

The new army of void creatures started to radiate with an unnatural green light and then broke apart, dissolving into streams of green particles.

As the light intensified, it turned into a mirroring Equal Trade symbol, floating ominously above them.

The fox started devouring the void creatures akin to a hungry hippo under everyone's stunned eyes.

Instinctively, they dropped to their knees, their faces lifted in awe and reverence. They knew that Nimo would never use Felix's resources for a wish, which meant, this was the doing of their god!

Thus, a wave of recognition and devotion swept through the crowd as they started cheering zealously.

"For the Paragon, our god!!"..."For the Paragon, our god!!"..."For the Paragon, our god!!"

As the cheers echoed around him, a smile broke on Nimo's youthful face.

He no longer was a child, becoming a fine young adult, who was almost identical to his father...If the raccoon ears and the tail weren't taken into consideration.

'Father, the only news we get is from Aunt Candace, but I can already tell that you are kicking ass down there.' He uttered, his heart filled with pride at the notion of aiding his father in his quest to save his mother.

Suddenly, Arthur came from nowhere and bowed his head, "My prince, it seems like our lord has restored his powers, this means he will require more and more void creatures. At this pace, we might run out before him."

"That's unacceptable." Nimo's tone turned sinister, "Make more void creatures, I don't care if you consume galaxies to make it happen, just do it."

"That's what I wanted to hear." Arthur took off with a pleased cold look.