Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1779 Two Seconds!

1779 Two Seconds!

Unlike Felix, Nimo had absolutely no connection to the universe or the races living in it. All he cared about was his father's and mother's safety.

They were his entire world ever since he was born and if he had to sacrifice the entire universe to help them achieve their agendas, so be it.

As for empathy, mercy, and such good-natured emotions? He had none for the strangers...For he was a miniature version of the paragon of sins!

Candace, who was always by Nimo's side, heard his cold-blooded order and tried to intervene, knowing that it would not sit right with Felix's soul.

"Nim..."

"Aunty, don't bother." Nimo replied indifferently.

"I am just trying to tell you that you should target deserted galaxies or at least places outside of the SGAlliance's territory." Candace sighed, "I also couldn't care less about their lives, but the alliance is our lord's legacy. If we invaded and started slaughtering them, it would undo all the work he has done."

"..." Nimo went silent for a moment, realizing that she was right. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

While he couldn't understand his father's care for those mortals, he would never do anything to taint his legacy.

"Fine, tell them to target deserted galaxies. There is plenty to farm in them." He ordered while gazing at the symbol still hard at work.

"Good call." Candace smiled and went to deliver the new order.

Unlike Nimo, she understood that while Felix's heart could be said to have turned cold and uncaring about mortals, he would still not strike them down just because.

It was for a simple reason...He had never forgotten his origins.

...

Back to Clockwork Tower, Felix's wish had worked even though the time difference was too big between the realms!

It was normal when considering that the judge was the universe and time would not put a limitation on it.

The wish had made the tower to be on total lockdown from any spatial-related abilities or techniques, regardless of their nature!

In other words, even if Eris tried to use her chaos voodoo magic to get in here, she would fail hard!

It was only logical since Choas laws tapped on other laws to achieve her agendas instead of creating answers out of thin air.

Even in chaos, there was order and logic.

Unbeknownst to this, Uranus' face contorted with a mixture of shock and anger the moment Felix had entered the floor.

He had waited many years in the same spot after Felix completed the twelve million years of punishment.

This made him start to doubt whether Felix would even show up and that he must be somewhere in the quantum realm, laughing at them.

Thus, when he appeared, he couldn't help but feel like he was dreaming. However, Felix brought him back to reality after pulling off the spatial lockdown wish, making him understand that he was the real deal.

"PARAGON!!!" Uranus bellowed, his voice reverberating hatefully from the top of the tower.

He kept his word to Eris and wasted absolutely no time in his attack.

He raised his hand, palm facing toward Felix, and then hissed through his clenched teeth "Matter Execution!"

With a forceful thrust of his arm, Uranus directed the invisible vibrational waves towards Felix!

The attack moved with brutal speed, a silent deadly force, racing across the distance between them!

It was an unforgiving strike, intended to disintegrate Felix instantly, leaving nothing but a void where he once stood.

Yet, Felix neither moved nor bothered to conjure up a barrier.

He remained standing in his place with one hand resting on his neck, eating the attack directly with a nonchalant expression.

Upon contact, the anticipated disintegration at the string-based level hadn't occurred. Instead, a mere wave of wind washed over Felix, fluttering his wavy long crimson hair for a moment before resting back in its place...

Under Uranus' stunned expression, Felix remarked indifferently, "I only have two seconds of immunities against your laws, but it's more than enough for the likes of you."

Before Uranus could react, Felix invoked the Wrathful Separation symbol and separated himself into seven entities, each with a different hair and eye color!

All of them had the seven dragonic tails summoned up behind them.

He wasn't done, all seven clones activated a new sin-symbolic technique called, Prideful Storm Surge!

A technique that encapsulated the essence of Gluttony by consuming energy from its surroundings, and turning it into electrical quantum-based energy!

When it came to energies, gluttony law was at the very top, and not even quantum energy would elude it.

Pride by feeding off Felix's self-belief to be the fastest being around, and lastly, the ferocious speed of and striking power of lightning!

This technique elevated Felix's speed to unparalleled levels but also imbued him with an overwhelming sense of superiority and an insatiable desire to outpace all others, literally and metaphorically consuming any competition around him!

Without hesitation, all seven Felixes charged at Uranus, their bodies engulfed in wild electricity!

Since each had a different color scheme, the electrical discharges matched it and made them resemble a rainbow ark as they landed right next to Uranus.

"It's time to pay your debt."

One of the clones uttered coldly as heunleashed another technique called Wrathful Lightning Storm.

He summoned a fierce tempest of crimson lightning that crackled violently towards Uranus.

Simultaneously, another clone invoked Pride's Arcs generating spectacular golden arcs of electricity that crowned their heads.

These arcs lashed out like royal scepters, seeking to not only strike Uranus but also to impose psychological dominance!

'Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!'

As Uranus countered these assaults with waves of his own vibrational energy, trying to break the attacks back to their quantum energy and create openings for counterstrikes, the third clone employed Gluttony's Swallowing Whirl!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

This clone spun at the center of the fray, creating a vortex that attempted to suck in anything nearby!

The whirl was ferocious, growing in intensity with each second, drawing in debris, energy, and any stray attacks, using them to fuel its own destructive power.

Uranus grunted under the weight of the relentless attacks.

He parried a lightning bolt, deflected a golden arc, ate a flaming fist, and narrowly escaped the pull of the swallowing whirl.

There was a literal myriad of elemental attacks assaulting like there was no tomorrow, making it extremely difficult to predict their next moves.

While the scene was chaotic, he was the only one who realized that Felix's clones had insane coordination, leaving him little room for recovery!

Overwhelmed and damaged, Uranus did something he had absolutely not done before in his life before a unigin.

'Phase out!!'

He broke into vibrations and escaped from Felix's onslaughter!

When his form was reconstructed again, he was on the other side of the Clocktower, wounded and bleeding from many areas of his body.

He gazed at Felix and his clones with rage burning down his chest as he wiped the blood out of his nose, tainting his gray beard.

"Not bad, but you have merely squandered your resources on those temporary immunities." He sneered, "All I have to do is buy time until it expires, two seconds? Two minutes? It doesn't matter to me."

"You are truly unwise if you assumed that this is the full scope of my preparation."

The seven clones spoke at once, their eyes gleaming with seven different colors, but they all shared one thing...Absolute confidence!

The Wrath clone raised his hand calmly and uttered, "Avaricious Maelstrom of Corruption. Reclaim The Clocktower."