Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1780 Freeze.

﻿﻿1780 Freeze.

With a sudden, explosive gesture, Felix slammed his palms together, releasing the Avaricious Maelstrom at the Clockwork tower!

A massiveswirling vortex of crimson energy erupted, spiraling outwards with ferocious speed and intensity, threatening to devour anything in sight!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The maelstrom was a terrifying sight to behold, having a center with a deep shade of blood red that seemed to throb with hunger.

Meanwhile, the outer edges were tainted with darker hues of evil energy. As the vortex expanded, the symbols of Wrath and Greed fueled it, causing its corruptive power to intensify with each rotation!

This was Felix's first sin-symbolic technique that had evil energy added to the mix. He had created it while he was in the eternal kingdom amongst the original twenty techniques.

He never found a great time to use it since evil energy was quite useless against unigins. But, in the quantum realm?

It was the ultimate weapon!

In mere milliseconds, the maelstrom engulfed the Clockwork Tower, seeping into its intricate gears and polished metal surfaces, corroding and tainting it!

The tower's very structure seemed to groan under the weight of corruption, causing Uranus' expression to turn ugly at the sight.

'Bastard! He is trying to gain ownership of the tower!!'

The understanding had struck him akin to a chilling dagger piercing his heart. He understood that if Felix succeeded, he would be able to manipulate time in the clockwork tower!

This would affect him too and there wasn't much he could do about it since the tower's authority was absolute!

'Eris! Get in here quickly!' Uranus called for support in agitation.

'I can't, he has locked down the floor.' Eris responded calmly, 'Even if I want to turn my wisp into a portal, it won't work. All you can do is buy time until the temporary spatial lockdown expires.'

'Argh, so f*cking useless!'

Furious, he pulled out his divine scythe, deciding to take matters into his own hands.

He released his radiant/resplendent divinities to the limit and phased back into the mayhem. He swung his scythe widely, releasing a powerful vibration wave at the crimson storm!

Alas, Felix was prepared to defend it with his life.

"Absolute Zero Chill!"

The seven clones waved their hands simultaneously, releasing chilling mist from their palms at the invisible vibrations, targeting them solely!

The vibrations halted in their place immediately while the crimson mist kept doing its business!

'What?!'

This sight startled Uranus, making him turn his widened eyes to Felix, seemingly wondering how he pulled it off.

His reaction was comprehensible as not even Poseidon was able to freeze his vibrations in time!

"I may not be as good as you at controlling vibrations, but my understanding is deep enough to intercept your attacks."

Felix and his clones utilized their insane speed to appear right next to him from all directions and start another round of bombardment...At the same time, he was giving him a lecture.

"As long as I can read your vibrations' frequency, they are nothing but useless soundless noises."

BOOOOM!!!

The moment that sentence resounded in Uranus' ears, one of the clones covered his fist in transferred purified quantum-based void energy, and smashed Uranus right in the back!

Uranus had used his peak defensive technique this time, which protected him easily by breaking the void energy into its original form.

This happened to all of Felix's strikes regardless of their nature, whether he used elemental energy or quantum energy as its source.

But, Felix didn't care...His goal had been achieved.

The Clockwork Tower had been corrupted successfully and there was nothing Uranus could do about it anymore.

'Devour him.' Felix ordered coldly as he remained close to Uranus, who was defending himself from the attack of seven unigins!

At this moment, anyone would wish to go against seven individual unigins than seven perfect clones of Felix.

Clones that could use all available sin-symbolic strategies due to the seven dragonic tails being cloned all together for each!

What's worse? Felix was also capable of commanding vibrations, which allowed him to mess up with Uranus' attempt to escape either through phasing out or breaking into vibrations!

Phasing out or such abilities required perfect control over frequencies since it allowed them to hop from one parallel plane to another.

Felix constantly disturbed those frequencies, making it impossible for Uranus to match his entire existence into one!

Each time his form turned illusionary, it crashed out, and he received another beating from seven sides.

This kept happening while Asna's core was pulling his core out of his body against his will, seeking to feast on it.

'Sh*t, sh*t, sh*t!'

Uranus kept getting disturbed and a bit afraid of the current development, feeling like he had absolutely no control over the battle's momentum.

Now, even his core was about to get merged with Asna's? He understood that the moment they got merged, his life would be over.

Thus, he knew only a drastic countermeasure could save his ass. Since Felix still possessed the temporary immunities, even if he targeted him, nothing would work.

Thus, he decided to abuse his laws and leave the floor altogether by destroying and reconstructing his form somewhere else!

It was like being born from literal scratch, following the exact compounding frequencies that brought him into existence.

It was an ultimatum survival skill and he didn't want to use it unless nothing else was left. After all, he would be chained up again after his form was reconstructed.

But still, it would be better than having his core devoured.

Alas, he was a tad too late...

'Strings Collap...'

"Freeze."

With a single order from Felix, the massive clock's nine hands, which had been ticking for eternity, screeched to a sudden halt. As the hands froze in place, so too did everything within the tower.

"..."

An eerie stillness shrouded the floor.

Uranus was caught mid-motion, becoming a statue of defiance and desperation, his divine weapon engulfed in resplendent divinity froze too.

Even his radiant divinity, which was supposed to defend him from any type of law, wasn't spared.

This alone was shocking, and logic-defying, just like the tower standing up to the universe's order before.

Felix and his clones, scattered around Uranus, stopped as if turned to stone, their faces locked with various expressions.

Not even he was spared from the freezing effect!

Meanwhile, the elemental attacks, techniques, corrupted gears, and even the smallest particles of dust hanging in the air, were all caught in the temporal lock that Felix had imposed.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Yet, the most shocking part was the tenants fell under the same freezing spell, leaving them gazing at the sky with widened pupils, not a single thought in their minds...Lilith and Eris were included too.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This was enough to showcase that it wasn't a normal time-freezing ability.

Any ability that could bypass the absoluteness of divinities or celestial flames was considered at the level of the universe's authority!

In other words, this was the Stone of Reality putting down its foot on this floor's ironclad rules!

However, in the heart of this frozen tableau, a single entity remained unaffected.

An entity with an authority above celestial energy or divinities.

An entity with perfect immunities to all laws and elements.

An entity that was believed to be the lost consciousness of the universe.

It was none other than Asna's core!

With the world around it paused, and everyone's minds halted in place,the core continued its work!!!

Unhindered by the temporal freeze, it kept devouring Uranus' exposed frozen core right before his widened lifeless eyes.

The process was silent but intense, yet no one was watching it...Their eyes were on it, but it meant nothing.

While this strange plan seemed to have worked perfectly, leaving Uranus with zero counter since nothing besides Asna's core could stand against the tower's authority, it posed a good question.

How the f*ck would Felix unfreeze himself again when his thoughts and actions had been paused too?!