Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1785 Can You Handle The Truth? I

1785 Can You Handle The Truth? I

Many years down the line, Felix had completed the final phase of his meticulous preparations.

Over what felt like mere moments but spanned much longer outside this specialized realm, Felix had honed his abilities, fused new powers, created new sin-symbolic techniques, and strategized against the final boss of Echoing Tower's saga.

If it was up to him, he would have spent more time with his preparation. However, he refused to get caught inside the time chambers after the temporal-spatial lockdown expired.

Thus, he stepped outside of the room, his boots echoing softly on the wooden floor of the clockwork tower.

Without turning back, he approached the portal that led to the 19th floor. It was one of the standardized time chambers within the tower, making it nearly impossible to realize its true identity. Yet, the true difficulty lay in activating the exit!

"Based on the map details, the keyword should be this," Felix murmured as he manipulated the clock hands.

He made circles, half circles, and sometimes even double spins. In the end, he affixed the clock hands on very peculiar specific numbers.

The moment he was done, he took a step back and watched the clock hands suddenly spin faster and faster until it created a spacetime deformity on the door!

Whoosh!!

With one last hefty breeze blowing his hair, the entire clock turned into a chaotic spinning white vortex, consuming the entire door.

"Damn, without the map, how can anyone figure out the exit?" Candace felt goosebumps, "Won't they get trapped on this floor for eternity?"

"Without the map, I doubt anyone will make it to this floor alive." Lady Sphinx said calmly.

"The more this map's details turn correct, the more it freaks me out." Lord Loki uttered with a deep frown, "How can it even exist? If even unigins can't write it, then who did it?"

Those questions played in everyone's minds daily as the moment Felix stepped into the tower, they saw more crazy sh*t than their entire lifespan.

From strange powerful creatures to the universe's authority getting challenged.

"We are closer than ever to the truth." Felix narrowed his eyes at the portal, "I just need to handle the last hurdle."

While he called Eris a hurdle, Felix knew she was going to be his biggest challenge besides the three rulers.

Thus, Felix's mind raced through the final checks of his strategy and the potential scenarios he might face.

Taking a deep breath, Felix buried his doubts deep within and then manifested a blood clone linked with him.

He ordered it to enter the portal, believing that Eris must have adjusted the portal's destination to the first floor. Even if it wasn't for him, she needed to do it to facilitate the travel between her and Uranus.

As expected, the moment Felix's blood clone went through it, he emerged on the other side of the 1st floor.

"Woaaah..."

"What is this place? It resembled the ends' world."

"The hell, just like the map said, the environment is constantly changing..."

The tenants were left with widened eyes and jaws on the floor, shocked speechless by the surreal and chaotic scenes before them.

Their reaction was understandable as the 1st floor's environment defied all notions of reality and physics, resembling a glitched-out game.

They were immediately greeted by the sight of a star sliced cleanly in half, yet still burning fiercely, suspended in the sky like a celestial anomaly. Its radiant heat and mysterious light bathed the landscape in a constant, ominous glow.

The flora here was equally bizarre. The trees did not adhere to any known biological principles.

Their trunks were traditional, but instead of leaves, entire branches sprouted from their limbs, each branch ending in clusters of leaves like strange, living fractals.

This botanical oddity gave the forest an unnatural appearance as if the trees themselves were creatures from a dreamer's imagination.

'Is that a sea of liquid fire or am I just tripping?' Thor asked speechlessly as he gazed at a floating sea of liquid fire, defying gravity and reason.

This ocean hung mid-air, its waves moving gently, casting flickering reflections and shadows over the land below. Yet, the craziest was saved for last as the sky was filled with celestial oddities.

Moons and other celestial bodies in shapes unheard of, ranging from triangles, squares, and other polygons, orbiting in the skies.

While the tenants were discussing those abnormalities, Felix's eyes were affixed on one thing and one thing only, the Stone of Reality high above.

Ka-thumb!!

With each thunderous heartbeat, it was releasing that peculiar miasma from its cracks.

"Why do I feel some kind of familiarity with it?"

Felix murmured as he placed a hand over his chest, feeling his heartbeats somehow harmonizing with the beats of the stone of reality.

"What do you mean?"

Lady Sphinx and the others broke out of their daze and focused on Felix.

"I don't know how to explain it." Felix added confusedly, "It's like both my human heart and Asna's core are calling for it?"

This made it more puzzling for the tenants as they kept glancing at each other with weird looks, seemingly trying to make sense of his words.

Before Felix could dive deeper into that sensation, Eris' voice suddenly resounded on the floor.

"Little paragon, come in, I am waiting on the other side. Ah, also, don't worry, there are no traps."

"I will be the judge of that."

Felix's expression turned serious again. He wasn't an idiot to take her words for granted. He pulled back the blood clone and sent it inside one of his perfect clones this time.

He used a wish to check for chaos law abnormalities. When it came back negative, he steeled his heart and entered the 1st floor.

"You must be wondering why are you feeling a familiar kind of energy coming from the stone of reality." Eris' voice kept echoing in the distance.

Instead of responding, Felix used his new mastery of vibrational laws to track the source of the sound.

It took him no time to reach the origin and find out Eris, sitting cross-legged on a white field of roses with a book on her lap.

The moment their senses clashed, Eris raised her head and showed a small smile while extending her hand in front.

"Please, join me."

Felix could detect the sincerity and lack of malice in her voice. As the paragon of sins, no one could have hidden evil intentions before him. Still, just to be cautious, he sent a clone to meet her, not wanting to jeopardize his cores.

After traveling the great expanse of the first floor and seeing all kinds of bizarre anomalies, Felix finally arrived at the white field of roses, fully shielded up.

With the first step, a wave of tiny white insects flew out of the roses and went into the distance, leaving their area utterly barren!

'F*cking hell, this is a field of insects...Be careful.'

Thor and the rest of the tenants buffed a hint of concern as they watched Felix clear out a trail inside the field of roses until he reached Eris.

With no more than ten meters between them, he sat on the ground and bowed his head politely.

"Eris, I am truly done with the games, all my life, people kept hiding truths from me or going out of their way to gaslight me into believing in lies." Felix eyed Eris with a solemn but pleading look, "Whatever happens between us after, I genuinely hope you can tell me the truth and nothing but the full truth."

From the primogenitors, to Asna, and now Lilith. All of them hid or used to hide truths from him for the sake of his protection.

Felix always hated that as he was not a child who couldn't think for himself. In his mind, no matter how shocking was the truth, he could handle it.

He always did and would always do. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Thus, if Eris brought him for a discussion, then he expected her to tell him the full truth without holding back...Otherwise, he might as well not waste his time and start their battle.

Eris could see his true feelings in his eyes, which made her erase the small smile planted on her face.

"I also have no interest in lying to you. Never did, never will. But, can you really handle the truth?"

Eris lifted her head and looked at the beating stone of reality for a moment.

"Yes."

The moment she heard his response,she descended her gaze until it was affixed to Felix's eyes and uttered calmly, "I have yet to figure out the full truth and I doubt if even the three rulers know it."

"But, if there is one thing I am certain about, it is your identity."

"My identity?" Felix knitted his eyebrows in confusion, not expecting her to go this way.

"Yes, for the next things I am about to say to make sense, you have to know about your true identity." Eris focused her eyes at Felix and declared with a monotone tone, "I am 99% certain you are the first and lost consciousness of our universe."

"Huuuh?"