Chapter 1786 Can You Handle The Truth. II

﻿﻿1786 Can You Handle The Truth. II

As Eris's revelation hung in the air, a tangible silence swallowed the area and Felix's consciousness space.

Felix, along with his tenants, stood utterly motionless, their expressions a mix of shock and incredulity.

They had expected many things, but not in their wildest dreams did they expect the truth to be this ludicrous.

The first and lost consciousness of the universe? Felix? A human of a mortal origins? None of them managed to comprehend or accept Eris' insane statement.

"I know you find it hard to believe my words." Eris clarified calmly, unbothered by Felix's stunned silence, "But, this is the truth and there is plenty of evidence to support it."

"Evidence? How could there be evidence? How could I be the consciousness of the universe? Are you mad? I am of human descent, I have a father, a mother, a grandfather, and a family that can be traced back centuries!"

Felix fired a series of questions, trying his best to maintain his composure, but a hint of agitation couldn't escape from his tone.

He ought to feel this way...This wasn't a gender reveal. To find out that you were the consciousness of the universe implied many horrifying and shocking truths.

Felix wasn't ready to face them in the slightest. But, he asked for the truth and Eris had no intentions of letting him backbuddle from it no matter how hard he struggled to accept it.

"I never said that your human origin is false." Eris clarified with a soothing voice, "I said that you are the lost consciousness of the universe. I don't know how exactly it happened, but I believe that your primal version has embedded its consciousness in 'Felix Maxwell' during your birth or even after a couple of years, I can't tell for sure."

'Does she mean like possession?' Candace covered her mouth in disbelief, having trouble keeping up with such insanity.

'Yes.' Lady Sphinx confirmed with a serious tone, 'For the consciousness of the universe, the creator and owner of all matter, it should be quite simple to self-reincarnate choosing any creature he desires.'

'But, what about his memories? I doubt he needs to force himself into forgetting his primal identity?' Thor frowned, 'Even if he did, why? He is already the overlord of the universe, the most omnipotent and holy. Why would he bother to erase his memories?'

'Maybe he did it to experience a mortal life?' Lord Shiva joined, his voice as solemn as ever, 'I know for certain that such an omnipotent being would get bored easily with everything being under his feet.'

'Enough! I am not the f*cking consciousness of the universe!'

Hearing their discussion, Felix couldn't but snap in anger.

Who could blame him? He felt a surreal detachment sweep over him as if he were suddenly a stranger in his mind, confronted with a piece of his identity that was as monumental as it was mystifying.

"Isn't the consciousness of the universe already believed to be Asna? Unlike me, she clears all the check marks for an omnipotent being." Felix retorted with narrowed eyes, "Her core can rival the three rulers pre-awakening. She can control all laws and elements. Most importantly, she went through hell because everyone was certain her awakening would make her gain control over the universe."

Eris showed a wry smile and said, "Little Paragon, I said that you are the first consciousness of the universe. Isn't this enough to imply that another one can emerge?"

"Let's say you are right, how do you explain Asna's soul being perfectly compatible with you? A mere mortal human as you claim?"

Felix's lips parted slightly and murmured, "L...Luck?"

Even while he was saying it, he couldn't believe it himself. This wasn't the first time Felix interrogated this heavenly coincidence.

He understood that two souls could match, but it was a one-in-an-octillion chance, something on the border of impossibility...Even twins possess a unique soul, shared by no one else.

It was like each creature in this universe possessed a unique serial ID or a frequency that belonged to him alone.

For two souls to synchronize to such perfection and without any side effects, was a miracle in writing.

Both Felix and Asna had chunked it to the back of their minds, believing that it was a fated coincidence...Especially, when they were reborn in a different timeline, which was just as shocking.

'Wait, my rebirth!'

The moment Felix recalled his rebirth with Asna, he didn't hesitate to bring it out and expose the truth. He believed it should kill off her claim.

Alas, if only he knew how wrong he was...

"Yes, I admit that our souls matching up perfectly is too farfetched to be a coincidence, but it is still a possibility." Felix held his stance strong, "I am sure, because I died with Asna in my previous life and returned at least twenty years into the past. I can show you if you don't assume me."

Felix extended his hand, ready to show her his memories of what happened in the ruins, uncaring about how humiliating it was.

"No need, I already know," Eris responded calmly.

"You know? How...It happened in my previous life..."

Both Felix and the tenants were shocked by her statement as it maintained many, many shocking implications...Implications involving even them!

"Hmm, I thought you knew? Did that vixen tell you anything at all?" Eris lifted an eyebrow in surprise.

'Cough...'

When Lilith heard her name be brought up, she lowered her sun hat, covering her face, seemingly having no interest in getting involved in this.

"Tell me what?"

Felix felt his heart skip a beat, feeling like another sledgehammer was about to smash his rationality.

"It seems like I have overestimated your knowledge base." Eris pointed a finger at Felix's forehead and manifested a memory orb, "This should show you the whole truth of your 'rebirth' and why I am certain about your true identity being the consciousness of the universe."

Felix watched as the white ord floated slowly in his direction, his heartbeats accelerating, his breaths turning shorter...Yet, his slightly shaking finger reached out to the orb. His desire for the truth far surpassed any other emotion.

The moment his finger touched the orb, a collection of memories invaded his mind.

***

Many Years Ago...

Near the universal heart, the three rulers and Eris sat on their elevated platforms, releasing blinding divine light everywhere.

Below them, a massive spiritual screen displayed Felix's squad, consisting of Jayden, and Kathy, standing before a gigantic Heron Amber gate.

All of them were gazing at the small hole at the bottom of the gate with hints of excitement.

"Is it them?" The second ruler requested with a gentle feminine voice.

"The prophecy hasn't given us names or races, just there will be a pivotal moment happening near Asna's sealing grounds." The first ruler replied calmly, "A pivotal moment that would finally kick off our great escape to the other side."

"I doubt it's them."

The third ruler, Amun-Ra remarked expressionlessly as he watched Felix and the other two crawl inside the small opening with eager expressions, feeling like they had hit the jackpot.

"How can those weakling bugs be associated with the prophecy? The previous explorers had a better chance."

"You can never tell..."

Eris remarked with a hint of interest as she watched Felix baiting his teammates into rushing first toward the white flame suspended on the platform.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Oh, Fresh souls to possess? Not bad."

The moment Asna's angelic voice resounded in their ears, both Kathy and Jayden turned around and attempted to retreat, having a bad feeling that their ending wouldn't be pleasant if they stuck behind.

Phew! Phew!

Alas, in an instant, two colorless flame needles were thrown with the speed of light at their heads. One penetrated Jayden's ear, and the other penetrated Kathy's eye.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!!"

"Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!"

Before Felix's brain could even comprehend what had just happened, he heard two agonizing screams, far surpassing whatever he had heard in his entire life.

The three rulers and Eris watched as Felix'slegs stiffened, not letting him take a single step back.

He just kept watching, scared shitless as Kathy used two fingers to dig deep within her eyeball, trying to get out that needle. Alas, she dug nothing but her eyeball out with her pale hand covered in blood.

"AAAAAAAAAAHH!! PLEASE! MAKE IT STOP!!!"

Yet she didn't seem to mind, as she only kept screaming and begging for the pain to be over.

Sadly, neither her wish was fulfilled, nor anyone came to her rescue. She only left two last whimpers before going silent once and for all.

"Tsk, she couldn't even handle the first stage of possession." Asna stated coldly, "You better not disappoint me as well."

Without a second delay, Felix turned around and lay on the floor, trying to crawl back inside the hole and leave this damned place.

"Ah, bad move." Eris covered her eyes, feeling sympathetic for what was about to happen next.