Chapter 1787 Can You Handle The Truth? III

1787 Can You Handle The Truth? III

As expected...

"Do you think the ones before you didn't use the same strategy as yours?" Asna laughed like a deranged madwoman, "I may not succeed in syncing our souls together, but at least I will add another butt-hole virginity to my collection."

"Thank you for that." She said sincerely.

"You crazy b*tch!"

Scared out of his wits by what he just heard, Felix reflexively tried to turn around and protect his ass. Yet, the hole was too tight to let him make such a large movement.

"Hold on a second!! Let's talk things through!!" He requested with a cracking voice, hoping to buy a couple of seconds to pass through the other side.

Unfortunately, the moment his torso was inside the hole, leaving his lower body outside in the open, he heard Asna say in satisfaction, "Perfection. As all things should be."

"Noooooo!!!" He screamed subconsciously, as he felt that his ass was being targeted by a rapist.

Pheew!!

The needle flew straight to his anus, resembling a dart hitting the bullseye!

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

"MY ASS IS ON FIRE!"

"MY BUTT-HOLE IS BURNING!!!"

"F*CK, MAKE IT STOP PLEASE!!"

"I AM SORRY FOR RUINING YOUR SLEEP! PLEASE LET ME GO!!"

Felix screamed like there was no tomorrow, tears and snot flowing down his face, as he rolled himself out of the cold from the hellish agony of having his ass pierced.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Unbeknownst to him, all of this was being spectated by the strongest beings in the universe...

"As I said, weakling bugs...Hmmm?!" Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Just as the third ruler was about to close the spiritual mirror, his expressionless face finally displayed some emotions at the sight of Asna's soul synchronizing to perfection with Felix's!!

"Impossible!!" Eris was the first to exclaim in shock.

"How uncanny..." The first ruler lifted an eyebrow in surprise, even he was startled by this development.

"Is this the pivotal moment?! It must be?! But how? How can a mere mortal have a perfect synchronization with a celestial?" The second ruler lost some of her composure, "This is more impossible than the universe heat opening on its own!"

Having no clue that their soul synchronization had caused the most knowledgeable beings to lose their poise, Felix and Asna kept fighting over the ownership of the soul.

"Wait, how come Asna is struggling?" Eris' eyes continued widening, "It's a mere human soul!"

The fact that Asna couldn't overpower Felix's control over his soul and possess him instantly made them more befuddled.

They understood that even while Asna was weakened immensely, she should have no problem possessing the soul of a weakling mortal no different than a commoner.

His fate should have been just like Jayden's, Kathy's, or the millions of much more powerful souls than his!

Before they could dive deeper into this discussion, Felix decided to blow his soul!

"THIS IS FOR MY BUTT-HOLE VIRGINITY!" He shouted while his soul barrier began to collapse over the sea of consciousness.

The shocking part was Asna's decision to merge with Felix's soul mid-collapse, knowing that even if she succeeded, she would end up erased with it!

"Do we intervene?" The third ruler asked with a solemn tone.

While the whole situation was confounding and made no sense to them, Amun-Ra didn't want to watch Asna blow her soul up.

She believed that it would give her the eternal peacefulness of death but in reality? Her core would be recreated by the universe's heart again after billions of years.

This process would consume so much celestial energy, that it would dry up their entire kingdom for billions of years to come.

"No, the prophecy has emphasized that we keep our hands to ourselves." The first ruler rejected his suggestion.

"But..."

"The moment we decided to place our full faith in the prophecy, it meant following its instructions to the letter regardless of the outcome." The first ruler doubled down as he glanced at the massive invisible tablet above them.

There weren't any other instructions or predictions of what was going to happen besides trusting the pivotal moment regarding Asna's seal.

However, the outcome, the pitch-black gate at the very top of the tablet remained unchanged, which made them understand that they were on the right path.

Thus, even when they were betting the entire future of the kingdom, the three rulers remained motionless and observed the next scene.

An explosion that had the same power as a nuclear bomb went off in the hall, destroying nothing but Jayden's bones and Kathy's corpse...

The moment this happened, the three rulers picked up on the awakening of a powerful force at the depth of the same galaxy.

When they changed their senses to it, they witnessed Kronos pulling a fragment of what was left off Asna and Felix's souls merged into one.

"Kronos? What is he doing?" The second ruler murmured in confusion.

"Still, no instructions, I guess landing in his hands is a part of the pro...What the hell is he doing!!"

Before the third could finish his sentence, his eyes widened in shock as he observed him throw the wisp into his humongous pitch-black eye.

RUUUMBLE!!!

The instant the wisp went inside his eye, a thunderous clap echoed across the entire universe, resembling the sound of cosmic gears grinding to a halt.

Then, a visible shockwave emanated from Kronos, spreading outwards at an unimaginable speed, reaching every corner of the universe.

As it passed, every star, planet, and creature froze in place!

The entire universe was cast into a suspended temporal state, a still frame captured by none other than the guardian of space and time.

Above this frozen tableau, the three rulers observed the universe pause under Kronos's command with a mixture of emotions.

"This...This...bastard...He dared to abuse his laws and sent Asna into a different frozen timeline!"

The three rulers didn't seem shocked by the sight of the frozen universe, but more by Kronos' decision to make such a command.

They knew that there were infinite frozen timelines in the matter universe with each one affixed at a very specific moment in time...Either in the past, present, or the far future.

The only one with control to switch between those timelines was Uranus and the consciousness of the universe!

As for the reason they weren't affected? They existed in one of the universe's natural dimensional realms and also due to their social status.

Eternal kingdom, void realm, quantum realm, and the spirit realm...Everything in these realms was unaffected by any temporal changes occurring in the matter universe.

Thus, the moment Kronos sent Felix and Asna twenty years into the past, he sent them into a frozen timeline, which was activated from its static state the moment they entered it!

This made it the present universe for everyone while the previous one was sealed shut instead.

Since this was tampering with the universe's balance, even the ones with time immunity in the matter universe had no clue what happened and continued living their lives as normal, not knowing that a parallel version of themselves was frozen in the future in a different timeline!

In simpler terms, everything in the universe was under temporal manipulation besides the unigins and the natural realms, making them the only constant nails in its eternal existence.

Speaking about them, such a drastic change couldn't escape the eyes of the other unigins, making them all converge in the council hall.

"Why did Kronos switch the timelines?! Did something happen?" Artemis inquired with a serious tone.

"Motherf*cker, I just found a new superstar in the SG Platform. Now, I have to wait twenty years until he joins?!" Apollo cried out loud in frustration.

"Don't tell me Kronos has erased his memories again and did this by mistake." Poseidon frowned.

Even Lilith and Lord Hades picked up on the change in the timeline while it felt like nothing happened.

While Lord Hades was clueless and couldn't care less, focusing purely on guarding his spirit realm, a sinister smile broke on Lilith's face as she hid in the darkness of the void.

'The beginning of the end has finally arrived.' She murmured, her eyes displaying a terrifying level of foresight...

While each had their own thoughts about this development, their senses were affixed on Kronos, the source of this upheaval.

When they saw his slumbering body get assaulted by more than ten thousand celestial chains, chills coursed down their spine.

A fitting punishment for such a monumental abuse of laws.

'Why the hell did he do it...'

This thought roamed across their minds, but no one besides Kronos could answer it...