Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1788 Can You Handle The Truth? IV

﻿﻿1788 Can You Handle The Truth? IV

Time passed and life in the matter universe and its neighboring realms continued on without much of a change.

The only ones, who knew about the change in the timeline, were told the whole story about Felix and Asna.

Many of them became interested in their newly merged soul and their mortal journey, including Artemis, Apollo, and Eris...Especially, when they found out that Felix someone had full control over his body and soul instead of Asna!

This revelation had given birth to a whole new discussion...A decision about Felix's true identity as none of them were dumb enough to believe he was a mere mortal.

"After so many theories were debunked, we are left with only one that can explain this insanity," Athena uttered with a solemn tone within the confines of the celestial council.

The three rulers and many other unigins were seen sitting in their respectful chairs, giving their full attention to Athena.

"He must be the lost consciousness of the universe. Nothing else can explain this many 'coincidences."

"The lost consciousness? Let's not get ahead of ourselves and start putting labels." Poseidon shook his head, "Just like there are many details that elude to the mortal being the lost consciousness of the universe, there are also many other points negating it."

"He is right." Aeolus added with a big yawn, "How can the consciousness of the universe associate itself with one of the weakest lifeforms in the universe? Humans die by the tens of millions each day for various reasons."

"Indeed, if it wasn't for Kronos' interference, he would have died right there and then." Hephasutus scoffed, "I refuse to believe that the almighty consciousness of the universe will make such a poor choice and embed itself with a human, knowingly he will lose his memories and omnipotence."

"A dragon would have made more sense, to be honest."

Many unigins found it tough to accept Felix being the consciousness of the universe even when they knew that the universe could possess his body.

In their eyes, it made no sense...It was like choosing an ant as a host instead of a lion and then hoping to survive the brutal life of the jungle.

"I get it, there are too many points that make no sense." Athena defended her dispute strongly, "But, how do you explain all of this? A random human from a race that breeds like insects stumble upon ruins where Asna is sealed. Instead of dying instantly, his soul synchronizes with Asna to perfection, and when they get sent to a parrel version of himself in the past, he is the one in full control of the body."

"This is Asna we are talking about, her core was still with her for god's sake. I doubt even we can put her on the bench if our souls were to match."

She paused after seeing everyone having deep frowns in confusion, seemingly trying their best to make sense of this, but to no avail.

"Admit it, no matter how much you try to avoid it, you always come back to one explanation." Athena uttered, her eyes narrowing in focus, "His consciousness must be a higher grade than Asna's."

In this universe, Asna's consciousness was on equal terms with the three rulers reawakening, which meant only the universe's consciousness could override her authority.

"I am not saying this explanation isn't the most fitting in this narrative. But, we have already scanned his consciousness and soul...They turned out to be plain mortal ones." Zeus addressed with a regal voice, "How do you explain that?"

This was one of the points that killed off Athena's theory. It was very easy to check a soul's grade and identity for beings like them.

They had already done their due diligence while Felix was busy building his hotel in the Sky Pearl Island, having no clue about any of this.

Besides Asna's overbearing weakened consciousness, there wasn't anything unique about it.

"Come on, this is the universe's consciousness we are talking about, I doubt he will have difficulty mimicking a mortal's consciousness to perfection." Athena expressed.

"You are reaching." Poseidon shook his head again, "Based on the same concept, the universe's consciousness shouldn't bother to go through this much length for anything. He already has omnipotence to do as he pleases."

"Why leave the universe without a consciousness to guide it? If he seeks to relieve his boredom, he can keep his main consciousness to rule the universe while sending out wisps to experience mortal life and whatnot."

"Indeed, if I had his omnipotence, I would never let go of it," Hephaestus uttered with a fierce desire.

"I don't know, but I still..."

"You guys are missing a very important key point." Apollo suddenly interrupted Athena while causally playing with the lyre in his lap.

"Apollo, say what you have." Athena gave him an irritated look, but she didn't rebuke him for the disrespectful interruption.

"All of us assume that the universe used to have a consciousness since we were born out of the universe's heart and have gained consciousness and personalities based on our origins." He gazed at them like he was staring at idiots and said, "But, you should never forget that we have no evidence about its existence in the first place. So, all of this bickering and arguments are for naught."

"..."

"..."

"..."

While his presentation was punchable, no one managed to collect a retort. His point was valid as no one really had any concrete evidence for the universe possessing a consciousness.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

They theorized its existence due to its unique birth and the loopholes left in the universe's balancing system, which made it seem like it was following the orders of someone or something.

Plus, it made a ton of sense for the universe to have consciousness when considering that the unigins and even the three rulers could get punished if they abused their powers.

If the three rulers were the apex and supreme entities in the universe, there shouldn't be an instant punishment if they dared to step inside the matter universe.

But still, all of these were mere assumptions based on logical reasoning instead of trusting valid evidence.

Thus, it was indeed foolish to argue about Felix's identity when they never had proof that the universe used to possess consciousness before their birth.

"To me, Asna makes the most sense in being the consciousness of the universe." Apollo shrugged his shoulders at their silence.

"Doesn't this prove that the mortal has a connection to the universe one way or another? Otherwise, how can anything explain what we witnessed?" Athena sighed hopelessly, feeling like they were running in circles.

"Again, I tell you, it's impo..."

"That's enough."

Before Poseidion could attack her point, the first ruler intervened at last. Everyone lifted their heads and gave him their full attention.

"We are clearly lacking some vital information or we are missing something in plain sight." The first ruler said calmly, "Whatever it is, there is no benefit in discussing this anymore."

"Then, what do you suggest?" Hephaustus frowned, "Do we just ignore them and proceed living our lives?"

"Exactly." The first ruler added, "The prophecy tablet's new instructions made it clear we need to keep our distance from them...I faith that the truth will come out on its own."

"Trusting that wicked tablet again?" Poseidon warned with a deep gaze, "I tell you, that tablet is going to be the death of us. I don't know why, but it feels too eerie to follow its instructions."

"Death? Heh, coward much?" Hephaestus sneered, "No one and nothing can kill a unigin when our rebirth is linked to the universe's heart."

"I don't know about the death part, but I am also with Poseidon on this one." Artemis said softly, "After these latest developments, it does kinda feel creepy following its instructions blindly. What if the universe's consciousness created the tablet and used it to help him resurrect himself? Aren't we aiding our slave master reborn?"