Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1789 Can You Handle The Truth? V

﻿﻿1789 Can You Handle The Truth? V

"It's a calculated risk."

The first ruler brushed it off like it was never an issue.The three rulers were not foolish to miss such a hypothesis.

They knew from the beginning that the prophecy tablet could be a trap placed by the universe's consciousness to help him emerge again.

The fact that they couldn't gaze into the future in matters related to the prophecy was another note backing this assumption.

After all, the universe could create a prophecy tablet, but it shouldn't be possible to block peeking into their future.

Such a decision took intelligence and the universe had none at the moment or when the prophecy tablet first appeared.

"A calculated risk, huh?" Poseidon shook his head.

He knew that nothing they said could change the three rulers' attitude. In their eyes, the prophecy tablet was the only way out of their prison. They had already tried every other method to no avail.

This left them with only two choices...Either trust the prophecy tablet or accept their eternal imprisonment.

"Tsk, your concerns have no merit."

Uranus scoffed coldly as he gazed at the screen showing Felix watching alien movies with his grandfather Robert. He was using his idiotic plan to prepare him for the upcoming Alexander Kingdom invasion and avoid having a heart attack.

"Look at him...Look! If this is the universe's consciousness attempt to reborn itself, then it will fall flat face without us doing anything."

"I give him a year. A year and we will find his corpse thrown in some ditch."

"..."

"..."

"..."

The unigins' eyelids twitched, not able to find a retort...Young Felix wasn't making it any easier to place faith in him with his decision-making skills.

"Also, if we considered the rebirth theory as real, this poses a much more serious question." Demeter interjected with a stern tone, "If the universe's consciousness went this far to ensure its rebirth, then, doesn't this mean that its death wasn't voluntary?"

When this notion was brought up, many unigins raised their eyebrows in surprise.

"You mean he was killed? By who? Who is strong enough to kill the most omnipotent being in the universe? The creator of all life and harbinger of death?"

"Maybe someone from the other side?" Zeus narrowed his eyes at the universe's heart, "For all we know, our universe isn't alone. There might be infinite universes and our creator fought against their invasion and died protecting our universe. He locked us up for our safety while he tried to revive himself and claim his throne again."

"If this theory is correct, then, maybe the stone of reality is the real universe's heart." Eris joined in the discussion with a deep response, "We might have failed to bring back the stone of reality, but I have run some studies on it and those cracks on its surface resemble wounds."

"Considering that the universe's authority can be somehow matched by it, then it does seem like a valid theory." Athena held her chin thoughtfully as she gazed at the tiny white dot, "Though, if we considered that the stone of reality is the universe's heart, then what makes this one?"

The unigins were left pondering in silence, feeling somewhat lost with all of those theories thrown in their faces that somehow made sense, but at the same time didn't.

First, Felix was the consciousness of the universe.

Second, the universe's consciousness might be using the tablet to lure them into reviving him.

Third, the stone of reality was the true heart of the universe and was wounded after a battle with the outer gods.

Every theory had its logical merits but at the same time, some facts denied its validity.

"As I said, don't brew your minds over this." The first ruler said calmly, "The truth will come out when the time is right."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Dismissed."

***

Back to the present...

Felix and the tenants were left staring at each other in stunned stupor. The memories orb had ended with the meeting being dismissed.

Most of them felt relieved about it as their minds and hearts couldn't handle everything that was shown...Especially, Felix.

Seeing Felix's unfocused deadpan look, Eris asked calmly, "What do you think?"

Felix broke out of his daze after hearing her voice...He lifted his head and requested with a husky soft voice, "Give me a moment to recollect my thoughts..."

Eris refocused on her book and kept reading it in silence, giving him all the time he needed. She knew that he received multiple shocks from the memories.

Even if Felix had a strong will and could handle many things, it wasn't easy to overlook those truths.

He always assumed that his meeting with Asna was a chance and their rebirth was an unexplainable blessing.

Yet, to find out that he was saved by Kronos and that the three rulers had allowed it to happen for the sake of following a peculiar tablet's instructions didn't sit well with him.

It made him feel like his entire life was a lie and the only reason he was still alive was due to a piece of rock he never knew existed.

The worst part, he knew the memories were real. If they were tampered with, he would have figured it out instantly.

'Felix...'

Candace reached out with her hand, wanting to comfort him. While the tenants were also shocked by the information, none of them were hit as hard as Felix.

'Don't, I am good.'

Felix halted her attempts with a hand while using the other to massage his right temple, relying on his water and ice laws to chill his emotions, countering the rising fierceness of fire laws.

If he hadn't detached himself from the seven sins, he would have already gone berserker.

'Are you sure?' Lady Yggdrasil checked on him with a gentle voice.

'I have gone through worse.' Felix nodded with a forced smile.

'Felix...'

'Sigh...'

When the tenants saw his forced smile, some of them felt their hearts ripping apart in anguish and empathy.

How could they not empathize with him? He had yet to recover from being manipulated by Lilith. While it turned out to his benefit, he never forgave her and would never do so.

Now, he found out that his entire journey was being watched by the three rulers from his previous life and manipulated by a prophecy.

The sense of having a free choice was no longer there.

Felix lifted his head and asked Eris, "I wonder, did the three rulers send me to the spirit realm because of that tablet too?"

"You already know the answer," Eris responded.

Felix showed a bitter smile and kept the rest of the questions to himself. He realized that any move the three rulers had created regarding him must be related to the tablet.

"Don't sell yourself too short." Eris tried to uplift him, "The moment you stepped into the eternal kingdom, nothing was predicted by the tablet besides Asna's core landing in the three rulers' hands eventually."

"This means you have genuinely given them a operate for their money. Be proud of it." She chuckled.

Unfortunately, Felix didn't find it funny as the moment he heard the last part, his expression turned frigid and menacing all of a sudden.

"Asna's core landing in their hands? Over my dead body." He uttered coldly.

While the idea of his entire life being led by a set of instructions created him feel sick to his stomach, he would never allow this prediction to occur.

He had gone through so much bullsh*t to protect Asna's core and rescue her from the three rulers...He denied to fail near the finish line even when all of the tablet's predictions flipped out to be true!

"First, you have to go through me." Eris uttered calmly, "Maybe, I am the one who will be handing her core to them."