Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1790 The Battle of Trust. I

﻿﻿1790 The Battle of Trust. I

"Not in this lifetime." Felix sneered.

"It's best not to underestimate me." Eris smiled as she pushed her glasses up her nose bridge, "I might have chosen your side, but I have no interest in pulling back in our battle. If you can't even afford to defeat me at my peak, you don't deserve to stand before Ares or the three rulers."

"I will make sure you are pleasantly satisfied with my prowess," Felix uttered one word at a time with a suppressed tone.

"I do hope so. I am betting everything in you to show me the full truth." Eris replied solemnly.

Felix recognized the pressing hunger for the truth from her eyes, making him understand at last, how Eris was able to live with her decision to hand off her core.

She couldn't care less about remaining at the top of the pyramid if a chance to find out the truth about the universe presented itself.

"The full truth, does it have relation to me being the consciousness of the universe?" Felix narrowed his eyes, "I have seen the memories. Most of the unigins were rejecting that idea. So, how come are you 99% sure?"

"They were uncertain because you were a human, young, and weak." Eris replied calmly as she sized him up, "Haven't you seen yourself lately? You have ascended five times and can do it two more times, and probably even three times if you find a way to bypass the heart's dilemma."

"You are in control of more than twenty-four laws and I am certain your strength should be closing up on the hundred million mark after all of those ascensions."

"You can control peculiar black celestial flames that no one else could and can even use celestial white flames too."

"You are the closest thing to a celestial in terms of potential and I am certain you will become one with time."Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Celestials can't be grown, but only birthed. This means you were born with the potential to become one."

"So, tell me, do you still believe yourself to be of a mere mortal birth?" Eris shook her head, "If you were, you wouldn't have made it this far."

With all of those things brought up and highlighted, there was no way for Felix or the tenants to lie to themselves anymore.

Whether Felix was the universe's consciousness might be debatable, but it would be foolish to deny it completely.

'I am afraid to say that she has a point.' Lord Marduk remarked, 'I may not have joined you from the very start of your journey and can't comment on all of your struggles, however, the fact you have climbed this far is beyond a miracle.'

'It's true.' Lord Loki supported, 'Even if we put another mortal in your position and he went through your struggles, he won't make it this far. He has to have the secret sauce, and I am certain it has relations to celestials.'

In other words, no one disparaged Felix's achievements or the insanely hard work he put into his journey to climb this far. However, if it wasn't for the many unexplainable phenomena related to him, he would have failed a long time ago.

The best example was the celestial white/black flames. If he wasn't able to control them he would have never beaten Hephasutus or emerged alive from the spirit realm.

If it wasn't for Asna merging with his soul, he wouldn't have had the potential to become a primogenitor or a unigin.

The list goes on about many cheats at his disposal concerning celestial matters.

This made Felix understand that no matter how hard he tried to reject or close an eye on the truth, he was associated with the celestials one way or another.

Before he could open his mouth and bring out this matter, Eris shared with a knowing look, "You are thinking that you can be a celestial like the three rulers instead of the consciousness of the universe."

Felix nodded in silence.

There was a huge difference between a celestial and the consciousness of the universe. Even Asna was still considered a mere celestial pre-awakening.

No one knew for sure if she would turn into the consciousness of the universe after awakening or just a more powerful celestial.

"This is what the majority of the unigins and probably even the three rulers believe too." Eris remarked calmly, "But not me...I have been working tirelessly to find out the truth while they were waiting for it to show up on its own."

"After I have seen your reaction to the stone of reality, I am more positive than ever about my theory."

"What is it?" Felix narrowed his eyes.

Instead of answering, Eris closed up her book and uttered with a faint smile, "There is no point in telling you if you lose before me since it will invalidate it."

Eris stood up slowly, her entire demeanor and aura changed to a murderous executioner. Then, she said, "If you want to know, prove me right."

"I guess you're right, nothing will matter if I die under your hands."

Felix stood up as well...He had heard and seen more than enough to make him understand that his true identity was an enigma for even the three rulers.

If he wanted to know more and actually find proof for all of those speculations, there was only one path...Forward.

"How do you desire to play this?" Felix inquired indifferently, "All out with laws abuse or not."

"Do as you observe fit," Eris replied calmly.

"Say less."

Without further ado, Felix canceled his clone and switched his focus to his main body. He was still standing in front of the gate, having no interest in throwing a lowball at Eris by ambushing her.

She created it clear that she still didn't trust his capabilities to take down the three rulers and assist her discover the truth. He would prove her correct if he failed to take her down without sneak attacks.

"You got this," Thor assured him with a stern tone.

The rest of the tenants provided encouraging remarks as well as they watched him take a deep breath, focusing his powers to make a crucial wish.

"I wish for immunity from the bindings of chaos and order, just for five seconds."

The air around him glistened as his wish took hold, creating an invisible skin-tight protective bubble that nullified the chaotic fluctuations and ordered patterns affecting the area.

'Felix, we have no more void creatures to sacrifice for wishes.'

Candace warned him after switching focus to her main consciousness, finding out that their entire armies were devoured.

'I understand.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, 'Five seconds is enough to decide the victor.'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix extended his palm forward and commanded, "Manifest, The All-Devouring Gravitational Puppet!"

A new massive black sigil manifested high above with many intricate and complex inscriptions on it.

From the heart of the sigil, a gigantic puppet emerged! It had elongated limbs and a hauntingly empty face, except for the gaping maw at its center. At the depth of this maw, a small black hole formed, stirring ominously!

This was the same puppet Felix had used before to store the soul explosion energy of Zeus and Poseidon before releasing it at the eternal kingdom.

The only difference was the addition of the small black hole as Felix had used Uranus' gravity laws to merge with the puppet, giving birth to a new more powerful monstrosity!

As soon as it fully materialized, the puppet extended its arms, reaching toward the celestial anomalies and the chaotic landscape around it.

The black hole in its stomach acted as a singularity of insatiable hunger, beginning to pull at the very fabric of the floor's reality, causing the floating sea of liquid fire to distort, stretching towards the puppet as if drawn by an invisible thread!

Even the split star began to crumble at its edges, failing to fight against the powerful pull inside the puppet's stomach!

The bizarre, non-spherical celestial bodies were not spared either, drifting closer, their orbits decaying under the unyielding pull of the black hole!

"It's not budging, no wonder the upper unigins failed to retrieve it," Felix murmured as he watched the stone of reality remain affixed in its position even under the constant pull of a technique capable of devouring soul explosions in an instant!

"Whatever, I will deal with it later."

Soon, Felix switched his focus back to the emptied massive area of the floor, leaving nothing behind but a piece of void and the stone of reality!

"Now, there are no more chaotic elements to be used against me and I have devoured all types of energies on the floor." Felix narrowed his eyes coldly as he gazed at the slowly floating Eris in his direction.

When Eris observed what he did, she didn't seem bothered or fazed. She kept moving forward until a decent distance was between them.

Then, she opened her book and uttered calmly, "By the Laws of Order, restore the floor back to its original condition."