Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1791 The Battle of Trust. II

﻿﻿1791 The Battle of Trust. II

The moment her declaration resounded with the authority of the cosmos, the puppet began to shudder, its form contorting unnaturally as if struggling against the very nature of its creation!

Then, before anyone could react, the puppet started to hurl everything it had consumed without Felix's orders!

The chaotic elements it had absorbed were forcefully expelled and launched back onto the floor!

"Stop!"

Felix attempted to countermand with his own commands, trying desperately to regain control, but Eris's commands overpowered his, her authority was absolute!

This was the true terror of the laws of order. It represented the order of the universe, which had control and balance over all of its laws!

In other words, its authority supersedes all of the other laws, regardless of their owners!

'As expected, it isn't going to be easy.'

Still, Felix wasn't disappointed as he had already anticipated this much.

Recognizing Eris's superior control, Felix quickly moved to plan B of his strategy.

"Implode!"

He ordered the puppet, directing it to self-destruct near Eris in a last-ditch effort to disrupt her composure.

This time, the puppet listened to Felix's command since it had no relation to the laws of order.

Eris could affect anything that disturbed the order of matter, but she could not use it to gain control over other unigins powers whenever she desired.

Realizing that the explosion was inevitable, Eris didn't bother to stop it. She waved her hand and shielded herself with a barrier empowered with radiant/resplendent divinity!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!

However, as soon as the implosion occurred, Felix didn't wait for it to fail at dealing any damage to Eris.

He raised his hands, summoning one of his latest most powerful sin-symbolic techniques.

A massive dark colorful Sigil manifested right in the center of the explosion. It had more complicated inscriptions than the All-Devouring Gravitional Puppet!

The moment Eris read the writings on the sigil, she instantly figured out what kind of laws were mixed in to create it.

'Gluttony, Radiation, Plasma, Anti-Matter, and void laws.' She raised an eyebrow in surprise, 'What kind of technique is this?'

She was soon about to find out as the boar at the center of the sigil opened its mouth wide and began to suck in the explosion's energy like there was no tomorrow!

In almost no time, the entire released energy was absorbed before it could even reach Eris or Felix!

Without any delay, Felix aimed the sin-symbolic sigil at Eris and shouted, "Death Ray!"

An ominous terrifying dark ray with a colorful hue burst forth from the sigil with an uncanny speed!

As it streaked across the battlefield, it cut through anything before it like a blade, its path illuminated by a creepy, sinister trail!

Eris seemed unfazed as she observed the approaching demise with an unreadable expression. However, even she realized that her powerful barrier would struggle immensely against its destructiveness!

It would stop because it was empowered with divinities, but it would require a massive quantity to achieve it!

Still, instead of avoiding it, she decided to take it on by invoking another ability.

"Chaotic Reversal."

With a graceful motion, she manifested a translucent chaotic mirror in front of the Death Ray.

The instant it went through it, The Death Ray halted abruptly and twisted at a ninety-degree angle, redirecting towards the Stone of Reality positioned above them!

Before Felix could react to her impeccably laid free counter, the redirected Death Ray collided with the Stone of Reality.

The ancient stone convulsed violently under the assault but suffered from absolutely no damage whatsoever.

However, it did not welcome the thought of being touched in the slightest. Instantly, its surface began to react, widening the pre-existing cracks.

Then, it released a thick miasma like a flood breaking through a dam!

The atmosphere around the stone thickened as the miasma spilled into the environment, rushing everywhere!

The moment it gripped the residual energy from the Death Ray, it triggered a series of surreal transformations within the miasma itself!

What began as a formless fog soon morphed into bizarre, illogical objects and phenomena!

Skyscrapers, towering and architecturally impossible, commenced to rise from the miasma, their structures twisted and looping in ways that defied physical laws.

Broken stars materialized next, their cores still burning with a cold fire. There was even the emergence of black holes!

Instead of sucking in the matter, it expelled the miasma at unprecedented speed, helping it cover more ground!

"I advise you not to come into contact with the miasma," Eris warned in good faith as she pulled away from the peculiar mist.

It was clear that the miasma could alter the reality of anything interacting with it.

Since the stone of reality's authority was higher than unigins, if it gripped them, their fate would not be pleasant in the slightest!

"Worry about yourself."

Not needing a warning, Felix chased after her with his phasing ability, not wanting to waste the duration of his immunities.

Seeing that she was being chased, Eris turned around and waved her hand gracefully, releasing a chaotic wave in his direction.

Felix charged through it with narrowed eyes, his immunites helping him remain unharmed.

"Immunities, huh?" Eris replied calmly, "How many seconds do you have left?"

"Enough."

Before Felix's voice could reach her ears, he manifested next to her and tried to pierce her with an invisible vibrational sword!

It might not seem like much, but this sword had its frequency tuned to disturb any frequency it gripped at the lowest level possible!

One could say it was a downgraded version of Matter Execution!

With an unbothered expression, Eris allowed the sword to pierce through her chest.

Before Felix could celebrate, Eris gazed at him straight in the eyes and shared indifferently, "It's good that you haven't used Matter Execution. Such attacks are useless against me."

Felix's expression turned for the worse after realizing that his sword failed to disturb her frequency...No matter how hard he tried, her frequency was like a solid wall!

"Have you ever wondered why Uranus doesn't dare to fight me? Most vibrational attacks rely on disturbing the order of matter, atmosphere, or even the strings."

"But, how can you disturb the embodiment of order?" She uttered coldly as she tapped into her chaotic laws and caught the vibrational sword with her own bare hand!!!

Before Felix could react or release the sword, Eris snapped her finger and expanded an invisible sphere from her book around them!

'Sh*t!'

The moment Felix sensed its existence, he tried to run away by phasing out. However, he found out to be under the same experience he put Uranus!

The sphere was disturbing the frequencies around him, making it impossible to match his frequency with another plane!

Since it was affecting the frequencies in the area and not him, his immunities were useless against it. But, unlike Uranus, he had other options.

"God's Speed!"

His entire body was suddenly set ablaze in energized golden lightning for a nanosecond and then, he turned into a lightning bolt and bounced away!

Eris didn't try to give a chase, knowing that he was the one strapped for time. The moment his immunities expire, the real fun would begin for her.

Felix knew that it would get x10 more difficult to handle her without his immunities. After all, upper celestial unigins were never meant to kill each other.

His success with Uranus relied on the tower's authority to make it happen and he could not repeat the same dance here.

As for having Asna's core devour hers?

The moment Asna's core would try to pull her core out, Eris would easily snap the connection with her twisted laws.

He needed a good setting to ensure that wouldn't happen, but he knew it would be impossible to achieve it without abusing his laws.

'No, I refuse.' Felix hardened his expression, 'Abusing my laws is the last option.'

Felix didn't want to rely on abusing his laws after every inconvenience. After all, the three rulers' strength was too overwhelming without them needing to abuse their celestial powers.

How could he take the three of them while chained up?

'I understand Eris' test now.' Elder Kraken remarked with a solemn tone, 'She is playing it slow, wanting to see what can Felix do without abusing his laws.'

'Indeed.'

'It's not looking well.' Thor frowned, 'He has prepared many strategies, but her laws are just too overwhelming at breaking them down.'

'This is enough to tell you that quantity isn't always best with laws. Chaos breaks things apart while order restores them. With her authority superseding over unigins', those two qualities are enough to deal with any threat.'

Lady Sphinx commentated as she watched Felix split into seven versions of himself, speeding across the entire floor, and assaulting her from every possible direction.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

However, regardless of what attack he used, and what law he tapped into, nothing was good enough to touch or make her even flinch.

'She is genuinely league apart from other unigins.' Candace murmured with a tint of awe.

'If she is this omnipotent, how frightening is Ares?' Thor gulped audibly.