Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1792 The Battle of Trust. III

﻿﻿1792 The Battle of Trust. III

"Time is ticking..."

Eris waved her finger left and right as she watched Felix's seven clones inhaling roughly.

They surrounded her from seven sides and each one had a few sigils and symbols above their heads. Yet, none of them proved to be useful against her.

That's because she had utilized a new defensive technique called the Law of Retribution. This created a zone where a strict set of rules were imposed, ensuring that any attack would have a proper countermeasure.

With the addition of the Order Cancelation technique and divinities, it was nearly impossible to penetrate through her defenses!

'If you want to win, you know exactly what to do.' Lilith reminded with a faint playful smirk.

'No, it might end horribly for both of us.' Felix knitted his eyebrows in disapproval after being reminded of another option he had left.

An option with no relation to law abuse, but it was just as deadly.

'I have taught you how to enter and leave it.' Lilith encouraged him with a seductive voice, 'If you don't go for it, you might as well abuse your laws right now.'

'I can't believe I am agreeing with her, but she is right.' Jörmungandr advised with a stern tone, 'You don't have time to think about a new strategy. Also, you barely have enough celestial energy for a single attack.'

Felix remained silent, his seven brains working overtime to find a new path, an opening in her defenses, but no matter how hard he tried or what combination of laws he used, nothing came back positive.

Without abusing his laws, Eris was simply untouchable...Unless.

'She is currently untouchable because she is tapping into her order embodiment, giving her the authority to supersede all laws.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, 'Unless I did the same, I can't contest against her without abusing my laws.'

'Damn it, I hate when that witch is right.'

Felix's expression turned for the worse after realizing that Lilith had taught him the next stage of sins' control to witness him using it against Eris.

'If it's the only way to victory, so be it.'

***

Many years ago, within the void inside the Echoing Tower...

"We have come up with a good plan to deal with either Uranus or Eris inside the 20th floor. But, after taking one of them down, what am I supposed to do against the other?"

Felix had a deep frown as he sat at the central table with his council. He understood that the 20th floor was going to do the bulk of the fight for him due to the stone of reality's absolute authority.

But, he wouldn't have the same advantage when dealing with the remaining unigin...Whether it was Eris or Uranus, none of them would be easy to take down on other floors.

"How about you use your evil energy again to gain control over the stone of reality?" Fenrir suggested with a cold face, "If you succeeded, the entire tower would be under your authority."

Instead of answering him, Felix and the others turned to Lilith, who was sunbathing in her usual spot.

"Don't waste your time, I tried it and failed." Lilith anwsered lazily.

"As expected." Felix wasn't too surprised.

He knew that if evil energy had such an authority to overtake the stone of reality, Lilith would have already used it against Asna's core.

Such celestial treasures were immune to evil energy since it was merely the personification of Lilith's wickedness born into energy.

This was Felix's theory about its origin.

Just like she was able to detach her sins' embodiments, she could detach her evilness and turn it into energy. The only reason he could control his evilness was probably due to this separation.

After all, evil entities knew nothing about boundaries and had no issues with massacring the entire universe just for their own amusement. But, Felix never had such a thought.

"Well, I really don't see a way for you to succeed in trapping one of them on the other floors unless you abused your laws." Elder Kraken shook his head, "Even then, it's doubtful if it will work when they can also abuse their laws."

This was the dilemma Felix was facing. He knew it was a big risk to abuse his laws. After all, if he failed, he would be chained up on the first floor.

While he could establish the connection to the 20th floor easily with a wish through manipulating the fluctuations of the first floor's portal, it was still a massive risk.

"Ahh, dealing with upper celestial unigins is too complicated." Candace sighed in frustration.

The rest of the tenants fell in deep silence, each one putting their minds into brewing the best possible strategy to help Felix.

At least fifteen brains were functioning on this and yet, no one managed to devise a decent plan that didn't involve abusing the laws.

When Lilith saw how everyone was left stumped for answers, a faint smirk emerged on her lustrous violet lips.

"You know, there is another stage unexplored to being a unigin." Lilith broke the silence, her voice was neutral, but had a hidden tint of seduction in it.

Felix spotted it immediately, which made him alert. He contracted his eyes and asked, "What do you mean? How can there be another level? If there was, I should have seen it by now."

Indeed, Felix had fought quite a few unigins and he had yet to notice any of them use something he hadn't anticipated.

"That's because not every unigin can tap into it."

Lilith removed her sunglasses and manifested next to them with one leg above the other. Then she continued, "Only I, Eris, Ares, Hades, and Kronos can use it."

"Wait, not even Uranus has it?" Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Just because a unigin is part of the upper celestial council doesn't mean we share the same strengths." She replied.

Felix nodded, understanding that each upper celestial unigins had their own peculiar powers and weaknesses.

"What is it then?"

"We call it a level-up, but in reality, it is a specific power-up for a price." Lilith showed a faint sinister smile and said, "Why do think I am feared across all realms and have even made the three rulers suffer a bit?"

Most of the tenants leaned closer, their heartbeats accelerating at the realization that Lilith was finally about to spill the tea about the true strength of the paragon of sins.

When they heard about Lilith almost ruining the three rulers' plans, which forced them to banish her outside of the kingdom, they assumed that her strength should be over the top.

But after Felix became the paragon of sins, he was struggling to deal with each unigin and that's when he had the help of other laws and new powerful techniques.

So, this made them always wonder if Felix was just bad at being the paragon of sins or if this was the limitation of the seven sins laws and Lilith had just gotten lucky.

"First, you have to understand something." Lilith entered her lecture mode, "Unigins are the embodiment of the universe's laws. In other words, having control over a law implies tapping into the universe's authority."

"Yes, I already know this."

"Then, do you know this?" Lilith showed a devious smile as she hurled a bombshell at them, "The seven sins are not mere laws representing the seven sins of living forms, but the seven desires of the universe itself?"

"Huh?"

"You joking right?"

"The universe's desires? It can't be!"

It would be a downplay to describe Felix and the tenants' reaction as a mere shock. They were legit at a loss for words, thinking that she was messing with them.

Who could blame them? The general consensus was that the seven sins were laws based on living creatures and their desires instead of the universe itself!

"All laws are based on the universe itself without exception." Lilith remarked with a faint smirk, "Being the paragon of sins implies you are the embodiment of the universe's seven desires and its evil side. What does this tell you?"

"It can't be..."

Felix's eyes began widening slowly as he realized the significance of his next stage up.