Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1793 The Battle For Trust. IV

﻿﻿1793 The Battle For Trust. IV

"It is." Lilith chuckled, "As the universe's embodiment of its seven desires, you can supersede the authority of all laws since nothing could win against the corrupting desire of sins."

Hearing her confirmation of his assumption, Felix's heartbeats accelerated to the limit in agitation.

He understood that the universe operated under a complex system of laws, gravity, time, space, all types of energies, and whatnot.

But what are these laws, if not manifestations of balance and order? And what was sin, if not the natural counter to such order?

When Lilith saw that a few were still not caught up, she clarified with a faint smile, "The seven sins, Pride, Envy, Wrath, Sloth, Greed, Gluttony, and Lust, each challenge the universe's balance in unique ways. Pride defies submission, Envy disrupts contentment, Wrath counters peace, and so forth."

The tenants nodded slowly, their minds racing as they connected the dots Lilith laid out before them.

"By fully embracing these sins, by becoming their embodiment, you don't just wield their individual powers," Lilith explained with a growing zeal. "You embody the antithesis to the cosmic order. You become a being that can not only challenge but potentially override the fundamental laws that bind all things!"

Felix felt a surge of exhilaration, realizing that he was indeed not tapping into the full potential of his seven sins laws.

"The Symbols and sin-symbolic techniques are mere tools to tap into the universe's authority at a limited capacity, such as the equal trade symbol." Lady Sphinx added her own understanding on the matter with an intrigued voice, "What Lilith suggested, is for you to become the true embodiment of those sins, embracing their gifts and faults."

"You mean if he became their embodiments, he wouldn't even need symbols or techniques to activate his powers? Doesn't this mean he will remove the limitations on his laws?!" Candace covered her mouth in shock at such an insane power-up.

When it was put like this, most of the tenants had the same reaction, realizing the real reason for the universe putting limitations on some unigins.

Lilith had to use the symbols to activate her powers.

Eris had to use the Tome of Order and Chaos.

Hades, Kronos, and Ares were unknown, but for them to be able to tap into this level up as well implied that they had their limitations too.

"Those limitations were imposed to give us the ability to use our laws but at the same time maintain our freedom of thought. The price was lowering the full extent of our reach with our laws due to how overwhelming and authoritative they were." Lilith continued, "Without those limitations, we will become the final form of our laws personality/power wise."

"No wonder the universe hasn't placed any other limitations on the rest of the unigins. Even if they became their laws' true embodiment, nothing much would change, since the upper celestials would override their laws' authority." Elder Kraken said.

Even Uranus wouldn't be able to stand up against Lilith, Eris, Ares, Kronos, and Hades if they were to embody their laws to their full extent like him truly.

It wasn't anything about the unigin, but the laws themselves.

"Wait a second, if all laws are embodiments of the universe, does this mean Hades is the universe's soul or consciousness?" Felix suddenly frowned after spotting a hole in her narrative.

In his eyes, if Hades was the embodiment of the universe's consciousness, he could override all other law embodiments if he wasn't punished with chains.

"Well, he is believed to be either the embodiment of the universe's soul vessel or at least its spiritual control over the spiritual matters in its realm. But, he isn't its consciousness itself." Lilith remarked calmly, "That's something entirely different."

"I see." Felix nodded in understanding.

He already knew that souls weren't the same as consciousness. Souls were shaped as spherical vessels with the consciousness lake within them.

The consciousness lake, ocean, or whatnot, was the true consciousness of the living creatures.

That's why it was possible to possess someone by getting rid of his consciousness and keeping his soul intact as long as there was perfect synchronization.

Thus, it made the majority sense for Hades to be either the embodiment of the universe's soul vessel or its spiritual control instead of being its consciousness.

"If there is a soul vessel, doesn't this mean that the universe does indeed possess a consciousness?" Lord Loki raised an eyebrow in surprise, feeling like this was enough for confirmation of this theory.

"Everyone believes this, but it won't be fully confirmed unless the universe's consciousness appears for real." Lilith anwsered.

In other words, it was merely another lead that supported their theory. The only way to truly confirm it was if either Asna became the universe's consciousness after awakening or the universe manifested its own consciousness somehow.

"Back to the main point, to supersede the laws of the universe, you must not just use the sins. You must integrate them, let them transform you, and through you, reshape the universe on your desires." Lilith coughed softly, "There is a catch though."F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Lay it on me."

Felix narrowed his eyes, knowing that such a power-up could never come without a massive cost. Otherwise, Lilith would have told him about it a long time ago and not waited until he was desperate for solutions.

"Once you enter the True Embodiment State, it will be extremely difficult to pull yourself from it. In the worst-case scenario, the new embodiment would be your personality forever and you would lose your free will to act outside the boundaries of the chosen law embodiment."

She said in one breath, softening her voice as much as possible to dilute such an outlandish side effect.

The tenants' expressions had already turned bad, realizing the dangers of such power up being worse than the celestial chains!

"What is this crap? Absolutely not, you must not go for this!" Cyclope warned with a solemn tone, "It's more or less a death sentence to your life if you enter the True Embodiment State using those wicked laws."

"He is right." Lady Sphinx supported, "Abusing your laws could come at a physical cost, but at least, you maintain control."

"What are you trying to pull here, you witch?" Thor narrowed his eyes coldly at Lilith.

"I am not trying to pull anything." Lilith shrugged her shoulders, "You wanted a new way to deal with your enemies and I told you about it."

"This is not a new method, it's a death sentence."

No one approved it. It was an understandable stance considering that Felix might never be the same again, taking after a personality based on a sin.

Whether it was pride, greed, gluttony, sloth, lust, envy, or wrath, all of those identities would have major defects to them since they were based on sins.

"Wait, let's hear her out." Felix halted their protest with one hand and asked calmly, "What's the way to cope with the aftermath?"

Since Lilith had made it clear she entered that state to cope with the three rulers and managed to pull out of it, there must be a way to avoid being stuck in that state forever.

"It's simple, but not easy." Lilith switched to a more serious tone and disclosed, "The only way out of that state is to fight for control by using a wisp unaffected by the true embodiment state."

"If you succeeded, you will regain your free will, but if you failed, well, I don't really need to tell you the outcome."