Chapter 1794 The Battle of Trust. V

﻿﻿1794 The Battle of Trust. V

Back to the present...

'If it's the only way to victory, so be it.' Felix narrowed his eyes coldly, 'I will be forced to tap into this state sooner or later, might as well risk it here and now.'

When Felix and the tenants were told about the True Embodiment State, it made them understand that it was an extremely dangerous procedure that might ruin Felix's life forever.

However, Felix was still going for it if it meant avoiding law abuse. In his eyes, he must master this state before meeting with the three rulers. Otherwise, he would always be a mere unigin before a true celestial.

The only reason he hesitated before to go for it was due to his friends, masters, and the tenants. He understood that even in his True Embodiment State, he would seek to eliminate the three rulers and rescue Asna.

But, it would not end well for the tenants as the moment one of them said the wrong thing or weirdly looked at him, it would be their end.

He would have no control over it.

'Go for it and don't look back.' Thor smiled, 'Whatever happens, happens.'

'Haha, we are here for the journey not to hold you back. I don't care what happens to me as long as the three rulers and their lackeys' can suffer once in their lifetime.'

Ancestral Dragon Imyr laughed boastfully while joining them from a spiritual mirror connected with Felix's wisp in the ancestral sacred grounds.

'It would be a shame if we missed witnessing the end of your journey, the climax of this epic adventure, and learning the truths about the secrets of the universe. However, it would be even more detestable to be the ones holding you back from reaching your full potential.' Jörmungandr said with a strict tone, 'We have shared all our knowledge with you, and we consider our purpose fulfilled...Do not dwell on the past and go for it.'

Whether it was his masters or the other tenants, all of them supported Felix with their whole hearts and life if it had to be.

Thus, regardless of what happened to them after Felix's transformation, none of them would have any regrets. In their eyes, it was already a blessing to be part of this miraculous adventure.

Hearing their encouragement, a faint appreciative smile broke on Felix's face. No more words were needed as he straightaway committed to his decision.

He narrowed his eyes at Eris and snapped his finger, making his clones merge back into one.When Eris saw this, she couldn't help but show a little knowing smile.

"About time." She said calmly, "I was waiting for you to grow the courage to do it."

"I was wavering, confused, wanting to have it all, but no more."

The moment he finished, Felix closed his eyes, reaching for the detached sin of pride in his lion dragonic tail.

With a deliberate intention, he called to it, summoning it forth with great desire.

The sin pride responded, causing a surge of overwhelming energy to rush and fill every crevice of his being, eager to reclaim its rightful place within him.

As the sin of Pride reattached itself, Felix no longer fought against the overwhelming feeling of pride and arrogance attempting to take over his entity.

Instead, he encouraged it, helped it, and allowed it to consume his mind and body, not permitting him to have a single thought unrelated to his pride.

This launched a magnificent transformation!

Felix's wavy long hair, once a crimson red, gleamed and lightened into a brilliant golden hue, reflecting his newfound majesty.

His eyes followed, turning a piercing shade of gold that seemed to glow with their own inner light.

His entire demeanor shifted, his posture straightened, his shoulders squared, and his expression hardened into one of regal authority.

This majestic transformation did not stop there!

An undeniable aura of supremacy radiated from him, a compelling force of will that commanded recognition and obedience by anyone, anything, and all!

Whoosh!!!

This aura suddenly exploded outward, touching everything in its vicinity. It whispered of absolute power, of the sovereign right to command not just armies or nations, but the very laws of existence!

When Felix opened his eyes, they were the eyes of a Monarch. It wasn't of a mere mortal or even a unigin, but of the universe itself.

His regal gaze swept across the 1st floor, causing every creature, celestial object, energy, or even law to feel the irresistible authority of his presence.

It was as if all life and even death itself should bow before him, and acknowledge his supremacy!

When Felix's golden eyes locked onto the Stone of Reality, the celestial objects, and other levitating forms scattered across the 1st floor, he declared expressionlessly, "Let there be no doubt, nothing shall rise above me."

The moment the words left his lips, they were not merely spoken, they were a mandate from a sovereign to his subjects, a creator to his creation, a god to his worshippers!

From Felix, a powerful golden shockwave erupted, flowing upwards with irresistible force, striking the floating celestial bodies and entities, convulsing under the impact!

Rumble!! Rumble!! Thud!!...

One by one, they began to lose their buoyancy, falling from the sky like dead flies, unable to resist the pull of Felix's overwhelming command!

Whether it was stars, blockholes, moons, planets, floating oceans, or buildings, everything that was a mere inch above his head, fell into the void under him!

The surprising part? Even the stone of reality listened to the command, not resisting it even once!

KA-THUMB!! KA-THUB!!...

It thumped violently before being plucked from its position by the sheer force of Felix's command. Then, it tumbled end over end while releasing massive quantities of miasma.

As it was falling in the background behind him,Felix lowered his head slowly.

"..."

"..."

"..."

This entire scene abandoned the tenants stunned and in disbelief, their eyes broadened to the boundary as they gazed at the whole sky of the 1st floor being cleared up, leaving only Eris and Felix standing face to face.

Just as Candace was about to make a dazed comment, Lady Sphinx placed her hand on her mouth, silencing her instantly.

Candace felt chills course down her spine after realizing that she almost killed herself.

While Felix looked the same appearance-wise besides the change of eyes/hair color, she knew that the moment any one of them spoke without permission could up executed!

Before the regalness of the universe's pride, one could only lower his head and remain quiet to ensure their safety.

Thus, the tenants kept their thoughts to themselves and gazed at Felix focusing back on Eris with an indifferent expression.

He neither spoke nor did anything...He just kept staring at her with a deadpan gaze for less than two seconds, each second accompanied by a thundering heartbeat of the stone of reality.

The moment the stone of reality quietened down, Felix cracked his stiffened neck and spoke nonchalantly, "As an apology for using immunities, you are allowed to make the first move."F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"How polite, I guess I will take you in your favor." Eris grinned as she opened her tome, "By the way, I have been anticipating for you."

"Of course you were, who doesn't?" Felix replied expressionlessly.