Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1795 The Battle of Trust. VI

﻿﻿1795 The Battle of Trust. VI

Eris chuckled at his comment momentarily before her entire demeanor instantly turned frigid.

With a subtle motion of her hands, she cast a new technique called Pattern Recognition on Felix, causing unseen forces to tug at his movements and guiding him into committing to the highly predictable and familiar sequence of attacks.

It was a clever manipulation, using Felix's own combat strategies against him by forcing him into a repetitive loop of actions that she could easily anticipate and counter.

That's exactly what occurred as the moment Felix launched his new assault, Eris predicted his emerging openings and tried to take advantage of them.

She had already prepared a spear of chaos that would transform matter randomly and hurled it at the exact location, where Felix would appear next!

However, Felix's expression remained cool and unreadable, his golden eyes still locked onto hers.

"You genuinely think you can order me around? Me?"

Felix's voice cut through the tension, his tone laced with a cold amusement.

Before Eris could respond, Felix raised his hand smoothly and commanded with chilling authority, "Halt."

Instantly, his body stopped all motion, freezing in place and breaking the cycle Eris had crafted, causing the spear of chaos to miss him by a wide margin!

"I am the embodiment of pride." Felix uttered indifferently, "Nothing can order me around and no one can reject my orders."

With that bold statement, Felix pointed his finger at Eris and ordered coldly, "Kneel and accept your defeat."

His command rang with a visible golden imperial pulse rushing towards Eris, forcing her into evading it at all costs.

She understood that if she was touched by it, her pride would be consumed instantly, forcing her to abide by his orders.

Seeing that she was putting distance between them, Felix didn't bother to chase after her. He remained in his spot and uttered calmly, "I thought this was supposed to be a test of trust. Are you going to make it interesting or keep running away?"

Eris ignored his taunt and flipped a page from her tome, placing down her reality-bending dimensional cube in his location!

She knew that Felix would be too proud to move and avoid it.

As expected, Felix sensed the creation of the dimensional prison around him and yet, he kept gazing at it indifferently.

The moment it was created, Eris joined inside with him and closed her book. Then, she stared into his eyes and said calmly, "This is why Pride is a sin. Too much will cause your downfall."

The tenants' expressions turned for the worst at this development, never expecting that Felix would allow himself to get caught just because it was beneath him to dodge!

Now, he was trapped with Eris in her own world, her own reality, where she was the goddess and controller of all laws!

That's what everyone thought, but not Lilith...A faint mocking smirk emerged on her lips as she continued sunbathing, not bothering to even watch the rest of the battle, already anticipating the final outcome.

Meanwhile, Felix, who should be frightened to have his laws removed, didn't seem too bothered. His eyes roamed across his new reality nonchalantly before landing on Eris' face.

"It seems you are mistaken about one thing." He uttered one word at a time with a cold gaze, "I am not the one trapped with you; you are the one trapped with me."

The moment he finished, he extended his hands above his head and made a gesture of placing a crown gently on it.

Immediately after, the air above him flickered with a gathering golden radiance. Then,a magnificent crown materialized, floating majestically above Felix's head!

As the crown settled above him, a wave of golden energy rippled outward, the ground itself seeming to acknowledge his supremacy!

"I command this ground, these laws, this reality; everything is mine." Felix proclaimed, his voice booming across the dimension with an authority that was both imperial and inevitable.

"How shameless, attempting to steal control from me in my own reality?" Eris' expression turned stern as she attempted to strip the laws of pride from her reality, "Without pride, you are nothing."

The order had affected everything in her reality, but when it reached Felix? It fell flat in its face as the Crown of Sovereignty shimmered gloriously, protecting its owner's authority!

'I can't override his authority even here?' Eris raised an eyebrow in surprise.

She always knew that the seven sins laws were immensely powerful at their peak potential, but she never thought she would lose against them in her domain.

'No wonder Eris managed to pull a fast one on the three rulers.' Eris' smile widened a bit, 'Now I am seeing hope.'

Eris always wanted to explore Lilith's laws closely, but she was too secretive about her powers, showing only what she wanted them to see.

Thus, she was almost as ignorant about the strength of the seven sins as any other person.

That's why she was waiting for Felix to enter his true embodiment state, wanting to see how he would perform at his peak.

After all, if she took his side, their enemies would be the three rulers and she wanted to make sure that he had what it got to deal with them.

At this moment, she wasn't disappointed.

'If this is just the embodiment of the pride sin, I can't imagine what will happen if he embodies the true laws of all seven sins at once.' She thought, 'But first, he has to exit the embodiment state.'

Eris knew that entering the true embodiment state was the easiest part. Even though she could enter the true embodiment state of order and chaos whenever she desired, but she refused to risk losing her autonomy.

Also, she wasn't sure if it was even possible to supersede his authority even if she went for it...The universe's pride was just too overbearing.

'I guess there is only one way to deal with him now.'

Knowing she was left without many options, Eris reopened her tome again and flipped the pages until she reached the middle. Then, she gently held a paper as she gazed at Felix deeply in his eyes.

"This is my last action, if you survive this, you can have my core and full support."

"Can have?" Felix tilted his head with genuine confusion, "You think I am desperate for your core? for your help? Eris, I don't need you, I don't need anyone. You should feel honored to be recognized under me."

"There is no we, there is only I."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"..."

"..."

"..."

The tenants were left stunned and speechless, feeling like if his haughtiness carried on, this might end differently than any of them anticipated.

"Let's see how you fare against my Matter Transformation Technique." Eris merely chuckled in response and immediately ripped the page apart.

The moment the page disintegrated into light particles, a brilliant, chaotic beam raced across the dimension aimed directly at Felix!

As always, Felix couldn't bother to dodge, having an inner self-belief that he was untouchable, unbreakable and that nothing could hurt him no matter what!

He tanked the chaotic energy directly, striking him squarely in the chest. Felix glanced below at the chaotic energy attempting to seek into every nook and cranny with him. He could feel that it was desiring to transform him into a different entity entirely.

"If you thought it would be easier to deal with it, you are gravely mistaken." Eris uttered calmly, "For this exact technique, I had to abuse my la..."

"Scram."

Before Eris could finish her sentence, Felix merely gave a cold gaze at the chaotic energy attempting to invade his body, and it got expelled as fast as it had gotten in!!

Watching this shocking sight, Eris' eyes widened a bit, not expecting that even abusing her laws would fail to break through his defenses!

"How?" She asked, genuinely confused.

The assault she used would have been able to turn even Uranus into a piece of dead stone as she believed that no amount of authority could supersede chaos!

After all, it was the element of randomness in the universe.

"How? What explanation do you need besides knowing that it's me?" Felix replied indifferently.

"I see." Eris chuckled faintly, realizing that Felix's absolute belief of being unaffected by anything in the universe would help him survive through anything!

The only way to harm him was to break apart his self-belief.

"I know now how to deal with you, but it's already too late." Eris remarked as a couple of chains manifested out of nowhere and tightened their grasp on her.

While the assault had failed, the universe couldn't care less...It punished the action itself instead of the aftermath caused by it.

As Eris said, if it was any other unigin, they would not have been standing before her after getting hit by Matter Transformation Technique.

Felix manifested a golden throne and sat on it with one leg above the other...With the crown of sovereignty donning his head, he truly resembled the sole emperor of this universe.

Then, he queried expressionlessly, "Do you accept defeat?"

"I have observed enough." Eris smiled, "Yes."

"Good, now kneel and swear your allegiance to me." He commanded with a drop-dead serious expression.

Eris knitted her eyebrows in displeasure, "What if I don't?"

"You don't want to know," Felix replied coldly.