Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1797 The Birth of The Universe. I

﻿﻿1797 The Birth of The Universe. I

"Touch the stone of reality?" Felix frowned.

He wasn't thrilled by the thought of getting close to that abnormality...His reaction was valid when Lilith had failed to touch it while Uranus almost died from it.

Although it looked like the stone of reality was weirdly responsive and obedient to him, it still didn't lower his vigilance.

"I know you have some misgivings about its dangers." Eris shared calmly, "But, it's truly the only way to confirm my theory. Don't worry, I am quite positive nothing bad will happen to you."

"How about you tell me about your theory first?" Felix's eyelids twitched, "Then, I will consider if it is worth it to risk my life for it."

"I do you one better."

Eris pierced through her chest with an arm and pulled out her unigin core from it. It was quite peculiar as half of it was covered in chaotic colors while the other half had orderly lines and symbols written on it.

Under Felix's and the tenants' surprised looks, she sent the core towards Felix, allowing him to hold it in his palms.

"You can absorb my core as promised," Eris said calmly, "In this way if something bad were to happen, both of us would suffer the consequence."

"This..." Felix was left holding the core speechlessly.

Everyone knew that Eris planned on handing over her core if she were defeated, but to see her doing it for real without a change of expression was a different story.

"Are you truly sure about this?" Felix couldn't help but double down on her maddening choice.

"Certainties are for the weak-minded and cowards." Eris stated indifferently, "I walk on the path of truth, filled with cliffs gazing at the abyss. Without taking leaps of faith, I wouldn't have come this far."

Upon hearing this, everyone's expressions displayed varying degrees of respect and amazement at Eris's approach to life.

She made it clear that no matter what the final outcome, as long as she was on the path of truth, she would have no regrets.

"Now, are you going to touch it or not?" Eris removed the dimensional prison and said, "Weren't you intending to obtain it in the first place? How were you planning to do it originally?"

"I don't know." Felix rubbed his chin embarrassedly, "I left it for my future self to handle after I take care of you and Uranus."

It was expected since he truly had no information about the stone of reality besides the things Lilith had told him.

Although he knew that the upper celestials had failed to retrieve it, this didn't make him give up on the thought straight away.

After all, it never hurt to try.

"You can stop thinking too much about it." Eris shared, "There was nothing I haven't tried with the upper celestials, and yet, here we are."

"I see..."

Felix contemplated it for a few moments before deciding to do what she said. He realized that not many options were available even if he decided to play it slow. Thus, he might as well test her theory.

Of course, he had no intention of touching it with his main consciousness. He manifested a perfect clone through his wrath sin and sent it toward the stone of reality.

'Make sure to navigate through the miasma.' Eris advised as she joined the central table with the rest of the tenants.

She fit in so well that no one realized she was sitting with them until she opened her mouth!

'"I am trying, but there is just so much the deeper I go." Felix frowned.

'Uranus almost got killed because of it.' Eris shared, 'The closer you are to the stone, the more potent it is. When he was merely a few steps away from the heart, a single drop landed on his arm and changed its properties instantly. If it wasn't for Ares' quick reflex, slicing Uranus' arm apart, he would have been sent to the universe's heart.'

'So, that's what happened to him?' Felix raised an eyebrow, 'No wonder he is terrified of the first floor.'

'But wait, can the stone of reality really affect unigin cores?' Thor knitted his eyebrows in bafflement.

'Its authority is matching with the universe when it's dormant. What do you think?' Eris responded calmly.

'How bizarre...' Felix asked with a serious tone, 'Why do you think that is? We have witnessed it fight against the universe when I made a wish. It lost, but still, it did put up a decent fight.'

'I expected as much.' Eris wasn't surprised, 'If my theory is correct, you will find out when you touch it...So, just focus on that.'

'Say less.'

Felix narrowed his eyes in concentration as he glided past the spreading miasma. When he started going through more concentrated areas, where it was nearly impossible to move without being touched, he started using his abilities.

The miasma mist couldn't be affected negatively by any elemental ability, such as getting pulled or pushed away.

That's why the All-Devouring Puppet hadn't been able to absorb it too.

However, it consumed itself the moment it touched an object or interacted with some type of energy.

Thus, Felix kept feeding it with abilities from multiple energies, causing it to get consumed bit by bit until his path was cleared.

He kept doing this for a couple of minutes, taking it as slow as possible. When he finally arrived at the stone of reality, he summoned a protective barrier.

The barrier sprang to life around him akin to a translucent cocoon. It was not merely a shield but a dynamic entity that interacted with the miasma by feeding it continuously.

'This should do the trick.'

Confident in his protection, Felix turned his focus to the stone of reality, gazing at its deep crevices, and flesh-like veins running across its surface.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

'Here we go.'

A bit hesitant, Felix extended his hand towards it, his fingers brushing against its cool and smooth surface.

The moment contact was made, the stone of reality thumped out loud simultaneously with Felix's heart!

Ka-thumb! Ka-thumb!...

"It's just like the first time you stepped inside the floor." Elder Kraken raised an eyebrow in surprise, 'Do you really have a connection to it?'

Felix wasn't able to answer as the instant he touched the stone of reality, his consciousness was drawn in instantly!

When he opened his eyes, he found himself floating on an empty inky canvas with nothing in sight besides a tiny bright dot in the distance.

"Where am I?" Felix knitted his eyebrows in confusion.

"This is the instant everything begins.' Lilith responded with a faint smile, 'Make sure to watch closely."

"Wait? Is this before the birth of the universe?!"

Felix and the tenants were left stunned at the notion of viewing the birth of the universe with their own eyes.

'Does that mean that little bright dot is the central singularity?' Lord Loki commentated as he gazed at the bright small sphere.

"You call it central singularity in modern science, but in reality, it is the universe's heart." Eris shared calmly.

"You kidding right?"

"It can't be?"

"If it's the universe's heart, how can it exist after the initial Big Bang?"

The tenants found it difficult to believe. They knew that the universe's birth came from the Big Bang, causing agitating gases and matter, elementary particles that would shape the building blocks of stars, galaxies, and planets, to erupt into existence.

"I never shared that didn't happen." Eris persisted calmly, "The universe did come from an explosion of dense heated energy."

"But, have you ever wondered what was that energy?"

The instant she phrased it like this, it clicked in everyone's minds at once, making them blurt it out loud.

"Celestial energy!!"