Chapter 1798 The Birth of The Universe. II

﻿﻿1798 The Birth of The Universe. IIVisitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Eris neither confirmed nor denied it. She pointed at the universe's heart and said, "Watch and you will understand."

Felix went closer to the universe's heart and saw that it was getting smaller and denser, seemingly attempting to reach a point of no return, a point of singularity in this infinite expanse of nothingness.

Then, without any warning, the singularity erupted!

A blinding flash tore through the fabric of the nascent cosmos as massive quantities of celestial energy were expelled in all directions!

Felix and the rest covered their faces reflexively but realized that the light was harmless and they could still see through it.

Thus, with awed and disbelieving looks, they gazed at the explosion of creation, playing the very first notes of reality's grand score.

"How magnificent..."

"Not in my wildest dreams did I think I would witness the birth of the universe..."

"Look at it go..."

Each tenant had a different reaction to the incredible sight, but all of them shared an awed expression.

Meanwhile, Felix touched the expanding milky thick white celestial energy, coursing his hands gently through it.

He felt like he was moving it through thick hot jelly, making his heart accelerate in exhilaration.

'This much celestial energy, holy, the things I can do with it...'

Felix was still struggling to even obtain bits of celestial energy in its gas state. Even the three rulers barely had enough to create a sphere of condensed gooey celestial energy!

To see this much get expelled into the infinite expanse at the speed of light made it hard for Felix not to get greedy for some.

Soon, time started accelerating immensely, causing eons to pass by in mere moments. Felix and the rest observed how the celestial energy cooled and coalesced, stretching across the expanding universe.

But nothing happened next, the celestial energy continued expanding everywhere, but did not turn into anything.

This surprised Felix and the tenants.

"Hmm? I thought laws were supposed to appear by now. Where are the subatomics, atoms, matter?' Candace tilted her head in confusion, her reaction shared by the rest.

"If my theory is correct, then we are about to witness the birth of that exact process." Eris replied with a focused gaze at the universe's heart.

When they heard this, they realized that even Eris was ignorant about the full truth of the universe's birth.

Thus, no one bothered her with questions and affixed their eyes on the universe's heart, gazing at it with great curiosity and a bit of nervous excitement.

Ka-Thumb!!

Suddenly, the now-enlarged universe's heart made a thumping noise within the infinite pool of white celestial energy!

Before anyone could react, the Universe's Heart began to fluctuate with an intensity that none had ever witnessed.

Then, a vortex of pure celestial energy emerged around it, drawing in massive quantities of the released celestial energy.

It kept pulling in increasingly until a tall featureless humanoid being was formed amidst the storm!

Felix and the tenants' eyes widened to limit in shock, their heartbeats accelerating in agitation and fear at the freaky sight before them.

Yet, the scariest and freakiest part had yet to come...

With the birth of the form and the universe's heart at its center, six more hearts formed around it.

Each heart was distinct, uniquely shaped, and throbbing with its own rhythm, yet harmoniously aligned with the beats of the Universe's Heart.

Felix and the tenants instantly recognized two hearts, a white spherical core and a heart in the shape of a white stone.

"Is that Asna's core and the stone of reality?" Thor murmured, daze plastered all over his face.

"They are." With a faint relieved smile, Eris approved, "It seems my theory was correct after all."

"How can this be..." Felix was left stunned, having no idea how to react.

"What about those other hearts? And is this the universe's consciousness?" Lord Loki inquired with a solemn tone, his usual playfulness was nowhere to be seen.

"It's not the universe's consciousness, it's him." Eris said as she pointed at Felix, making him shudder all of a sudden.

Just as Felix opened his mouth, wanting to deny it, Eris carried on calmly, "Now, I can share with you my theory."

"After putting my focus on Little Paragon's journey, I understood that many things came up in his path for a reason. They weren't coincidences, but opportunities planted in his path."

"When Asna was added to the picture, plus his perfect synchronization with her soul, his ability to use her core, integrating with Kraken's bloodline for his internal mutation, obtaining the sealing hall to capture Lilith's clone, and the list goes on."

"Even the birth of the primogenitors was planned not as an entertainment. It was a mere small part of it. The three rulers went for it because the tablet told them to do so. It never shared the reason or its purpose, but now I am certain it was to set up the stage for Little Paragon's journey."

"Without the primogenitors, even if he possessed Asna's core, he can do nothing with it in his infancy mortal stage."

"The primogenitors' birth was a must to share their elemental control at a much wider rate, allowing for even humans to use their powers through integrating with beasts."

"In his case, he went straight for the source, allowing him to obtain the only mutation that mattered in the grand scheme of things."

"Kraken's internal mutation that allowed him to host seven hearts simultaneously."

The more Eris spoke, the clearer a picture was painted in the primogenitors' minds, making them realize that this made more sense than being born for the sake of entertainment.

How could the three rulers waste celestial energy, their powers, and their efforts to create them just for entertainment?

Their entire goal was the other side and they would do everything to make it happen. It made absolutely no sense to deviate from their goal for some entertainment.

"It became clear to me that he was being guided to become something unique, something only he could be." Eris paused as she gazed at Felix's narrowed pupils, "It's none other than the rebirth of the universe's consciousness."

Felix and the tenants remained silent, but the look in their eyes betrayed their true emotions, already predicting where she was going.

Before the shock of finding out about their true purpose was absorbed, Eris pointed her finger at the humanoid entity and hit them with another bombshell, "Now, to the core of my theory. It's highly believed that the cosmos is built on five pillars. Three celestial languages, the laws, and the elements."

"This was the accepted and most logical consensus." Eris shook her finger, "But now, I am certain it's built on seven pillars and you are gazing at them right this instant."

When she said this, everyone's eyes focused on the seven hearts within the entity, knowing that she was addressing them.

"There is Asna's heart, symbolizing the laws of the universe. There are also the cores of the three rulers, which represent the three celestial languages enabling communication with these laws/elements. Additionally, there is the heart of reality, which I believe contributed to shaping the universe's reality and unifying these laws to create a logical reality. As for the heart of the universe, it was the central piece that gave birth to them and bound them together."

"It can be said to be the main heart, the ringleader." Eris added unbothered by the stupefied looks she was receiving, "That's why the cosmos managed to win against the stone of reality during your wish in the void. It was the universe's heart deciding while the secondary heart was fighting off its authority, but failing to do so."

"It all makes sense now, I see it, I truly see your brilliance..."

Lady Sphinx commentated with an appreciative tone after her mind eventually connected all the dots and understood the genius of Eris to figure out the truth on her own. Also, why she believed Felix to be the universe's consciousness.

But, not everyone was as quick-witted as her.

"What about the seventh heart? You mentioned only six?" Candace addressed the obvious with a confused tone.

"Isn't apparent by now?" Eris remarked with a faint smile as she eyed Felix's chest.

"It's my human heart..." Felix murmured under his breath while touching his chest.

"Wait?! How! How is that even possible?!" Lord Loki exclaimed in shock.

"It really doesn't make much sense." Thor frowned, "How can what we are seeing now is Felix's human heart?"

"His current human heart state isn't the same as the one in the scene." Eris nodded in approval for a moment before adding, "However, the only pillar left untouched is the pillar of elements and elemental energy. Tell me, is there any race in the cosmos with the possibility to unlock affinities with all elements in the universe and control them besides humans?"

"Of course, you may say that any human can do the same and I would agree...But," Eris pointed at Felix and said, "He is different, he is the chosen one, he is the only one with the potential to reach the state where he can advance his human heart into its celestial counterpart and turn it into the seventh piece."

"How will he do it? I have some theories, but I am not sure yet. However, I am more than certain that my hypothesis is correct and that the little paragon was born to walk on this path of rebirth, a path only he can walk on, a path, where the end is to become the universe's consciousness and regain its owner."

"The greatest evidence is right in front of your eyes," Eris concluded as she manifested a spiritual image of Felix's internal heart system and their placements.

"This..."

When the tenants gazed at it, chills coursed down their spines after seeing that it perfectly matched with the internal system of the featureless being before them!!!!