Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1799 The Birth of The Universe. III

﻿﻿1799 The Birth of The Universe. III

The chilling evidence was right there before their eyes...They could deny it all they wanted, but nothing would change.

The internal systems were perfectly accurate with each other. Since Felix was the only entity in the entire universe with the humanoid version of the Kraken's internal system, it removed any possibility of it being a coincidence.

This was it.

This was the truth.

The undeniable truth.

Felix's knees suddenly buckled as he felt the universe's weight fall on his shoulders, grappled by the implications of such truth.

'All this time, I have been the universe? Are you screwing with me? Is this some unholy joke I don't understand? Me the universe's consciousness? What does that make Asna? The three rulers? The primogenitors? The Unigins? Is everyone just a small piece of me?'

The more Felix thought about it, the harder it got for him to accept. As much as the tenants were shocked, none could truly comprehend what Felix was going through.

To find yourself to be the origin of all creation and destruction, life and death, was enough to break anyone's mind apart...

The worst part? This revelation made him question if he was the progenitor of the trauma going on in his life for the sake of restoring his powers and authority.

Did he create the prophecy tablet that led the three rulers to assist him on a path to rebirth? If so, didn't that indicate he actively made Asna's life hell, forcing her to be born and imprisoned at a young age?

'The sealing hall that was given to me by Lord Zurvan...It was in a spatial earring with my soul's mark, yet it was given to him millions of years before I was born. Did I arrange for someone to hand it to him?' Felix murmured with a soulless look, all the unexplainable mysteries were starting to make sense.

'It was created based on the tablet's instructions and if I am its creator, doesn't that mean I actively participated in Asna's imprisonment for my selfish motives?'

'Also, if Asna is born out of one of my hearts just like the three rulers, did I fall in love with a piece of myself?'

'No, no, no, no,no...'

The more Felix thought about it, the faster his reality crumbled, making him feel sicker and sicker in his stomach...Everything was so f*cked up, that he had no idea what to think, to feel, and how to behave.

"I know it's tough, but don't take it the wrong way." Lady Sphinx remarked with a comforting tone, "You might have the potential to become the universe's embodiment, but at the moment, you are a human, a unigin, a person with an identity just like anyone else."

"You are Felix Maxwell and none of this change it." She added solemnly, "As for the rest? None of it is confirmed as we still have no clue what happened to this featureless entity."

"She is right." Thor jumped in, "For all we know, it could be someone else working in the shadows to restore the universe's consciousness. After all, why were the universe's seven hearts divided, with some gaining consciousness while others did not?"

"It's too early to start making such a heavy speculation." Fenrir supported with a cold expression, "The universe's consciousness possessed absolute omnipotence. I can't see a way for it to go through this trouble for the sake of a rebirth when there is nothing strong enough to kill it in the first place within its territory."

"Indeed, I am starting to feel that the unigins' theory of an outer god causing trouble is making more sense." Lord Loki nodded strongly, "Think about it. What if the universe was invaded at its early creation stage and its consciousness fought hard to rebel against it, causing its hearts to separate and even wounded like the stone of reality? After the invasion failed, the universe consciousness closed our universe and went absent once and for all."

"Isn't this the same thing they said?" Lord Shiva frowned, "Where are you going with this."

"I am getting to it." Lord Loki leaned closer and suggested with a serious tone, "What if, I am saying what if the outer gods realized that the only way to open up our universe is through bringing back its consciousness to life? They were the ones who created the prophecy tablet and allured the three rulers to follow its instructions to achieve their dream of reaching the other side. But in reality, they would be doing nothing but opening the gates of hell on us?"F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

When Felix heard this, life was restored in his eyes.

"It does make more sense...The universe's consciousness won't go through all of this trouble for no apparent reason." He remarked, his voice picking up some soul in it.

The shock of being the consciousness of the universe was nowhere as damaging as being the one responsible for the trauma of his loved ones. If it was true, then his entire life was nothing but a planned conspiracy orchestrated by himself!

Everyone suddenly turned to Eris seeking approval for their theory, but all they got was a shrug of a shoulder.

"I won't lie to you, I have no idea if there was an outsider interference or not. All I know is that something drastic must have happened before the birth of the three rulers."

"This is the truth that I am seeking." Eris narrowed her eyes, "Why did the universe lose its consciousness? Why is it attempting its rebirth? Who is behind the tablet? What's on the other side? Those are the questions brewing in my mind and there is only one way to truly figure them out."

"What way is th..."

Before Thor could finish his question, everyone's attention was suddenly drawn to the shapeless cosmic being.

Asna's heart surfaced outside of the being's chest and started to meticulously sort and refine the celestial energy released across the entire universe!

It transformed into distinct subatomic particles, atoms, electrons, oxygen, hydrogen, carbon, gravity, electromagnetism, and strong and weak nuclear forces, etc. From those subatomic materials and principles, it created the laws as we know it.

Following closely, the heart of reality surfaced with a singular purpose. Gathering those nascent laws and crafting them into a coherent, logical system.

This heart was the architect, building the structure upon which all other things would rely.

It laid down the laws of thermodynamics, ensuring energy conservation and entropy; it defined the laws of motion and made all the laws in the universe coexist in a balanced state. This caused the celestial bodies to enter their eternal dance across the cosmos.

Felix and the others watched all of this happen right before their own eyes!

Before they could discuss it, the Heart of Elements made its move after the framework of laws was established.

It breathed life into the laws by formulating a mirroring set of elements. In addition, It filled the universe with neutral energy, making it possible to be converted into elemental energy.

This energy became the foundation for the universe's lifeforms since celestial energy was a potent but fleeting type of energy compared to the sustainability of elemental energy.

Once the physical and legal architectures were in place, the three Celestial Hearts, Universal, Divine, and Runic codex made their move.

They acted as the scribes of the universe, each one inscribing one of the three universal languages onto the fabric of the laws and elements.

These languages allowed beings across the cosmos to interact with, understand, and manipulate the fundamental energies and laws with three different methods.

Without them, not a single entity besides the unigins, three rulers, and the elementals could control the laws/elements in the universe.

Their existence was in a sense less important than the other cores since the universe would continue operating as normal without them.

However, it would not have the same vigorous life in it.

After the seven hearts finished their work, a coherent universe was born from nothing but celestial energy.

A universe built on seven pillars, making it a masterpiece of order and functionality, a realm where every particle and every force was interconnected.

Felix and the tenants felt a deep connection to the cosmos after witnessing how its birth process happened, finally completing the puzzle.

"How marvelous...After celestial energy was transformed into the universe we know it today, it was exhausted almost entirely."

Jörmungandr admired after noticing that the only leftover celestial energy was encompassed around the featureless being. It was like everything was calculated to the last letter.

"It's truly crafted by a mastermind. It's simply impossible for such perfect creation to have no creator." Thor remarked, his gaze focused on the entity before him.

Just as the rest were about to join the discussion, Felix's vision started to turn darker and darker.

This made him understand that the stone of reality was kicking him out of its memories. Knowing that he might not return here again, Felix tried to catch one last glimpse of the shapeless being.

When his gaze landed on him, Felix suddenly felt chills course down his spine after seeing a tiny line emerge on the lower half of the shapeless being.

A curved line in the shape of a smile.

While it had no eyes, Felix felt, no, he was certain that entity was gazing straight into his soul, making him feel a special type of connection he had only with Asna...

"Is that really me..."

This was the last thought coursing down his mind as he got kicked out back to the 1st floor.