Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1800 The Guardian of Infinity and Finality.

﻿﻿1800 The Guardian of Infinity and Finality.

The moment Felix opened his eyes, he was shocked to find that the stone of reality was nowhere to be seen...Even the miasma was gone!

The only thing left behind was the celestial abnormalities spread out across the entire floor, seemingly unaffected by the disappearance of the heart.

Before the tenants could react to this scene, Felix felt a chill course down his spine after finding out that one of his dormant hearts was completely replaced with the stone of reality!

It even turned into a heart made out of flesh with veins and blood coursing through it like it was always there.

The most shocking part? This happened to his main body instead of the clone touching the stone of reality!!

"This..."

"I guess there are no more questions about your identity..." Eris said with a faint chuckle.

"I guess not..."

Felix rubbed his eyelids with a bitter smile as he sat down on a piece of cracked ground. He lifted his head and gazed at the stone of reality's original position, not bothering to even question how it happened.

what else was there to question? The stone of reality had rejected all the upper celestials from touching it.

Meanwhile, it became an integral part of Felix without his consent, integrating with him so seamlessly that he felt nothing when it happened.

"Little one, mind telling me how did you capture the stone of reality?"

Suddenly, Felix's guard peaked to the limit after his ears picked up on an unfamiliar friendly voice, echoing across the 1st floor.

In less than a nanosecond, Felix extended his senses to the limit, his eyes sweeping across every object and entity until they landed on a massive white tree.

It was standing against the distorted sky, its roots stretching upwards while its branches burrowed into the ground, a clear defiance of nature's order.

Yet, Felix's eyes were affixed on a single being, who was leaningcasually against this reversed tree.

With a wheat straw between his lips, he seemed utterly at ease, one leg crossed over the other, his arms folded as he observed Felix with curious eyes.

"Ares..."

Felix uttered with a hardened expression while entering a battle stance, preparing for a real death match.

Unlike Eris, he never had any interactions with Ares before, and from everything he heard about him, he wasn't to be f*cked with whether prepared or unprepared.

"How the f*ck did he get in here?!! I thought it was impossible to enter the tower when the entrance was closed!" Thor exclaimed in shock and dread.

This question coursed through everyone's minds and made them feel chills course down their spine at the thought of Ares managing to enter the first floor without Felix picking up on him!

He even left his main consciousness on guard duty in case something happened to his clone!

"From the expression on your face, it appears that you are puzzled by my method of entry. How about this? I will explain my approach, and you can share how you captured the heart." Ares spoke casually like he was talking to a good friend of him.

'Felix, I want you to listen to me closely. Put my core in Asna's core and permit me to continue using my powers. Then, find a way to escape using the stone of reality.' Eris' entire changed to a cold one, 'I will slow him down.'

'...'

'...'

'...'

The tenants were left utterly stunned, not expecting in the slightest for the powerful and fearless Eris to make such requests!

She was literally asking Felix to run away even when he had just shown her what he could do in his true embodiment state.

Her reaction shocked even Felix, leaving him with mixed emotions. He didn't know if he should be angry at her for underestimating his strength after everything he had shown or if he should be heavily concerned about his safety.

After all, there was no way Eris would react like this unless for a good reason.

'I suggest you listen to her.' Lilith supported with a sober tone, 'You are not ready yet to deal with him.'

When even Lilith backed her up, it made the tenants' hearts skip a beat, realizing that maybe, just maybe, Ares was on a whole different spectrum than the rest of the unigins.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

'I will do it, but not before I get my answers.' Felix put his wisp on the job and refocused back on Ares.

"How about an introduction first?" Felix narrowed his eyes.

"Ah, how impolite of me." Ares removed the wheat blade from his mouth and introduced himself, "Ares, the Guardian of Beginning and End, of Life and Death, and Finality and Infinity."

He hadn't said much, but at the same time, he said a lot.

'Life and death?! I thought he only commanded the laws of Finality and Infinity?' Candace was stunned.

All of them were already informed about Ares' laws being Infinity and Finality...It wasn't really a big secret. However, they weren't told about his exact powers and what these laws implied.

'Think about it, the Laws of Infinity and Finality are not merely guidelines to the universe's workings. They are the very embodiment of its most primal forces, life and death. To comprehend them is to grasp the clever paradox at the heart of existence.'

'Infinite cycles, infinite outcomes, infinite beginnings, and ends,' Eris continued for her, 'Consider a star in the void. It births from dust and gas, living in burning glory, and then dies in a spectacular blaze, only to return to the cosmos as dust once more. This cycle observed on a cosmic scale, reflects the infinite nature of life and death themselves.'

'Since the universe laws are mostly based on stars and other celestial objects, then, it based death and life laws as part of the infinity laws instead of being independent. Just like sound is part of vibrations and charm is part of lust laws.'

'In other words, Ares wasn't just the guardian of infinity and finality. He was the guardian of life and death as well.' Eris narrowed her eyes coldly, 'Making him, the most powerful and dangerous unigin in the universe.'

Upon hearing this, Candace couldn't help but draw in a cold breath in dread, gazing at Ares akin to staring at the Grimreaper himself.

She now understood that Ares had the power to end the life of any unigin he desired with a snap of a finger.

All it took appeared a command to end their life cycle and it would be over for them. Naturally, it would be through abusing his laws.

But still, because the infinity and finality laws represent the very birth and end of the universe itself, they possess massive authority over the rest of the laws.

The fact Eris was fearful of Ares implied his laws superseded hers, making them the most authoritative set of laws in the universe!

Felix had listened to all of this and still, had no intentions of running away without getting to understand Ares' motives.

He knew that for a being like him, it was near impossible for the three rulers to have any control over him, unlike Uranus.

"Felix Maxwell, a mortal, a primogenitor, a unigin, and now, on the path to become a Unigin Overlord." Felix introduced calmly, without a hint of intimidation in his face.

"Unigin Overlord." Ares rubbed his chin in intrigue, "After watching your journey in the quantum realm, I have to admit, I can see you pulling it off."

"You were watching me? How?"

Felix narrowed his eyes dangerously, feeling like his privacy appeared invaded. There was nothing he hated more than being spied on while having no clue about it.

"Well, of course, I appeared sent on a mission to bring you back with little Asna's core." Ares replied in a relaxed state, "As for the how? Isn't it obvious?"

Before Felix could think too much about it, Ares anwsered the question on his own, "All existence is part of the Saṃsāra cycle. As The ruler of this cycle, I can see all, hear all, and feel all through anyone, everyone, and anything I choose."

"Whether one appeared alive or as a spirit, a mortal or a unigin, everyone is part me. You can come up with your own explanation on how that helped me enter the 1st floor." Ares finished with a faint smile, "I hope that clarifies your doubts."

"Now, where were we? Ah, yes," His expression suddenly turned rigid, "How did you make the stone of reality submit to you?"