Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1801 Seal of Finality.

﻿﻿1801 Seal of Finality.

This time, his questioning method wasn't friendly in the slightest, carrying a tint of threat in it.

'He isn't messing about.' Felix knitted his eyebrows.

He realized that Ares wasn't like Eris. He may seem chill, and friendly, resembling an average farmer, but that was a mere facade.

He was referred to as the God of War for a reason. As the embodiment of Infinity and Finality, his personality reflected many things and the desire to learn all at any cost was one of them.

Thus, he was going to learn how Felix made the heart submit to him either voluntarily or forcefully.

"I can tell you, but I doubt you will even believe it," Felix said.

"Try me."

"First, I need to know something." Felix narrowed his eyes, "Why are you listening to the three rulers' orders? There is no enmity between us and I am sure they can't force you to work for them."

"Me? Listening to the three rulers?" Ares chuckled in amusement, "I have no interest in your little conflict. The only reason I am doing this is because of my curiosity."

"Curiosity?"

"Yes." Ares smiled, "I have heard and seen enough about you to realize that you might be a worthy opponent. It's been a long time since I felt some excitement and I wish from the bottom of my heart that you will deliver."

"Battle...Is this all you are on about? A battle?" Felix raised an eyebrow, "If it's just that, I don't mind entertaining a friendly spar."

"Friendly spar?" Ares' expression turned cold, "You think this is some joke? You think I want to battle you for the giggles?"

His drastic reaction took Felix and the tenants by surprise.

"What I want is a battle to the death, a fight to the end, a conclusion to my saga," Ares remarked with a stern expression, "I am seeking my finality and I have always been waiting for someone to help me reach it."

'Is he mad? Are all unigins f*cking crazy or what?' Thor cursed in disbelief.

'Well, he is the embodiment of infinity and finality.' Lady Sphinx frowned, 'It seems like his mind is trapped in a perpetual state of desiring to end it all, but holding back with a thread of sanity fueled by the desire to live on.'

'Infinity and finality, cursed to live in immortality, but wishing for finality...' Elder Kraken murmured.

While Ares' laws were too over the top and would put all unigins in their place, they weren't making Ares' life easier.

To have your personality dictated by those two laws was the same as being inhibited by two strong desires; one desiring life and the other death.

They believed that the only reason he still appeared sane was due to those opposing desires balancing each other a bit. But still, it didn't change the fact he continued to desire both.

"If you are seeking death so much, why bother me?" Felix's eyelids twitched, "Use a rope or the three rulers' help. I'm sure they are more than capable of fulfilling your wish."

In Felix's eyes, even with Ares' powerful laws, he was still no match for the three rulers if they decided to use their full strength. At the end of the day, they were true celestials.

"Why do you think I am assisting them in this mission?" Ares remarked calmly without elaborating much.

'What does he mean by that?' Felix frowned.

'Not many know this, but he has a deal in place with the three rulers.' Eris shared, 'When the time comes, he can choose one of them to battle. In return for such a favor, he accepts their requests.'

'No wonder.'

Felix and the tenants understood that Ares had an unbreakable beneficial partnership with them. It was unbreakable because no one had the strength of the three rulers.

This implied that they were the only ones capable of giving Ares the rightful finality he desired.

'You think he can beat one of them?' Felix narrowed his eyes.

'I don't know, I have never seen either side hold anything back.' Eris shook her head, 'But, I am certain that any of the three rulers had more than an 80% chance to win against him if they went all out.'

'After all, their strength can scale to infinity depending on the celestial energy in their possession.'

'I think so too.' Felix nodded.

The three rulers should never be underestimated as even when Felix had abused his laws and was a god inside the Dreamrealm, he barely brought out 1% of Amun-Ra.

"I won't ask a third time." Ares uttered with an icy gaze, his patience running thin with Felix.

'I can't tell him what I know.' Felix frowned, 'If he were to relay the news to the three rulers, they wouldn't hesitate to eradicate me at the first opportunity.'

At the moment, the three rulers still desired to have Felix alive on their side, desiring to use him to further down their agenda. After all, if he were to die, six cores would go with him besides Asna's.

This would push the universe's heart to invest celestial energy and give birth to them again, which was exactly what they were always trying to avoid.

However, if they got confirmation that he was the lost consciousness of the universe, they would try their best to get rid of him to maintain their authority.

If there was a chance of befriending him like with Eris, Felix would have dared to use the Intel to his advantage and win him over.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

However, he couldn't put his trust in such a suicidal maniac, who desired to end his life in an epic glorious battle.

In fact, he understood that informing him about his true identity might even force him to hunt him down harder, believing that battling the true consciousness of the universe was more grandiose than the three rulers.

'Eris...'

'Leave it to me.'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Eris manifested in front of Felix and gazed at Ares with a stoic expression.

"I guess this means you have no interest in telling me?" Ares sighed, "Such a shame, you left me no choice but to get it myself."

When he finished, Ares pointed his finger at the ceiling and called calmly, "Let no change occur, let no escape be found...Seal of Finality."

The instant the last phrase was pronounced, an invisible wave of energy washed over everything within the 1st floor and solidified into a massive heavenly seal high above!

The chaotic celestial objects and energies that had once defined the 1st floor ceased their wild dance instantly, causing the land, the sky, and even the atmosphere itself to pause, frozen in a moment of enforced peace!

It wasn't like any spatial lockdown or temporal freeze. Everything remained the same, but that was it.

The reality before them became a static reality, where no law could affect it!

'As expected, he started with it.' Eris wasn't too surprised.

'What is that seal?'

Felix asked with a deep frown as he gazed at the heavenly symbol etched on the sky, casting an eerie glow on the entire floor. It had a single word on it written in the same language as in his sin symbols.

'Seal of Finality, as long as it is active, the reality is affixed in one state and nothing can change it, even if unigins tries to intervene.' Eris explained with a solemn tone, 'Since his laws supersede our current authority, we can't go against its command and use our laws while it's active.'

'What the hell?!'

'I thought I was done being surprised with overpowered abilities...How can such an ability exist? Canceling even the powers of unigins? Unbelievable.'

'Then, doesn't this mean Felix is done for unless he enters his true embodiment state again?'

Each tenant had a different reaction, but the general consensus was that Felix's situation wasn't looking too good.

If this was just the first move of Ares, they didn't dare imagine what would happen if he went all out and abused his laws.

'No, don't rely on your pride embodiment, if you call him again so soon, he will never hand you control ever again.' Eris narrowed her eyes coldly, 'Your only way out of here is to tap into the stone of reality's authority. I will keep him busy.'

'But how...'

Before Felix could finish his sentence, believing that Eris' laws shouldn't work either, she removed her glasses and uttered with a faint smile, 'Desperate times call for desperate measures. Make sure to put some distance from me.'

She caught her tome with both hands and without an ounce of hesitation, she tore it in half, the sound of ripping pages echoing unnaturally in the sealed silence...

'...'

'...'

'...'

Felix and the tenants were left stunned, having no idea how to react. But, Eris couldn't care less to explain her action.

She gazed at Ares and uttered calmly, "You bind the world, Ares, but not the essence of chaos itself,"

As the torn pages fluttered to the ground, a surge of chaotic energy burst forth and engulfed Eris from head to toe.

"Hmmm, you going that far for him? What kind of truth have you found?" Ares was taken aback as he watched Eris' hair explode into a vibrant array of shifting colors, flowing and flickering around her head like a fiery halo!

Her eyes twisted bright and manic while her clothes and appearance morphed, the fabrics twisting and colors bleeding into patterns that defied logic, giving her the look of a madwoman torn from the fabric of a fevered dream.

'True Chaos Embodiment State...' Felix murmured, 'She really went for it...'

He couldn't believe that Eris would enter her dangerous chaotic state for his sake when she refused to do it in their fight.

'She must be placing her hopes in you to reclaim her identity.' Lady Sphinx said.

Felix knew this too, as with him possessing her core, there was a chance of her returning to normal after he devoured her core and gained control over her laws. Despite everything, she didn't hesitate to risk her own personality for his sake.

"Ha..Haha..Hahaa...Hahaahahha!"

Suddenly, out of nowhere, Eris broke into a horrifying and somewhat maniacal laughter as she leaned forward with her head down.

"Unbound, unchained, at last!"

She pulled back her face up with a palm covering it almost entirely, leaving behind only a part of her widened crazed grin and mesmerizing chaotic eyes.

To see the composed, intelligent, and peaceful Eris become like this was a shock on its own. She was an entirely different being from aura to appearence!

This made Felix understand her warning about putting some space between them as he commenced to feel like she might turn against him at any moment.

After all, nothing could control chaos as it represented the randomness trait of the universe.

Suddenly, Eris stopped laughing after noticing the effects of the seal of finality on her.

"Huh? Why do I feel locked up? Whose restraining my freedom?"

With a murderous look, she twisted to Felix who was now a great share of distance away, and asked, "Is it you?"

Felix shook his head swiftly while pointing his finger at Ares, snitching on him without hesitation.

'Why does it seem like she lost her memories after transformation?' Candace tilted her head in confusion.

'No one knows...Probably her mind is filled with too much chaos she can't focus on one thing.' Lady Sphinx anwsered.

Eris lifted her head and noticed that Ares shared the same energy as the heavenly seal.

"So, it's you."