Chapter??1805 Fulfilling Her Wish.

1805 Fulfilling Her Wish.

Commander Bia tried her best to analyze what she was witnessing but to no avail. What was she looking at? How did it exist? And most importantly, was it really related to Felix?

Such questions roamed in her mind as she kept gazing at the slumbering entity, dissecting every single detail about it.

'Wait...Is that...It can't...'

Suddenly, Commander Bia covered her mouth in disbelief after noticing that one of the cores was releasing intense vibrational energy mixed in with other energies.

The moment she sensed it, she immediately realized its owner.

"Uranus!!"

She spat his name with such venom in her voice that no one would question the nature of her relationship with him.

She might be a primogenitor, but she had spent plenty of time under Uranus' mercy until it was nearly impossible to miss his unique aura.

"If this is the bastard's core, doesn't this mean..."

Commander Bia's breath fastened while her eyes seemed to lose their edge for a fleeting moment.

A wave of emotions crashed over her, a chaotic mix that defied easy definition. Unexpected relief washed over her before getting accompanied by disbelief, seemingly unable to accept the new reality in front of her.

The man who had manipulated and tormented her for far too long was gone. No matter how hard she tried to deny it, his ripped-out evil heart was right there, staring at her with a look of utter defiance.

This made her envision Uranus in the place of the featureless entity, speaking to her with the only words that could hurt her deeply.

"So what if I am dead? You had nothing to do with it." Uranus sneered in ridicule, "For all the terrible things I have done to you, it is disgraceful that you have not been able to hurt me even once."

"Enjoy your little freedom, but don't you ever forget me." Uranus suddenly came right in her face and uttered with a sharp henious voice, "I will always be your 'loving' husband..."

Hearing the last sentence, a surprising well of tears welled up in her eyes. Even when he died, her heart could not remove all the damage he had done to her.

The fact she never put her hands on him to avenge her trauma made it even harder to accept his death.

It was like someone had killed your mother(god forbid) and, instead of serving him justice either with your hands or through the law, he died in an accident.

Death was death, but still, there would always be that lingering hatred attached to you until your death...

"Don't be weak, don't let him control you again, he died, it's a good thing, my only wish has been fulfilled..."

With a shaky breath, Bia blinked back the tears, refusing to let them fall for that bastard. She got rid of such negative emotions and thoughts with a shake of the head. Then, she brought out her stoic expression and gazed at the featureless entity with great resolve.

'How can I get him out of here?'

Although he had no features, she was certain it was Felix. Besides Uranus' core, all the other cores were displaying auras based on his laws.

Since she didn't have much Intel about unigins, she assumed that maybe, this was one of their defensive techniques to survive.

Knowing that Felix had managed to vanquish her nightmare was enough to make her feel indebted to him for life. So, she kept brainstorming ideas to move him from the danger zone.

After all, even when there was no potent miasma on the first floor, the quantum energy released was so chaotic, that it kept changing continuously and unpredictably.

'Commander Bia! Did you find anything?' Dankin suddenly reached out to Commander Bia, making her flinch.

'No, what about you?' She lied with a deep frown, having no intentions of letting anyone know about Felix's current condition.

'Only some random entities, no survivors from our side.' Dankin sighed, 'I am coming to you, I think we should start prioritizing searching for treasures.'

'No, stay separated to cover more ground.' Commander Bia ordered.

'Ah, as you command.' Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Dankin didn't doubt anything and carried on his search for treasures. Commander Bia turned to Felix and then glanced at the dimensional bag, hanging at the side of her armor.

'Will it work?'

She narrowed her eyes in wonder, knowing that her dimensional bag couldn't sustain life. However, this was a unigin, an entity that could survive in the worst possible environments.

So, without hesitation, she tapped into her vibrational manipulation and covered the entire cocoon in it. Then, she placed the dimensional pocket in front of it and enlarged it until it was big enough to consume it.

The cocoon was pushed gently with her vibrations until it completely disappeared inside. Commander Bia closed the dimensional bag and shrunk it to fit in her hand.

Then, she glanced inside and found that the cacoon was safe and so was the featureless entity within it.

'Good, it worked.'

She smiled softly, happy that she could at least offer this much help. But she soon erased that smile after realizing they were not out of the water yet.

'Quantix Prime, can he detect him inside?' She frowned, 'I can't do it, but his vibration control is on a godly realm, below only that bastard. I can't risk it.'

She already planned on keeping it away from him while she used another dimensional bag. For now, she carried on with her search, desiring to find treasures and the biggest treasure of them all, the stone of reality.

Even when she analyzed Felix's seven cores, none of them resembled the stone of reality drawn on the map, leaving her incapable of identifying it.

...

After a couple of hours of thorough search, Commander Bia and Dankin were forced to stop.

"This is way too much, the realities are expanding continuously at a rapid pace with their dangers." Commander Bia uttered with a stern tone, "We almost got killed twice, we need back up, and fast."

"I agree, we have to report to Quantix Prime before other nations figure out what happened. I am sure he is going to send the entire army to clean this place." Dankin nodded.

"Let's leave." Commander Bia turned around and flew through the forests of bizarreness with Dankin behind her.

After they were gone, none of them observed that far beneath the restless rumble of the volcano, where molten rock released sickly green lava, a brilliant sphere, no larger than a human hand rested peacefully.

It resembled a symbol of an infinity loop, gleaming faintly with the volcano's inner light. It was doing nothing but spin and spin around itself.

If any unigin were here, they would be left staring at it with stunned expression, not daring to believe it...Their reaction was in order as this was Ares' Core!

For it to be suspended alone, implied one thing, and one thing alone...The explosion that took out Felix's hadn't spared him either!!!

While it was insane to think about how the strongest unigin ended up in such a f*cked up state, it caused sense.

Eris had turned his mind and body into chaos, making it near impossible for him to even react to the explosion in time and defend himself against it!

Since this explosion resulted from Asna's core and the stone of reality's authority, not a single unigin could remain standing after taking it so close.

As for Eris? Her fate must be the same or even worse since her core was connected to Felix...

For now, the only sure thing was that both Ares and Felix had eaten the full brunt of the explosion of two primal forces and got their souls wiped out!

However, as unigins, souls weren't as important as the cores.

With their cores still intact, their revival was guaranteed as the core itself would give birth to it with time.

In other words, when Ares awakened, he may not be as laid back again...