Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1806 The Countermeasure.

1806 The Countermeasure.

While Ares suffered great losses due to such an unexpectedly overwhelming explosion empowered by primal forces above unigins' reach, Felix knew that it wasn't going to end well for him.

He saw it from a mile away that the confrontation was going to end horribly and since he could not move or use his laws to defend himself, he was left with only one option.

Accept his death and plan to minimize the losses...For unigins, death wasn't the end.

Thus, right before the explosion occurred, Felix had done something to himself and the tenants.

***

A couple of hours earlier, right before the explosion... Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

'Everyone! Move to Asna's core!'

Felix shouted with a solemn expression as he watched his soul barrier crashing at a rapid rate.

Rumble! Rumble!

'I can't believe your death happened because of you.'

The tenants didn't know if they should feel amused or concerned. Felix had gone through so much bullsh*t, surviving everything and anything.

To end up dying due to his own two hearts not behaving with each other was truly ironic.

'How irritating, why don't you reside in another core?' Lilith complained with an irked tone.

'Asna's core is the safest option.' Felix replied coldly, 'Also, it's not yours to make such comments, you should feel glad I am still letting you reside in it.'

'Yea, yea, whatever.'

Having no interest in wasting his breath on her, Felix sent his wisp and the tenants inside Asna's core...He also brought with him the crucified slumbering Uranus, leaving behind a ghost town in his mind.

Almost immediately, Felix's physical form and soul were subjected to the sheer magnitude of the unleashed energies, erasing him in an instant.

He watched with the tenants as this happened, their stunned eyes affixed on the rapidly collapsing tower.

Soon, Felix switched his focus to Ares and Eris' location, just to find out that both of them were nowhere to be seen.

'Damn...If you ended up like this, I don't think those two would have survived this either.' Thor remarked.

'Indeed, they were so close to the explosion too.' Lady Sphinx nodded.

'Well, it's up to fate now.' Elder Kraken sighed, 'If Ares got taken out by the explosion too, then you are safe, if not...'

Elder Kraken didn't need to continue for the others to understand that Felix's situation wasn't optimal.

Right, he survived the explosion and he knew that his soul would be created again after some time, but before that happened, he was a sitting duck.

Everyone held their breath in silence, waiting, waiting for Ares to show up and conclude their saga.

However, the debris of the tower and the waves of energy began to settle, yet he was nowhere to be found.

'Did he really fall too?' Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise.

He might not know Ares too deeply, but he was sure he would have something up his sleeve to avoid the explosion.

'Was it Eris? Did she do something to him?'

This was the only valid explanation he found, understanding that being in her chaotic embodiment state made her a formidable foe even to Ares.

'Eris...I'm sure she didn't make it.' Felix soon sighed with a bitter smile, feeling indebted to her.

She had willingly sacrificed herself for his sake even after already handing her core. The worst part, she activated her true embodiment while not sure if it would be possible to bring back her original persona.

'Felix, look! The cores are acting up!'

Suddenly, Felix's thoughts were interrupted by Candace after she noticed the seven cores converged, creating a network of transparent, luminous veins to form between them!

They were all linked to Asna's core and the stone of reality, seemingly both of them taking up the leadership role.

'What's going on?' Thor scowled in confusion.

'We are about to find out.'

Gradually, the cores and their connecting veins arranged themselves in a pattern, aligning into a formation that mirrored the internal heart system of Felix.

As the cores linked completely, the energy veins thickened and brightened, their light escalating until it was almost blinding.

Then, in a burst of radiant light, the connections solidified, transforming into featureless humanoid forms made entirely of energy!

Shock and confusion coursed through everyone's minds after spotting the entity and its uncanny resemblance to the consciousness of the universe.

'Why? Why did it form like this?' Felix murmured in bewilderment.

It wasn't like he was still rejecting the notion of him being the consciousness of the universe. He was wondering why the seven cores matched the positions of the seven celestial hearts.

Even Asna's heart and the stone of reality took their exact placement in the universe's consciousness.

'It must be the doing of Asna's core or the stone of reality.' Lady Sphinx theorized, 'They are clearly acting on instinct and the moment they lost their host, they attempted to recreate it again.'

'You mean that they thought the rest of the unigins cores are the celestial hearts?'

'Exactly.' Lady Sphinx nodded, 'If Eris was still here, I am sure she would say that for the universe's consciousness to be born again, all seven celestial hearts must be brought in together.'

'They will follow their instincts and unit to give birth to the universe's consciousness.'

'Hold on a second.' Lord Marduk narrowed his eyes, 'If this is true, doesn't this mean the newly created soul of Felix won't be the same?'

'Most likely.' Lady Sphinx nodded, 'Fortunately, he still has his wisp around. He might be able to save his soul if anything wrong occurred.'

If it was a primogenitor or another mortal, the moment their soul died, every wisp of consciousness followed suit across the universe.

But Felix was a unigin. Even if the main soul died, the wisps lived on independently. However, that's only if the core was in the process of recreating the main soul.

'It's not the time to think about such a thing.' Felix swiftly dropped the subject after noticing the birth of many dangerous creatures around him.

He knew that he had to leave this place as fast as possible before he got located by strangers. Even if they had no idea what to do with him like Ares, he couldn't afford the risk of falling into the wrong hands.

'Bia...Could Bia still be alive? She might have survived after the tower collapsed.'

Realizing that he had no more allies on his side, Felix remembered that Bia had gone through the portal too.

Without further ado, he achieved out with his senses but realized that a sealed shut light cocoon covered the humanoid entity. It made it impossible to reach out telepathically to the outside...Even the tenants gave it a try and failed.

'How do I reach out to the outside?' Felix was clueless.

'How about you use frequencies to leave a reoccurring radio message?' Lady Yggdrasil proposed with a soft voice.

'That could work, we formerly have a signal placed.'

Felix accepted the idea, knowing that if Commander Bia was alive and heard the signal, she would help him out.

He didn't trust her because they were allies, but he knew that if she were to see Uranus' core, she would connect the dots and feel indebted to him.

The only issue with this was whether he would be found by another Vibronixian.

After tapping into the little control he had over vibration law, Felix sent out the signal without using his real voice and kept waiting.

Before long, Commander Bia arrived and the rest was history.

...

After a couple of long months of travel, Commander Bia and Dankin finally arrived at Quantaar City.

The instant they stepped foot, they got linked up to the Frequencies Hub and received this message in their minds.

'Meet me in the throne room at once.'

It was a cold and emotionless voice, devoid of any human warmth. Just from his voice alone, it was clear that he accepted no rejections or delays.

Commander Bia and Dankin bowed their heads towards the palace and replied simultaneously, 'Right away, Your Majesty.'