Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1807 Quantix Prime.

﻿﻿1807 Quantix Prime.

'As expected, his eyes are on us immediately. Good thing I have dropped off the Paragon in a secure location outside of the city.'

Commander Bia's original plan was to hide Felix in her home until she dealt with Quantix Prime. But, she knew that Quantix Prime was able to connect with the Frequencies Hub and see everything going on in the city based on his desire.

Thus, she predicted he would focus on them the moment they entered the city, giving her no time to do anything.

...

Sometime later...

Dankin and Commander Bia could be seen walking on a grand hallway lined with statues of only one emperor in different poses.

The floor beneath their feet was a smooth translucent material that lit their path with a soft, guiding light, each step they took.

As they walked toward the throne chamber, they saluted the royal guards without stopping.

Finally, they reached a massive room dominated by a high throne made of a dark, lustrous metal that seemed to absorb the light around it, giving it an imposing presence.

The throne was set upon a raised platform, flanked by towering columns that glowed with soft blue light.

Sitting upon the throne was Quantix Prime, the founder and the emperor of the Vibronoxian Empire.

His appearance was as striking as the legends described; polished silver skin, electrifying blue eyes that pierced the semi-gloom of the chamber.

Desert golden hair swept back from his high forehead, adding to his regal bearing...He wore his ornate armor-like attire, the circuit-like patterns shining subtly.

As they approached, Dankin and Commander Bia felt the weight of his gaze upon them, cold and calculating, assessing their every move. Upon reaching the foot of the platform, they knelt in silence. Quantix Prime watched them for a moment, his expression unreadable.

After a moment that seemed to last for eternity, he finally acknowledged their presence.

"Rise."

Dankin and Commander Bia stood up respectfully and remained silent, awaiting his orders.

"Speak."

"Your Eminence," Bia initiated with a steady voice, "Under my command, we succeeded in eliminating most of the opposing squads in the hundredth floor, securing a strategic advantage for our forces in the upcoming floors."

"However, during our operations, we were invaded by three powerful outsiders. These entities possessed abilities that challenged our understanding of quantum powers and reality itself. I believe they were surface dwellers and their most powerful ones."

Quantix Prime's expression remained unchanged, but the glow in his eyes intensified after hearing about the surface dwellers.

"Were they unigins? What kind of laws did they command?" He asked, seemingly quite knowledgeable about the universe's matters.

"I believe so." Commander Bia nodded, "One controlled vibration, another controlled earth, and the last one controlled chaos and order."

"Uranus, Eris, and Demeter." Quantix Prime murmured, "Interesting, were they sent to obtain the stone of reality?"

"I don't think so, Your Highness." Commander Bia said, "They seemed to be hunting two of our mercenary squad, Gonn and Bollo."

"We don't know why exactly, but these two seemed to be from the surface too and shared the same strength as them." Commander Bia narrowed her eyes, "On the Silent Library floor, one of them even died to help us escape from them."

"Were you actively helping them?" Quantix Prime narrowed his eyes, "Why?"

Commander Bia kept a straight face and anwsered, "It didn't seem we were going to be spared either. They might have been chasing for them, but they were eliminating anyone in their path, forcing us to defend ourselves."

Quantix Prime turned to Dankin and asked calmly, "Is this the truth?"

"Yes," Dankin confirmed it instantly with his head lowered.

"I see." Quantix Prime turned back to Commander Bia, giving her permission to continue with her narration.

"We tried our very best to save our men, but the conflict between those two parties had resulted in everyone getting sent within an unstable portal." Commander Bia shared, "I ended up being thrown to the void while Dankin was sent to the chambers of horror floor."

"The void?" Quantix Prime raised an eyebrow.

Knowing that he was surprised by her survival, Commander Bia clarified with a solemn tone, "I also thought I was done for, but for some unknown reason, the Echoing Tower ended up completely destroyed."

"Hmmm?!"

This time, Quantix Prime was genuinely stunned, unable to maintain his composure after hearing such a piece of mindblowing and damning news.

"That's not all, the tower's collapse triggered a catastrophic explosion that did not just obliterate the structure but also unleashed a storm of realities. This maelstrom of quantum energies has begun reshaping vast areas around the ruins, creating environments and pockets of altered realities that defy our existing laws and understanding."

"The problem is, those realities are spreading rapidly and everywhere. We have tried our best to hunt for treasures and the stone of reality, but there is just too much ground to cover."

Commander Bia stopped, wanting to hear Quantix Prime's opinion about all of this. She knew that the news was tough to believe even for their founder.

After all, the stone of reality and the tower were historical pieces in the quantum realm. However, Quantix Prime didn't even address what she said.

He leaned forward and inquired with a hardened tone, "And the invaders?"

"We have no clue, but we spent hours within the new emerging realities and we have not seen any of them." Commander Bia remarked, "I am certain if one of them was there, they would have eliminated us."

"Indeed." Quantix Prime returned to his seat and said, "They might have been the villains for the tower's destruction and its first victims."

"Most likely." Commander Bia and Dankin nodded in agreement.

"Listen well, the stone of reality must be on the loose. I refuse to accept having the stone land in the hands of anyone besides mine. There isn't much time before the rift opens up and I have a feeling that bastard will kick off another conquest attempt on our realm. We need the stone's power to defeat him once and for all." Quantix Prime ordered with a cold tone as he stood up, "Gather the troops, we march at dawn!"

He neither asked them about the treasures they collected nor about their well-being after such an ordeal. All he cared about was the stone of reality.

Commander Bia and Dankin weren't too surprised by this.

The stone of reality was a treasure desired by all nations for one reason; Protection from their enemies and most specifically, the biggest villain of the quantum realm.

Apollo's Dark Side!

"The troops will be ready in time." Commander Bia bowed her head and dismissed herself with Dankin.

After they took off, Quantix Prime sat back down with an icy expression.

'She lied to me on three occasions. Her leadership at eliminating the enemies, the reason to help the disguised invaders, and not knowing about the life status of the invaders.'

'Bia, I have welcomed you to my home as a foreigner, as a surface dweller, and gave you the same treatment as any Vibronoxian.' Quantix Prime narrowed his eyes, 'Why would she lie to me?'

'Why would she do it?'

Quantix Prime thought about it thoroughly and arrived up with only one reason.

'She lied to protect something, someone.'

Quantix Prime's eyes suddenly started vibrating as he linked himself to the Frequencies Hub.

In an instant, Commander Bia reflected on his pupils, her expression was as stoic as ever. However, he could identify a hint of relief in them.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

'What are you concealing from me?' He narrowed his eyes coldly.