Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1808 Risky Option/Safer Option.

﻿﻿1808 Risky Option/Safer Option.

While Commander Bia was preparing the troops, Quantix Prime's eyes never left her. He was waiting for her to slip and show what she was hiding behind his back.

In a sense, he could easily force her to admit it on her own. But, he knew she was a flight risk.

Regardless of what he did, all it took was one command from Commander Bia and she was out of here, returning to the matter universe in the blink of an eye.

With all his strength and might, there wasn't much he could do about her returning to her original size unless he killed her in an instant, but that would defeat the purpose.

"Shadow." Quantix Prime suddenly uttered calmly.

Whoosh!

A featureless humanoid entity arose from his shadow and knelt in front of him. It was covered in an aura of darkness and mystery.

"Trail Bia wherever she goes outside of the city and keep me updated." He ordered.

"As you desire." The shadow imploded into a fog of darkness before fading away.

Quantix Prime might have the entire city under his omnipotent vision, but the same didn't apply outside of it. Knowing Bia's intelligence, he understood that if she wanted to hide something from him, she would keep it outside of his radar.

"Now, months have gone by since the destruction of the tower, news should have either reached other nations or was about to." Quantix Prime narrowed his eyes coldly, "Entropy Master Xylos of the Chaosian Empire should also make a move with his troops."

Quantix Prime understood that many nations kept a constant watch on the tower from a distance in case something occurred to it. For example, a new floor was added or it teleported to another location.

Thus, Commander Bia and Dankin weren't the only ones first to know about its destruction as it was visible from millions of kilometers.

Adding months of journey between the empire and the tower, closer nations might even have received the news faster than him.

The Chaosians were one of those nations closest to the Echoing Tower's location unlike them.

"It's going to get hectic and messy."

...

As predicted by Quantix Prime, after the Echoing Tower's cataclysmic destruction, news traveled like wildfire across the quantum realm.

From the advanced capitals of the quantum realms to the more remote and mystical dimensions, whispers of the disaster spread rapidly, turning into urgent broadcasts and strategic meetings.

In a bustling mercenary hub, all the mercenaries were discussing the latest news.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Authorities have confirmed the destruction of the Echoing Tower," One of the mercenaries uttered with an excited tone, "They say the event has led to the creation of expanding realities resembling the tower's floors."

"I heard it too! It seems like these realities are reportedly filled with untapped resources, unknown energies, and potentially, the lost treasures of the tower, including the famed Stone of Reality."

"Aaaaaaaaaa! Imagine how rich we would get if we found it! All nations will be fighting to pay anything for it."

"Haha! True! True!"

"Tsk, a bunch of idiots. Getting near the stone of reality is a death sentence." a grizzled veteran mercenary sneered, "All nations will be there at full strength, vying for the stone. They wouldn't hesitate to kill anyone who was found holding it."

"He is right, it's going to be a free-for-all down there, folks." His squadmate jumped in, "This is a chance of a lifetime to secure the treasures as long as you stay away from the nations' troops' path."

Most of the mercenaries had a greedy glint in their eyes, realizing that this was truly a chance of a lifetime. Treasures of the tower were out there for everyone to grab and the nations no longer had any control over it.

Thus, groups formed spontaneously, alliances of convenience between squads, each eager to carve their fortune from the chaos.

Some even decided to latch themselves with the nations' troops for extra security for the price of helping them find the stone of reality.

This was an era-defining moment for the quantum realm, and Felix had absolutely no clue about it...

At the moment, all he was focusing on, were two things: Reviving his soul faster and Asna's wellbeing.

...

At the depth of a massive forest made out of trees that had leaves as beautiful green butterflies, a tiny bag was buried under a random tree.

This bag was protected with a vibrational barrier that hid its presence while also repelling anything from getting near it.

Within the bag, only a white cocoon was visible...This was Felix's resting place.

Right now, he was gathered with the tenants at the central table within Asna's core, talking about ways to accelerate the soul revival.

"So far, we have tried more than five methods, and all of them failed." Felix remarked, "Any other ideas?"

"I think it's time we put it to rest." Elder Kraken shook his head, "Soul creation is a fine art that requires time. Speeding up the process won't do you any good regardless of the method used."

"He is right, you don't want your new soul to be born defective." Thor supported.

"I know, but I can't sit by and do nothing for the next millennia." Felix frowned.

He already understood that the minimum amount of time required for a unigins' soul to be born from a core was no less than a millennium.

In his case, it may take more or less due to the number of cores in his possession. He had a feeling it would take more since seven cores made the process more complicated for the universe.

Felix couldn't afford to waste time, knowing that Asna could wake up at any given moment and kill off all of his efforts.

"How about you commence with the rest of the plan right now?" Lord Loki suggested, "You should be able to go for it even with the bits of control you still have left."

"I know, but I don't want to risk it." Felix narrowed his eyes, "I can activate the mark only once and if I cannot hold onto the connection, I will never be able to connect with her again."

"I think it's still better than losing the chance forever." Thor supported.

Felix sat down in silence, pondering deeply about their suggestion. He desired his plan to conclude successfully since it would allow him to establish a permanent connection with Asna through her dreams as long as she remained asleep.

This was always the plan as he understood it was nearly impossible for him to save her from the three rulers' clutches without the appropriate strength. So, just being able to talk to her freely was enough for him.

But, if he lost such an opportunity, he would never forgive himself.

This put him in a tough dilemma...Either risk it and wait until his soul was reborn before activating the mark or do it right now at the expense of losing the connection in the future.

The safer option guaranteed to see and talk to Asna, even for just a bit.

'What are you doing...Your mission is to save Asna once and for all instead of desiring to hide together within her dream for eternity.'

Suddenly, it dawned on Felix that there was only one true option...It was saving Asna as he promised.

How could he achieve it if he ended up getting used to life with Asna in her dream? He may even be terrified to do anything that would jeopardize their soul connection.

In other words, his hunger would be satiated and this would kill his momentum. Against the three rulers, Felix couldn't afford to get lax and comfortable for even a moment.

"I think it's time we have Asna join us." Felix suddenly smiled, "Whether it will be for a short while or not, I would never forgive myself if I lost such an opportunity to link up."

Each tenant had a different reaction to the news. Some were excited, some were nostalgic, some were amused, and most were curious.

Many new tenants were added after Asna got kidnapped in the spirit realm, making their connection with her superficial at best.

"Are you going to activate it now?" Lady Sphinx inquired.

"Yes, there is no point in delaying it any further."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Felix closed his eyes and concentrated on the sloth-based mark engraved on Asna's dream. Even with a cocoon in place, he was still able to sense the existence of the mark.

The moment he reached it, he murmured under his breath, "Activate."