Chapter 1809 A Long Embrace...

1809 A Long Embrace...

The moment the mark was activated, Felix's reality blurred around him as he transitioned from the physical realm to the realm of dreams.

When the world solidified again, he found himself standing outside a familiar, stately mansion that belonged to his late grandfather, Robert.

'Hmmm? Why is she dreaming of this place?'

Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise as he gazed at the grand mansion surrounded by lush gardens that bloomed with life. Just a single gaze brought many memories of a simpler, happier time.

'Indeed, shouldn't she be dreaming at least of the Sky Pearl island?' Thor wondered while spectating through Felix's eyes.

'It seems she has no choice over her dreams.' Lady Sphinx remarked calmly, 'Such dreams rarely make sense.'

'Let's find out.'

Without saying much,Felix stepped through the front door and felt a sense of overwhelming peace washing over him.

The interior of the mansion was warm and inviting, with sunlight streaming through large windows, casting patterns of light across the polished wooden floors.

It was just like he remembered it, making him break out a faint smile without knowing it.

Soon, his ears picked up on giggles and soft chatter coming from the living room. He concealed himself and followed the sounds until he stepped inside the living room.

The moment he viewed inside, his eyes landed on Asna, looking serene and content, resembling a goddess of purity.

She was completely different than the Asna he knew, aura and personality-wise. However, her appearence was still the same, her crimson long wavy hair, and golden eyes shone under the sun's reflection peering through the glass windows.

Yet, what surprised Felix the most was a little child, playing on a soft rug with some of his old toys, his laughter bubbly and infectious.

The child resembled him and Asna greatly, sharing her soft crimson hair and his original blue oceanic eyes.

Suddenly, Asna looked up and met Felix's gaze, her eyes lighting up with joy. "You're home,"

Just as Felix was about to reply, another Felix went through his ghost-like form and hugged her with a wide smile.

Unlike him, he resembled his young self, still possessing his original golden hair and blue eyes, appearing as human as any other man.

"Sorry, darling, I was called in to run more experiments before committing to the process."

"I see, I hope it isn't taking a toll on you."

Asna sighed as she took away his coat while he played with his son.

"You know how it is..." Felix smiled wryly before turning it into a goofy expression. "Did you miss me, little Niko?"

"I missed you daddy!!"

"How much?"

"Hmmm, this much!"

Little Nimo made a grand gesture with his arms, pulling away as much as possible...This made Felix chuckle in amusement.

"What is this? Why does it feel familiar?"

Felix felt a sudden sharp pain at the side of his head, feeling like the scene before him made absolutely no sense, but at the same time, it did.

'It must be Asna's lifelong dream, a mundane married life with you." Lady Sphinx smiled a bit, "For her, she would do anything and everything to gain this life even if it meant losing all of her perks and strength."

"I think so too."

Thor and the rest of the tenants didn't overthink this development, feeling like it was within Asna's expectations.

When it was put like this, Felix also felt like he was overthinking it and this was just a mere dream based on Asna's deep engraved wishes.

Soon, his frown turned into a loving smile, realizing that even when she was in a coma, she was still thinking about him.

"I kinda feel bad about ruining her dream, she seems to be living in peace." J?rmungandr sighed, knowing that for Felix to converse with Asna, he had to break off her fantasy.

"Unfortunate, but it has to happen."

Felix hadn't gone through so much trouble to establish this connection to watch Asna live a peaceful life in her dream.

He knew if she were to find out that he had the chance to meet up with her and he wasted it to keep her in a fantasy, she would absolutely skin him alive.

Thus, Felix turned to Asna, who was still absorbed in the tranquility of the dream. He reached out with his mind, touching the edges of the dream with the intent to reshape it.

Slowly, the figures of the child and the husband began to dissolve, their laughter echoing one last time before fading into the silence of the evening.

Before Asna could react to the disappearance of her child and husband, Felix manifested in front of her with golden hair and blue eyes. Then, he placed his hand on his cheek and said softly, "It's time for you to wake up."

Immediately after, Asna's eyes turned white for a split second and then returned to normal. However, her entire aura and demeanor changed this time, returning to her known overbearing persona.

"Fe..Felix? Is that you?!"

Asna mumbled in disbelief, as he leaned in with a hand, desiring to touch his cheek. However, it kept shaking as it got closer, seemingly afraid that he would disappear with a mere touch. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Noticing her anxiety, Felix pulled her hand and placed it gently on his cheek with a loving smile.

"I am here, I am sorry it took me so long." He said, almost whispering.

Asna didn't even hear what he said as the moment she realized he was the real deal, she fell into his embrace and held him tightly while sobbing loudly.

Her anguished cries echoed across the empty mansion and came back to haunt Felix's heart, making him feel like he had failed her...Even though what he had already done and was doing could be described as miraculous.

The more she cried and hugged him tighter, the more his body softened. Without hesitation, Felix pulled her into his embrace tighter, a grip so tight, it spoke volumes of the trials they had endured apart.

Felix's gaze closed as he inhaled the familiar scent of her hair, reminding him of all the good and bad times they shared together.

"I thought I had lost you," Felix murmured into her hair, his voice thick with emotion. "I tried to reach you, to save you, but every attempt just pulled us further apart. I finally got a break, finally..."

Felix was far from being emotional as not even the reveal of him being the consciousness of the universe had him dish out more than just anger and shock.

But, right here, in Asna's arms, his eyes couldn't help but turn wet...He could control it, he could stop it, but he didn't.

He knew that Asna was the only person he could become vulnerable in front of and she would never look at him differently...Never.

Asna pulled back slightly, her hands cradling his face, her thumbs gently wiping away the moisture that had gathered at the corners of his eyes. "I know, my love...Even while asleep, I felt your struggles, your attempts to pull me back. It hurt, being so far, feeling the bond strain but not break."

Felix nodded, his gaze suddenly becoming intense and full of determination. "I made a vow to protect you, to be there for you. Whatever it takes, I am going to make it happen, whatever it takes, I am going to fulfill your dream."

"I know you will."

Asna neither doubted him nor discouraged him from doing it. She had complete faith in her man and nothing was going to change it even if all three rulers were to face him at once.

The all-powerful but frail couple stood there for a long moment, holding each other in the fading light.

No one spoke, no one breathing out loud, they merely kept embracing in silence, savoring this beautiful, long-overdue instant under the envious gaze of the tenants...