Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1810 A Cruel Narration.

1810 A Cruel Narration.

Sometime later, Felix and Asna finally broke from their embrace. They gazed into each other eyes and smiled simultaneously, seemingly knowing what went in each other's minds without needing to mouth out in the open.

Felix lifted his head and looked confused at the mansion before asking her, "I didn't expect you to dream of this place."

"I also have no clue why." Asna placed a finger on her lips in puzzlement, "After I went into a coma, my soul was damaged so much to the point my subconscious took command."

"So, this is the doing of your subconscious?"

"Yes."

"Weird..."

Felix still felt like something was missing from this situation, but in the end, he chalked it up to dream peculiarities...He knew that even for unigins, it was difficult to control their dreams if their consciousness was out of it.

"Forget this, I want to hear about you." Asna's eyes gleamed in curiosity and a bit of worry as she caught his hands, "What happened after I lost consciousness?"

"Let's sit, it's a long story." Felix smiled wryly.

Felix went on and started from the moment Apollo saved him from Uranus's clutches, telling her that his intervention had set off a sequence of events leading him into the depths of the quantum realm, the hunt by Uranus, Eris, Demeter, and the Echoing Tower's adventure. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He made sure not to leave any detail, narrating the whole experience just like she was there with him, observing him struggle, fight, and survive day by day.

Asna listened intently, her eyes locked on Felix, absorbing every detail of his story. Her face kept changing from one emotion to another...But, mostly, it was anger and sadness.

This made Felix feel like she was blaming herself for not being there for him, being by his side as always, partners in crime.

To cheer her up, he retold her about how he defeated Demeter, Uranus, and even brought Eris to his side.

"Eris on our side?" Asna scoffed coldly, "You shouldn't trust any of those bastards. Every one of them is a selfish prick, who cares about nothing but themselves."

Asna had no intentions of forgiving any unigin after she ended up imprisoned for twenty million years and all they did was watch it happen.

"Apollo and Eris have really helped me a lot in my journey." Felix smiled bitterly, "I know that what happened to you was a betrayal of the greatest order, but without these two, I wouldn't have been able to make it this far."

"..." Asna remained silent.

"Inside the 1st floor, Eris forced herself into a chaotic true embodiment state and saved my life from Ares." Felix continued, "Apollo did the same, knowing that it was very unlikely he will ever be born again under his dark side."

"So, I do owe them a big one each."

"I see..." Asna closed her eyes and when she opened them again, a tint of forgiveness was seen in them. She might not even care about forgiving them if they helped her out.

But, to hear that they had saved her man and even sacrificed themselves for him, her heart was touched. Still, it didn't mean that she forgave them.

Felix knew this and was fine with it. He knew that Asna easily held grudges and to get betrayed by them as a child was something not even commoners could move past.

While one could say that they were in a tough place and couldn't really help her out against all the unigins and the three rulers, it changed nothing.

If one truly loved someone and was loyal to him, nothing would stop him from doing everything and anything to save his loved one...Exactly what was Felix doing right now.

He was much weaker than them and still decided to take on the entire Eternal Kingdom for Asna's sake.

She knew if she was in their place, she would have done anything in her power to save them, which was the reason it was harder for her to just let it go.

Twenty Million years...Twenty Million years was a long, long time.

Felix had no plans to convince her with anything. When the time arrived and he helped revive both Eris and Apollo, they could deal with her on their own.

For now, he continued with the rest of his tale until he arrived at the stone of reality and the vision he saw.

He paused and gazed into her eyes deeply, having no clue how to explain it. The truth of his true identity didn't affect just him, but also Asna.

"What is it?" Asna narrowed her eyes, noticing the hesitation in him, "Did you cheat on me or something?"

"Huh? What?" Felix rolled his eyes, "How can I cheat on you while I am fighting for my life? Make some sense."

"I don't know, but I am not liking your silence," Asna replied with an annoyed look.

"Ahh, if only it was that simple..."

"You stated what?"

"Nothing, nothing." Felix coughed after picking up on her rising murderous aura.

"Out with it." Asna soothed her tone as she caressed his cheek and said, "You know I can handle anything."

"I do hope so, because, it's kinda messed up." Felix smiled wryly and decided to show her everything about his identity, having no interest in speaking about it.

Asna started to watch with an open mind, seemingly certain that nothing would be strong enough to shake her heart...Yet, what she watched and heard next, left her staring into the screen with widened unblinking eyes.

The video concluded long ago, but she still sat theremotionless, trying her absolute best to absorb the magnitude of such overwhelming news.

Felix wasn't any mortal she met by chance, he was the universe's consciousness, her heart was part of his entity, his entire existence was in a path of revival, and worse of all? Her birth, her life, her imprisonment, her sufferings, everything was planned out from the start for that purpose...

She expected something shocking, but this? This was enough to give anyone a heart attack as it pushed her to question her entire reality.

"Asna...It seems like you had no idea too." Felix smiled bitterly as he reached out, taking her hands in his.

Felix wished that she knew something about this, if just 1%, to minimize the blow. Alas, she seemed just as shocked and shattered as him when he first heard the news.

"How can this be...What kind of twisted fate is this?"

Asna looked down at their intertwined hands, her mind a whirlwind of emotions and thoughts.

Finally, she lifted her gaze to meet Felix's, her eyes glistening with unshed tears mixed with a spark of existential dread.

"I... I need time," She managed to whisper, her voice barely audible. "To understand this, to understand what I am, what we are."

Felix nodded slowly, squeezing her hands gently.

"Take all the time you need," He stated softly. "I am here, and no matter what, that doesn't change. We will figure this out together."

Asna nodded, a silent acceptance of his support...She withdrew slightly, folding her arms around herself as she turned her gaze away, staring into the distance.

She neither blamed him nor got angry at him. She knew that Felix would never plan so far ahead to harm her.She was just trying to reevaluate everything that happened to her using this piece of news.

The instant she did this, a buried memory surfaced in her mind, leaving her absolutely stunned.

She slowly turned to Felix and stated absentmindedly, "So, that's what he meant, I see now, I understand now what he meant..."

Felix tilted his head with a faint furrow in puzzlement.

"What are you talking about?" He asked.

"Uncle Kronos, Uncle Kronos knew about all of this billions of years ago..." She muttered, shocking Felix and the tenants alike.

"What do you mean?"