Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1811 The Imprisoment Grounds III

1811 The Imprisoment Grounds III

Asna broke out of her daze and responded, "Ah, I never told you this, but I have spent some time in the imprisonment grounds with Kronos."

"That's new to all of us." Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise, "Is this why he rescued and sent us to a new timeline?"

"Huh, what are you on about?" Asna tilted her head in confusion.

"It seems we both know different things about Kronos." Felix narrowed his eyes, "I will go first."

Felix went on to narrate how he learned the truth from Eris about Kronos' intervention when their souls merged and were about to be erased.

He told her that Kronos had abused his laws to a massive degree in order to get them inside a new frozen timeline twenty years more or less in the past.

If it wasn't for him, they wouldn't be here...Together at least.

"I always had a feeling he would have somewhat of a relation to our rebirth." Asna didn't seem too surprised, "In this universe, no one has the powers to do what he did besides him and the universe itself. The three rulers can give it a try, but it will consume their lifetime supply of celestial energy."

"Indeed." Felix nodded before asking, "How about you? Were you prison pals? I doubt he would have taken such a massive sacrifice if you weren't so close."

"This...I doubt it." Asna shook her head, "I don't know, but I have a feeling he did it for the sake of the punishment..."

"What do you mean?" Felix knitted his eyebrows in confusion.

"Let me show you."

***

Twenty Million Years ago...Inside the Imprisonment Grounds.

After little Asna spent tens of thousands of years in a deep slumber, she finally woke up after realizing that her senses were stronger than before.

The moment she opened her eyes, she was met with a distorted vision of the sealing hall instead of utter darkness as before.

'I can see...I can see!'

Little Asna's excited voice resounded everywhere. She realized that all of her senses seemed to have either strengthened or the seal weakened somehow, just like what Kronos had said.

Since Kronos was the sole being on the imprisonment grounds with her, she immediately called for his presence.

'Uncle! Uncle Kronos! Are you here?!'

Alas, no one responded to her calls. Still, she didn't give up and continued shouting his name, believing that he was asleep, hoping for it...

Unfortunately, minutes went by, and still no callback.

'Uncle...'

She whispered with a saddened and a bit frightened tone, realizing that she was imprisoned all alone for eternity...

However, just as despair was starting to cloud her heart, a familiar annoyed voice resounded in her ears.

'Brat, don't you have any respect for your sleeping elders?' Kronos scolded with a deep yawn.

'Uncle! You're still here!'

Asna's voice carried a hint of relief and life in it again.

'Little one, a word of advice, don't get too used to me, my sentence is near its conclusion.' Kronos shared calmly after noticing that she seemed to be getting attached to him.

'Humph! Who is getting attached to you?' Asna scoffed in annoyance.

'Yea, yea, I guess I misunderstood.'

'You got that right.'

Kronos chuckled and remained silent, knowing that it wouldn't take Asna long before she started talking again.

As he expected, Asna managed to stay silent for less than five minutes before firing a question.

'You still haven't anwsered my question. Why are you imprisoned here?'

'You won't believe me even if I told the truth.' Kronos replied.

'Hmm? Try me.'

'I don't remember.'

'Huh? What do you mean?' Asna was startled.

'I don't remember why I was imprisoned.' Kronos chuckled.

'...'

Asna wanted to call him a liar, but she realized that he had no reason to lie to her. He could easily not answer her.

'I know, I know, shocking, right? The guardian of space and time can't remember things.' Kronos smiled faintly as he murmured the last part, 'But, it's for my own good.'

'Your own good? How?' Asna kept pressing for answers.

'I have already told you, being a know-it-all all isn't pleasant.' Kronos smiled wryly, 'The things I know, the things I saw, not even the three rulers can fathom...'

'Huuh? How is that possible?' Asna was startled.

'You will soon come to understand that the truth about our universe isn't for the faint-hearted...' Kronos gazed into the nothingness, 'I have already erased my memory from it, but I can still feel the dread accompanying learning it...'

'But why? How can something be so shocking it scares you to forget it?' Asna failed to understand his thought process.

'Down in the future, you will be put in the same situation and you will understand what I meant.' Kronos chuckled in derision, seemingly knowledgeable about Asna's future.

This surprised Asna quite a bit. Before their slumber, Kronos seemed to have no idea around her or why she was imprisoned...Now, he was all knowledgable again?

'Don't be too surprised.' Kronos read her silence with a bitter smile, 'It's simply impossible to run from my vision forever...'

While he didn't explain much, Asna was smart enough to discern that he could not erase his memories forever. Most likely, his omnipotent vision started acting up after each long slumber, allowing him to see the past and the future again.

This ruined any chance of having his memories erased permanently, forcing him to keep doing it repeatedly. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

'Right now, do you remember everything or not?'

'I remember some, my vision is coming back to me.' Kronos yawned, 'That's why I don't like my slumber disturbed.'

Before Asna could add anything else, Kronos left one last remark, 'Don't lose yourself in the silence, a day will come when you will be freed.'

'Really?! I will get freed? When? Uncle? Tell me when and go back to sleep!'

Asna started yelling in the end, but no one was there to hear her out. Kronos had gone back to his slumber as quickly as he woke up, leaving Asna on her own.

Unbeknownst to Asna, this was the last conversation she was going to have with him on the imprisonment grounds...

***

Back to the present...

Felix and the tenants were left staring at each other in silence, trying their best to digest the new information.

Asna didn't want to make them feel bad for her, so she avoided showing them the horrible times she spent on the imprisonment grounds and the many, many mental breakdowns.

"You are assuming that his memories were erased when he saved us?" Felix inquired.

"I think so, otherwise, he might have left us on our own, knowing that I wouldn't have control over my life if we were to be reborn." Asna thought.

In her eyes, she might not have been close to Kronos and they barely talked to each other, but still, she believed he wouldn't want to imprison her within Felix if he were to recall his time with her.

"I see, makes sense." Felix nodded in understanding.

"What around the reality he spoke about?" Felix recalled, "Is he talking about my identity? It can't be, he stated it's not for the faint-hearted. As much as my truth is quite shocking, I don't think it's enough to cause that much fear in him to the point he willingly erased his memories to forget it."

"I think so too." Asna nodded, "He also stated that I will meet the same fate, which made me comprehend that he was addressing this very day. Thus, he must be implying another truth, something no one but him seems to know."

"A much more terrifying truth..." Felix murmured, "Is it related to the reason why the old universe's consciousness did what he did?"