Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1812 I Have To Kill You.

1812 I Have To Kill You.

"What do big sis, elder J?rmungandr, and that old bastard think?" Asna interrupted with a nostalgic tone, seemingly missing his masters' presence.

"Ask them yourself." Felix smiled as he shared a spiritual screen linked with his wisp, showing all the tenants within her core.

Before Asna could be happy after seeing some familiar faces, her eyes zoned in on Lilith's breathtaking seductive beauty...For once in her life, Asna felt her beauty threatened by someone else.

Felix immediately picked up on Asna's sudden change in the aura and knew who was the culprit.

"That's Lilith, the old Paragon of Sins, and the b*tch who played me to give her access to your core." Felix uttered coldly.

"Is that so?"

Asna's expression turned icy as she gazed straight into Lilith's eyes. She didn't need an explanation to consider Lilith as an enemy...Felix's words were enough.

"How desperate do you need to be to downgrade yourself from a unigin to a parasite living in other people's hearts." Asna taunted with her usual uncaring tone.

"For freedom, there is no price." Lilith chuckled, "I thought you would understand this better than anyone else."

"Understanding is one thing and forcefully invading my core is another," Asna warned with an icy glare, "Now, will you excuse yourself politely or do I need to make myself 'clearer'?"

'Wait, does Miss Asna have the ability to kick her off?' Candace wondered in surprise.

'It shouldn't be possible...' Lady Sphinx replied, 'She is in a mere dream and she has her powers sealed by the three rulers. I doubt she has any control over her core even if she gazed straight at it.'

"I'm quite enjoying my stay here. If you want me gone, you have to make me. Oh wait, you can't."

As expected, Lilith smirked in amusement at Asna, knowing that she was powerless in her current situation.

Asna's expression turned for the worse, hating this feeling of powerlessness. To watch her own heart be occupied without the ability to stop it was another level of disrespect.

"It's okay Asna, her days are limited." Felix sneered, "The day I rescue you is the day she will see hell for the first time."

"Oh, I don't know about that." Lilith chuckled but didn't bother to elaborate.

'What does she mean by this? Is she bluffing? Or does she really have a way to ensure her safety even with Asna being involved?'

This arrogance about her safety being ensured at all times was always causing Felix considerable anxiety.

"I don't know where are you getting your confidence from, but the moment you touched Felix, your fate was sealed to damnation." Asna uttered indifferently, "I will see through it even if it's the last thing I do."

"Can't wait." Lilith smiled widely, still unbothered.

Realizing that talking to her was a waste of time, Asna and Felix ignored her and returned to their previous subject. Of course, he was explaining the whole situation with Lilith from A to Z telepathically.

On the outside, Asna finally focused on her old roommates in Felix's mind.

"I missed you guys, you have no idea," Asna said with a frustrated tone, "I never realized how lonely and boring it is without your company."

"We also missed you, little one." J?rmungandr smiled, "Even with this many new tenants, it was never as rowdy and lively when you were here."

"Are you calling me noisy?" Asna narrowed her eyes.

"Most definitely." Thor laughed, unbothered by Asna's annoyed expression.

"How are you holding up?" Lady Sphinx questioned with a serious tone.

"I really don't know, I can feel that my soul has already recovered." Asna remarked with a confused look, "I don't know why I continued slumbering, but I should have woken up a long while ago."

"That's not too assuring." Felix frowned, realizing that his decision to commit to the plan should have happened a long time ago.

If it wasn't for Asna somehow still choosing to be asleep subconsciously, everything would have been ruined.

"Whether it's a lucky break or you enjoyed your dream a bit too much, it's great that we could meet again." Felix soon sighed, "Unfortunately, it won't be for a while. My soul is still being reborn and I can lose control over my laws anytime during the process. So, let's deal with the important stuff first in case we aren't so lucky anymore."

Felix had no problems with energy or such, but more so with the connection to the mark. He understood that the rebirth process of the soul would affect his wisp during certain checkpoints.

He had no idea how and when it would happen. But, when it happened, he would lose connection with the mark and he wouldn't be able to establish it back again. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

It was one of the limitations of the Dream Slave Mark technique. It allowed him to control anyone through the slave mark in their dreams as long as the connection wasn't severed.

In this case, it could be severed either from his side or through the target waking up.

It might seem useless, but in reality, Felix could make the slave do all sorts of things the moment he woke up, similar to a dream brainwash.

The most terrifying part, he wouldn't even know the difference!

"What kind of staff?" Asna said with a optimistic tone, "Does it have any relation to getting me out of the universe's heart dimension?"

"Weeell..." Felix scratched his head embarrassedly.

"I see, this is good enough for me." Asna chuckled again, not wanting to upset Felix.

"It's not like that." Felix waved his head, "I do have an idea in mind, but it's a bit too crazy and the chances of it succeeding are slim to none."

"Oh? You had me at an idea." Asna leaned closer with an thrilled expression, uncaring about the rest of the sentence.

She had witnessed and participated in too many crazy ideas of her lover to feel scared or worried.

"You do have an idea?"

"What is it?"

"How come you never uttered it with us."

It turned out, Thor and the rest of the tenants were also ignorant about it.

"There is no point in sharing it without Asna approving it first," Felix said.

"What is it then? I thought it was impossible to rescue her with just the mark?" Candace wondered.

"My plan is really simple." Felix paused for a moment and then coughed out the words, "I suggest you let me kill you."

"..."

"..."

"..."

Surprise, surprise, the tenants were left stunned speechless. On the other hand, Asna's eyes widened in delight.

"You imply it's possible for you to kill me?"

"I don't know, as I said, it's just an idea."

"I am down!"

"Chill a little..."

"I have nothing to lose, you might as well give it a go."

"..."

This time, it was Felix's turn to be speechless at Asna's eagerness to commit to his horrendous idea.

"What's going on here?" Candace tilted her head in confusion, "How does killing Asna free her?"

"Think about it thoroughly." Lord Marduk rubbed his beard, "If Asna's soul were to die, where do you think her new soul will be reborn?"

"Aaaaaah!!"

When it was put like this, everyone managed to figure out the whole jest of the plan. Felix wanted to use his slave mark to attempt to destroy Asna's soul, knowing that it would be reborn inside her core...He was already in possession of it!