Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1813 Born For Each Other.

1813 Born For Each Other.

"Will it be possible with Asna's soul being sealed and under the three rulers' eyes?" Elder Kraken inquired, "Also, won't Asna's immunites act up and stop you from harming her automatically? I don't even know how the mark worked on her in the first place when she is immune to all laws."

Elder Kraken wasn't the only one confused by this. Asna was considered a true celestial with immunities to all laws and elements just like the three rulers.

Yet, Felix was able to put the slave mark inside her dreams, which shouldn't have been possible.

Felix also had misgivings about his strategy failing due to Asna's immunities. He wouldn't have gone for it if it wasn't for Lilith assuring him that it would succeed.

As for trusting her words? Well, at that point, he really had no other option if he wanted to establish communications with Asna.

While Elder Kraken's question was directed at Felix, in reality, everyone turned to Lilith, seeking her opinion.

"Insult me and then ask for my assistance, the nerve of you people never fails to amaze me." Lilith snickered in mockery.

Realizing that she had no intentions of helping them out, no one bothered to give her attention anymore.

"Since my mark worked, I believe it will affect her still." Felix held his chin thoughtfully, "With the kind of knowledge we have now, I am somewhat certain that all of my laws can affect Asna since I am the original owner of all seven celestial hearts."

"Lilith most likely knew about your true identity somehow." Thor nodded.

"Most likely." Felix thought the same.

While this made the most sense, it invoked many other unexplainable questions. For example, Lilith was planning for this billions of years ago, even her banishment might have been a part of it.

This meant she had another source of information unrelated to future visions or wishes. After all, there was a blockage placed in matters related to the prophecy tablet, making it impossible for even the three rulers to gaze into the future.

This made Felix and many other tenants believe that Lilith's source of information might have been the stone of reality itself!

After all, they were told that Lilith was the only one who was close enough to touch the stone of reality.

What if she had touched it and kept it to herself? What if she touched it and received a vision showing her all the details she needed to kickstart her plan?

Such questions coursed through the tenants' minds, but no one said anything out loud. They knew Lilith would never confirm or share what she had seen.

"Wait a second, if your laws can work on the celestials, then, why are the three rulers still immune to you?" Candace wondered after recalling Felix's battle against Amun-Ra.

"I don't know if it's right, but I believe that possessing Asna's core must have been a big part of it," Felix responded.

"True, while you still can't actively control it to perfection, possessing it should be enough to help you bypass Asna's immunites since it considered both of you as its owners."

"Both of us as owners...It's still weird." Asna smiled wryly, "Why does it make our relationship feel wrong?"

As much as she tried to ignore the massive elephant in the room, it was nearly impossible. The fact that Asna's core belonged to one of Felix's seven celestials might imply either directly or indirectly an incest relationship.

"I also felt the same at the start, but then, I started thinking more thoroughly about it and realized that there is nothing incorrect with it." Felix smiled faintly, seemingly unbothered by the subject.

"How come?" Asna tilted her head in confusion.

In her eyes, she couldn't care less about the implications or morality of their relationship as they were considered both cosmic gods. Still, she wanted to hear his explanation.

"I am embodying the universe's consciousness, holding within me seven celestial hearts. Each is a repository of vast cosmic power and a pillar to the universe's structure as a whole."

Felix clarified his way of seeing their relationship with a composed tone.

"These hearts are not offspring nor familial extensions of me, but rather manifestations of the universe's diverse aspects. Think of it like rays of light split from a prism; each carrying a different wavelength yet originating from the same source."

Felix pointed his finger at Asna and continued.

"You emerged from one of these celestial hearts, representing a self-aware manifestation of one of these universal pillars. Your consciousness, while originating from the universe, is an independent and autonomous entity. You did not 'descend' from myself in a familial sense but were instead 'expressed' or manifested from the universal regulations you embody."

"I see..." Asna nodded in understanding and carried for him, "What you mean is that our connection is not one of kinship but one of kinship between two distinct, individual natures who share a deep, intrinsic connection to the universe. It's a partnership, each with their own autonomy and self, yet deeply entangled by our origin."

"Exactly." Felix chuckled, "In a sense, this makes our connection more romantic than ever as it means we were born for each other."

"And found each other somehow, someway; our souls merged akin to a perfect jigsaw puzzle." Asna smiled lovingly.

When the perspective was changed to this, it was nearly impossible to view their connection as incest anymore as the term lost its power due to their unique situation.

There was no blood relation, no familiar relation, no kinship relation.

Two autonomous entities were born from the same origin; an origin representing the entire universe as a whole.

"You guys are thinking too much about this." Thor cleaned his teeth carelessly, "Who cares about incest or such bullsh*t? If we did, the universe would have been empty by now."

Truly, most of the primogenitors and unigins couldn't care less about it. In their eyes, they were so high up on the social ladder, that such a societal concept didn't affect them.

But in Felix's case? It did initially since he was born a human and lived amongst them until his persona shaped up on their beliefs.

"Alright, I think this is enough, I have no interest in listening to Thor's freaky stories." J?rmungandr swiftly brought back their original subject, "Focus, how can you kill Asna quick enough before the three rulers could notice her soul's destruction."

While they no longer worried about whether the slave mark would function on her or not, the three rulers weren't dolls placed for a show.

The moment any sort of irregularity would be picked up on Asna's soul, they would intervene instantly.

"That's one of the dilemmas I am facing." Felix frowned.

Felix knew that pulling a fast one on the three rulers wasn't a recurring theme. He had already angered them with his rescue attempt and the losses he caused. Now, their vigilance had risen to the limit and they wouldn't permit even a fly to enter Asna's mansion unnoticed.

"A unigin's soul explosion usually takes a very short while, less than a split second." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "In the three rulers' case, that's enough time to interrupt your attempt ten times."Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com