Chapter 1814 Made Up Her Mind.

1814 Made Up Her Mind.

"Is there any way to hasten the process?" Candace wondered.

"Not that we know of." Lord Loki shook his head.

Soul implosion was a last-ditch attempt to take down an enemy after realizing that survival wasn't an option any longer. Thus, who would bother to perfect the technique when the result was the same?

Also, the soul-implosion speed was already fast enough it made it near impossible to evade it in time.

"No matter how much I thought about it, I don't think it's going to work." Cyclope warned with a solemn tone, "The three rulers will most definitely stop it in time and when that happens, they might put Asna in hellish torture as a punishment. They were already merciful enough after everything that happened and left her untouched. If she were to push their buttons, they might not be as gentle anymore."

"..." Felix was left in silence.

He realized that he was right...The three rulers never abused Asna even after she broke the seal and caused herself a massive backlash. If she were to try the same again, there was no way they would leave her unpunished.

In fact, he might even push them to finally consider using torture as a way to bring him out. They never bothered to go for it as they considered it beneath them, but if he were to keep pushing their buttons, no one knew what would be their next action.

Felix soon broke into a wry smile, seemingly about to give up on the plan altogether. However, just as he was about to mention it, Asna gave him a stern glare.

"Don't even think about it."

"Asna..."

"I said don't."

"I am sorry, but it's too much of a risk." Felix sighed deeply, "I wouldn't have cared if I suffered the consequences, but I can't have you get tortured by them."

"I am already struggling with the idea of you being imprisoned, I don't think I can handle the thought of you getting tormented day by day, night by night..."

"He is right, little one." J?rmungandr said with a hardened look, "It would be a million times harder to plan for your rescue if we knew you were being tortured."

"It will most definitely drive him insane and force him to make a foolish decision." Thor nodded, "You know what I mean."

He didn't need to specify for everyone to understand that Felix would most definitely target the three rulers the moment his soul was revived...Even if he was clearly not ready to handle one of them.

The rest of the tenants chimed in support too, not one of them backing the plan. Asna stayed silent and listened to their ruckus with an expressionless face.

When Felix and the others noticed this, they knew that it would take much more to convince her to drop it.

Before they could add anything else, Asna opened her mouth.

"I am fully aware of the dangers, and I do not underestimate the cruelty of the rulers or the severity of what they might inflict upon me. But you must understand; I have endured isolation in a void for twenty million years. Twenty million years of loneliness, silence, and darkness that tested not just my physical endurance but my very spirit."

"Physical pain, spiritual anguish? I have faced them all. And each time, I have emerged stronger. Torture, no matter how severe, is something I can withstand. It is temporary, it passes. But the eternity of solitude I experienced is something far beyond the torments they can push into me."

"Now, do you understand the lengths I will go to for the sake of my freedom?" Asna stared at them indifferently, "This isn't a conversation or a debate. If there is a way to free me from their clutches, I don't care if it has a 0.0001% chance or not, I will take it."

"Asna..." Felix showed a bitter smile, "You are making me regret bringing this matter in the first place."

"Felix, you know me better than anyone." Asna dropped the cold persona and smiled at him, "Whatever happens, I will never blame you or have any regrets."

"I know, but I will blame myself, I will have regrets." Felix sighed.

"Then, we better start cracking a great way to attack this." Asna chuckled.

Felix and the tenants came to understand that Asna had already made up her mind and nothing was going to change it.

While Felix could ignore her and just not commit to the plan, he understood that would crash her even harder.

With such horrible options before him, all Felix could do was work on the plan to the best of his ability and pray for the best...

***

Meanwhile, in the dark realm mirroring the quantum realm, Apollo's alter ego, the Lord of the Dark, sat upon his pitch-black throne.

As usual, he was surrounded by an infinite army of darkness creatures, their gleaming red eyes were the only source of light in the area.

Apollo was cloaked in a flowing robe of shifting shadows that seemed to ripple with a life of their own. His fingers drummed rhythmically on the arm of his throne, each tap sending ripples of dark energy throughout the silent void.

'Hmmm?'

Suddenly, his keen senses detected a faint anomaly. A slight spatial disturbance at a distance caught his attention. His head turned sharply, his gaze piercing through the darkness to focus on a distant point in the vast void.

There, a tiny spatial crack had begun to emerge...The moment his eyes landed on it, a slow, sinister smile spread across Apollo's face.

'Soon, much sooner than anticipated,' Apollo murmured, 'I thought it would take four millennia. But now, it shouldn't even take a millennia.'

'What caused the change? For all of its randomness, the quantum realm still follows some rules.' Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Apollo's alter ego refused to believe in luck or coincidence even in the quantum realm. His reaction appeared understandable. The rift linking his territory to the quantum realm opened up every five thousand years exactly for as long as he could remember.

'I will seek solutions later, for now.' Apollo rose from his throne and commanded with a cold tone,"Gather the legions. We march as soon as the rift opens. This realm will soon expand, and a new conquest begins."

The dark army stretching to infinity roared in response, their crimson eyes' casting a brilliant sinister shimmer across the empty landscape.

Gazing at his infinite army of absolute killers, Apollo's stare suddenly turned colder.

'Daring to keep my wisp dormant after everything I have done for you? If you contemplate you will be able to escape from me, you must be out of your goddamn mind.'

In a sense, Apollo's darkside had some right in his anger. Ever since the light side Apollo sacrificed himself in the library, Apollo's dark side lost the connection with the ongoings in the tower.

He had tried many times to awaken the dormant wisp inside Felix's mind, but he appeared met with resistance.

This crafted him comprehend that Felix refused to establish contact with him.

Thus, he might have received information from his moles outside of the rift about the destruction of the tower, but he had no idea what happened to Felix or the unigins.

'Those black flames, they are the final key to my puzzle, they are the path to my dream, I can feel it, I know it.' Apollo's darkside uttered with a hint of madness in his eyes, 'Nothing will stop me from having them even if it means enslaving you.'

'Just you wait, I am coming, and I will make you pay for your betrayal...'