Chapter 1815 An Unprecedented Gathering.

1815 An Unprecedented Gathering.

Felix knew about Apollo's dormant wisp within him and he even brought it with him inside Asna's core.

He refused to wake him up because he understood that Apollo's darkside could not be trusted. While he had helped him out many times, he didn't do it out of the kindness of his heart.

He wanted something from him and Felix had no interest in playing along unless he was comfortable with his requests. Thus, he planned on keeping his wisp dormant until he was strong and comfortable enough to meet him.

Even if he knew his attitude had caused Apollo's darkside to assume his betrayal, Felix would still have done the same.

Right now, all he was focusing on was catching up with Asna, perfecting the plan to kill her, and reviving his soul.

Meanwhile, Quantix Prime, Commander Bia, Darkin, and the rest of the Vibronxian Empire's troops had long embarked on their journey towards the Echoing Tower's ruins.

Commander Bia didn't dare come close to Felix's location, knowing she was still not in the clear...As long as Quantix Prime was nearby, she planned on keeping Felix away.

Good thing she thought like this as Quantix Prime's shadow was keeping a close eye on every little action she made.

***

A couple of months later...

In the shattered remains of the Echoing Tower and the expanding realities surrounding it, all acknowledged fifty nations in the quantum realm had converged with their full armies.

Even the infamous mercenary squads arrived in time, seeking riches regardless of the risks involved.

It was an unprecedented assembly that had never happened before, bringing together almost the entire intelligent population of the quantum realm in one place. At least, the ones known to the public.

Quantix Prime and his troops had placed their camp inside a massive forest with trees made out of black bones.

The camp was built with the strongest material as the royal guards were able to transform quantum energy into their desired target through their vibration manipulation.

Inside a giant fortress, Quantix Prime, Commander Bia, and the rest of the commanders gathered around a vibrational map.

It was created out of frequencies, each frequency responsible for a color. At first sight, this chart resembled the realities surrounding the tower's ruins, placing it at its center.

There were many red marks, blue marks, and green marks situated all over the map. Red implied enemies, blue indicated allies, and green represented neutral parties, such as mercenaries or nations they had no bone to pick.

"Xylos and his people were seen camping at the northern side of the battlefield, occupying the crimson desert of lilies. I am certain they will start cleaning the place bit by bit until they reach the center."

Commander Bia initiated the strategic discussion as she looked at the other commanders.

"We are occupying the forest of bones at the south side. This means we will meet them at the center unless we decide to target them preemptively."

"As much as I enjoy slaying those brain-damaged f*ckers, I do think it's too soon to make a move." Commander Tycho Krell replied with a tint of contained bloodlust in his voice.

He resembled Dankin greatly besides the fact he was much burlier and taller than him, giving him a commanding presence that filled the room.

While Commander Bia was responsible for the royal guards, he was commanding the main troops of the empire...Thus, his position was more or less equal to hers.

"Agreed, the realities are expanding at a freighting rate with their dangers. Let's clean the forest of bones from treasures as we wait for the nations to get decimated by the tower's threats." The Chief Advisor, Vibra, uttered with a serene tone.

Unlike the rest of the commanders, she didn't wear silver armor. She had a mysterious white robe with blue lines, which seemed to be flowing with her gentle voice.

She was considered the right arm of the emperor, usually observing from the backroom and coming up with the most fitting plans. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The only reason she hadn't attended Commander Bia's briefing was due to handling some of the emperor's duties outside of the city.

The rest of the captains and high governmental civils agreed with the chief, showing their support for a patience and peaceful approach to this mission.

"The stone of reality is the ultimate goal and all the nations will fight tooth and nail for it." Quantix Prime uttered calmly, "Ensure we have eyes inside every army in case they find it. Besides this, go strong on collecting the treasures and make sure to minimize the losses. Also, place a heavy bounty on the stone of reality to entice the mercenaries."

"My thoughts exactly."

Commander Bia and the others approved of the order, starting right away to make it happen.

Boom...Thud...!

Meanwhile, noisy skirmishes could be heard from a distance, breaking out on the peripheries as rival factions clashed over territory and access routes to the center.

Not every nation was powerful enough to occupy an entire reality and protect it. The weak nations were forced to either ally together or kickstart battle to establish their presence on the battlefield.

Uncaring about the noisy conflicts occurring across the battlefield, Commander Tycho Krell led the troops to start mopping the forest of bones clean out of anything of value.

On the other side of the battlefield, more specifically, the northern side, Entropy Master Xylos just had a similar conversation with his people.

They were also inside a fortified fortress, sitting around a massive chaotic map.

The Supreme Leader of the ChaosiansXylos resembled a bigger version of Prince Malakar, appearing as a constantly shifting mass of dark and light patches. This might be the reason he was called Entropy Master.

He seemed quite enigmatic and unforgiving as he gazed at his subordinates.

"Finding the stone of reality is a must, but don't forget to get me the b*tch who possessed my son." He uttered coldly, "I will show her the true terror of chaos."

His subordinates gave him head nods with solemn expressions, seemingly taking Prince Malakar's death quite seriously.

If he died a normal death in the tower, they wouldn't have cared. But, after hearing from the survivors that he was possessed by a weird foreigner, who could control chaos too, they couldn't just let it go...Especially, when they were the only known intelligent chaos users in the quantum realm.

"Get going, clear out the wasteland and everyone daring to step in it."

With that order, the Chaosians' leaders saluted and kicked off their mission.

One could only wonder what would their reaction be if they found out that both the stone of reality and Eris were nowhere near the tower...

***

Years went by and before long, close to half a millennium was concluded...

While five hundred years in the quantum realm was almost as negligible as a mere second, many things had occurred in it.

Starting with the situation near the tower's ruins. The worlds continued expanding nonstop regardless of the ongoing conflicts across.

The entire battlefield turned into a slaughterhouse, where anyone could drop dead at first sight by another party.

It was truly a free-for-all and the only way to survive staying inside the worlds was to build strong alliances.