Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1816 Planting Vulnerabilities!

﻿﻿1816 Planting Vulnerabilities!

This was exactly what most nations did to defend themselves against the big vultures. The Vibronoxian Empire allied with just The Chronowalkers Nation while The Chaosians remained alone.

Meanwhile, the rest of the nations created mega alliances with five nations+ in each one. Only then were they able to defend a territory and continue with their search.

While this mayhem was ongoing, Felix and Asna found themselves immersed in an idyllic setting far removed from the relentless turmoil.

Each day, they awoke to the soft glow of dawn, the air fresh with the scent of blooming flowers.

Mornings were spent wandering hand-in-hand through the meadows, enjoying their time together just like any average couple...

Afternoons were for leisure and hanging out with the tenants while the nights were reserved for some alone time.

Asna even seemed comfortable with the thought of giving her first time inside the dream, knowing that they might not get another chance together.

This time, Felix was the one refusing it...He told her that they had already waited too long to do it, they might as well continue waiting until the right time arrives.

At the moment, Felix understood he would not enjoy it while Asna was still captured on the other side.

Since they already decided their first time was going to be with their real bodies, he was going to make it happen no matter what it took.

As Felix and Asna were lying on the grass, her head resting on his arm, he turned his head to her and said, "I think it's time to add another vulnerability."

"Is this what was going in your mind even when having a beauty lying on your arm?" Asna rolled her eyes at him.

"Time is time, we have to get this over with before my soul's rebirth reaches critical a junction. Otherwise, I will cancel the whole thing." Felix gave her a stern gaze.

"Fine." Asna pouted.

"How many did you place by now?" Thor asked casually while eating sunflower seeds.

"About one million and three hundred thousand and some spare change," Felix replied.

"You are getting closer to the predicted number." Elder Kraken encouraged, "Just make sure to always be careful, a slight mistake, and the whole operation will blow out."

"I know." Felix nodded with a serious expression.

In the past century, Felix and the tenants came up with a plan to enhance the soul implosion, accelerating its speed to the point it happened instantaneously. To be honest, it was solely through Elder Kraken's effort and genius at work with matters related to the soul.

It was believed it would reduce the time from a split second to a picosecond, which was one-trillionth of a second!

Not even the three rulers could react that fast and stop it!

However, such a strategy required immense focus and also had its fair share of risk.

It was understandable as Felix was required tocarefully introduce small vulnerabilities into Asna's soul.

Each vulnerability was extremely small, barely noticeable by even the target.

It was like punctuating a tiny, tiny hole with a needle in a piece of cloth...The integrity of the cloth would still be the same, unaffected, but the hole would be there.

"Are you ready?" Felix inquired gently, his voice barely louder than the rustle of leaves around them.

"Go for it." Asna nodded.

Felix took a deep breath and extended his hands, palms facing each other as he concentrated deeply.

Between his hands, a soft, ethereal light began to combine, gradually taking form. The light gleamed and shifted, manifesting into a delicate, translucent figure.

A perfect, humanoid replica of Asna's soul!

The figure was serene, its features exquisitely detailed and glowing with an inner light. Usually, the soul resembled a spherical barrier, where the consciousness resided.

But, for the sake of planting those vulnerabilities in the right spots, Felix had to envision Asna's soul like this.

This was all based on Elder Kraken's soul research, knowing that all the souls he experimented with were identical in terms of vulnerabilities.

Of course, he had no clue if a unigin's soul would be the same or not, but all they could do was give it a try...Either this or explode the soul normally.

Very carefully, Felix raised his index finger, which glowed faintly with a silvery light.

With a steady hand, Felix softly touched the figure, right at the center of where its heart would be.

At the contact, a tiny hole appeared in the humanoid soul's surface, a minuscule puncture that seemed to draw in the surrounding light.

Felix maintained the opening, ensuring it was just the right size, not too large to cause harm or get noticed, but sufficient to serve as a strategic vulnerability.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

With a final, delicate maneuver, Felix sealed the process, ensuring that the hole stayed open yet stable.

After all, Asna's soul recovery was on a god-like level, causing such holes to be healed in the blink of an eye. Thus, before he took on the planting process, Felix made sure to rely on his slave mark and disable Asna's soul recovery.

As mentioned before, this technique could seem useless, but its true potency was hidden in the fact it could work perfectly on even unigins!

However, it was still useless since it was nearly impossible for any unigin to allow it to exist within them.

"We still need a couple hundred thousand more before your entire soul is covered in vulnerabilities, a mere touch will be enough to shatter it to pieces in an instant,"

Felix remarked as he gazed at the countless red dots on her skin, covering her soul from head to toe.

While this many vulnerabilities could seem like a lot, in reality, Asna's soul seemed as perfect as ever. In addition, Felix made sure to hide their presence by ordering Asna's soul through the mark.

Ever since the first vulnerability was placed and no one made a move against Asna, everyone thought that it worked against the three rulers' impeccable detection skills.

In their eyes, there was no reason to let them continue putting more vulnerabilities if they were found out.

Alas, they still underestimated the three rulers' seriousness and increased vigilance...

***

Inside the Universe's Heart dimensional pocket...

The three rulers could be seen staring at Asna's soul with a penetrative gaze akin to hawks zooming on prey.

Those tiny invisible vulnerabilities hidden within Asna's soul, were akin to beacons in their eyes, each a deliberate flaw woven into her spiritual fabric.

"These imperfections...They aren't natural." the first ruler intoned calmly.

"Yes, crafted with great precision." The second added, her voice gentle and harmonic, "They resemble fractures within a gemstone, visible only to those who know where to look."

"Interesting, it seems like that little bastard still has a card in his sleeve," Amun-Ra uttered coldly.

It didn't carry them a nanosecond to figure out that Felix had something to do with this as he was the last one interacting with Asna besides them.

Since there was a huge time difference between the quantum realm and the other realms, while Felix spent five hundred years to put those vulnerabilities, they appeared akin to pimples bursting instantaneously on someone's face.

Soon, they communicated silently among themselves, a conversation beyond words, contemplating the delicate balance of power that these vulnerabilities represented.

"It seems the day has come as prophecized." The first ruler uttered indifferently, "Her core will come to us on its own."