Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1817 The Second Ruler.

﻿﻿1817 The Second Ruler.

"Will you do the honors?" Amun-Ra turned to gaze at the second ruler and uttered her name emotionlessly, "Medusa?"

"Have I not told you to not use my name?"

The second ruler's usual gentle voice turned sinister as the light around her started to dim away.

From the heart of this radiant vortex, her figure began to emerge. She appeared gradually, her form taking shape from the light as if sculpted by the hands of divinity itself.

Her presence was so majestic and terrifying that it seemed to bend the very fabric of reality around her.

As she floated in the direction of Asna's mansion, the light continued fading around her, exposing more and more of her breathtaking appearence.

Her appearance was both enchanting and intimidating, designed to captivate and command attention from all who dared gaze upon her.

Her hair was made out of a sea of snakes, each one slender, agile, and possessed scales glinting with deep emerald greens to rich, dark blues.

The snakes moved with an eerie grace, coiling and uncoiling smoothly around one another, hissing softly in a constant whisper.

Her eyebrows were arched perfectly, adding a regal and somewhat stern expression to her visage.

They were thick and dark, contrasting sharply with her pale, almost luminescent skin. Beneath these commanding brows were her eyes, the most striking feature of her face.

The irises were a deep, vivid green that mimicked the hue of her serpentine hair, with specks of gold that danced like captured stars within them. These eyes could shift from a warm, seductive gaze to a cold, petrifying stare in an instant.

She wore a stunning black gown that seemed to be woven from the night sky itself, clinging to her form, highlighting her seductive curves.

She could be said to be the only one to rival both Asna and Lilith in beauty and seduction; a deadly combination capable of petrifying any commoner gazing at her.

After approaching Asna's slumbering body, she detached a serpent from her head with a gentle tug.

The creature hissed softly, its body coiling elegantly around her arm as it adjusted to being singled out.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Medusa's lips curved into a slight, enigmatic smile as she whispered to the serpent, using words meant only for the serpent's ears.

Then, she sent the serpent towards Asna's forehead, phasing through the air, its body dissolving into a spectral form.

Without an ounce of resistance,it penetrated her being as effortlessly as a ghost passing through a mist, entering her mind like a whisper in a dream.

Once inside, it coiled discreetly, nestling itself on the surface of Asna's soul, invisible and undetectable.

But, this was just the beginning...

With the snake linked to Asna's soul, it acted as an invisible bridge between Medusa and Asna's mind, giving her access to her consciousness and subconsciousness!

With such access, Medusa was able to invade Asna's dream as a mere snake without any resistance or getting noticed.

The snake seemed to be covered in a hazy golden hue as it slithered through the grass field of Felix's mansion.

'Good, she is using specialized divinity, Perfect Obscuration.'

Amun-Ra commanded as he watched the ongoings through the snake's eyes. Medusa made sure to share her vision with them.

'There is no more room for mistakes or failures.' The first ruler narrowed his eyes.

The three rulers were always known to be stingy with the consumption of their celestial energy for the sake of gathering enough to brute force the universe's heart.

This stinginess could be said to have caused this entire situation to develop into this state.

But no more...From now onward, the three rulers weren't going to hold back at the slightest with matters related to Felix, having no interest in giving him any more room for growth.

Using specialized divinities was just the beginning.

As for their meaning? Well, very few unigins always mentioned that the three rulers' true strength was too horrifying and unimaginable...Their infinite growth potential was only a mere part of it.

Specialized divinities were their true weapons as they allowed them toelevate certain abilities or concepts to their perfect forms by embodying them as divinities.

This process involved infusing these abilities with celestial energy in a matter that refined and purified them until they achieved a state of perfection.

Unlike resplendent divinity which had an enhancing effect of x100, the power of specialized divinites granted these abilities autonomy and a specific domain of influence.

In simpler terms, they were the final and perfect form of ability and not even a unigin could contest or steal control of those abilities. It didn't matter if the laws used were ordered by them since divinities were the domain of celestials!

As for the known four divinities? They were the standardized versions handed to unigins and mortals while the three rulers kept the real threat for themselves.

The only issue with those specialized divinities was the price of celestial energy needed to pay for their creation.

In this case, Perfect Obscuration consumed quite a decent margin of Medusa's supply, but she wasn't too bothered.

Her snake was absolutely undetectable even when considering that it was inside Asna's dream and under the watchful eyes of The Paragon of Sins.

'The only way to spot her invasion is through using another specialized detection divinity.' Amun-Ra sneered, 'These children don't even know what it means.'

He was correct...Neither Asna nor Felix knew about the existence of the three rulers' specialized divinities.

In fact, not even the majority of the unigins understood about it since the three rulers were seldom pushed to use one of them in the open. Most likely, only the upper celestials had a faint idea about them.

It was clear that Lilith never bothered to share such crucial information with Felix while Eris was eliminated on the first day of joining Felix's side.

Felix planned originally on extracting information about the three rulers from Uranus, but he had no time in the tower...Now that he had some time, he lacked the powers with his soul being gone.

Thus, specialized divinities were still a foreign concept to him and the three rulers would be damned if they weren't going to take full advantage of it.

Unbeknownst to the loving couple cuddling on the grass field, the small snake was making its stealthy approach through the grass.

As it reached the spot where Felix lay, it paused, sensing the deep connection that bound him to the dream and beyond.

Its tiny head lifted, swaying slightly as it assessed the invisible threads of believed and energy that wove through Felix's dream persona.

'Use spiritual attachment divinity and connect yourself with his memories, he is bound to bring them back.' Amun-Ra said.

'You want me to handle it, then watch in silence.' Medusa berated with an irritated voice.

Without hesitation, the snake launched itself into the air, phasing seamlessly into Felix's dream representation, still unnoticed!

The moment it went inside, the three rulers were faced with a world constructed of mere thoughts and emotions, across a long invisible straight thread heading to an abyss.

This was Felix's persona within Asna's dream...It was not a wisp or a consciousness. It was nothing but a collection of thoughts and emotions connected to the real consciousness outside with that invisible thread.

Asna was in the same case, which was the reason it was nearly impossible to bring Asna's dream persona back to her core or at least link them together.

It was the same as trying to hold into the air and linking it with something physical.

However, while it was impossible for them, the same couldn't be uttered about Ruler Medusa. She waved a finger and deployed Divine Spiritual Travel, a specialized divinity that allowed her snake to cross the connections of the mind and soul even within a dream!

The snake started its journey, slithering along the invisible thread that connected Felix's dream self to his consciousness wisp in the real world!