Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1818 Specialized Divinities.

1818 Specialized Divinities.

She decided to actively travel through the bridge instead of affixing herself with a thought or a memory and waiting for Felix to bring it back. Both ways worked, but hers was more proactive.

As it traveled, the snake's form blurred, becoming a streak of energy that moved with increasing speed through the intricate web of Felix's spiritual thread.

Finally, the snake reached the other side, emerging subtly into the spiritual realm of Felix's wisp...Yet, it still didn't stop.

Without an ounce of hesitation or fear, the snake lept outside of Felix's wisp and inside Asna's core!

The snake's red eyes gazed at the gathering of the tenants for a moment. Then, it ignored them and latched itself to the surface of Asna's core.

The entire transition was seamless, unnoticed by Felix, Asna, or any of the tenants!

Usually, Asna's core was unwelcoming to outsiders unless Felix approved of them first. That's why Lilith needed Felix's approval and manipulated him to obtain it.

But in this case, the snake entered the core through the backroom, using the dream and Felix's wisp as the guide, who was already inside the core.

If he wasn't inside of it and Medusa tried to do the same, she wouldn't have been able to pierce through its gates.

'What's this? Did he die?'

When the three rulers gazed around and noticed that everyone was held up in Asna's core, which wasn't attached to any soul, they couldn't help but raise an eyebrow in surprise.

'Wait, that's Eris' and Uranus' cores linked to him.' Medusa was a bit taken back, 'He succeeded in not just killing them, but even absorbing their cores? How?'

Due to the massive time difference between the realms and the impossibility of receiving information from the echoing tower, even the three rulers had no clue what was going on there. Their source of information was the unigins themselves down there.

With Demeter dead, Uranus gone, and Eris switching sides, no one was left to share the news with them...Besides Ares.

Clearly, Ares had no interest in reporting back akin to a lackey.

Thus, the three rulers were always under the belief that Felix's fate was sealed in the quantum realm and that it was just a matter of time before he got caught.

After all, they sent Ares after him, someone who could appear before Felix anytime he desired and end his circle...But now, they were left utterly confused.

'Is this Ares' doing?' Amun-Ra frowned, 'Why hasn't he told us anything?'

'Whether it's Ares or someone else, celestial energy is being consumed rapidly.' The first ruler responded calmly, 'Nest the snake somewhere and put it to sleep first.'

Medusa knew that this wasn't the time to be discussing this. So, she gathered as much information as possible and then placed the snake into a deep slumber.

In this way, the celestial energy devoured to maintain the specialized divinities would be reduced immensely.

After all, their plan was never to make an active move on Felix or Asna but to just plant this snake and wait for them to commit to their strategy.

With her partial withdrawal and loss of senses inside Asna's core, Medusa returned to the heavenly platforms and sat with her peers. Then, they continued their discussion.

"If it wasn't for your need to use the fairest possible amount of consciousness to reduce getting detected by Asna's core, we could have ended this farce right there," Amun-Ra said with an irked tone.

While Perfect Obscuration made sure they remained invisible from the eyes of Felix, Asna, and the rest, Asna's core was a different story. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

It had its own instincts and senses. If Medusa had used even 0.0000001% of her soul, it would have picked up on it immediately through the divine camouflage!

To be safe, they used the least possible amount, enough to just establish the connection, the rest of the plan would come along later on.

"No require to rush, everything will fall into place in due time." The first ruler said unconcernedly, "For now, we need to find out what happened down there."

"Let's reach out," Medusa said, having no intentions of wasting her time on empty speculations.

Without further ado, she called for the wisps of Eris, Uranus, and Ares. She didn't bother with Demeter's wisp as she knew that she was gone years ago.

Unfortunately, no one seemed to respond to their calls.

"It can't be? Were all of them taken out too?" Medusa was stunned, knowing that it was nearly impossible for Felix to get rid of Eris and Ares in his current state.

"He is strong, but not powerful enough to slay those two." The first ruler agreed calmly, "Something must have happened, either he brought them to his side or another faction intervened."

They ought to think like this when each upper celestial unigin had an unstoppable escape ability.

"His soul was also destroyed, which means, he also failed to survive it." Amun-Ra narrowed his eyes, "At the moment, he is like a sitting duck, anyone can capture him."

"Are you thinking what I am thinking?" Medusa turned her gaze to him.

"Yes." Amun-Ra uttered coldly as his eyes landed on the remaining unigins in the eternal kingdom.

A few moments later...

"Absolutely Not! I told you before that I have no interest in joining this conflict."

Aeolus' angered voice could be heard echoing within the dimensional pocket.

"Easy there, Aeo, let me take care of it." Athena intervened, holding him back from saying something he might regret later on.

"He has a point though..." Artemis remarked with a soft tone, "We told you before that we are out and you agreed on it. Why are you asking us now to go down there and bring you the paragon?"

This was exactly what the three rulers decided to do for the sake of obtaining information on what occurred to Felix and the others while also trying to find his remains if possible.

While they knew it would be extremely difficult to pull it off before Felix's soul recovered to full, it was still worth a shot.

"If it was up to us, we wouldn't ask either of you and would have gone down there on our own." Amun-Ra said coldly, "Unfortunately, we can't step out of the eternal kingdom without getting punished."

Indeed, the only reason the three rulers still relied on the unigins on this matter was due to this condition...If it was up to them, they wouldn't vacillate to pursue after Felix actively after his last transgression.

"Also, we have assured you that the paragon's soul has been destroyed, he is currently in recovery." Medusa tried to be the voice of reason, "It will be nothing but a simple pick-up mission. If you fail to find him or his soul has recovered, you are free to retreat to the kingdom. Your protection is guaranteed here."

Everything that the three rulers uttered was within reason and made them seem like they weren't asking for much.

But still...

"I don't like repeating myself." Aeolus gave them a cold gaze, "I have, no, interest, in, joining, this, conflict, ever."

Just as he tried to turn around and excuse himself from the meeting, the first ruler's cold voice resounded in his ears.

"It seems you little ones are mistaken about your authority."

Aeolus flinched, turning slowly to face the first ruler high above. He suddenly felt a cold chill course down his spine, realizing that maybe, just maybe, the three rulers were about to drop their polite guise.

As he expected, before he could open his mouth, the first ruler uttered with a bone-chilling voice, "This is no longer a request."