Chapter 1819 Showing Their Fangs.

1819 Showing Their Fangs.

"It seems we've been far too lenient, allowing our authority to be challenged by those who contribute nothing," Amun-Ra declared coldly, "That ends now."

Before the three unigins could react,Amun-Ra swept his scepter through the air, the space before him rippling like the surface of a disturbed pond.

From the disturbance emerged a structure, magnificent and intimidating; a divine cage crafted in the likeness of an ornate bird cage, its bars glowing with a golden luminescence, reflecting on the frozen widened pupils of Athena and the others.

"What's the meaning of this?" Athena narrowed her eyes while lifting her guard to the limit.

"Athena, you are smart enough to figure it out on your own," Medusa said.

The unigins' expressions turned for the worse, understanding that the three rulers no longer planned on maintaining the peace between them.

The three rulers never had complete control over the unigins and the only reason both parties respected each other's boundaries and authority was the lack of grounds for aggression.

The three rulers desired to reach the Other Side while the unigins were curious about it too, helping them whenever needed at their own desire.

Also, the three rulers' divinities were too good to pass on since it was the only way for them to grow stronger.

"You have gotten too comfortable in your territories, you failed to look around you." Amun-Ra sneered, "Your peers were cleaned out one by one while you were sitting here drinking tea with no care. Yet, you still think that you can continue living normally without committing to a side."

"I expected such naivety from Artemis or even Aeolus, but not you Athena." Medusa shook her head in disappointment.

"You think I didn't see things thoroughly?" Athena replied, gazing at them straight in the eyes with a defiant look.

She wasn't dumb to not realize that the situation might turn ugly for her at any given moment after the death and disappearance of her peers.

After all, the unigins' solidarity was the only thing holding the three rulers back, making them understand that if they acted against one of them for no apparent reason, even the upper unigins would not stand by. While they could take them all out, the price paid was too much to stomach.

However, after only three of them remained, such a threat was no longer there, leaving them vulnerable to the three rulers' mercy.

"The moment Demeter was eliminated, I realized that our fates were hanging on a thread." Athena shared, "I knew all along that not choosing a side was a risky gamble on its own. But, I placed my hopes on Eris, Uranus, and Ares to deal with the paragon, knowing that if they succeeded, this whole mess would be brought to a conclusion without us being affected."

"If they failed, which seemed nearly impossible at that time, we will be next on the list." Athena sighed, "I knew, I knew this would happen all along, but there wasn't any better alternative."

"From the get-go, no matter what we would have responded here, you were still going to choose an aggressive approach for the sake of extracting our cores."

"Am I wrong?" She asked, already knowing the answer.

"It seems I was mistaken about you, my apologies." Medusa smiled in approval, her disappointment fading away.

"So, she is right?"

Artemis and Aeolus' faces were engulfed in dread at the notion of the three rulers aiming for their cores. They avoided Felix at all costs to protect their cores, just to end up in the hands of the three rulers.

From the folds of his robe, Amun-Ra generated three smaller celestial cages...These sanctuaries were the same ones handed to them for the sake of capturing Asna's core.

"Place your cores within these sanctuaries," Amun-Ra ordered with a commanding tone, "Let us not increase to actions that would force you to witness the uglier sides of our divine natures."

"Don't worry, we have no interest in them." The first ruler said calmly, "We are keeping them safe just in case the paragon recovered his soul and turned against you."

The three rulers weren't stupid to send them with their cores, knowing that there was a big chance of either jumping ships or having their cores devoured by Felix.

In both cases, it wouldn't work well for them.

Thus, from the get-go, regardless of what the three unigins said, their cores were going to stay with them.

"Once you conclude your mission, we will hand your cores back," Medusa promised.

The three rulers kept speaking like they were certain that the unigins would hand over their cores willingly. Such confidence had its merits.

Aeolus and the others might seem angered by the whole situation, but none of them had any intention of fighting the three rulers inside this dimensional pocket. They knew their chances of conquering were absolutely zero!

In addition, the three rulers were immune to laws/elements while they owned the divinities...Thus, lower celestial unigins were more or less similar to mortals in their eyes!

As for escaping to the quantum realm or outside of the kingdom? It was already too late. The divine enclosure was a specialized lockdown ability, making it impossible to leave it through any means possible.

In fact, even if they wanted to leave earlier before the three rulers showed their fangs, it would still be impossible.

The divine golden gate was locked shut and the only way to open it up was through wasting a significant amount of celestial energy.

Meanwhile, diminishing until they enter the quantum realm would work, but if they decided to return to their original size, they would be dropped randomly inside the eternal kingdom.

That was regardless of their location in the quantum realm!

This was the reason the unigins never bothered to use the quantum realm as a way to leave the eternal kingdom. They knew that their return point would always be in the Eternal Kingdom.

In other words, unless Aeolus and the others decided to spend their entire lives hiding in the quantum realm, it was never a good choice to escape the conflict preemptively.

"I don't know about that dog Uranus, but I am sure Eris and Ares won't sit by and allow you to do this." Aeolus expressed coldly, "We might not be strong enough to handle you, but those two are capable of losing you a significant amount of celestial energy."

"Aeolus, enough." Athena sighed as she reached out to her chest and brought out her core, "Don't waste your breath...It's over."

Athena's core captured everyone's attention with its intricate half-gem, half-metal amalgam, having facets sparkling in a kaleidoscope of beautiful colors. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Athena..." Artemis was taken aback, not expecting her to give up so easily.

"They might not have said it, but it's clear that Ares, Eris, and Uranus have failed to deal with the paragon somehow." Athena remarked while pushing her core in the direction of the three rulers, "Since they called for us, it means we are the only ones left."

Amun-Ra captured Athena's core and imprisoned it in the celestial cage. His lips turned into a pleased smile, "If only all unigins were as understanding as you."

Before Artemis and Aeolus could react, Amun-Ra's smile turned cold again as he asked, "Are you going to follow her lead or are you planning to make this difficult?"