Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1820 A Search Party.

﻿﻿1820 A Search Party.

In the labyrinthine expanse of the quantum realm, Athena, Artemis, and Aeolus could be seen moving with cautious speed...Their expressions weren't of delight in the slightest.

Who could blame them? They were sent to the Quantum Realm without their cores, leaving them significantly weakened.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It was already tough for them to traverse its dangers even with their cores on them. After all, their laws didn't possess the best value in the quantum realm, leaving them quite limited in battles.

'Enough with the sulking, we have bestowed generous amounts of divinities, making you stronger than ever.'

Suddenly, Amun-Ra's irritated voice resounded in their minds after picking up on their negative energy.

The three rulers might not be able to put their wisps within anyone's minds due to the risks of being punished by the universe, they could still link their vision with theirs.

This time, they refused to be left out after even Ares had disappointed them.

'Against that monster who dealt with even Ares and Eris, I doubt it will help with anything.' Aeolus snorted.

'Complaining isn't helpful.' Athena remarked coldly, 'Focus, we have to reach the Vibronoxian Empire as quickly as possible.'

Athena led the trio towards the Vibronoxian Empire, knowing that it was the sole place, where they might find some leads.

They knew about it only because Demeter was constantly sending them updates. However, the moment she went inside the Echoing Tower, they lost contact with her...The last thing they heard was her death by the universe.

Fortunately, the three rulers were extremely knowledgeable about the quantum realm even though they never stepped inside of it.

Thus, the path towards the Vibronoxian Empire wasn't completely foreign to them.

...

While the three rulers knew some paths leading to the empire, Athena and the others still spent more than a decade traveling from one place to another until they arrived at the capital city, Quantaar.

The moment they went inside and snooped here and there, the number one news was related to the ongoing war between the fifty nations at the Echoing Tower's ruins.

When they asked some more, they were shocked to find out that the entire tower was destroyed and its realities had spread outside with its treasures, causing everyone to fight to bitter ends for them.

'The tower has been destroyed? How did this happen?' Amun-Ra frowned, 'It's impossible even if all unigins blew their souls together at its core.'

'Indeed, for such destruction to occur, it must be related to the stone of reality.' Medusa nodded, 'Maybe it has been blown by their battle?'

'No.' The first ruler remarked calmly, 'The stone of reality is a celestial entity on the same level as our hearts. Nothing can cause its destruction besides the universe.'

While the rulers weren't as informed about the stone of reality as Felix at the moment, they knew that only celestial entities on their level could stump the upper unigins.

Otherwise, they would have been enough to bring it back billions of years ago.

'Now, their death makes sense.' Amun-Ra disclosed, 'They must have gotten caught in the explosion.'

The other rulers nodded in agreement, understanding that Ares' death shouldn't have occurred unless with the intervention of something celestial.

'Athena, head to the battlefield's location.' The first ruler ordered.

'I know.'

Athena took off with the others straight to the echoing tower's location, not bothering to spend a single day in the capital.

She had the same assessment as the three rulers, making her understand that if those monsters died because of the explosion, then, their cores should remain near the ruins.

With the news being spread out everywhere, the Echoing Tower's location was no longer a secret, saving them plenty of time in their journey.

***

A couple of months later...

Athena, Aeolus, and Artemis had arrived at the battlefield and found out that the news heard still downplayed the seriousness of the conflict.

'There are skirmishes and battles wherever we see.' Aeolus frowned, 'It seems like the quantum realm citizens have descended to madness.'

'It's for a valid reason, Apollo most likely going for another attempt to conquer the realm after the rift opens up.' Athena remarked calmly, 'His last conquest has caused the extinction of more than twenty nations.'

'Everyone is terrified and seeking a way of protection.' Artemis agreed.

The terrors of Apollo's darkside were shared by the big mouth of his playful side in every unigins gathering.

'That must be the tower's ruins.'

Suddenly, Aeolus pointed his finger at the fallen structure, surrounded by a massive floating ocean, stretching ominously across the horizon. Its waters were dark and roiling with a venomous taint, making anyone understand that it wasn't a good idea to drown in it.

'It seems major nations have decided to establish their foothold on the ruins.' Athena remarked with a solemn tone after spotting the Vibronoxians and the Chaosians' troops going strong at it.

'Our latest intel was that the paragon and Apollo had disguised themselves and joined the Vibronoxians squad in the tower.' Aeolus shared, 'The leader was called Commander Bia. If she is alive, we should target her for leads.'

'But first, let's search the ruins for theirs.' Artemis said softly, wanting to avoid conflicts as much as possible.

'Let's move.'

Without an ounce of hesitation, the three unigins turned on a soft divine skin-tight barrier and flew straight towards the center, uncaring about the ongoing war.

As they traversed the realities on their path, they witnessed many peculiarities that shook and confused even them. But, they kept on moving, ignoring everyone and everything.

However, the moment they neared the tower's ruins, they started to meet up with powerful soldiers from all fifty nations, situated near the center for the sake of searching for treasures.

None of them dared to intervene in the ongoing battle between the two major empires, but at the same time, they had no interest in letting anyone just come and go.

Thus, the moment they spotted the three unigins, they blocked their paths.

"Where do you assume you're going?" A Vibronoxian Royal guard uttered coldly, "Didn't you receive the memo that the ruins are forbidden grounds? Beat it while we are still asking nicely."

The moment the 'we' was pronounced, many powerful allies of the Vibronoxians emerged from the shadows, ranging from Chronowalkers to mercenaries.

There were no Chaosians since the three unigins arrived from the southern side of the ruins, which was the Vibronoxians' territory.

"Get the f*ck out of my way, I am already pissed off I have to be here." Aeolus threatened, gazing at them with a murderous intent.

The Vibronoxian royal guard and his backup weren't pleased in the slightest, readying their weapons to eliminate the threat.

However, the moment they made their intentions clear, Aeolus reached out to his side and pulled an ethereal glass-like blade from his rib cage.

As he unsheathed the blade, a chorus of winds howled as if the very essence of the four cardinal winds were trapped within the glass-like material of the blade, eager to be unleashed!

"What a piece of art...Now, that's a sword." A mercenary with a sword sheathed at his side commented with a mesmerized expression.

"It's mine." The royal guard stated immediately with a tint of greed in his eyes.

"Bizzara, don't push your luck, we might be mercenaries, but we ain't pushovers."

"That's right, don't claim..."

Whoosh...

After a gush of wind passed, silence engulfed the entire area...

Athena and Artemis gazed at Aeolus, who was standing behind their enemies, sheathing his divine blade as gentle as the spring breeze.

Click, Slice, Slice, Slice, Slice!