Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1821 A Welcome To Our Realm.

1821 A Welcome To Our Realm.

The instant the blade was fully sheathed, the blockers, caught entirely off guard, were bisected by a powerful golden invisible gust, their upper bodies sliding from their lower halves...

The clean cuts left by the Zephyr Blade showed no sign of cruelty or malice, only the pure, uncontrolled force of nature that Aeolus commanded.

As the fallen enemies collapsed, their eyes widened to the limit in shock, a path was cleared. Aeolus placed his blade inside his rib cage, the winds sighing as they retreated back into the weapon.

"Let's keep going." Aeolus said as he restarted his journey.

"I know it's not in the right circumstances, but doesn't it feel good to have some action?" Athena smiled, "You have been getting way too comfortable and lazy."

"You're right, but no more." Aeolus narrowed his eyes coldly.

He also knew that he had gotten too relaxed to the point he failed to even see the danger he was in.

The days of peace were far gone, and the days of unigins being untouchable ended with the introduction of Felix...If he didn't adapt to it, his fate would be the same as his fallen peers.

...

Meanwhile, in the new headquarters of the Vibronoxian Empire, Commander Bia stood at the forefront, presenting the latest reconnaissance data.

"The Chaosians have figured out our ploy faster than anticipated," she reported, "Our scouts have confirmed their advance towards the volcanic region."

"They must have spotted the spherical artifact." Quantix Prime frowned, "We have to obtain it before them. There is a high chance it's related to the stone of reality."

"We have been using our troops as a distraction to keep them away from the volcanic region, but it seems it's time we commit." Vibra suggested, "We have to secure the artifact quickly, so we can retreat and fortify our defenses."

The rest of the commanders agreed to the plan, knowing that if the artifact proved to be the stone of reality, they had no reason to prolong their stay on the battlefield. It was best to leave and prepare their forces for the upcoming real war.

'Commander Bia! Our southern borders have been breached by the three foreigners! They are currently advancing rapidly towards the ruins!'

Suddenly, Commander Bia received urgent news from a scout near the massacre.

'Foreigners?' Commander Bia's heart skipped a beat, 'Describe them for me.'

The term foreigner started to give her the jitters every time she heard it.

'They resembled you.'

This was enough for Commander Bia to send shivers down her spine in dread.

'Three more unigins? Are they allies or antagonists of the paragon?'

Since she had no clue what happened to Demeter or Eris, those three foreigners could be anyone.

"What's the issue?" Quantix Prime glanced at Bia after spotting her change of demeanor.

"I just received news that three foreigners are fast approaching." Commander Bia said with a solemn tone, "I believe they are unigins."

"I see." Quantix Prime suddenly stood up and asked, "From which side?"

"South."

"Bia, Krell, Follow me." Quantix Prime uttered calmly, "Let's give them a proper welcoming to our realm."

Commander Bia and Krell glanced at each other for a split second and immediately chased after Quantix Prime, leaving the rest stunned.

"Don't lose focus, we are at war." Vibra brought them back to reality with a snap of a finger.

"Yes, Ma'am!"

...

Sometime later...

As Aeolus, Athena, and Artemis advanced through the varied environments, their swift movement came to an abrupt halt.

'Are you guys sensing what I am sensing?' Aeolus uttered with a slightly taken-back tone.

'Yes, it's definitely Ares' aura.' Athena nodded, gazing at a massive volcano at a far distance.

'It's too fable...Did he really die?' Artemis remarked.

While they concluded that Ares was longer with them, deep down, they still refused to believe it. But now? It had gotten too real to ignore.

They knew such a fable aura could be released only from an emptied-out unigin core.

'Whether he is alive or dead, go retrieve his core.' The first ruler ordered calmly.

'Alrig...'

Before Athena could finish, her eyes swiftly focused on three vibrational disturbances above their heads.

In the blink of an eye, those disturbances turned into three figures.

At the center stood Quantix Prime with a commanding royal presence. Flanking him were Commander Bia and Commander Krell...Their arrival was sudden and unexpected.

"Going somewhere?" Quantix Prime's voice boomed through the area with a hostile tone. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

'My lord, these aren't the ones I possess met in the tower.' Commander Bia was quick to let him know after failing to recognize them.

While she was a primogenitor and lived in the eternal kingdom, she was imprisoned 24/7, making it impossible for her to see or realize any other unigin besides Uranus.

'I see.'

Quantix Prime reduced his hostility a bit, realizing that they might be friendly. In this current situation, he wouldn't mind some extra hand.

Alas, such thoughts were erased from his mind the moment Aeolus opened his mouth.

"You must be commander Bia...We need you to come with us." He uttered with a commanding tone.

Although he was in the quantum realm and facing the emperor of the strongest empire, he had absolutely no intentions of being respectful. In his eyes, only unigins and above deserve his respect, everyone else was beneath him.

Athena knew Aeolus would act like this, but she didn't bother to stop him. Instead, she backed him up!

"Bia, we just need you to answer some questions and we will leave you be." She said, ignoring the emperor completely.

Their disrespectful treatment didn't sit well with either Bia or Krell, turning their expressions nasty immediately.

"How dare you ignore our majesty." Krell grinned his teeth while letting loose his powerful vibrational aura!

It was so powerful and intense, it caused quantum energy to bend at his will, turning into a fierce three-headed fire dragon circling him.

Without an ounce of hesitation, he launched the three-headed dragon in their direction, each head aiming for one of the unigins!

Quantix Prime's expression remained unchanging as he watched the confrontation, desiring to study the strength of those foreigners.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

"What? Impossible?"

Krell suddenly remarked with a shocked tone, unable to suppose the sight of his dragon getting erased into particles the moment it touched them!

While his attack wasn't that impressive, he at least anticipated them dodging or blocking it actively.

"If you choose to strike, be prepared to bear the consequences."

As Aeolus' voice reached Quantix Prime's and his commanders' ears, his Zephyr blade was already in motion with a simple standardized swing.

While Krell and Bia didn't seem threatened by his movement, planning to block whatever was coming at them with their invisible vibrational barriers, their emperor had a different idea.

The instant Aeolus finished his move, Quantix Prime pulled both of his generals into his phasing ability, appearing a decent distance from their original position.

"My lord, Wh..."

Just as Krell was about to question Quantix Prime, he felt his core leap out of his mouth in dread at the sight of a massive golden blade appearing thousands of kilometers away from them, and landing on a gigantic reversed mountain.

A split second later, the mountain was cleanly sliced in half while the golden blade commenced its quest uninterrupted...