Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1823 Three Seperate Battles. I

﻿﻿1823 Three Seperate Battles. I

"I ain't going nowhere with you!"

Commander Bia swiftly phased out of existence, teleporting a great distance from Athena. Without daring to look behind her, she started running away, heading towards the main battlefield!

She didn't need to glance behind her to feel the overwhelming presence of Athena keeping up with her incredible pace.

Athena's metallic horse had its hooves pounding against the air, leaving behind a golden misty trail, resembling a flying unicorn. It seemed like Athena wasn't even pushing it to its limit.

When Commander Bia realized that it was near impossible to lose her purser, sheused her surroundings to her advantage.

She unleashed a series of vibrational attacks at the environment around her, breaking it apart into quantum energy!

The moment this process ended, she transformed it into a chilling blizzard,aiming to freeze Athena's horse in its place!

Alas, Athena had fought against much worse than this...With a mere wave of a hand, she transformed the horse's head into a long piercing lance. Then, she charged right through the storm, piercing it akin to a bullet!

In almost an instant, she emerged on the other side of the blizzard with an even faster pace!

'Damn it!'

Seeing the headquarters' imposing structure looming ahead, Bia tapped into their private vibrational hub, her voice urgent. 'This is Commander Bia requesting immediate backup at the south perimeter!'

'Commander Bia?' Dankin narrowed his eyes coldly at the southern territory and ordered his squad immediately, 'Assist the commander!'

They were situated at the frontlines to help out with the war against the Chaosians, but the moment he heard his commander's distressed voice, he didn't hesitate to ditch his post!

The rest of the royal guards under him followed him with solemn expressions.

Meanwhile, the headquarters responded within moments, the massive gates began to open, and from within, hundreds of troops emerged!

Clad in heavy armor and carrying advanced weaponry, they quickly formed a defensive line, awaiting Athena's arrival.

All of them held into a blue rifle-like weapon with a trigger, but no magazine.

As Athena approached, she saw the guards positioning themselves. Her horse skidded to a halt, kicking up a cloud of golden dust midair.

With a calm yet piercing gaze, Athena assessed the situation.

'Now, she won't dare to escape with her troops nearby.' She analyzed as she gazed at Commander Bia, who positioned herself in a commanding role at the headquarters.

"That's your target." Commander Bia extended her arm at Athena as she ordered out loud, "Fire at will!"

The air was immediately filled with the resounding echoes of thunderous claps, unleashing a barrage of vibrational bullets!

These were no ordinary projectiles; each was engineered to resonate at a frequency that allowed them to pierce through virtually any matter with devastating efficiency!

Yet, Athena wasn't fazed.

Instead of allowing the bullets to be consumed by her radiant divine barrier, she maneuvered her metallic horse with incredible execution, weaving through the onslaught of vibrational bullets.

The bullets wheezed past her ears as she kept getting closer and closer to the troops. The moment she was uncomfortably close to them, she transformed her entire horse into a giant battle axe and swung it at the center of the gathering!

"UNIFIED BARRIER!"

Commander Bia shouted as she extended her arms high above, releasing powerful vibrational waves from her palms.

The rest of the troops followed suit, merging their vibrational waves together until a powerful, solidified, barrier was born!Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Vroom!!

The instant the metallic battle axe landed on the barrier, it bent awkwardly, akin to a balloon about to pop.

'How powerful is she?! This is a barrier enhanced by a hundred veteran troops!' Commander Bia's expression turned for the worse, realizing that they might not have enough to stop her.

In reality, Athena's attacks weren't really that powerful within the quantum realm...However, the x100 enhancement changed everything.

"I can..'t...hold it...any longer!"

"Me...Too!"

"Aghhhhh!"

The troops tried their very best to offload the battleaxe away from their barrier, but it just kept digging deeper and deeper into it.

Athena, mid-swing, turned her gaze to Commander Bia and uttered calmly, "Are you going to sacrifice your people to avoid answering a couple of questions?"

Commander Bia's expression hardened, her eyes turning murderous by the second.

She knew that Athena was trying to play by her emotions. If it was for anything or anyone else, Commander Bia wouldn't hesitate to play along for the sake of minimizing the losses.

But, when it came to Felix, her savior, her avenger? Nothing and no one was going to convince her to betray him...In her eyes, she owed him her past, present, and future.

Thus...KAAAAAABOOOOOOM!!

The empowered divine battleaxe shattered through the united shield and landed on top of at least fifty soldiers, erasing them in an instant.

Alas, this wasn't even the end of it...

The instant the axe touched the solid ground, it released millions of small golden shimmering red gemstones everywhere, flying at the speed of bullets!

As the gemstones soared through the air, they glittered like a deadly swarm of fireflies under the battlefield's smoky sky.

The surviving troops scrambled to respond. But the gemstones were too swift and too numerous.

Boom! Boom! Boom!...

When the gemstones made contact with anything, be it armor, flesh, or the tough walls of the fortress, they didn't merely embed themselves. Instead, each gemstone triggered an explosive reaction upon impact!

Due to each gemstone being empowered by resplendent divinity, these explosions were absolutely devastating, causing soldiers caught in the storm of gemstones to burst apart, their armour doing little to protect them from internal blasts!

Screams and shouts filled the air as the frontline disintegrated under the unexpected and unconventional attack!

The fortress itself wasn't spared. The walls, built to withstand sieges from even Chaosians, shuddered under the barrage!

Large chunks of the structure blew off, creating gaping holes that left the interior vulnerable.

Dust and debris filled the air, mingling with the smoke of explosions, as the very foundations of the headquarters were shaken.

What's worse? The natives within the buildings turned into victims, having no idea how they died, their cores blowing off with the explosions!

"What the hell is going outside!"

"How come are they failing to deal with a single being!"

"The headquarters is falling apart!"

Inside the command center, alarms blared, and the remaining leaders of the defense forces watched in horror and disbelief from the glass windows at the ongoing mayhem.

Advisor Vibra was seen with a deep frown, realizing that these foreigners were in a different league.

'If the Chaosians were to ever find out, we are done for.' She thought.

Without an ounce of hesitation, she turned her gaze to Commander Bia, who was seen struggling to hold back Athena from causing any more damage.

'Bia, lead the foreigner away from the headquarters, our troops are divided, leaving the headquarters at its weakest point.' Vibra ordered.

Usually, just the presence of Quantix Prime was enough to keep everyone away. But now, he was caught up in his own battle against Aeolus, leaving them stranded for support.

Meanhwile, the majority of their soldiers were fighting the Chaosians in the volcanic region.

'But...'

'I know, I know I am asking you for an impossible mission, but we have no choice.' Vibra said expressionlessly, 'Do this for his majesty, who took you in and gave you a home.'

Commander Bia's expression hardened, realizing that Vibra was asking her to sacrifice herself for the empire. She wasn't even asking her, she was manipulating her to do it, using his majesty's favor.

After all, Vibronoxians were an elitist race and they never allowed any outsider to climb to a royal status like Bia...But Bia wasn't dumb.

She knew the truth, she knew that the only reason Quantix Prime allowed her in and welcomed her into his royal family was to gain information about the matter universe.

She had no idea how he had gotten his initial Intel about the matter universe's existence, but he seemed obsessed with it.

So, from the get-go, she considered their relationship as a business partnership. In other words, her loyalty to the royal family was questionable.

Still, Commander Bia decided to take Athena away from the headquarters.

'Business partnership or not, I won't bring unnecessary casualties into my affairs.'

She might not care too much about the royal family, but her soldiers were a different story as they treated her with respect at all times.

Whether normal soldiers or royal guards, all of them considered her as their supervisor even when she wasn't a Vibronixian.

Hence, with eyes narrowed, Commander Bia gazed straight into Athena's soul and said coldly, "Enlarge."