Chapter 1824 Three Seperate Battles. II

﻿﻿1824 Three Seperate Battles. II

Commander Bia's form began to expand exponentially and rapidly under the eyes of Athena and the surviving troops.

Athena's pupils thinned out, realizing that Commander Bia was attempting to take advantage of the randomness factor after growing to escape her!

After all, they were so small they entered an entirely different dimension. During enlargement, they would get kicked out of the quantum realm first in a random location, before continuing their growth!

'Not on my watch.'

Knowing that she was strapped for time, Athena kicked off her own growth process too while transforming her battle axe into a long bronze chain!

She empowered her strength with her divinity and hurled the chain into Commander Bia's gigantic body!

'Oh no!' Commander Bia tried to evade the chain, but her size held her back.

Cling! Cling!

The chain tightened around her ankle, linking her with Athena forcefully. Both of them reached a gigantic size until they emerged as gods within the quantum realm, their bodies suddenly internally wrapped in themselves until they disappeared.

Their departure was seen across the entire battlefield, leaving everyone stunned and in disbelief, having no clue how to react.

"What did I just witness..."

"Commander..."

Dankin and his squad halted their flight and stared at the massive void left behind by their commander. Everyone turned to Dankin, seemingly asking for his advice for their next move.

However, Dankin was just as distressed as them.

...

"Oho? For her to take such drastic measures, it shows that she is hiding something." Aeolus smirked faintly as he lowered his gaze, focusing back on Quantix Prime.

Quantix Prime stood with his pristine armor scarred with dents and scorch marks from the intense battle with Aeolus.

Despite the evident damage, his expression remained impassive, his eyes cold and calculating as they fixed on Aeolus.

'Divinities...How powerful, I can't hurt him and his attacks hit like a sledgehammer.' Quantix Prime thought to himself, spending no time on Commander Bia's situation.

He already had it covered.

Breaking the momentary silence, he said with an expressionless look, "Smirk all you want, all I have to do is wait until you've exhausted your divinities. We can talk then."nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He knew that for such powerful enhancements, they had to be temporary. Every move Aeolus made, every gust of wind he summoned, drew more from his reserves of divine energy and elemental energy.

Quantix Prime planned to endure, to outlast, leveraging his own resilience in his home ground against the finite nature of Aeolus' abilities.

Aeolus stopped smirking immediately, his expression turning cold. He tightened his grip on the hilt of his blade, the air around it humming softly.

He also comprehended that he couldn't waste his divinities wantonly before meeting their actual target. But, he was really trying to finish off Quantix Prime.

However, he wasn't any pushover.

'The only way to take him down is to create a radiant codex field.' Aeolus thought, 'But, it will exhaust my supply at a significant pace.'

'Go for it, don't think about supplies.' Amun-Ra ordered coldly, 'You can come back to the surface and refuel again.'

'Oh? You guys are that desperate I see.' Aeolus sneered, 'If only you had the foresight to invest the same with Eris' party.'

'Watch your mouth.' Amun-Ra warned, 'Or you won't have a core to return to.'

'Tsk.'

Aeolus clicked his tongue in irritation and refocused on Quantix Prime. Without an ounce of hesitation, he waved his hand and manifested hundreds of golden powerful hurricanes around Quantix Prime, putting him in the center.

Quantix Prime tightened his eyes at the hurricanes and remained in his position, confident in his defenses to block them.

However, this was merely the setup for the true assault.

"Radiant Divine Field."

As Aeolus uttered coldly, a golden wave expanded from within him, forming a visible dome around them.

The dome kept expanding bigger and bigger until it reached the main battlefield, putting many soldiers from all races within it.

"What's this?"

"Is this an enemy attack?"

"Huh? Why can't I use my powers?"

"The hell! I can't tap into my attunements!"

Fear and agitation arose across the battlefield, everyone believing that this was done by their enemies...The captains ordered their squads to retreat immediately from the golden dome while some were already too heated by the fight to care or stop.

Meanwhile, the target of this field wasn't having it any better.

Whoosh! Whoosh!...

Aeolus assaulted Quantix Prime up close with the grace and ferocity of a tempest, appearing as a mere blur!

The Zephyr Blade in his hand, invisible and deadly, sang a high-pitched tune of destruction as Aeolus executed a series of rapid killer strikes, aiming at Quantix Prime's vital...His core!

'Damn it! He is capable of creating a canceling field!'

Quantix Prime, caught off guard by the sudden loss of his powers and the blistering speed of Aeolus's assault, struggled to keep up.

Slice! Slice!...

He could no longer use vibrational control, which implied, he also lost his quantum energy manipulation!

The divine field canceled any attempt to create an ability or such but maintained what was already there.

Thus, Quantix Prime still possessed his vibrational barrier, but he could no longer empower or recover it once damaged. As for Quantum energy? He could only control it through vibrations.

Thus, the moment his vibrational barrier shattered, Aeolus' deadly strikes finally started landing on him directly, leavinga trail of glowing cuts where the divine wind energy infused by the blade met the solid material of the armor!

The worst part? Aeolus was simply too fast for his eyes to catch up. Speed was standardized in the quantum realm, but exterior sources could still affect it.

In Aeolus' case, he was using divine wind from within him.

Slice! Slice! Slice!..

'Argh...'

One after another, the strikes landed, on the shoulder, across the chest plate, along the thigh armor. Each hit was marked by a flash of light and a sound like wind wheezing by.

The once-impenetrable armor of Quantix Prime, created out of the rarest and toughest materials in the realm, was covered with jagged lines.

Clung!

In the end, the armor could no longer handle the pressure and fell apart, leaving Quantix Prime's serene form exposed in the open.

Without armor or any other container, Vibronoxians emerged as a mass of colorful vibrations with a core hidden within.

As cruel as a jungle predator, Aeolus' eyes observed Quantix Prime's entire body until it locked on a colorful sphere hidden deep within his head.

"Found it." He licked his lips once and then disappeared.

The moment he reappeared, his Zephyr's blade was a mere inch away from Quantix Prime's forehead!

"That's enough."

Suddenly, just as the invisible blade was about to pierce through Quantix Prime's forehead, without warning,Quantix Prime's body became the epicenter of a massive vibrational explosion!

BOOOOOOOOM!!

Aeolus, caught off guard by the sudden eruption of energy, was hurled backward, his divine barrier managing to absorb most of the damage.

As Aeolus regained his footing, his eyes tightened at the sight of Quantix Prime's body starting to enlarge, growing to a towering height.

His vibrational aura kept getting stronger and stronger until it repelled everything in the vicinity.

"Looking tough, but you still can't use a single ability," Aeolus uttered coldly, unfazed by his new appearence.

"I don't have to do anything." Quantix Prime uttered calmly, "Come at me."

Aeolus was a bit cautious by his confidence, but still, he went to continue his assault, having full trust in the radiant divine domain to keep him covered.

However, the moment he tried to get close, his body was suddenly repelled strongly in the opposite direction!

It was like he slammed into an invisible trampoline.

"Indeed, I can't touch you, but neither can you." Quantix Prime uttered with an icy gaze, "I am certain such a field is eating up too much of your divinities."

"Since in this form, I can't be touched by any..."

"You blabber too much."

Before he could finish his sentence, Aeolus whipped out Zephyr's blade to the side and summoned all the prepared tempest around the battlefield to keep his prey caged in.

As the hurricanes got sucked into the whirlpool of the Zephyr's blade, they transformed into a massive spinning golden blade, reaching hundreds of meters!!

"Let's test your theory."

Without an ounce of hesitation, Aeolus whipped out the blade in the direction of the giant Quantix Prime, sending out a deadly thin golden arc!