Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1825 Three Seperate Battles. III

﻿﻿1825 Three Seperate Battles. III

Meanwhile, above the volcanic region, Artemis could be seen flying at her top speed while eying the valley below. It was packed with Chaosian and Vibronoxian troops locked in fierce combat.

'Are they fighting for Ares' core too?'

She wondered as she chased after Ares' aura, realizing that the closer she got to him, the more intense the battle had gotten.

When she was finally above the core's location, she came to a sharp halt and brought out her divine bow. She turned around with a calm expression and pointed her bow at the fast-approaching Commander Krell.

'Let's get rid of this vermin first.'

With no words spoken, she pulled the strings back until a green arrow manifested in the center. It had a wooden head, but it seemed tainted with a dark liquid. The entire arrow was surrounded by a golden hue, a sign of empowerment from divinities.

Not leaving any time for Commander Krell to react, she released the arrow and gazed at it appearing instantly in front of his chest.

BOOOOOOM!!

Unfortunately, Commander Krell was already geared up with the best defenses he could muster, having no interest in underestimating her.

Thus, the arrow tried its best to penetrate his defenses, but it ended up exploding after meeting with his armor, his last piece of defense.

It had already taken his external barrier, which was enough to leave him frightened to death.

'F*ck this, I will wait for backup!'

Without an ounce of hesitation,Commander Krell retreated until he exited Artemis' firing range.

He decided to keep a observe on her from a safe distance and react accordingly.

Seeing this, Artemis shook her head and refocused on Ares' core, which was deeply buried in the ground.

'How do I reach it with those two parties going at each others' throats?' She thought as she watched the intense war, happening right above Ares' location.

She wanted first to be sneaky about it but then realized that there was no point. So what if she attracted both armies' attention? So what if they all watched her pull the core from within the volcano?

'I have enough divinities to erase both armies twice.' Artemis uttered calmly as she pointed her bow straight below her.

Another green arrow emerged, but this one seemed to be made out of vines and some seeds attached to it.

Without any delay, she fired the arrow straight into the central stage of the battlefield, flying at an unnoticeable speed!

Yet, it managed to pierce not a single native, hitting the ground first, and continuing digging deeper to its depths.

'What is she doing? Is she gunning for the artifact too?' Commander Krell frowned, 'This is bad, do I make a move? Or keep waiting.'

Commander Krell wasn't really in a favorable position. He knew he could not defeat Artemis and he had no intentions of switching their troops' focus from the Chaosians to her.

It would screw them up big time.

Unbothered by his woes, Artemis linked her senses to the arrow and took it to a halt the instant it reached Ares' core.

'Tree of Solitude, bless us with your presence.' Artemis murmured under her breath with a respectful tone.

Rumble!! Rumble!!

As her voice faded, the ground began to tremble. Soldiers from both the Chaosian and Vibronoxian factions momentarily halted their combat, glancing around in confusion and alarm as the tremors intensified.

Suddenly, with a deafening roar that overshadowed the sounds of battle, the earth split open at the center of the battlefield!

From this fissure, the Tree of Solitude burst forth with a thick, towering trunk, its branches spreading wide and high into the smoke-filled sky!

The emergence of the tree caused both armies to have their eyes drawn upward to the majestic tree, having no idea how to react.

The soldiers asked the captains and the captains asked the commanders. Each sought clarification if this tree was an ally or another abnormality related to the tower.

When both parties noticed that they had the same reaction, they immediately knew that it was related to the tower.

"Be careful! The tower's realities are most dangerous when they appear harml...Wait a second, it's holding something shiny..."

Anarchon, the second in command of the Chaosian Army, remarked with a surprised tone after spotting a brilliant sphere. It was held by one of the tree's many branches.

Before the others could spot it too, the sphere was suddenly thrown into the air before it got caught by Artemis with a celestial cage.

Then, she turned around and took off, unbothered by Commander Krell, Anarchon, and the rest of the troop's stunned looks.

"Who is that...And, did she just take the artifact?"

"She took the artifact? The Artifact?!!"

"RETRIEVE THE ARTIFACT FROM HER! NOW!"

Suddenly, disbelieving chatter turned into furious shouts as both armies took off into the sky, chasing after Artemis with bloodshot eyes.

None of them tried to reach out to the artifact, knowing that as long as both parties had this much size, they wouldn't be able to keep it safely on them. So, the situation turned into an unwritten rule; end the battle first, then pull up the artifact.

To see it getting stolen right from under their noses while they were sacrificing their lives for it, wasn't a good feeling.

Alas, the tree wasn't there for decoration purposes...

With a swift and strong motion, many large branches swung through the air and struck the closest troops to the tree squarely!

Gaah!!! Argh!!...

The impact was brutal, the sound resembling a thunderclap, as it sent them flying backward like ragdolls, crashing into their own lines!

This wasn't even the end of it.

The tree had its vines lash out simultaneously in multiple directions, attempting to catch the closest soldiers to Artemis!

It succeeded as those branches whipped out at an unprecedented speed, leaving no one time to react or dodge!

One limb caught a soldier mid-charge, its tip wrapping around him akin to a python's grip before flinging him aside effortlessly.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Another limb slapped down across a group attempting to set up a firing position, the slap resounding like a cracked whip!

One tree, two armies.

Yet, Commander Krell and Anarchon could only observe as their troops failed to either protect themselves or harm the tree.

All of this was because Artemis embedded the tree with a radiant barrier and empowered its branches with resplended divinity, turning it into a monstrosity!

'Retreat! Retreat in a defensive formation! Now!' Commander Krell ordered the troops with an agitated tone while watching Artemis pulling away from them.

Knowing that his life would be on the line if Quantix Prime heard that he lost her tracks after she took the artifact, he didn't hesitate to grant a chase.

But, he also did the smart thing.

'Your Majesty! This foreigner is insanely powerful! She has taken the artifact from under the volcano and making a run for it.' Commander Krell asked with a stern tone, 'Any orders?!'

Silence...

He waited and waited, yet, the only response he received was silence...

He couldn't help but knit his eyebrows in puzzlement, knowing that it was near impossible for his message to fail to reach his emperor. His vibrational reach was on a different stratosphere.

'Your Majesty?'

Unbeknownst to him, Quantix Prime could hear his message, but he was in a position, where he couldn't even focus on keeping a thought.

Right now, right this instant, Quantix Prime was seen fighting for his absolute life to block the huge golden arc, smashing into his repelling force field!

'So...Forceful! I can't...repell it!' He compressed his lips as he channeled everything within him to repel the golden arc.

His most trusted defense was never challenged before like this, making it harder and harder for him to believe. But, all he could do was fight for his life, knowing that if he were to fail blocking it, Aeolus would finish him off!

Meanwhile, Aeolus was contacted by Artemis as he watched Quantix Prime struggle to save himself.

'I have retrieved the core, how about you guys?'

'I am also done here.' Aeolus replied, 'Athena is chasing Bia, let's group up and wait for her arrival. Then, we can act based on the Intel she has.'

'Okay.'

"Count your blessings."

Aeolus suddenly canceled the radiant field and sheathed his blade. Then, he turned around and disappeared with the wind, uncaring about whether Quantix Prime survived or not. Their main goal was fulfilled here and there was no point in wasting more of his divinities.

As for searching for Felix's core, they didn't bother to waste their time, knowing that with that many cores on him, his aura should be noticeable from thousands of kilometers away.

In other words, he wasn't near the ruins.

While they were correct in their assumption, they also had no idea that Felix's aura was covered up by the white cocoon, the dimensional bag, and lastly, the vibrational barrier placed around it.

Thus, even when they were so close to him outside of Quantaar City, they failed to sense anything!

"BEGONE!"

Meanwhile, the moment the field was lifted, Quantix Prime bellowed hatefully as he smashed the golden arc away, sending it flying in the direction of the volcano!

With the field gone, he was able to tap into his abilities and also quantum energy.

Alas, Aeolus was also long gone...