Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1826 Commander Bia's Countermeasures.

1826 Commander Bia's Countermeasures.

Meanwhile, inside the surreal plane of the atomic world, where atoms loomed like massive celestial bodies and electrons zipped around like shooting stars, Commander Bia was still being chased by Athena!

Each atom they encountered was a planet with its gravitational pull and orbital mechanics. But, those two seemed to defy the laws of physics, as they kept bursting through those atoms like they were made out of cotton.

"Give it up, Bia, I don't want to hurt you." Athena called out, her voice echoing strangely in the quantum environment, distorted by the subatomic wind.

Bia glanced back, her eyes wide with a tint of dread. She realized she couldn't afford to be caught, not here.

While she could continue her enlargement, she didn't dare to return to the eternal kingdom, knowing that her fate would be much worse.

Suddenly, Bia twisted in mid-air, using the magnetic forces of an electron path to catapult herself in an unexpected direction.

She spun around a particularly large atom, using its electron cloud as a slingshot, which sent her hurtling toward a distant cluster of atoms. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

However, no matter how far or what method she used, Athena's chains made it impossible to escape her trail.

'Damn it! I have to cut off those chains!' Commander Bia's expression kept turning for the worse after noticing that Athena had her leg locked in.

The worst part? She could not cut those chains as they were embedded with radiant divinity.

'I have no other choice.'

Suddenly, her face turned grim as she manifested a vibrational blade and sliced off her own leg without an ounce of hesitation!

This had worked in freeing her from the chains, but alas, Athena had already anticipated this much.

Before she could get away from her, Athena suddenly transformed into particles and went through the chain, appearing at the endpoint instantly.

Before Commander Bia could even rejoice about her short-lived freedom, Athena caught her separated leg and smacked her right in the face with it, hurling her into thousands of well-arranged atoms!

"Why are you making this harder than it is?" Athena appeared behind her and punched her in the back with a metallic knuckle embedded with white gems.

Crack!! Cough!!

Commander Bia coughed out blood immediately, her eyes almost popping out of her socket after that one punch snapped her back...This happened through her vibrational shield!

Since they exited the quantum realm, there was no such thing as a standardized force for everyone. Still, since they were in the atomic world, Athena couldn't exert her strength to the limit, but what was available to her was more than enough for a primogenitor.

Having no interest in letting her escape anymore, Athena waved her finger and caused tens of thin chains to emerge and bound her up. Those chains were covered in radiant divinity, making it impossible for Bia to use any ability.

"Now, are you planning to tell me what you know?" Athena gave her a cold stare, "Or should I extract them on my own from your memories?"

"Do your worst, I ain't saying anything." Commander Bia stared back at her with bloodshot eyes, not hiding her will to die for Felix's whereabouts.

'Weird, why is she willing to go this far for him?' Athena knitted her eyebrows in bafflement.

She was certain that their first meeting was in the quantum realm. So, they shouldn't have bonded so much to the point she was willing to undergo torture for him.

This made her curious about her reasoning, but since she wasn't planning to speak out, Athena stopped being polite.

"So be it."

She placed one finger on Bia's forehead and invaded her memories.

The world around them, the buzzing atoms and shooting electrons, faded into the background as Athena navigated through the streams of Bia's memories.

The memories appeared before Athena like a series of vivid, emotional holograms, each one revealing pieces of Bia's past.

The scenes unfolded rapidly to the point that only a unigin could analyze them properly. She witnessed how Felix disguised as Gonn infiltrated her squad with Apollo, the battles that had occurred within the tower, Uranus, Eris, and Demeter's chase, and even how they got sent into different areas after getting sucked into an unstable portal.

When she was done with this, she came back to the moment where she had given Felix a glance over her life under Uranus' tyranny as his 'wife'.

The moment Athena watched the harsh experiments, pushing the boundaries of ethics for even unigins' standards, her expression couldn't help but turn ugly.

'That sick animal.' She cursed Uranus hatefully as she continued watchingBia enduring unimaginable pain, her spirit bending but never breaking, all under the guise of a twisted experiment to birth a powerful offspring...

Athena's heart continued tightening as she witnessed the aftermath of the failed experiments. Uranus discarded Bia like a mere waste, her worth in his eyes measured solely by her failed utility.

At last, Athena came back to the final moments of the tower, after its explosion.

She observed Commander Bia finding a white cocoon within the ruins and after peeking inside, she witnessed the featureless entity, lying in a fetus position with seven hearts situated perfectly on its chest...Uranus' core was one of them.

'This is it, she must be the one hiding the parago...' Before Amun-Ra could finish his sentence, the scene was suddenly disturbed and turned pitch-black.

'...'

'...'

'...'

The other two rulers and Athena were left staring at the pitch-black picture in silence, knowing that only one situation could lead to this result.

'She has erased her memories.' Medusa uttered coldly.

'After what I have seen, I understand her motives now.'

Athena wasn't too surprised by this ending. She pulled back from the memories and gazed into Bia's bloodshot eyes and faint mocking smile.

She seemed pleased with her countermeasures even though she realized that it was going to anger Athena, which might lead to a venting episode of torture.

"Just kill me and be over with it." Commander Bia sneered, "My entire life has been nothing but a tragedy and I will be damned if I am going to let you ruin the one thing that made me happy."

Although Commander Bia had been living a good life in the quantum realm and within the royal grounds, her past life always chased after her.

This made it impossible for her to move on and just forget about it even when she had the choice to erase those horrible memories.

In her eyes, if she were to erase them, it would be the same as forgiving Uranus. She never had any interest in doing so, ever.

Thus, the moment she realized that Uranus had been slain, she experienced pure joy for the very first time after escaping his grasp. She was going to fight, to protect that little piece of happiness regardless of the odds.

"I sympathize with you, what Uranus did to you is punishable even by unigin standards." Athena smiled wryly, "That's why he hid you from us."

"I neither care nor need your sympathy." Commander Bia gave her a cold gaze, "All of you are natural-born monsters who care only about their benefits and desires."

"I am sure you are going to prove me right shortly enough." Commander Bia sniggered.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!