Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 237 - The New Poison Primogenitor!

"I'm glad." Felix sighed in relief as he sat back.

He was truly content that he didn't need to pass any trials or tests, as he understood that for such an important ritual, the Jörmungandr would have made the test hell for him.

Thankfully, the Jörmungandr proved once again that he was a straightforward individual, who preferred keeping things simple and time-efficient.

After all, he already spent an hour browsing through Felix's memories. He saw him at his best and at his ugliest and worst moments.

There was no better judge for a person's personality than looking straight into his memories.

Felix even took a step further and demonstrated his grit and resolve to not kneel before the Jörmungandr even though he was controlling his life and death.

Thus, he pretty much secured the approval of the Jörmungandr without him knowing about it.

"Step forward, child." The Jörmungandr said.

Without hesitation, Felix broke the handcuffs and started walking towards the throne while staring respectfully at the Jörmungandr's calm eyes.

After reaching his side, Felix lowered his head in silence, waiting for the Jörmungandr's move.

"Let's begin." The Jörmungandr stood up slowly from the throne, reaching three meters in height! He might be in human-like form, but that didn't mean, he would have the same height as them.

"Lift your head." He ordered.

Felix did as he was told obediently. Immediately after, the Jörmungandr placed his green-scaled finger on Felix's forehead.

Feeling the coldness of his finger, Felix got a bit nervous as he had no idea how the process was going to be. Painful? Long? Fast? Easy?

It seemed to him that the Jörmungandr wasn't planning on telling him either. Thus, he merely closed his eyes and got his shit together.

No matter how hard it was going to be, Felix was confident in his pain tolerance to handle the worst of it.

"Are you ready?" The Jörmungandr asked calmly.

"Please." Felix gave him a slight head nod with his eyes still closed.

Alas, he should have kept his eyes open as he completely missed the sight of purplish inscriptions starting to appear on the Jörmungandr's skin, like little snakes slithering on it.

However, instead of stopping after covering the Jörmungandr's entire body, they began marching as one on the Jörmungandr's extended arm, which had its finger linked with Felix's forehead.

Before long, the first inscription, which appeared as ]ⵟⵀⴻ ⵄⵍⵍ ⵚⴻⴻⵉⵏⴳ Eⵢⴻ[, had reached the tip of the Jörmungandr's finger and touched the skin of Felix's forehead, making the first contact.

'Hmm?' Feeling like something was crawling on his skin, Felix opened his eyes and was met with the sight of thousands upon thousands of inscriptions slithering into his forehead before spreading all over his body.

Overwhelmed, he couldn't help but want to take a step back reflexively.

However, he found out that he actually couldn't move! Not his legs, not his arms, not even his mouth.

The only thing he was able to do was blink and watch his body getting invaded and engraved by words he never seen anything like before.

Seeing how big sized they appeared on the Jörmungandr's body, Felix wondered if his body was even big enough to contain all of them at once.

However, after glancing down with a bit of difficulty, he noticed that the inscriptions, which reached his hands, were a lot smaller, appearing somewhat like tattooed purplish sentences.

Unfortunately, Felix didn't manage to see the rest of the inscriptions, which already covered every inch in his body, making him feel like he was thrown in a hole filled to the brim with snakes.

After a few moments, the last inscription, which surprisingly was just a single letter, was engraved in the middle of Felix's forehead.

'Are we done already?' Felix wondered to himself as he saw that the Jörmungandr had withdrawn his finger.

He honestly didn't expect that the process to be this easy and quick. He always thought that a hellish pain awaited him, as he was literally accepting a gift that was bestowed upon the primogenitors by the universe.

'But why am I still paralyzed?' He kept trying to move his limbs but nothing was responding to his wishes.

"Child, focus here."

Hearing the Jörmungandr's stern voice, Felix stopped looking at his limbs and refocused back on the Jörmungandr, who was pointing his finger at his forehead.

The moment their eyes made contact, the Jörmungandr said calmly, "Activate."

'Activate wha.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!! F*CK MEEEE!!'

The darkened inscriptions suddenly brightened up, turning Felix into a blinding purplish light bulb!

If that was all, Felix wouldn't have screamed like that. Unfortunately, the activation was accompanied by the expected hellish pain in those rituals.

Felix kept screaming in his mind as he felt like his entire body was being burned without the ability to move or scream his pain out.

He was truly experiencing the fate of the players, which were exposed to his corrosion and paralyze combo!

Soon, smoke started to be emitted from his skin followed by the nasty smell of burning flesh. Inside the consciousness, neither Asna nor the Jörmungandr were bothered by it.

However, the same process was simultaneously happening to Felix's real body, making his room to be engulfed in them.

Since the room was extremely small, the smoke and smell started to escape through the open window and the cracks of the door.

Thankfully, no one was in the corridor as the camp juniors were all in the field while Felix's teammates were inside their rooms, preparing for the big day tomorrow.

However, the smoke, which escaped through the window, didn't take long before entering Noah's window, as his room was connected to Felix's.

'???' Noah tilted his head in confusion at the smoke while lying on his bed.

Soon, he went to the window and...closed it shut!

Heck, he didn't even bother to glance outside and find out the source of the smoke. He just waved the smoke away from his bed and returned to his lying position, opening up a new hologram.

Felix didn't choose a room right next to Noah for no reason! He knew that Noah's curiosity towards anything unrelated to his sister was at the bare minimum.

Thus, if something weird ever happened to him, he wouldn't attract the attention of his neighbor.

If it was Olivia, the door would have been broken by her tiny leg, making Felix's situation get exposed to everyone.

Fortunately, the process didn't last for more than twenty seconds before the purplish light started to lose its brightness, easing up some of Felix's agony.

Even when the inscriptions were darkened again, Felix kept feeling his skin pricking him over and over again like his red burnt skin was being sprayed by alcohol.

"We are done." The Jörmungandr nodded his head in satisfaction and returned to his throne.

Thud!

The moment he turned his back on Felix, the paralyzing effect was removed, making Felix drop face-first into the ground.

"Ouchhhh!!!"

Pained, He couldn't help but cry out loud this time after having his burnt skin get aggravated by the cold hard floor of the mansion.

Knowing that he wasn't going to heal by himself without exiting the consciousness, Felix swiftly requested tearfully, "Elder, may I get a few minutes to drink the rejuvenation potions?"

"I am leaving in five minutes." The Jörmungandr informed him calmly.

'Shit!'ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Felix hastily exited the consciousness and beamed three rejuvenation bottles, drinking them in a jiffy. A minute later, his reddened skin was turning pale again.

Not bothering to study the inscriptions, which were all over his naked body, Felix straightaway entered his consciousness back again.

After reaching the mansion and seeing that the Jörmungandr was still sitting on the throne, he sighed in relief.

He swiftly walked back to his position and bowed deeply to the Jörmungandr, "Elder, I am extremely grateful for your grace, and I promise that I will never disappoint your expectations."

"You don't have to be tense about it." The Jörmungandr chuckled, "I am not expecting anything from you. Just continue living your life as usual and use the poison element to your own pleasure without restrictions."

Honestly, the Jörmungandr simply felt like there was no need to create responsibilities or give Felix universal duties or such when he didn't have them either.

The primogenitors were given immense powers without responsibilities, and the Jörmungandr was simply doing the same.

Seeing that he was given full freedom on utility, Felix couldn't help but grin widely in delight.

However, his happiness was soon snuffed out after realizing that the Jörmungandr was standing up, probably planning on leaving!

Felix didn't want the Jörmungandr to simply jump back into the embrace of death after everything that he did for him.

He taught him about the past of the universe and even gave him his own poison manipulation without asking for anything.

Forget about the personality traits, which he gathered from his memories, Felix only now did he truly see and know the Jörmungandr.

He was forgiving, easy-going, straightforward, patient, and most importantly extremely generous!

Felix would truly feel like shit if he didn't even attempt to help the Jörmungandr to choose another option than death!