Chapter 348 - Needing Coins ASAP!

'Whatever, I can only prepare for the worst and wish it won't happen.' Felix murmured while closing down the bounties website.

Then, he visited his Fanclub website, wanting to check if they changed anything due to his unexpected elemental change to sand.

As he expected, the first thing that was changed was the club's name as it wasn't called ]Landlord of Inducements Club[ but just ]Landlord's Fanclub[.

"Haha, How bold of them." Felix couldn't but laugh after seeing it.

He understood that he wasn't the only one who picked ]Landlord[ name in the SG platform.

Heck, when he registered, he was given the number 6996 after his name. That number represented every player who chose it as well.

After Felix's registration, there must be other players who chose the name after him, adding more to the mix.

So when the club named itself just ]Landlord[, it was going to be quite difficult for new members to find their website online.

The only way to avoid this was by making the club be the 1st result that popped up after someone typed in the name in the search engine!

This would need combined effort by Felix and the management crew in the club to reach!

"It seems that Leader Emma is doing everything to make my name reach far and wide." Felix smiled with a pleased expression at her loyalty and hard work.

"I should probably contact her." Felix pondered while rubbing his chin, "I still need a private agent after all."

Felix never bothered with private agents/managers since he was still in bronze and silver before.

He understood that if he accepted sponsors' offers for clothes, shoes, or have the sponsor's name in his hoodie, he was going to be stuck with them for three to five games based on the contract he signed.

What's worse, the paid amount for the sponsorship was going to be shit not surpassing even 50 million SC.

Since Felix knew that he would reach gold in no time and start playing games Galaxywide, he didn't rush with sponsors, ads, or such and just waited until he made it here.

Now, any company wanting to sponsor him and make an Ad for themselves needed to pay at least 300 million SC at a minimum!

Felix didn't mind making free money by accepting some of them but he also didn't want to get entangled in those business matters.

Since he needed a private agent, why not offer the opportunity to Leader Emma who proved her loyalty to him instead of a random agent who he knew nothing about?

Obviously, he was merely giving her a chance to prove her competence for the position.

If she failed to impress him, he could only look for another one.

His email inbox was probably on the verge of exploding from offers and he wasn't going to have a tough time getting a good agent.

Speaking about emails, Felix had decided to check on his inbox real quick to see if he received any invitations to auctions or gatherings.

'Queen, please filter invitations to auctions and gatherings from the rest.' He requested while opening up his inbox and seeing that there were more than 100k unread emails.

Those were already the filtered ones from useless emails sent by randoms, trolls, scammers, fans...etc.

Soon, the inbox was left with only 3000 emails. Felix asked the Queen to pick only emails from noteworthy establishments and high elo players.

By doing so, Felix was left with only 24 emails which were still quite too much. But, he decided to read them one by one and see if anything attracted his interest.

After a while...

Felix finished reading the entire pack and was quite delighted by most of them. It turned out, he had received a permanent invitation to attend multiple monthly private auctions like the Beatheavon Auction.

This meant, he could attend it each month without needing any recommendation letter. Heck, he was actually given the rights to give those letters and also invite a plus one.

Yet, he wasn't excited that much about this one but by the Galactical Yearly Auction Event that was going to be hosted in a private venue.

It wasn't just a single auction but an event hosted by multiple renowned auction houses, lasting for seven days straight and held in a single closed-off area!

Since it was Galaxywide, it was impossible to secure an invitation as there wasn't a lot to go around for high-elo players, authoritative figures, and their plus one.

Naturally, Felix wasn't given an invitation by the hosts since he wasn't at that level yet to compete for one against those individuals.

He read the invitation from Princess Bird as she had informed him that her father wanted him to be his +1 in the event.

Felix was quite startled when he saw it before but after knowing the hidden motives, he didn't feel that it was that strange.

He knew that if he accepted the invitation, he would be asked about his bloodlines and even get bought off by the Chief.

Although he understood that it was going to be a shitty experience, he still wanted to go!

Why wouldn't he?

This seven days event was going to have everything that he desired and also within a reasonable price range!

Elemental Potion will be there, its materials will be there, illusion energy stones and high tiered bloodlines will also be there. Not to mention, Artifacts, potions, natural treasures, technologies, ancient ruins maps, slaves...and more!

This was an opportunity that wasn't going to repeat for a long time and Felix had no intentions of missing it.

Plus, if he attended, he wouldn't need to worry about having his purchases getting found out by the Maganda Chief since the Queen would be hosting them as usual.

It was quite easy to make an anonymous bid in his mind without anyone knowing about it!

"11 billion SC will do nothing much in this auction against those filthy rich f*ckers. I need more."

Felix closed his eyes and started thinking about other ways to earn quick revenue without needing to invest since the event was only 15 days away based on the content of the invitation.

He didn't have a lot of time and Felix hoped to gather 20 to 30 billion SC without selling the business assets that he worked hard to get.

Naturally, the first idea that came to his mind was selling the Jörmungandr's language to the Queen!

Based on her words, the language was worth 10 billion SC.

Too bad, getting the language was impossible since Asna or the Jörmungandr couldn't just plant the memories in his mind. They could read them but they had absolutely no control over them.

This meant Felix needed to be taught the language to write it down and sell it to the Queen.

Obviously, when he asked Asna to be his teacher she vehemently refused since it would take too much of her efforts.

For a lazy pig like her, she would rather die than waste months and months teaching a blockhead like Felix a completely new language.

Meanwhile, Felix didn't want to request the Jörmungandr to teach him since he invited him in his consciousness to chill and enjoy his time not work him out.

This resulted in the language being wasted.

In fact, Asna admitted that she had plenty of other languages just as ancient as the Jörmungandr's ones due to her possessing the souls of millions of individuals who broke into her prison.

She knew that Felix was definitely going to ask for others to be taught and sold as well. She wasn't going to put herself in that situation.

Hence, Felix was left to look at Asna's stupid face that was probably worth trillions of coins without any way to get them.

As much as it pained him, Felix stopped thinking about this method and focused on other ones.

'What can I take advantage of or who can I take advantage of? Uhmm...' Thoughtful, Felix kept washing his body gently while contemplating deeply about other solutions.

So far, he eliminated gambling, selling languages, investing, getting a loan from a bank, buying Prize Pool items with his game points then selling them later with supremacy coins, and quite a few more.

Each one had its own issues.

'Can I sell something in the auctions?' Felix scratched his chin while doing quick research on the rules of the Yearly Auction Event.

Upon seeing that the guests were allowed to auction their items after appraisal, Felix started checking his memories if he had any items worthy of being sold.

'All I have is garbage that would be too shameful to be sold in the event next to Ruins Maps and...WAIT a Minute!'

Splosh!ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Felix abruptly stood on his feet, feeling like a lightning bolt struck him after a sudden ingenious idea had taken root in his mind!

An idea that could potentially provide him with the amount he required without needing to break a single sweat!!