Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 545: God of Thunder! II

Right now, Felix was digging through his mind for answers while activating supersonic mode to give himself more time to think.

In those few seconds, he had already eliminated a couple of methods that could help avoid having his face splattered in the ground.

The first one was slowing himself as much as possible and wait until the other players open up their parachutes, then use his empowered electrical pull to hitchhike the ride with them.

However, he eliminated it because he didn't know if the parachute would account for both of their weights. Plus, who knows if the empowered electricity wouldn't burn the parachute?

It was too risky and if he failed, he wouldn't have any more chances since he would be too close to the ground.

The second solution was simply giving up on the game by using the surrender coupon. The Queen would teleport him outside of the game safely.

Since he had a tier lose exempt coupon plus winning streak saver coupon, he could exit the game without losing any progress.

In addition, he had already eliminated Saltz Master which meant the treasures were secured even if he lost the game.

So, this was actually the best and safest option to take. Yet, Felix still eliminated it since he firmly believed that one shouldn't give up until he completely used up all his options!

'I just need to find a way to reset my velocity and I will not require a parachute to land.' Felix contemplated deeply, 'What do I possess that could help me achieve that?'

Felix began thinking of every ability that he possessed plus their combination, wanting to seek out a possible way to reset his velocity.

After spending a couple of seconds eliminating some combinations, his eyes suddenly brightened up after coming up with a combination that had a high chance of success!

'If I went for it, it's going to be hella risky and painful even if I succeed.' Felix took a deep breath and nodded to himself, 'I can handle pain, it just needs to succeed!'

Felix wasn't worried about dying if he failed since he could always utilize the surrender coupon at the last second!

Whoosh!!

"What's going on here?" Kayn exclaimed in shock after seeing Felix suddenly change his posture to nose-diving, increasing his speed by tenfolds!

This shocked everyone as they didn't expect that Felix would be hastening his death on his own!

"DIE YOU BASTARD!! YOU KILLED MY IDOL!"

"I can't wait to see his blood splashing all over the place!"

"Hopefully, he doesn't have a surrender coupon."

Most spectators kept booing and screaming hateful comments at Felix due to him massacring more than 50% of the participation list by himself.

Meanwhile, his fans and family members kept shouting in support, knowing that Felix never makes a move without having a plan behind it!

2km....1km....500meters...200meters...100meters!

Everyone quieted down after seeing Felix reach such a height without doing anything to save himself.

However, the moment Felix 10 meters, the viewers were startled by the sudden emergence of a massive golden beam from his extended hand!

The golden beam was the biggest one that Felix had ever created in this game as it was empowered by his passive supercharge that used his stored lightning as a resource!

He had plenty of it due to being struck before by his ability lightning call!

BOOOOOMM!!

Before the viewers could comprehend its emergence, the golden beam had smashed on the surface of the ground, shattering some of it but not managing to penetrate even two meters deep!

That resulted in creating a counterforce that reached Felix's extended arm and sent it through his entire body, breaking most of his bones in the process!

Yet, Felix didn't care about such pain as he was too joyful by the fact that his body was suspended 10 meters above ground!!

His velocity had been successfully restored back to zero!! The 10km momentum that would have killed him had been dealt with properly!

"HE ACTUALLY DID IT!" Kayn shouted in shock.

The moment the golden beam had disappeared, Felix ended up dropping from 10 meters into the ground, landing on his back!

Thuuud!! Arghgh!!!

Although it was merely 10 meters fall, the damage caused had been amplified by 500%! That made Felix feel the same pain as falling from 50 meters!

With his already broken bones, the pain he felt during the contact would make anyone ask for a quick release!

But with Felix's abnormal pain tolerance, he merely squealed in his mind like a pig about to get butchered, making Asna close her ears in annoyance.

The sad part, he was almost completely dried up, not having enough energy to heal himself quickly and relieve his pain.

While he was wincing without having the capacity to move a single finger, Kayn and the viewers were left staring at him with widened eyes, not daring to believe that he was actually still breathing!

The haters were silenced while his fans were left trembling in their places with reddened cheeks and gleaming eyes.

They were feeling an urge to worship Felix after he ended up not disappointing them just like in his previous games! Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Although he appeared like a broken doll on the screen with his ripped clothes and bone protruding from wide-open wounds, in their eyes, he appeared a hundred times grander than the players above him with their parachutes fully open!

Those players were also taken back by the sudden change in the situation as they had expected that the game would be a threeway battle against themselves after Felix end up dying or quitting.

But now? They could only look at each other with hopeless expressions as they glided slowly to the ground.

'Well played Landlord, truly well played. It was an honor to ally with you.' Wild's Breath sent a compliment to Felix through the Queen.

Alas, Felix didn't even hear it properly as he was fully focused on when the game would end to relieve him out of his misery!

]Congratulation to the Champion Landlord for being the first player to touch the ground![

Thankfully, after Kayn failed to voice the announcement, the Queen took out on herself to conclude the game.

Immediately after her announcement resounded in the game world, Felix and the rest had been healed back to peak shape and teleported to the stadium.

"GOD OF THUNDER!"...."GOD OF THUNDER!!"..."GOD OF THUNDER!"

The moment Felix opened up his eyes, he found himself basking under a harmonized chant that thundered throughout the entire stadium.

The remaining three players smiled bitterly and lowered their heads in defeat, not daring to even wave their hands at their silent fans.

Felix's fans had turned the stadium into their own property! This rarely happened in the UISG since most bloodliners usually were an add-on with the lowest chances of performing spectacularly.

Kayn didn't let Felix's fans steal the light from him as he had immediately jumped from his lotus flower and shouted while midair, "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! PLEASE GIVE YOUR LOUDEST APPLAUSE TO YOUR CHAMPION!"

Whoah!!! Clap clap...!!

Although most viewers hated Felix's guts for killing their idol, they still gave him a simple round of applause for the entertainment he provided.

Some of them even started having thought of turning his fan after watching both of his performances in those two games!

Other races joining a human Fanclub! Leader Emma would definitely be over the moon!

While Felix was waving his hand at his fans with a faint smile affixed on his handsome face, Erebus and J?rmungandr were currently shaking hands.

"I got to admit, it was an entertaining spectatorship." Erebus laughed as he let go of J?rmungandr's hand.

"Couldn't agree more." J?rmungandr smiled, "Your champion had truly put a decent fight."

"Although he died, I am still satisfied by securing Kumiho's treasures." Erebus said with a pleased expression.

This was the reason he was cool about the loss. The harp was his main target and thankfully Saltz Master got it for him.

It was clear that Saltz Master was given clear instruction to mainly focus on it.

Saltz Master would have felt like shit if he knew that the Harp he fought to the death for was merely a gift that would be used to secure a date with the Sound Primogenitor, Siren.

Unfortunately, this was the champions' game. The primogenitors were just playing around for the fun of it uncaring about their champions' wellbeing.

If one died, he could easily be replaced by another one.

Without being asked, Erebus emailed his two treasures to Lady Sphinx while asking casually, "Are you planning to participate in the Yearly Primogenitors Custom Games? Based on his performance, he might survive it and gain some experience against the elites of each primogenitor."

Lady Sphinx glanced at Felix, who was getting interviewed by Kayn, and said calmly, "We haven't decided yet to let him participate or skip it."

"I see, well you better participate if you want to secure as many monoliths as possible." Erebus left one last remark before disintegrating into light particles.

Lady Sphinx didn't respond to him as her eyes were still affixed on Felix.

She already knew that each year the primogenitors hold three types of games that include only the champions.

The games were based on individuals, teams of threes, and teams of five.

The teams' format games were for primogenitors with multiple champions...So, everyone but her and J?rmungandr. Though, it was possible for multiple primogenitors to create a team.

As for the individual custom game? She truly didn't decide yet on Felix's participation. She knew that the primogenitor game didn't allow the use of a surrender coupon.

So, the moment he ended up in a hopeless situation, he could only die.

She understood that he would be facing a lot and a lot of those life and death situations in that game.

After all, the champions participating in the yearly event would be a minimum ranked as peak platinum players!

There would be a presence of Diamond-Ranked champions!

Felix had struggled to deal with just Saltz Master. Now imagine a game with a hundred of those monsters each with his own element and primogenitor backing him up!

That's a whole different league!