Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 551: Thor's Peak Active Ability! II

"It's packed with them." Felix promised.

"Hehe, very well." Thor grinned to himself with a lewd look, unbothered by the nasty glares he was receiving from Asna and Lady Sphinx.

They truly felt that the consciousness space had been dirtied the moment Thor had decided to live with them.

Meanwhile, Felix could have cared less as the moment he reached his dorm's room, he logged in to the UVR.

Then, he went straight towards the measurement center to test out the electric transmutation before the class begins.

After entering a private VIP room, Felix created a bunch of random objects, like chairs, tables, microwaves, skateboards...etc.

All of them were made from different materials.

Felix decided to start with something small. He picked a glass cup and activated Electric Transmutation.

Szlzlzlz!

In less than a millisecond, the glass cup had been consumed by millions of tiny blue charges, completely hiding it!

At the start, Felix still felt its presence on his palm. But a second later, the presence utterly disappeared, unlike the electrical charges that remained in the exact shape of the glass cup.

"Interesting." Felix murmured while poking it with his finger.

He felt that his finger had sunk inside, making him realize that the cup had truly disappeared.

Abruptly, Felix clutched his hand, breaking the shape of the electrical charges.

Instead of spreading in every direction or disappearing, the charges had actually gone through Felix's pores, vanishing inside his body.

"I absorbed it." Felix's eyes lighted up after sensing the new added stored lightning in his body.

However, because the quantity was too low, it was hard to gauge how many volts he absorbed.

Without further ado, Felix went and activated electric transmutation on a microwave.

Szlzlzz!

This time, billions of tiny electric charges had emerged from his palms and began encasing the microwave from top to bottom.

The sight appeared like a bunch of ants crowding over a piece of candy.

A few seconds later, Felix lifted his hand from the microwave after sensing that he wasn't touching a hard surface anymore.

When he zoomed through the crack of the electric charges, he was shocked to find out an infinite number of charges connected like a grid.

"How much will I absorb?"

While he was saying so, the newly created electricity was going through his pores rapidly. In less than a second, nothing was left behind.

This time Felix had felt that he had absorbed quite a tangible amount. Immediately after, he compared it with the amount of energy lost during the activation of electric transmutation. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"This is too good." Felix grinned widely, "I lost a tiny fraction of my energy but the amount gained could help me enter a supersonic mode for at least a quarter of a second."

It might not seem a lot, but Felix understood that he was required to activate his electrical field for him to get that quarter before.

With every activation, the field consumes 2 to 3%. The difference was too big to compare.

Not having enough data, Felix went to test out on bigger objects such a car, buses, statues...etc.

No matter if the object was made of rocks, dirt, metal, or plastic...They all turned to electricity obediently.

This was due to electric transmutation turning those objects into their base form first...Which is natural energy. At that point, it was easy to transmute it into lightning energy then followed by electricity.

"Hehe, now as long as I am near objects, I will never end up without electricity." Felix rubbed his hands in elation and said, "Now, let's move into the fun part."

"Room AI, please add two outlets connected by one-kilometer cable." Felix requested.

"As you command."

A moment later, two walls were erected in the room. One was in front of Felix while the other was one kilometer away from him.

The only thing connecting them was a black cable that was attached to two modern outlets.

Upon seeing that he was going to use electric transmutation on himself, the tenants in his mind who were playing poker together all lifted their heads.

While Asna was showing a curious expression, the other three were smiling in amusement.

"Who wants to bet that he will vomit his guts out?" Thor's asked with a grin.

"I will take that bet." J?rmungandr smirked faintly, "I believe that he would instantly faint before he manages to vomit."

"I will pass." Lady Sphinx waved her and focused on Felix who was trying to touch the outlet with a shaky finger.

They could feel his agitation and fear from his thunderous heartbeats.

They thought that it was a completely normal reaction since he was literally going to lose out his physical body and transmute it into electricity.

Like hell anyone wouldn't feel scared shitless just by the thought of it.

"This is the UVR, the worst that could happen was dying in the process." Felix started taking deep breaths to calm himself. It seemed like it worked just fine as his finger stopped shaking.

Not wanting to lose control over his emotions again, Felix swiftly touched the exposed cable's head and got electrocuted instantly.

However, besides his stiffened hair he only felt raw strength pouring into him.

Felix counted to three backward and activated electric transmutation with his eyes closed shut.

Szlzlzlzlz!

The electric charges emerged from every pore in Felix's body and covered him entirely.

A split second later, Felix started to feel nauseating and dizzy like he was in a rollercoaster with hundreds of twisted turns.

Because he had his eyes closed shut, his senses of the environment had been increased, making the dizziness gets enhanced twofold.

'I am going to vomit like this!' Felix instantly opened his eyes, wanting to decrease the shitty sensation.

However, he realized that his vision was completely impaired just like the rest of the sensations. The only sensations left were, motion, emotions, and desires!

'Am I in an electric form already?' Felix wondered while trying to look around him but to no avail. Everything was as black as the night.

'Elder, is this normal?' Felix asked, 'How can I move when I can't sense the area I am at?'

'For a newbie, this is nothing.' Thor informed, 'If you had lightning manipulation to go with it, you would have been able to guide yourself with lightning particles all around you.'

'I see.'

At this point, Felix could only order his non-physical body to move even though he literally had no idea where he would be moving or if he would actually move.

After the order, Felix waited a few seconds in total darkness then deactivated the ability, wanting to check out his current position.

Alas, the nauseating effect had been enhanced by tenfolds this time, making Felix want to vomit his guts out.

Immediately after his body got constructed again, Felix couldn't resist his gag reflexes anymore as he opened his mouth wide and spew a fountain of vomit.

"That's it, let it all out." Thor laughed in delight while extending his hand towards the irritated J?rmungandr who lost the bet.

Meanwhile, Asna and Lady Sphinx didn't want to ruin their day by glancing at such a disgusting sight.

"Dear God, that was the worst feeling I have ever experienced in my life." Felix wiped his sweaty forehead while clutching his stomach tightly.

He was feeling immense pain in his intestines like if he didn't hit the toilet as fast as possible, they would explode!

Thankfully, he was in the UVR, making him get rid of those feelings by a single request.

After having his body returned to normal, Felix sighed in relief and asked, "Is this normal as well elder? When I saw Saltz Master turn into living shadow, he didn't seem to feel pained at all after having his body reconstructed."

"That's because he probably didn't eat anything and had cleared his intestines before morphing." Thor clarified, "It easy for the body to transmute into an element. However, the food you ate or the waste that was still in your body is a different matter."

"You see when your body starts reconstructing, anything external would be tougher to return to its base form. For your bracelet and clothes, they could easily reconstruct without you even noticing. However, the food and waste inside your body will make sure that you feel them thoroughly since they are getting reconstructed within your organs."

"No wonder." Felix found his explanation reasonable since he truly felt like his body wanted to expel everything that was external no matter what.

J?rmungandr believed that Felix would faint from the pain but he toughened it up and just vomited.

Felix didn't know what to do in the real world where it was impossible to get rid of those feelings after the transmutation.

In the games, it was possible to join after fasting for a day to keep his body in its purest form.

But in the real world? He couldn't do that to himself for merely an ability!

This meant that without a solid solution, he would most likely refrain from using it in the real world.

"Elder Thor, how were you coping up with the aftermaths?" Felix inquired politely.