Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 552: Thor, The Trouble Maker!

"Elder, how were you coping up with the aftermaths?" Felix inquired.

"Simple." Thor yawned, "I destroy everything external inside my body the moment I want to transmute. If I was feeling needy, I transmute them first into energy."

"Same." J?rmungandr added, "Possibly most primogenitors with transmuting abilities do it like this."

"That's a good solution actually."

Felix agreed that it was the perfect method to transmute safely without forcing yourself to fast every single day.

"To take advantage of this ability fully, I need to learn those two techniques as well." Felix decided while surveying the area around him.

Now that his focus was cleared out, he managed to notice that the wall he was standing next to wasn't the same!

When he looked around it, he was left startled and a bit excited by the sight of another wall next to many different objects!

"Haha, I actually moved through the wire!" Felix laughed in elation, "I thought I remained in my spot due to the lack of sensation."

Without further ado, Felix requested the room AI to playback what happened in a hologram.

Felix watched with a thrilled expression how his body had been turned into a humanoid electrical torch then disappeared through the outlet for a couple of seconds before emerging on the other side.

He stopped the video right there, not wanting to watch the other disgusting sight.

"The moment I master this ability, I will be untouched in most planets."

Felix grinned faintly, knowing that the majority of discovered planets were still relying on electricity like planet Earth.

Only advanced planets had upgraded to other better alternatives.

So, if he ever ended up being chased, he simply needed to touch a wire or an outlet and he would be gone!

...

A few minutes later, Felix had wrapped up the tests and logged out. Then, he went to the class and spent four hours, studying two mandatory courses.

Throughout the entire period that he was in the 2nd semester, he had yet to concoct a rank 2 potion whether in the real world or the UVR.

But, there was a noticeable improvement as the first time Felix had tried to concoct it, he managed to save only 2% of the mixture.

But now? He reached a whopping 6%!

Naturally, this was due to his lightning-quick reflexes, helping him erect a bigger protective dome faster than most witches in his class.

Only Lara and Kamil were able to surpass him by 1% since their innate traits weren't a joke either.

Those extraordinary results were starting to get in most of his classmates' nerves.

That's because they were trying their best to surpass him yet to no avail.

For proud witches like them, they weren't ready to accept another defeat by his hands.

Felix didn't give a crap about any of this as the moment he finishes his classes, he always heads back to the dorm rapidly.

Today wasn't any different.

After logging in to the UVR, Felix went to J?rmungandr's private room that was turned into the best training ground anyone could ever ask for.

Just as he wanted to start his daily routine, he remembered something extremely important.

"Elder Thor, is there any other way to close the lightning containers on my body?" Felix inquired with a hopeful tone.

Although he was already able to close them and open them as he pleases, it wasn't comfortable since he was required to use mental energy.

That was extremely exhausting and wasteful of an important resource.

"Of course there is." Thor nodded his head in agreement, managing to lift Felix's spirits up. Alas, he crushed them by saying, "Though, you need at least limited lightning manipulation."

Felix frowned his eyebrows and asked, "Is it a must?"

"Indeed." Thor nodded his head, "That's because you will be required to use a tiny bit of electricity to contract your pores and close them off continuously."

"Oh, I get it."

Felix understood the jest of the method immediately. When he uses his abilities, the lightning flood through the pores, making them impossible to be closed off.

However, if just a little bit of electricity coursed through his skin 24/7 on the surface, that would be enough to contract his pores and keep them close.

Without lightning manipulation that was impossible.

"At least there is a method." Felix recovered from his disappointment and began warming up for the upcoming daily training.

...

Four hours later...

Felix had to conclude his training a bit early today due to his promise to take out Thor and show him the night atmosphere of the UVR.

Currently, both of them were standing in front of two separated mirrors in Felix's house in Vamdarohm.

While Felix seemed satisfied with his appearance in a casual outfit, Thor looked like he was struggling to decide on his clothes.

He had a VR Shop open before him as he browsed through the trillions of men's clothes from all sorts of cultures and races.

"Ahh, this UVR had made everything too convenient and hard at the same time." Thor sighed with an annoyed expression as he kept trying on an outfit after another.

"Elder, all of them look great on you." Felix complemented while smiling wryly.

They were already here for about 15 minutes now. If he had to guess, he would say that Thor had worn at least 150 outfits in that duration only!

"It seems like you hang out with women a bit too long." Asna snickered, "Some of their tendencies must have rubbed off on you."

"What can I say, my goddess?" Thor smiled charmingly as he praised, "Not everyone is as breathtaking as you to wear anything and look fabulous in them."

"Heh, no amount of compliments will change my impression of you." Asna snorted.

"We'll see about that." Thor smirked confidently while fixing a leather jacket he had on a white t-shirt.

With his leather black jeans and white beard, he truly appeared like a badass biker!

"This will do for now."

Satisfied, Thor gave a slight head nod at himself in the mirror and then gestured at Felix to move.

Felix immediately took the car's key from his bracelet and went to the garage.

The moment Thor saw Felix's lean classy dark hovercar, he fell in love with it.

"Hehe, I got to experience this bad boy, Let me take the wheel." Thor requested while extending his hand at Felix.

"You sure can drive?" Felix asked a bit worried while placing the keys in Thor's palm.

He knew that if Thor ended up hitting someone, they would be in big trouble.

But, he also didn't want to reject Thor's request lest he ends up ruining their relationship before it even began.

"Don't worry, how hard could it be?"

Just like an excited kid, Thor immediately jumped inside the car from the window and pressed the ignition button.

The hovercar rose half a meter above the ground, forcing Felix to quickly jump in before Thor does anything else.

'Hopefully, he doesn't run on someone.' Felix sighed while putting on his seatbelt. Then, he requested, 'Queen open the garage.'

Upon seeing that Thor was busy reading the buttons on the dashboard, Felix took the liberty to fasten his seatbelt as well.

After seeing that the garage was wide open, exposing a well-lighted semi-busy street, Thor grinned widely and pushed the acceleration pedal to the limit, causing the car to flew like the wind into the busy street!

"ELDER, THE BRAKES! HIT THE BRAKES!" Scared out of his wits, Felix screamed? while clutching into his dear life.

Alas, Thor didn't bother to listen to him as he actually increased their speed even further while turning the wheel to the left!

SMAAASHH!!

As expected, the instant they merged with the street, their car ended up colliding with another vehicle, causing both of them to wind up in different directions!

Thankfully, the other cars were probably on the automatic drive as they had evaded the incoming cars, avoiding causing mass chaos in the street!

However, this made Felix's car and the other target the peaceful pedestrians, who were minding their own business!

All of them were left frozen in their own places with stunned expressions, not daring to believe that they were going to be a victim of a car accident in the UVR!

"THE BRAKES!!"

Alas, Felix's latest horrified scream didn't change anything as their car was too fast to be stopped...In the end, the hovercar run above two goblins and one witch, turning them into a bloody mess.

The worst part came later as the car stopped only after going through the glass of a restaurant, killing two waiters and a witch who was enjoying her coffee in peace...

P?ep peep! Kyaaaaaa!!

The siren noises of the restaurant's alarm system and high-pitched screams resounded boomingly in the area, making everyone passing by a glance at the current mess.

"We are done for..."

Felix looked at the bent ceiling of his car with a deadpan expression, knowing that he had been royally screwed over by Thor.

"What are you talking about? Aren't we in a virtual space? They can revive anytime they wanted." Thor laughed loudly with his jacket all ripped apart and dusty beard.

He didn't seem remorseful in the slightest by killing five innocent people.

"True, they can revive anytime they wanted since we killed them." Felix covered his eyes with a hopeless expression, "But we are definitely not going to receive the same treatment."

Peepo! Peepo!

"They are here." Felix felt slightly tearful after hearing the siren noises of the law enforcers, approaching the crash scene rapidly!

Oblivion to the fate that awaits him, Thor still kept trying to turn on the car by pressing the ignition button.

Alas, only smoke emerged from the front hood, making him realize that the car was completely busted.

Just as he was planning to apologize for ruining Felix's car, a furious roar resounded behind them, "THIS IS THE POLICE! STEP OUT OF THE VEHICLE RIGHT NOW!"

'Hahahaha, I hope you like jail's food and drinks.' Asna chortled in elation besides the speechless Lady Sphinx and J?rmungandr, who didn't expect that Thor would be sending Felix to jail on his first day! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Jail? Is it a mixed jail?" Thor asked with a serious tone, appearing as he would actually consider going inside one if it had girls in it!

'He is hopeless.'

'Why am I not surprised?'

'Just drop dead, will you?'

All of them facepalmed after hearing his serious tone, feeling too exhausted to bother with him.

'You are on your own, Felix.' Asna didn't hesitate to disconnect the connection, leaving Felix and Thor to fend for themselves!