Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Chapter 553: Getting Taken To The Police Station.

When Felix saw a squad of Orcs, wearing blue metallic uniforms while having silver laser guns pointing at them, he immediately lifted his arms in surrender and shouted, "Don't shoot! We are coming out."

'Elder, do the same or they will shoot us.' Felix clarified their f*cked up situation to Thor, 'If we don't comply, our jail time will increase. If we fought back, they will shoot us. Getting killed by their bullets meant that we will be banned from accessing the UVR for at least fifty years!'

'Ban? Seriously?' Thor was slightly surprised by this as he didn't expect that the rules were this strict.

He had read some of Felix's memories about the UVR but he didn't glance at the strict rules that kept the UVR ongoing for this long.

The strictest rule was harming someone else in the public spaces as the punishment ranges from a week in jail to a lifetime ban from accessing the UVR.

Right now, Felix believed that with the casualties numbers in their hands, they were definitely going to be sent to jail for half a year at least.

If he decided to settle with the victims, he wouldn't serve any jail time since they would be dropping all charges on him.

The Queen couldn't punish him if the victims were satisfied with the ransom.

Felix didn't dare to run since it was impossible to do so while wearing an AP bracelet. Queen would constantly keep giving the law enforcers his location.

Upon realizing that the situation could end up badly for both of them, Thor decided to comply with the rules.

Both of them exited the car with their hands in the air and their backs facing the law enforcers.

"Get them out of here." The squad leader ordered calmly while documenting the incident scene as a protocol.

The first thing he did was request the Queen to disclose basic information about Felix and Thor.

Since Felix and Thor were considered criminals now, the Queen didn't hesitate to expose them by displaying two holograms. One was showing Felix's details and the other covered Thor's.

They appeared like this:

//Name: Thor

Age: 29

UVR's Home Address:? 2916 Simpson Street, Bloomington district, Vamdarohm.

Real World Address: Unknown.

Criminal Record: N/R//

"Unknown?" The squad leader frowned his eyebrows and thought, 'Is he in uncharted territory or something?"

Throughout the 59 years of his service in the law enforcers office and the thousands of arrests, he never saw someone with an unknown address.

That's because the moment someone breaks the law, the Queen would expose both his locations based on the UVR's rules.

It was done like this so the criminal would be required to receive his punishment obediently instead of logging out and going invisible.

'Whatever, he will not try to avoid the punishment unless he didn't bother living without a bracelet.' The squad leader shrugged his shoulders carelessly and glanced at Felix's details.

//Name: Felix Maxwell

Age: 20

UVR's Home Address:? 2916 Simpson Street, Bloomington district, Vamdarohm.

Real World Address: Royal Academy's Campus.

Criminal Record: N/R//

'Felix Maxwell? Where did I hear this nam...F*ck me, is he the famous human potioneer and SG player?!' The squad leader gulped a mouthful in fright as he looked at Felix who had his cheek planted on the cracked floor tiles.

Seeing how two of his law enforcers had both of their knees on his back to restrain him, he felt like his heart was about to leap out of his chest.

He could see that both Felix and Thor were already handcuffed so there was no need for necessary roughness!

'Those bastards are going to get me killed or fired!!' Scared shitless, the squad leader immediately dashed towards his officers and scolded them with a furious tone, "Is this how I taught you to treat the citizen of the empire?!!"

"What?" The officers looked at each other in confusion, not knowing what he was talking about.

'Get your f*cking legs off him! You are going to get us both killed!' The squad leader sent a telepathic message to all of his squad members, 'This is Felix Maxwell, the human potioneer with triple AAA citizen!'

The instant the officers heard so, their knees started trembling above Felix's back, giving him a nice massage.

Felix turned his head around and saw that all officers were sweating profusely while trying their best to remove their knees off his back.

Felix didn't want to give them a hard time since it was indeed his fault for allowing that troublemaker drive in the first place.

Hence, he requested politely, "Officers, can we stand up?"

"Of course! Of course! Please excuse my subordinates, they are still new in the field, making them too eager to prove themselves." The squad leader immediately helped him up with a fawning smile.

Then, he started dusting Felix's clothes while gesturing with his eyes for his subordinates to help Thor up.

"Haha, not bad kiddo, it seems like you have authority around here." Thor laughed loudly, uncaring about the pedestrians hearing him out.

'Elder, be settle please.' Felix's eyelids twitched after seeing the unfriendly gazes they were getting from everyone.

It's one thing to see favoritism happening before you and another to hear someone brag about it.

'Quickly take them away before he spews even more nonsense! Be gentle this time damn it!' The squad leader ordered telepathically.

However, just as they wanted to request Felix to move, he spoke first, "Officer, please give me the names of those affected by the incident, I will make sure to compensate everyone for the trauma."

Upon hearing so, the pedestrians who were beginning to get a bad impression of Felix nodded their heads in approval.

"Consider it done!" The squad leader nodded his head firmly and pushed him through the rubble towards the police hover van.

'Elder Thor, please let handle everything.' Felix requested as he stepped inside the van while wearing silver metallic handcuffs.

Thor followed after him with the same nonchalant smile on his face, seemingly enjoying the experience so far.

'Aren't they going to release us?' Thor wondered, 'They seem afraid to offend you.'

'They don't have the jurisdiction to do that.' Felix shook his head and clarified, 'Actually, no one has it since the Queen is the one responsible for enforcing the punishment if it concerned another person.'

'The reason they were afraid before was due to the rough treatment they used on us. They were worried that they might offend me and I will go out of my way to make their lives hell.'

'However, if they did their jobs right, no one will bother to take it on them since the Queen was ensuring their protection in the UVR and information classified in the real world.'

'I see.' Thor rubbed his beard and said, 'I guess we not going to the bar after all.'

Felix covered his eyes after hearing so and stopped conversing with Thor, worrying that he might do something that he would regret...

....

In a short while, the hover van had stopped before the police station.

Look and behold, it was already packed with reporters who somehow managed to get there before the police van.

The moment Felix got escorted outside of the van, they stormed towards him with their bracelet pointing at him.

They seemed pretty excited by such juicy news since Felix had never been part of a scandal like most idols.

"Landlord! Can you let us know how did you feel when you crushed those poor pedestrians?!"

"Why didn't you use the auto-drive system?!"

"Are you going to compensate your victims for the trauma you caused them?!"

'Annoying flies.' Felix cursed in his mind after hearing them twist the facts with straightforward faces.

He knew that all of them were knowledgeable that Thor was behind the wheel, but they preferred switching the blame to Felix since he would attract more clicks than a random nobody.

Thor still received some comments while he was getting pushed gently to the police station's entrance.

Neither Thor nor Felix had time to answer any of the reporters' questions as they had been pushed back by the officers.

"Right this way sir Felix." The squad leader escorted Felix personally towards the interrogation room, where the criminals confess to their crimes and sign a strict contract to stop them from ever committing another crime again.

The strictness of the contract depends on the severity of the criminal activity.

After they reached the room, which appeared like a cold interrogation room with two simple chairs and a table, Felix took the liberty to sit on his own.

Thor had been taken to the other room.

Before they got split up, Felix had informed him to keep his answers down to the minimum since everything would be taken into consideration.

"Sir Felix, please hold for a few minutes, the interrogators will be here shortly." The squad leader said politely as he exited through the door.

'Finally, it's done.'

Immediately after leaving, he let out a long sigh of relief and walked back towards the police van.

His job was done and now Felix and Thor were someone else's responsibility!