Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 554: The Preparation of The Expedition Are Set!

A couple of minutes later...

The interrogators arrived and asked Felix and Thor a bunch of questions about the incident to decide if it was intentional or not.

Upon figuring out that it was Thor's first time driving, they decided to be lenient and write it down as an incident due to Felix's reputation.

If it was a deliberate move to kill off innocent people, then even paying a ransom wouldn't be enough.

"Alright, Sir Felix, now that we established the details of the incident, we will leave you to handle the settlement case with the victims." The interrogator shook Felix's hand and noticed, "Please take care of it in a week minimum, Otherwise, we will have to place you in jail until you either pay or accept the punishment."

"Thank you officer."

After shaking the man's hand, Felix exited the room and went to sit in the lounge, waiting for Thor's interrogation to be over with.

They had already removed the handcuffs on him since they were just there for the media so they wouldn't cry out about an unbiased treatment.

During his wait, Felix accessed his victims' chat IDs and contacted them one by one. Some of them had their lawyers answer for them while some took it upon themselves.

Whatever it was, Felix slapped them with 5 million SC for each of them to make sure that the case gets concluded as fast as possible.

He had no time to waste being in jail or long-term negotiation.

The victims didn't dare to push their luck by trying to rip off more coins out of Felix due to his fearsome reputation.

They were merely honest people and five million SC falling into their lap freely was more than they could ever ask for.

Just like this, the issue had been resolved before Thor's interrogation ended and before Felix's enemies could use this scandal against him.

Like the Racist Mushroom who wouldn't have missed such an opportunity to bring his image to the dirt.

Though, the news still went viral, reaching even Olivia and his grandfather. When they called to ask for his well-being, Felix eased up their worry by telling them that the case was concluded.

In a short while, Thor had been sent out by an annoyed interrogator.

God knows what he did to irritate him like that.

"Let's go back home," Felix said, sighing.

"Wait, why can't we hit the bar now?" Thor asked casually, "Isn't it still pretty early?"

"The media is going to be all over us if we got spotted outside." Felix said, "If you are willing to wear a disguise then we can go grab a drink or two."

Instead of replying, Thor snapped his finger, and his entire demeanor was changed. Clothes, face, body structure...Everything!

"How about this?" Thor asked.

"It's sufficient." Felix nodded his head and wore a disguise on his own. Then, they went outside of the police station through the backdoor.

This time, they took a cab towards one of the finest bars in the city...While Thor was still pretty eager to taste some of the best alcohol in this era, Felix just wanted to send away this troublemaker, not wanting to hang out with him anymore.

They almost ended up going to jail on their first day, God knows what's going to happen the next time!

***

Three weeks later...In the dorm's room, Felix was currently chatting with Malak and Erik about the expedition.

He was already informed that the explorer spaceship and the new bodyguards for Robert had reached planet Earth.

Since Felix's grandfather and family were currently residing in Sky Pearl Island, it had top-notch security measures erected around it.

The world leaders and the Anti-Royalty Alliance were the ones paying loads of coins to erect them and keep them working properly due to Felix.

The World leader didn't want to provoke Felix by failing to protect his grandfather while the Anti-Royalty Alliance was bound by contract to do it at all cost.

Hence, the explorer ship and the new bodyguards had managed to sneak inside the sky pearl island without Felix's enemies finding out about it.

However, sneaking inside was the easiest part but leaving the planet proved to be a challenge.

This was the topic of their discussion.

Felix understood that the moment Malak and Erik get caught, they would a? dead meat 100%. That's because they would be interrogated about Felix's secrets and they were bound by contract to not reveal anything.

If they toughened through the interrogation torture, they would be exposed to memory manipulation techniques and potions.

This would definitely offset the automatic destructive protocol that was written in the contract.

It simply entails that the Queen would explode their consciousness the instant their memories get invaded.

Felix didn't want to lose Erik and Malak, the only primogenitor's bloodlines in his squad. They were too valuable.

"How about we contact the organization's allies and have them escort us out?" Malak suggested.

"No, that's too risky." Felix shook his head firmly, "They might be our allies but they wouldn't hesitate to hire mercenaries to block you in outer space before you can turn on the light speed engines."

"Hell, I believe that they are already preparing to do it whether we ask for an escort or not."

Felix wasn't being paranoid at all since to gain access to the island, he had to inform the Anti-Royalty fleet.

If he didn't do so, the spaceship would be stopped from going inside.

They couldn't really sneak through the security measures since if they weren't that good, the island would have been flooded with non-natives.

"So what do we do?" Erik scratched his bald scalp in frustration after seeing that all of their plans were not working out.

Malak arched her eyebrows and began thinking deeply for a solid solution. However, before she could come up with anything, Felix sighed and said, "Just get in the spaceship and check if everything and everyone was ready. I will be taking care of this on my own."

"You sure?" Malak asked.

"Yes, just prepare for set off as fast as possible." Felix informed, "You will need at least two more weeks to reach the ruins if you traveled through the VIP wormholes."

"Alright, I will let you know when we are ready." Malak ensured him and said her goodbyes.

Felix hung up on her and started tapping on his knee with a thoughtful expression.

He already had the best solution to solve this issue but he wanted to see if he could do it with another method. However, after spending tens of minutes coming out blank, Felix accepted his fate.

"Queen, I am ready to use one of my wishes." Felix said.

'Which one?' Queen asked.

Felix had multiple wishes, each with a different limit.

'I want to request from the SGAlliance to ensure that my exploration ship remains untouched by my enemies for one day.' Felix asked, 'Which one will be enough to have this request accepted?'

'All of them are enough to achieve this request.' The Queen inquired, 'Should I use a wish with the least limit?'

'Yes please.'

'Are you certain?'

'Yes.'

Ti-ring!

]Your wish had been accepted, please notify the Queen when to start the 24 hours protection period[

'Good.'

Felix didn't feel too demoralized by spending a wish on Malak and Erik's safety since their worth surpasses the wish by miles.

The wish he used could utmost give him a momentary value of one billion SC. But he used it to save two primogenitors' bloodliners who were unreplaceable subordinates.

He was confident that their safety was guaranteed since no one ever dared to make himself an enemy of the SGAlliance.

Even if someone decided to use untraceable methods to deal with Malak and Erik, the SGAlliance would find out about it with their monstrous resources.

It was simply impossible to ignore the orders of this behemoth!

....

Two hours later...

Malak had sent Felix a message, informing him that they were set to leave the planet.

Without wasting time, Felix immediately requested, 'Queen, please activate the 24 hours protection period.'

The Queen asked for confirmation again and when she received it, she sent everyone on planet earth and in its vicinity a short announcement.

'Northern Sentinel Spaceship, module number 246, is currently under the protection of the Supremacy Games Alliance for 24 hours. You know the consequence of touching the Alliance's property. if you didn't know, make sure to ask.'

Anyone with a bracelet received the news straight in their minds, even the earthlings who were just minding their own business in the UVR.

While the earthlings and the nonnatives were left pretty confused about the weird announcement, the commanders of the Anti-Royalty alliance fleet had their expressions turn ugly immediately.

They recognized the spaceship module instantly since they were just discussing with the alliance leaders on a solid plan that would allow them to catch it without killing the ones inside it. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"That prick must have used a wish to help the spaceship leave!" Zosia cursed Felix while seated at a round table with the other four leaders.

There were three holograms before them, showing the faces of three commanders.

Without any exception, All of them appeared as they had just eaten a piece of crap!

They knew instantly that all of their previous plans were thrown down the gutter!