Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 614 - Drawing Interest From Queen Allura.

Everyone squinted their eyes at the replay, trying their best to see what she was seeing.

Alas, only a few managed to spot the speed disparity between the dark substance in the upper half and the lower half.

"Impossible! How could he affect those immortal lifeforms!" Sage Dalilia exclaimed in disbelief.

As a Witch Saga capable of concocting rank 5 potions, she was battling against the dark reaction for tens of thousands of years.

Not once had she affected the dark substance even when she tried everything at hand. In the end, she gave up on trying and simply accepted Lady Sphinx's verdict.

Witches could never affect those lifeforms no matter what method they came up with.

"Did master teach him her method?" Queen Allura guessed calmly.

'Nope.' Lady Sphinx answered her.

Only after hearing so did Queen Allura show some emotions while staring at Felix.

'Forget it, even if he shared with you his method, you will not be able to use it.' Lady Sphinx crashed her hopes the instant she read her hidden thoughts.

Queen Allura's shoulders slumped slightly after hearing so. But still, she replied, 'Trying won't hurt.'

'You do you.' Lady Sphinx stopped talking after.

Queen Allura turned to Sage Dalilia and requested, "Please bring little junior to the palace after he finishes the exams."

"Was already planning on doing so." Sage Dalilia nodded with a stern look.

Pooof!!

Abruptly, an explosion occurred within the stream, halting their conversation.

When they looked at it, they found out that Felix's cauldron was releasing a mesmerizing bloodish red mist!

Felix smiled charmingly after smelling a fragrant scent from the mist, knowing that his concoction had succeeded!

He swiftly held the cauldron and poured it into a small beautiful curvy bottle.

The moment he closed the led on it, the Queen announced publicly, "Tonic of Might had been concocted successfully. Felix Maxwell has been rewarded 890 points."

[Haha! First potion and he is already close to reaching the top ten in the semester!]

[As expected of my Landlord! No matter what domain he is in, he always rules over it!]

[I am neither a human nor a fan but I am loving the fact that he keeps stamping on those arrogant witches' pride!]

Felix's fans exploded into a cheering frenzy, trying their best to calm their sense of withdrawal after Felix's long inactivity in the Supremacy Games!

They didn't give a shit that no blood was spilled!

As long as they were able to see Felix's usual domination over others, they would cheer until their throats went soar!

Unfortunately, the next two concoctions ended up in failure...

[F*ck, who jinxed him!]

[It must be those witches cursing him with their spells!]

[You must have been playing too much VRMMORG bro...]

[28.8% yet failed twice in a row. I have no idea how the other witches managed to pass the exams with their garbage 15% success chance.]

Even Felix started to feel slightly nervous with his last concoction of Tonic of Might.

He had one catalyst remaining and one hour in time.

If he failed this one as well, he knew that it was going to be tough moving forward since he planned to leave the last hour for the Duskwraith potion!

Its success percentage was even lower than Tonic of Might!

Felix started taking deep breaths to get rid of his nervousness.

After sensing his heartbeats returning to normal, he gave a slight head nod to express his readiness then started mushing the mixture into a sphere.

Then, he dropped it into the catalyst and dove within the atomic world. Queen Allura narrowed her eyes at the spread of the dark substance for a moment.

Then, she smiled with a confident look and shared, "As expected, he chose this shape to allow his inducement to cover as much mass as possible without touching the catalyst. In addition, to change the way his protection barrier get manifested."

"I noticed it as well." Sage Dalilia agreed, "He most likely start manifesting the protection barrier from the very center of the sphere. Then, he expands it like an inner sphere, helping him cover even more of the mixture."

"Though, I don't know if the mist is non-reactive to not mess up the concoction or he had found another way." Queen Allura commentated.

"I do hope he found another way that could help even us witches." Sage Dalilia sighed.

She never thought a day would come when her hopes would be placed on Felix's shoulders in potion-making.

"I sure do hope so as well." Queen Allura murmured.

By the time she was done speaking, Felix had already removed the saved mixture and placed it in the second cauldron.

Then, he stood silently in front of the cauldron with closed eyes. Seconds went by continuously until the same explosion occurred, releasing a cloud of red smoke!

"Another Success!" The commentator shouted passionately, "Now his points are enough to place him in the top ten after adding his points from written exams!"

Felix didn't let himself get too happy with his success as he quickly cleaned the tables with a wave of a hand.

It was time to work on the real test, The Duskwraith Potion!

He requested the Queen to place three portions of the Duskwraith Potion's materials in the exact order in his practice runs.

He had already come to understand that three attempts were his limit in one hour.

The table soon was packed neatly with different colored materials.

For the viewers, those materials were highlighted by their names, prices, rarity, and every important detail.

All of them couldn't help but suck a cold breath at the sight of many zeros each material was priced.

None of them were below 10 million SC!

"For those not familiar with the Duskwraith Potion. It's used mostly by fighters as a last resort to survive a battle. That's because it drains the user's lifespan and turns it into a massive amount of energy. Plus, it heals all sorts of wounds inflicted!" The commentator said with an envious tone, "That's why it's priced at half a billion per potion and one needs to wait a long time in the queue to buy one."

The effects were godly alright for a 5 stars rank 2 potion!

'Let's begin.'

The moment Felix felt like he was in the zone, he pinched a smooth thin line of hair strand that resembled crystalized silk.

Then, he gently placed it in a small tub and repeated the process with twelve more hair strands.

"Such a fine control in strength!" The commentator said in awe, "Based on my lowly knowledge, those hair strands are from the frost fairy and can break extremely fast if just a little bit of strength was applied! When they do break, they turn into dust, making them useless material. They are worth 11 million per hair strand!"

He was damn right about this as Felix had managed to break over thousands of them yesterday just to get the perfect feel of his applied strength.

If it was in real life, he would have been in a debt already!

'First hurdle complete.' Felix sighed in relief and moved back to the preparation table after placing those tubes on the glassware table.

Next, he took a big green leaf that appeared like a brick and started mashing it gently with a wooden pestle.

This process took two minutes until the green leaf had been turned into a pasted ball. Felix repeated this process until he had the same amount as the hair strands in the tube.

Since he took two minutes minimum to prepare them, he had already wasted 24 minutes! Yet, Felix didn't falter and simply kept going at his own pace.

'Now comes the hard part.'

He cracked his fingers and lifted a green ball with crucible tongs.

Then, he went to the glassware table and with extreme care, he placed the ball within the tube, trying his best to avoid breaking the hair strand.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The chat went quiet upon seeing Felix's carefulness. Most of them had no clue what was going on.

As for those who did?

They started feeling nervous the moment they imagined being in Felix's position.

Second by second, Felix kept pushing the ball deeper and deep into the tube while keeping his hand as steady as a pole!

Soon enough, he reached the bottom of the tube then released pressure from the tongs. Next, he pulled it just as carefully until it was finally outside of the tube.

Upon seeing that the ball was affixed on the bottom without breaking the hair strand, everyone sighed in relief at such a stressful experience.

"I am already sweating here just by watching. I have no idea how Felix is feeling right now." Naima wiped her sweaty palms while watching Felix attempt to do the same with the other green balls.

He had eleven more to go, making every witch lose confidence at pulling it off successfully.

"A 5 stars potion. Truly a whole new level than what we are used to." Lara murmured to herself.

She knew that Felix was going to spend the next 10 minutes only to make those catalysts!

That's only if he pulled everything perfectly!

No witch would bother putting herself go through this risk in 2nd-semester exams.

They either try to hit the bare minimum to pass the exams or aim for the top rank safely by concocting multiple 3 stars potions.

Only Lara was daring enough to attempt a 4-star potion and succeed. That was enough to secure her as the 1st ranker in the exams.

'I honestly have no idea why he is trying to concoct it.' Lara tilted her head in confusion, 'With his skills, he can easily steal the 1st rank from me if he concocted a couple of Tonic of Might Potions and another 3-star potion.'

Alas, there was no way she could ever guess Felix's true aim from these exams no matter how she tried.