Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 615 - The Exams Are Over!

After a short while, Felix had finally finished with all the green balls. He succeeded in all of them, making all of the witches amazed and envious.

They knew that such a fine control was unobtainable for them unless they worked extremely hard on it.

Felix had been doing that for two lives already, making it seem too easy.

"Now, to the last step in the catalyst creation." The commentator zoomed on a small bottle that Felix held and shared, "He needs to boil half a liter of Fair Silver liquid below those tubes. The smoke will melt the green balls, turning them into a liquid within the tube."

When he mentioned this, Felix's fans didn't find it too hard at all.

However, when they saw how the green balls started to react slightly within the tube, they all remembered that the Frost Fairy's hair strands might break!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The moment they thought about it, three hair strands snapped in half and turned into dust within the tube.

Almost everyone was shocked at how easy it was to lose primary materials to make a 5 star rank 2 potion!

Unfortunately, the damage wasn't far from over as the hair strands started snapping one after the other in the next five minutes.

"Ouch, each snap cost 25 million SC." The commentator clutched his heart in pain, sharing the same feeling as Felix.

The only difference was that Felix was worried about all the tubes getting ruined, leaving him with no catalyst.

"Only six left from twelve tubes. keep breaking, keep breaking for me!"

The Racist Mushroom Lilly could be seen cheering in her dorm's room with an expression filled with menace.

Next to the stream hologram, there was a half-written apology letter. Having trouble accepting her punishment after her second failure to bring down Felix.

"Yes!! One more!!" Abruptly, she yelled in delight after seeing another one break.

Her reaction was shared by almost all witches, who desired nothing more than to see Felix fail his concoction.

They were not ready to accept another universal humiliation.

Unfortunately for them, the remaining five green balls had been melted successfully with the Frost Fairy's hair strand!

'Thank god it's over.' Felix sighed in relief, knowing that he had enough to aim for two attempts. He only needed 4 tubes to achieve so.

This might sound easy but in reality, no sane witch would dare buy twelve of those two expensive materials.

After all, if all hair strands ended up breaking in any of the mentioned steps, the witch would suffer losses reaching up to hundreds of millions!

Even if everything went well in the preparation, there was still the concoction process!

Unless a witch practiced this potion for decades, then she could forget even reaching up to 20% success rate!

Those few reasons were more than enough to turn off most witches on including this potion's recipe as one of their mains.

"He finally reached the easier part of the concoction." The commentator mentioned while viewing Felix mix the main material and the subsidiary material together.

This part was just like any other potion. Mix well together with precise amounts then obliterate all microorganisms from the mixture.

Felix finished this step flawlessly with his supersonic mode. Then, he turned it off and placed glass protectors on the two spherical mixtures.

Next, he pulled two tubes from the test tube holders and poured them into the cauldron. After doing so, he closed it shut and increased the heat to the maximum.

"It seems like everything is going smoothly. He might pull it off."

George, the Earthling Team Coach murmured to himself while seating with the team's staff.

As for Olivia, Noah, Kenny, and the rest of the squad, they were sent to a hellish camp within the UVR to improve their fighting skills.

After all, they were seeing how Felix was pulling faster and faster ahead of them while they could only watch.

Their proactiveness to catch up might not change close the gap but it would help them personally in the long run.

After a few minutes went by, Felix opened the lid and placed the mixture gently in the center.

Then, he immediately dove into the atomic world after engulfing the mixture into his Quagmire inducement!

The viewers went quiet after noticing that the dark substance was much faster than before.

The difference in speed between the upper and bottom parts was now extremely visible, but no one was stupid enough to believe that Felix would save 28.8% of the mixture again.

"The molecules of the Duskwraith mixture are less complex than the last mixture." Queen Allura said calmly, "This makes the dark substance consume the bottom half much faster compared to the upper half."

The minute she was done talking, the dark substance had finally consumed everything that wasn't protected.

Felix remained in the same position for a few seconds, then he brought out the saved portion of the mixture and dropped it inside the second cauldron.

He threw a bunch of beneficial materials and closed the lid on them.

'Ah, I could have done better.' Felix massaged his temples and took a seat next to the cauldron.

His frustration was clear to see for all and soon they realized why.

18%!

That's the percentage he managed to save in this run.

"Is this f*cker humble bragging or what?!!" Kamil lost her shit immediately after seeing it.

Most witches in the chat were in the same boat as her!

[He is pissing me off!]

[This prick is actively trying to make us look bad! If you look frustrated with 18%, then how should we react with our percentages!]

[Ahhh!! Someone please shoot him in the face!]

"Cough, he is too good at drawing aggro just like in the games."

The commentator changed the camera angle to the cauldron, not wanting to upset witches any further.

In a few moments, the cauldron started shaking right and left, bringing the attention of Felix's eyes to it.

The witches started praying for the worse while Felix merely closed his eyes and let fate decide his ending.

Poof!

The cauldron stopped shaking the moment the lid was sent to the ceiling by an explosion of blue chilly mist.

Felix didn't even need to open his eyes to understand that his potion had succeeded!

The chill and the captivating scent of the mist were more than enough to let him breathe a long sigh of relief.

'Impressive, concocting it on your first attempt.' Lady Sphinx smiled lightly, 'I guess all those failures yesterday paved the way for this success.'

While Lady Sphinx's congratulating comment was suttle, the same couldn't be said about mayhem in the stream!

"He did it! In his first attempt nevertheless!" The commentators of every stream exhibited signs of disbelief and shock, reflecting the comments in their chats!

No one expected such an ending.

All of them assumed that Felix would either fail both potions or luckily succeed in the second one!

The fact that it happened so quickly left them unable to react. Especially, Kamil and Lara, who realized that their ranking had been changed almost immediately!

//Rank 1) Felix Maxwell-3844 points

Rank 2) Lara-2659 points

Rank 3) Kamil-2112 points

Rank 4) Sarah-1854 points

Rank 5) Majdolin-1833 points//

"NOOOO! NOT 3RD RANK AGAIN!!" Kamil snapped the instant she saw her new rank.

Crash! Crash!

Just like everyone else, she started thrashing her room to vent the raging fury in her heart. Either this or target Felix!

But, she was smart enough to remove that thought from her mind.

On the other hand, Lara had gotten slightly upset that Felix had overtaken her yet again and this time he did spectacularly.

'I need to work even harder. Otherwise, He will keep dominating all 1st ranks in the upcoming exams.' Lara got back on her feet and quickly logged in to the UVR.

She wasn't interested in watching the rest of the stream. In her eyes, the exams were already over.

Surely, Felix didn't bother concocting another potion.

The extra points were useless for him since he would be graduating real soon.

"Felix, are you going to stop?" Teacher Sonna asked while looking at him proudly.

In her eyes, she always saw Felix as her student and not a human wanting to humiliate her race.

So, she always felt glad and proud to see him achieve this much in a single year.

"Yes." Felix nodded his head.

She permitted him to log out and Felix swiftly broke into light particles.

Throughout all of this, the witches on the exam with him didn't hear or see a single thing since they were inside their barrier.

If only they knew that history had been made in the exact room as they, it would be truly a sight to behold.

After Felix opened his eyes, he walked to the window and started to gaze at the gardens and the breathtaking pink clear sky of the campus.

Memories started to flood his mind, showing him the beautiful moments he spent here with his friends.

Unfortunately, those memories were too few compared to the shit he went through since his enrollment.

Blatant racism, lack of support from the administration, negative reaction for his achievements, and more.

'Soon, you will be begging to be returned to the Academy after I start working you out.' Lady Sphinx broke his reminiscing with a single casual statement.

'Wait in line Sphinx! Your beauty won't give you any leeways on this one.' Thor shouted from across the table.

'Indeed, you have hogged the boy for the past 16 days. It's time for him to start working some muscles with us lest he forgets how to fight.' Jörmungandr didn't yell like him but he displayed his stance on the matter with a resolved look.

'What about me?!' Asna complained, 'He still owes me two movies.'

Suddenly, everything lost colors before him, making him stare at the view with a deadpan expression.

'Why do I feel like I have become a commodity?'