Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 643 - Wits Over Fists II

Knowing that the transparent sphere had only a four seconds duration made WowefxNero realize that the game was doomed for them.

The Time Slowing bomb had gone off for three seconds now, leaving only one second before it expire.

It was impossible for them to capture the bomb in that duration or escape from the range of the explosion.

Why?

Because Felix made sure to set up the timer of the bomb to only one second before launching it!

Right now, the timer appeared to be frozen at 0.2 seconds!

'We have been had...'

Hopeless and dispirited, Wowef and Nero lifted their heads and saw that Felix had already pulled himself to the wall by using the lightning arc attached to him.

Then, he dropped on the ground and took off inside the nearest path to him.

Just as he was about to reach the corner, Felix turned one last time and gave a peace sign to WowefxNero with a faint smirk.

'This shameless prick!'

Only now did it dawn on them why Felix had thrown the bomb inside the time slowing dome.

If he didn't do so, he wouldn't have been given the time to retreat while at the same time making sure that WowefxNero were going nowhere.

If he had sneaked the bomb with the others earlier, there was a small chance that Wowef could have caught it just like he did with a few bombs.

In addition, he would have been forced to set the bomb to a couple of seconds to give himself some time to escape.

After all, he couldn't use transmutation under the lightning storm because his wire would snap almost immediately.

If WowefxNero saw Felix escape, they wouldn't hesitate to do the same, taking advantage of those few seconds!

Everything had been taken into account by Felix!

'Well played.' Nero couldn't help but chuckle in derision to himself before requesting in his mind, 'Activate the surrender coupon.'

The moment he finished his sentence, the transparent dome disappeared at once, returning that zone into the same wavelength of Time.

The frozen 0.2 seconds finally moved, reaching zero almost instantaneously!

'Faster faster!'

'Just hold on a little guys!'

'We are almost th....'

The ongoing telepathic communication between the other players had gone silent the moment they saw the sudden emergence of a growing white mushroom in the center of the maze.

Booooom!

Before they could gather their thoughts, the thunderous explosion followed shortly after!

Thankfully, they were still a few hundred meters away, helping them avoid getting their ears blown up again.

Too bad, no one felt even slightly pleased by finally seeing the 2nd nuke go off without killing them.

They knew that if Felix had been eliminated by the explosion, they would have gotten notification of their contract breaking.

Instead, the only notification they received was...'Your allies WowefxNero have been eliminated from the game.'

The last guardian in front of the gate had been removed...

When they saw the explosion disappearing at once, it finally clicked in their minds that Felix was the only one near the unprotected gate!!

"I REFUSE TO ACCEPT THIS!!" Maddened, Bloodrites howled with his face flushed red as he restarted his sprint!

'He might be wounded heavily!'

'It's not over yet!'

Disfigured Beauty, The Traitor, Battlegod Orca, Hebra, and even Pengfu!

None of them remained in their places or let despair take over them!

Alas, in the eyes of the viewers, their final attempts resembled half-dead men trying to draw their last breaths.

When Bloodrites and the rest made it finally to the center, they also felt the same.

How could they not when the first thing they saw was Felix taking his first step inside the humongous gate?

When Felix spotted them appearing one by one from the paths, he gave them a cheeky wink before wishing, "Better luck next game."

Then, he swaggered through the gate, leaving the players to feel like absolute shit.

"F*******ck!!"

Bloodrites was the first to break down, feeling like his heart and blood were set ablaze after recalling Felix's wink and the threat he gave him in his first fight.

The fact that everyone had seen him act tough just to have his ass handed to him was truly one of the most humiliating experiences he had gone through.

Too bad, the Queen didn't care about his wounded self-esteem as she announced throughout the entire maze.

>Congratulation to the Champion Landlord for being the first player to leave the maze!<

The moment this announcement echoed twice, Felix and the dispirited players had been healed back to peak form and teleported to the stadium, marking the unexpected conclusion of this game!

"GOD OF THUNDER!"

"I love you, Landlord!!"

"PRIDE OF THE HUMAN RACE!!"

"Nine wins in row eight more to go!!"

The moment Felix opened up his eyes, he found himself basking under his fans' feverish cheers and applauses that boomed throughout the entire stadium!

The cameras focused on some humans, showing that all of them were screaming with flushed cheeks or tearing up with ugly laughs.

Time after time, no matter how hard it got, Felix had brought a well-needed win to the human race as a whole!

To win against high-ranked players in the Universal Platform was almost a foreign concept to the human race.

After all, there were only a few bloodliners representing them and they rarely take part in those games.

Sometimes, tens of years go by and not a single human player participate in platnuim+ games!

So, to see Felix kicking the other snobbish races' ass consistently and in such a short period of time was the same as giving every human a high dose of dopamine equals taking the best drugs in the universe!

Letomar didn't let Felix's fans steal the light from him for too long as he brought the mic near his lips and shouted at the top of his voice, "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! YOUR CHAMPION! THE UNDEFEATED!...LAAAANDLOOOORD!!"

WOOAH!!! Clap Clap...

Felix's fans were already screaming until their throat started to hurt, but still, the noise went up a few octaves due to some spectators from the other races, joining in the fun.

Although they weren't humans, they still could appreciate a good game! Felix did one hell of a job to give them the entertainment that they paid for!

Alas, only a minority of viewers felt this way.

Just like Flame Bearer's fans.

They were truly unwilling to accept seeing a mere human gets awarded with a trophy in those high-ranked games.

The higher Felix climbed the more unwilling the players and the viewers would accept their defeat at his hands.

Unless humans as entire species improved drastically, Felix would always be discriminated against by those egotistical players from superior races in the Alliance.

That's just how things were in the universe...

"Haha, I don't know how you did it but I am happy that it was you who won it."

While Bloodrites, Disfigured Beauty, and the other players didn't bother to remain even a split second in the field, Pengfu walked to Felix and congratulated him with a wide smile.

"Thank you, brother." Felix offered Pengfu a fist pump with an appreciative smile and said humbly, "It wouldn't have been possible without our partnership."

"Haha, cut the crap." Pengfu bumped his fist with Felix as he joked, "If that was the case, you wouldn't have proposed to break our partnership."

"Cough, I just didn't want to ruin your chances of winning by holding you back."

Felix said shamelessly, not wanting to admit that he did it because he would never be able to sneak back to the center with Pengfu being with him.

"I will be damned if I believed that."

Pengfu wasn't an idiot to believe him but he didn't want to ruin Felix's victory with questions.

So, he congratulated him one last time and teleported outside of the stadium.

After he left, WowefxNero walked to Felix with two different expressions.

While Nero was composed, Wowef was sobbing loudly with tears and snot ruining his visage.

'What's up?' Felix asked while sizing them up.

Nero looked at Felix's calm face and wanted nothing more than bash his teeth in.

As a proud dragon, he also inherited their pride, making him unable to accept losing in a such manner.

What's worse, he knew that he could have easily destroyed Felix in one vs one.

'Don't feel too cocky human.' Nero narrowed his eyes dangerously as he proclaimed, 'If it wasn't for the bombs, you would have fallen into despair against us.'

'True.' Felix nodded his head in agreement.

'What?' Nero was startled by his agreement to his taunt.

He really thought that Felix would mock him that he was just being a sore loser or start boasting that he won with his brain instead of fists.

'Until we meet again guys.' Felix smiled faintly as he promised, 'Next time we meet, I will break your shell with my own fists. I will make sure of it.'

The moment he finished his piece, Felix broke into light particles while waving his hand to his fans.Explore new ð’ovels on nð’velbið’(.)com

Letomar didn't even bother to stop him or make a fool of himself by begging him to stay for the award ceremony.

He simply sent him off with one final passionate commentary, "WE AWAIT YOUR RETURN IN THIS GLORIOUS STAGE!"

"We await your return our lord!"..."We await your return our lord!"..."We await your return our lord!"

Leader Emma and the fans immediately started chanting it harmoniously, creating a serene scene in the stadium with all the white lights flashing around.

Unbeknownst to the hopeful and excited fans, this was the last time they were going to see Felix in the games...At least, for a very long time....