Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 738 - The Interrogation!

Back in Dark Deviant, Mistress Candace was still reading the emperor's memories while Felix continued making sure that he remained unconscious.

'It's been more than twenty minutes.' Felix knitted his eyebrows, 'She said it will take at best ten minutes.'

'Give it time.' Asna said, 'It's difficult to read memories of someone who lived for tens of thousands of years without a clear filter.'

When Asna used to read Felix's memories, she always needed him to be exact on the date or the place where the memory happened.

Otherwise, she would be there for a long time.

Felix did give Mistress Candace a timeframe, where he believed that the emperor must have picked the ten leaders.

But, he might be wrong since he simply made an educated guess.

This might have been causing the delay.

...

After two hours, Mistress Candace finally opened her eyes.

"Are you alright?" Felix asked after seeing that she was dripping sweat like a fountain.

"I am just a little tired." Mistress Candace wiped her forehead, "It wasn't easy process and took way longer than I anticipated."

"Did you find anything?"

"Sorry, I found only nine names and locations." She apologized, "The last name was the cause of my delay. No matter where I looked, I didn't see the emperor mention it at all."

"It can't be!" Felix was devastated by the news. Without the tenth name, it would be useless to have the other nine as well.

You either kill them all or don't bother yourself.

"It seems like this old sack of bones is still caution enough to distance himself from one of the ten leaders." Asna said, "His subordinate or family must have been responsible for picking the tenth leader without informing him."

"No, no, no, it makes no sense." Felix refused to believe it, "This greedy bastard's ego knows no bounds. There is no way he will believe that someone will capture him alive and extract memories out of him."

Emperor Rawal was one of the strongest bloodliners in the empire.

Killing him should have been impossible by another origin bloodliner in the empire, don't even mention kidnapping him alive.

That's why he wasn't able to react when Felix and Mistress Candace popped out of nowhere. It was just unthinkable in the battleground.

In real world? Maybe, because there were many mysterious figures from uncanny races. But, this was the battleground, where every origin bloodliner was known and had his abilities studied.

"Well, I don't mind looking again after a quick break." Mistress Candace offered.

"No need." Felix shook his head, "If you didn't find it in the timeframe, then it must be either outside of it or not there at all as you mentioned. In both cases, it's impossible for you to find it."

Just like Asna mentioned, without a clear filter, it would take ages to find what he desired from reading memories.

"I will be using my truth inducement." Felix proposed with a serious tone.

With truth inducement, emperor would cough up anything that he knows as long as the dosage was potent enough to affect him.

After all, he was still a human and without mental or poison immunity.

The only issue with this method was the fact that the emperor would be self-conscious.

If he managed to break through Felix's inducement somehow and blew up his soul, it wouldn't be pretty for Felix.

"I have a plan to counter his soul explosion." Felix was always resourceful in stressful situations.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"How so?"

"We will make a void rift behind him." Felix disclosed, "If we noticed any hint that he planned to blow up, we will kick him inside and close the rift."

"Hmm, that's a good idea. But, his explosion might harm the void raccoons." Mistress Candace said.

"You are right." Felix nodded.

The explosion would be enough to wipe out a quarter of his army and that's while inside the void realm.

Not planning to risk it, Felix made Nimo order the void creatures to travel away from the blast zone.

In a short while, Felix saw that the coast was clear in the void realm.

"Let's begin."

Felix pumped out a small white liquid sphere from his palm.

He made another one and merged them together. Instead of growing bigger, the sphere actually shrunk but got darker.

Now, it resembled a gray golf ball. Soon, he mixed it with paralyze inducement, so the emperor wouldn't be making trouble.

"I am always fascinated by your poison manipulation." Mistress Candace praised sincerely.

She knew that for a human, any type of elemental manipulation was extremely difficult to master.

After all, they weren't like the half-serpent with high affinity to poison, or red dragons with high affinity to fire...etc

So, to see Felix able to liquify poison and condense it into a ball in less than a few seconds was a feat that should be celebrated.

"Thank you." Felix smiled in appreciation while making another dosage for emergencies.

The tenants in his mind had a terrible high standard to be met, making it hard for Felix to earn a few praises over his hard work.

So, it felt quite nice to have someone finally recognizing his immense efforts.

"Can you make the void rift?" Felix requested.

Mistress Candace opened one behind the emperor without questions asked.

Felix made a small cut on the emperor's arm and injected the full dosage of truth inducement.

Then, he made him sit on a chair and retrieved his hypotension inducement from his bloodstream.

With his external manipulation and close range to an open wound, it wasn't that hard.

After he detoxified his bloodstream, he noticed that his blood pressure was on the rise.

This entailed that he would be gaining consciousness soon.

"Be prepared to close the rift." Felix warned one last time before focusing on the emperor's twitching eyelids.

A few moments later, the emperor opened his muddled eyes and stared at Felix and Mistress Candace.

Alas, his vision was too blurry and shaky to see their faces.

'Where am I? Who are those two? What's happening to me...' Emperor Rawal felt like his head was about to split apart.

The only thing he was able to do was ask questions in his mind like he wasn't in control of his body anymore.

"What's your full name?" Felix started the interrogation after seeing emperor Rawal's state.

'Name? Who are those clowns! Why am I paralyzed?!'

"My..my..Name is Rawal Norfolk the Third." Emperor Rawal stuttered an answer.

'What!? Why did I say that! Am I poisoned?' Emperor Rawal's thought process was thrown into chaos after hearing himself.

It seemed like Felix's dose was enough to get answers but not enough to cause a mental blackout.

Felix didn't care as much and continued asking basic questions. Emperor Rawal kept answering truthfully against his own will.

Because he was experiencing an agonizing headache due to the truth inducement, he was finding it harder to recall anything from his memories.

If he couldn't even think properly, there was no way he could activate an ability.

"Tell me the ten names of the assigned leaders and their locations."

However, the moment Felix asked this question, the kidnapping memory was triggered forcefully.

'It's them!' Emperor Rawal seethed in his mind after recalling what happened.

However, that anger was soon turned into fear. Two individuals manged to kill his right-hand man and kidnap him in a second.

No origin bloodliner in the galaxy was capable of doing that.

'Who are those monsters and why are they even allowed to join the battleground!'

While he was questioning Queen's decision to let them inside the battleground, his mouth was giving out information about the ten leaders akin to a professional snitch.

"Thomas Sinai, he lives in slums of district nine in the entertainment hub. He is short, has a brown hair, green eyes, and crooked teeth."

"And?" Felix knitted his eyebrows after emperor Rawal stopped speaking after reaching the 9th assigned leader.

"Samar Mollan, she live..."

"F*ck!"

Felix cursed in irritation after realizing that he was about recycle through the names again.

This signified that he truly had no idea about the tenth leader!

"Why don't you know about it?!" Felix asked him with a pissed tone.

"Commander Hade advised that I let him pick the tenth leader." Emperor Rawal spoke truthfully with a dazed look, "I didn't care too much about the ten leaders and just allowed him to do as he pleased."

"F***CK!" Felix wanted to punch the emperor Rawal hard on his face for his retarded over-confidence.

Emperor Rawal clearly never doubted for a second that he would lose the war.

Since the ten leaders was the worst possible method to win a war, he honestly didn't give too much of hoot about them.

He picked nine trusted people and hid them thoroughly on location that only he knew about it.

Unless the alliance federation managed to destroy those nine planets or slaughter everyone on them, there was no way to find them.

So, when his commander asked him to give him the right to pick a tenth leader, he didn't give a shit.

Hell, he didn't even bother to ask him about the person he picked.

Felix was right, Emperor Rawal wasn't caution enough to believe that someone could extract the Intel out of him.

But he did ruin Felix's original plan by simply being himself.

"God damn it!"

Remembering the blown up head of commander Hade made Felix even more pissed.

This time, he was pissed at himself for not kidnapping them both and being done with it.

Though, it would be harder to achieve so without some struggle.

Felix didn't want to give emperor Rawal even a second to activate any ability.

"Don't beat yourself up too much." Asna comforted him, "Who would believe that the commander knows a leader's name that wasn't known to this egoistic emperor?"