Chapter 739 - The Interrogation II

Felix still wasn't too pleased with himself.

It was such a small mishap, but it ruined his plan.

He knew that commander Hade wasn't the tenth assigned leader since he killed him and received no notification from the Queen.

'We can only convince him to surrender now.' Felix said coldly.

Since finding the tenth leader was going to be impossible in such a massive territory, Felix wasn't planning on wasting his time on a wild goose chase.

"Can't we force him to say the words with your poison?" Mistress Candace wondered.

"No, Queen Ai can see that he is under influence." Felix said, "For the surrender to go through, the emperor needed to say the words with clear mind."

"It will be hard to achieve so." Mistress Candace said, "The moment you detoxify him, he will start making trouble."

Naturally, the instant emperor Rawal regained his mental capabilities, he wouldn't hesitate to use his abilities.

Felix knew that he was a Gem elementalist with many horrid defensive abilities. Felix didn't want to fight in his spaceship lest it gets ruined.

"I came prepared for such." Felix beamed a crystal potion that was full of a glittering liquid.

"Oh, Elemental Sponge Potion. Hehe, I like your style." Mistress Candace giggled after recognizing the potion immediately.

It was a three-star rank 4 potion that was able to absorb elemental energy out of any life form or object!Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Felix had concocted it personally months ago when he was gathering the void army.

He didn't waste those four months reclaiming a planet after the other without working on himself and plan.

"Drink up." Felix forcefully chugged the potion through emperor Rawal's mouth.

'NOOOOOO!! NOOOO!! STOOOOP!!'

Meanwhile, emperor Rawal was crying out loud in terror.

Who could blame him?

The moment the content of the potion entered his stomach, the glittering liquid began to absorb any elemental energy in his body.

The worst part, the more it absorbed, the gooier and bigger the substance gets!

Since he was an origin bloodliner, his elemental pool was at least ten times bigger than Felix without counting Asna's emergency tank.

With so much energy absorbed, emperor Rawal stomach kept getting larger and larger, making him resemble a pregnant woman on her 8th month.

After a few short moments of such an humiliating image to the emperor, the sponge stopped absorbing the elemental energy and began forcing itself through emperor Rawal's throat.

AAAAAAAA!!

Thud!!

At last, emperor Rawal managed to vomit it out forcefully even though he was paralyzed.

The pain was truly unimaginable...Emperor Rawal could only vent some of it through screaming in his mind.

Felix kicked the giant gooey substance inside the void rift and watched it disintegrate within a split second.

Then, he turned to emperor Rawal, who appeared to have lost his consciousness, and fed him just a tiny bit of elemental energy.

Enough to keep him conscious during their conversation.

...

In a short while, emperor Rawal regained his consciousness. This time, he wasn't mentally impaired by anything and his vision was crystal clear.

"Landlord?!" Stunned, he exclaimed after seeing Felix sitting in front of him while Mistress Candace was standing behind him.

So many questions coursed on his mind, but at the same time he felt that Felix being the progenitor was the most logical conclusion.

He always knew that he would be joining the war after finding out that Earth was protected heavily by the federation alliance.

Emperor Rawal never underestimated Felix or his organization. In fact, he rushed to kick-start this war just because he was fearful of his future.

Felix was about to start battling diamond ranked players, and no one knew whether he even reached origin realm or not.

Such a variable was too big to be left alone.

Yet, no matter how much he overestimated Felix, he never thought for a second that he was capable of kidnapping him in a blink of an eye.

"Just how?" Emperor Rawal forgot his pain, his anger, his fear, and everything else.

He just wanted to know how did Felix pull this of.

"I am the one asking questions." Felix ignored his inquiry and ordered him coldly, "End this war and I might give you a peaceful and proud death."

Emperor glanced at his AP bracelet and realized that it was taken from him.

Felix's wasn't dumb to leave the emperor's bracelet...It was traceable in emergencies, and he wanted to avoid dealing with the Royal Army now.

Emperor Rawal couldn't help but chuckle in derision.

His limbs were paralyzed by Felix's poison, his elemental energy had been sucked dry, and his AP bracelet was taken from him.

He was as hopeless as a sparrow without wings.

"I can only speak and move my eyes." Emperor Rawal snickered, "You can do whatever you want to me. Yet, you prefer not to answer a single question of mine?"

"You're afraid that by giving me time to think, I might just grow enough courage to blew my soul?"

Blowing one's soul truly took great guts.

After all, most people believed in the spirit realm in the universe even though they have never seen it.

The only way to enter it was by keeping your soul intact after dying.

Who would say no to the 'afterlife'?

Felix sighed and said, "You are still asking questions."

Before emperor Rawal could talk back, Felix's fingers started to sizzle with thin lines of electricity.

In a few moments, there were millions of those thin lines coursing through his arms.

Then, they slithered towards emperor Rawal's arms akin to little snakes. They covered his entire body and even went inside through his orifices.

"Are you going to surrender?" Felix asked again indifferently.

"You can't scare me with a bit of pain." Emperor Rawal sneered, feeling just ticklish by those electricity lines.

"Boy, the pain I have experienced in my journey can never be compared to anything you do t...AAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!"

Alas, his statement was cut in half by his agonizing high-pitched screech!

It was such a harrowing screech, anyone who heard it, would think that it came from a young woman.

A young woman with zero tolerance to pain instead of an origin bloodliner with one of the toughest pain tolerances in the galaxy!

"What did you to him?" Mistress Candace wondered in intrigue after seeing that emperor Rawal had passed out from the agony after a few seconds.

"Nothing much." Felix said nonchalantly while withdrawing the electricity snakes, "I just teased every single pain receptor in his body directly with electricity."

Mistress Candace shivered after imagining the same happening to her. Human bodies have 200 pain receptors for every square centimeter in their skin.

To target all of them at the same time required uncanny precision and knowledge of the human body.

"Wake him up." Felix said.

Mistress Candace stepped forth and slapped emperor Rawal a few times until he regained consciousness.

This time, emperor Rawal's expression was as ugly as it could get. He was sweating all over and his heartbeats was that of a sprinting hound.

The pain had finally set him straight.

"Will you surrender now?" Felix asked calmly.

Seeing that emperor Rawal wasn't talking, Felix snapped his finger and the same electrical thin lines appeared over his skin.

The moment emperor Rawal saw them, he shivered and spoke hastily, "I can surrender if my conditions were accepted."

"Speak." Felix decided to hear him out.

"I want to retain 20% of my territory and resources. My royal family will be spared. We will sign a contract that forbid you or the federation alliance from making a move on us for eternity." Emperor Rawal proposed.

He was a smart individual, who already realized that his empire was done for the moment he got caught.

Instead of getting tortured needlessly, better be done with it and make a deal to ensure his survival.

Unfortunately for him, his conditions were laughable in Felix's eyes.

"Here is my counter offer that isn't negotiable. You will get a single deserted planet at the outskirts of the empire, and you can't leave it. You will retain not a single item or coin. You can decide whether you want your family to live with you or not." Felix offered indifferently.

"You serious?" Emperor Rawal eyed Felix in disbelief.

"Dead serious."

20% territory? Retain resources? Remain untouched for eternity?

In Felix's eyes, he must have shocked him brainless with electricity to believe that his surrender valued that much.

Felix sought a surrender from him to end this war with less bloodshed than necessary. But, it didn't mean that he couldn't stomach massacring the Royal Army.

It was simply the last option.