Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 740 - Releasing a Video.

"You want me to live like a dog away from civilization?" Emperor Rawal yelled furiously, "I would rather die than live such a humiliating life!"

"Is that your final decision?" Felix eyed him coldly.

"You are making a grave mistake." Emperor Rawal advised Felix when he saw him unwilling to negotiate the conditions.

"I doubt it."

"Doubt it?" Emperor Rawal snickered, "I am the only one capable of ending the war with one word. If I died, neither my wives nor the rest of my family were capable of doing so."

In ruleless wars, the option to surrender didn't get passed down to another after the supreme leader dies like in other wars.

In fact, the leader chose if he wanted to use that system or simply take away the option with him.

Concerning federation alliance, Zosia was the leader.

When she dies, the right to surrender get passed over to the five elders. If they died as well, the right to surrender move on to Maganda Chief and the other three.

At last, it would be passed over to the rest of the alliance leaders to vote on it.

However, emperor Rawal wasn't that democratic as them.

From the get go, he decided that unless he surrendered personally, no one had the right to do it.

As an egoistic bastard, he would rather have the war continue raging on after his death just to cause more chaos and bloodshed!

This was one of the many reasons Felix didn't want to be lenient with him.

He would never allow such a scumbag to continue living comfortably after losing the war.

"Based on your personality, I knew that you make such a decision." Felix shared causally.

"Wait...Then, you do realize that the only option left to end the war is dealing with my forces?" Emperor Rawal was weirded out by Felix's casualness.

"You might be strong and capable enough to take me down." Emperor Rawal sneered, "But, you can't do the same against my forces! You need an army to deal with them and the federation army is a joke."

Emperor Rawal's confidence to reopen negotiation stemmed from this fact.

He knew that Felix would be able to end the war eventually, but it would take years of constant fighting to take down 90% of his forces.

No one would like to waste years of his time for something that could be done in a second.

"You are right, the federation alliance's army is a joke." Felix smiled coldly, "That's why I brought my own army."

"Own army?" Emperor Rawal laughed, "Now, you are just straight out bullshiting me."

"I don't care whether you believe it or not." Felix asked one last time, "Will you accept my conditions or not?"

"Your answer better be yes or no."

This time, Felix aimed a void seeker right in front of emperor Rawal's face.

'Since it came to this, might as well take those two f*ckers with me.' Emperor Rawal's expression remained static, but his thoughts were extremely dark.

He never believed in the spirit realm or any of that crap. If he believed in it, he wouldn't have done as many sins in his journey.

Emperor Rawal wasn't joking one bit when he mentioned that he would rather die than live as a dog away from civilization.

"Fine, Fine, I will accept it." Emperor Rawal sighed, "Anything is better than death."

'He is lying.' Lady Sphinx said causally without bothering to lift her eyes from her book.

BAM!

The instant Felix heard so, he didn't hesitate to kick him into the void realm!

'Huh?'

Emperor Rawal wasn't given even a split second to react before he was engulfed by the void energy.

Mistress Candace closed the void rift immediately.

"Wait a few seconds before staring into the void." Felix advised.

He knew that soul explosion took a few seconds to occur. The only way to see it coming was to be inside the consciousness space.

So, if it wasn't for Lady Sphinx's warning, they would have been in a pinch.

Emperor Rawal tried to buy time for the explosion to occur, not realizing that he just gave himself up.

"The void realm really is a beast." Mistress Candace commented.

Felix lowered his headband and couldn't help but feel goosebumps course on his skin at the sight of nothingness.

The explosion occurred just a few seconds ago, yet there wasn't any indication of it happening.

The void energy was so potent, it absorbed even the light particles produced from the explosion in the blink of an eye.

Such sights made Felix always grateful for having his void immunity.

"Now that loser is dead, are you going to start your hunt?" Asna wondered.

"Before that, we need to rattle their armies, so it will be easier for them to give up." Felix brought out a recording of what happened here and then edited it.

The final version made emperor Rawal appear like a dick leader, who cared only about his survival and pride instead of his citizens and army.

He didn't even beseech Felix to spare the generals or governors. Just himself and the royal family.

"You see, we don't really need to kill 90% of the royal family troops. We just to make them lose faith in their cause. So, when I appear before them, they will not attempt to fight my army to death."

Felix said while publishing the video from one of his social media accounts that were managed by his agent Emma.

The fact that both the great commander and emperor were killed had already done 50% of the job for Felix.

When this video goes viral, another 30% would be added.

The moment Felix shows up with his void army, no sane general or soldier would dare to continue fighting in this war.

"As long as we promise them that they will not get executed after they surrender themselves, they will lower their weapons." Felix said.

Just like that, the war would be concluded with the minimum number of casualties.

...

Felix made a smart decision to release the edited video through his social media account.

Unbeknownst to him, he had over 1.9 active trillion followers throughout the universe!

His agent Emma kept those accounts alive by memes, pictures, highlights, motivation sentences, and more.

No one knew for sure if he was responsible over the account or just an agent.

But after this video was released? No one bothered to think about it anymore.

The entire galaxy was flipped upside down the moment the content of the video had been watched!

"COMMANDER! COMMANDER!!"

Zosia's assistant, who was known for his composed personality, rushed through Zosia's office like his ass was on fire.

"How impud..."

Before Zosia could scold him for breaking her focus, he yelled with an agitated expression, "Felix has killed both commander Hade and the emperor!!!"

"Huh?" Zosia was left stunned by his bold statement.

"Watch this! It was released on Landlord's official social media account!" The assistant created a hologram with the video on it.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Then, he played it and watched it again with Zosia.

The first thing that appeared on the video was enough for Zosia's heart to skip a beat.

'How...H..ow?'

In complete stupefaction, she watched Felix kill commander Hade and kidnap the emperor before the video skipped to the interrogation.

Everything that had been discussed between Felix and emperor Rawal was recorded until the negotiation fell, making Felix kick emperor Rawal inside the void realm.

After the void rift was closed shut, the video ended with a single statement written on a black screen.

-The War is Over.-

"This video is currently trending throughout the entire universe! Many professionals had confirmed its authenticity even though its content is on border of insanity!" The assistant's agitation didn't ease up one bit even after showing the video to Zosia.

Zosia wasn't reacting any better than him. In fact, she took the shock much worse than him.

She was just researching new strategies to turn the war around to their favor even though she knew that it was a slim chance.

Yet now, she just heard that her archenemy, the one responsible for the death of her parents, was kidnapped and killed akin to a hopeless weakling?

She couldn't handle the news one bit.

Adding her extreme shock to the mental exhaustion she was experiencing throughout the war had resulted in one outcome...

"Commander? Commander? Co...."

Thud!

Zosia Everglow, the great commander of the federation army and an origin bloodliner, had ended up fainting in her office.

No one would believe it if they didn't see it on their own!

"Commander..." Even her assistant was left dumbfounded on the spot, not knowing what to do.