Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 741 - Giving Him a Reason to Surrender.

While Zosia's assistant was trying to wake her up, the video continued making waves throughout the universe.

Landlord's fans went absolutely berserk in the network after seeing Felix's new appearance and set of abilities.

[Only our lord is capable of kidnapping an emperor from his throne!]

[No wonder he was missing for over two years! He was disguising himself as Lance!]

[Glad someone saw through it as well.]

[It's pretty obvious with the hair and that weird eye.]

[Is it just me who thinks that he is using void-based abilities? He kicked the emperor through a void rift and closed it.]

[Maybe it's that hottie with him in maid outfit? I will die just to spend a night with her.]

[Is it even possible to use void abilities? Not a single race in the universe can use that element besides the void creatures.]

[Did Landlord become an intelligent void creature...Wow, this is huge if it's true!]

Most viewers easily managed to connect the dots between Felix and Lance.

They shared great resemblance, their strength and unique abilities were just too mysterious, and lastly, both of them were connected to void realm matters.

Although Felix edited the video to hide as much as possible, he couldn't hide the void rift behind emperor Rawal.

If he edited it out, the video would be tampered, and it would lose some of its credibility.

Still, Felix didn't care that his ability to open void rifts was exposed.

He was bound to be seen using void abilities eventually either in the war or the games.

...

While the majority of the viewers were actually attracted to the void rift, and it's relation to Felix, the generals, soldiers, and citizens of the royal family focused on the real purpose of the video!

The interrogation of their emperor and his unexpected death!

They didn't give a crap about Felix's abilities or Mistress Candace's beauty.

The only thought in their mind was that their emperor was actually dead.

"I can't believe it...He ruled for over forty thousand years...Is this how he died?"

"Thank you lord!! He is finally put down!!"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"What's the point of fighting anymore? That sadistic bastard refused to surrender even when he was given a way out. He really wants us to fight a losing war?"

"Nothing is lost yet! That video is fabricated, and our emperor will appear soon to address it!"

Everyone had a different reaction to video in the royal family's territory.

While the citizens were somewhat happy about his death, the soldiers and generals were left completely confused.

Emperor Rawal was the head of the snake. With his death, the troops were thrown into disarray, having no clue what to do next.

A few minutes ago, they were over the moon at their recent victories.

Nothing seemed impossible when emperor Rawal was behind them.

His strategies were more than affective and boosted their morale to its highest.

Yet, everything crumbled down with a single video.

In their minds, if even emperor Rawal ended up with such fate, they would experience something much worse than him.

"Shit, shit, shit! It happened too soon!" Queen Norfolk was livid when she saw the video and its grave effects on their army.

She was just preparing to take over emperor Rawal command, hoping that when the news get leaked, she would have a tight grasp over the army.

But now? It was a farfetched dream.

Most of the royal family members were liquifying their assets cheap in the market, hoping to get as many coins as possible.

Generals had their hands full trying to pacify their soldiers while wishing that a new leader would be elected soon.

The citizens in most of the royal family territories were celebrating in the streets over the death of emperor's tyranny.

The federation army were mobilizing their forces like they were ejected with high dosage of adrenaline.

They didn't hesitate to take advantage of the situation to engage in battles with any Royal Army forces on the way.

Everyone could see that the tides of the war had been switched in favor of the federation army.

All of this was caused by a single person and a single death.

"This is not over yet!"

Queen Norfolk refused to accept this ending no matter what.

She saw the video and understood that Felix had absolutely no intentions of negotiating with the royal family.

As a proud queen and origin bloodliner, there was no way in hell she would accept being imprisoned in a deserted planet with her family.

Queen Norfolk reached out to every general in the army responsible over the invasion and ordered them to attack the nearest planet to them without care about strategy or such!

When the emperor was alive, the invasion was going at a slow and calculated pace.

But now, Queen Norfolk threw caution to the wind and just wanted to create as much havoc as possible.

In her eyes, this would ruin the rising momentum of the federation army.

...

"Tsk, can't she just accept our defeat and be done with it." Commander Edward clicked his tongue in criticism after receiving the latest orders.

As a commander, he would be receiving a light punishment compared to the royal family since he was a valuable asset.

He would simply be forced to sign a temporary slavery contract to ensure his loyalty to the federation after the war.

The rest of the soldiers and generals would be receiving the same fate more or less.

"You heard her, change our direction to Fedora." Commander Edward ordered.

Although he wanted to surrender and get captured, he couldn't do so without a real threat to his fleet. Otherwise, Queen Ai would consider it as a mutiny.

Unbeknownst to him, he was just about to be given a reason.

Out of nowhere, Felix and Mistress Candace emerged in the middle of the five-star nova fleet formation!

Felix eyed the hundreds of warships surrounding him and said indifferently, "Let's begin."

Mistress Candace nodded at him and then widened her void rift to its limit!

Meanwhile, Nimo commanded a single void raccoon to cross over to the matter universe through the void rift.

"What the hell is that???"

A warship's pilot, that was facing the void rift, couldn't help but exclaim in shock at the sight of a humongous void raccoon emerging from the rift!

It was so massive, tens of warships ended up inside its expanding body before it could even attack!

"COMMANDER! We ARE UNDER ATTACK!!"

Such a large ruckus wasn't gone unnoticed by the rest of the warships.

"Dear lord, is that a void creature?"

Commander Edward was absolutely stupefied by the sight of the colossal void raccoon amidst their formation.

"How is this possible?? How can void creatures be in the battleground?"

Void creatures were the last thing anyone expected to appear on a virtual battleground.

"Commander! What do we do?!!"

"It's attacking us!"

"Should we fire?!"

The radio was buzzing noisily with the warships captains seeking orders desperately.

They thought that the void raccoon was attacking them, but it was simply Felix playing with Nimo's arms.

The void raccoon was copying the same movement.

With his towering size, every time it moved its arms, five to ten warships get engulfed within them helplessly.

Some captains were already terrified out of their wits to wait for orders. They started to fire orange beams at void raccoon, hoping to cause some damage.

Alas, to kill a void creature, the only known method was to overwhelm them with massive burst of energy.

Those orange lasers weren't even enough to tickle the void raccoon.

"Stop! F*cking stop wasting your energy and wait for my command to strike at once!" As veteran Commander, Edward swiftly restored his composure and began bossing the captains.

"We need to retreat for now!" Commander Edward ordered everyone to pull back.

There was no way they could win against a void creature with such a behemoth size in close range and without a proper firepower.

The captains didn't disagree with him at all. They swiftly turned on their main engine and traveled as far as possible from the void raccoon.

When commander Edward saw that they had created enough distance from the void raccoon, he stopped his warship and ordered the fleet to regroup again.

"First the emperor and great commander getting killed. Now, a cosmic void creature assaulting us from nowhere?"

Flustered and perplexed, commander Edward exhaled a long breath, trying to regain control over his emotions.

"I know right? Nothing is making sense anymore."

"Amen to tha..Huh?"

Commander Edward wasn't able to complete his sentence before his blood went cold all of a sudden.

He was quick to realize that no one on his crew had such a voice. Yet, it was too familiar like he just heard it a few minutes ago...

'Landlord!!!'

Commander Edward was shaken to the core from terror. He wanted to turn around and check, but his head refused to listen to him.

When he eyed the rest of his crew, he realized that no one was speaking or moving...They were sitting in their positions akin to being frozen in time.

'Spiritual Pressure...' Commander Edward instantly recognized what's happening to him and his crew.

He was an knowledgeable old man, but he was still at mere 6th stage of replacement.

This made him understand that if Felix desired it...Everyone's heads in the operation room would pop off immediately.

"How did you find my void pet?" Felix smiled with an easy-going expression while sitting on the captain's seat right behind Commander Edward.