Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 742 - The Final Act I

"Void pet? That monstrosity is yours?" Commander Edward forgot about his fear as he exclaimed with an astounded expression.

"Indeed." Felix turned his finger around, forcing commander Edward to face him against his will.

Now that they were face to face, Commander Edward didn't know how to react after seeing Felix sitting on his chair while caressing Nimo's back.

Nimo was sitting on his lap while staring at commander Edward with his soul-capturing deep black eyes.

'This raccoon looks similar to the one that attacked us.' Commander Edward gulped fearfully and switched his vision to back to Felix.

He didn't know why, but he felt like Nimo was the evilest thing he had ever seen in his life.

"I am just here to give you a reason to surrender." Felix smiled, "I don't think you want my pet to make another visit again right?"

"It's not like I have any other choice here?" Commander Edward chuckled in derision as he glanced at his frozen crew.

"Sign this contract and head to the nearest planet belonging to the federation." Felix forwarded a contract to commander Edward and added, "You will be imprisoned there with the rest of the soldiers until further notice."

"I understand." Commander Edward signed the contract in a blink of an eye.

"I guess we are done here." Felix nodded and then disappeared into a void rift behind him.

Thud Thud Thud!...

Everyone in the operation room were released from the spiritual pressure constrains simultaneously.

"F*cking hell! I almost had a heart attack!"

"Did he leave? I am scared to look behind me."

"Thank god he spared us."

The crew finally were given the right to express themselves from this traumatizing experience. Being in the same room as Felix was truly much scarier than anything they experienced in their lives.

"I guess our direction is still Fedora." Commander Edward chuckled at the irony of it.

A few minutes ago they were going to Fedora for an invasion. Now, they were heading there to be prisoners on their own will.

The contract signed was for everyone in the fleet.

This meant that commander Edward had just enslaved thousands of soldiers without their permission.

This was the reason a valid excuse must be given before a commander could surrender.

He wasn't responsible for himself but for everyone in his fleet.

Felix's void raccoon that was capable of slaughtering them was all the reason he needed for his surrender to be accepted by Queen Ai.

If Felix simply attacked the cockpit and tried to force a surrender, the Queen would not have approved of it.

Just because a commander was being held at a gunpoint, it didn't mean that thousands of soldiers needed to suffer due to his cowardliness.

Hence, the only ways to force a surrender was either by a large threat to the entire fleet, or a unified decision to surrender approved by the soldiers as well as the commander.

...

Felix spent the next hour hunting a fleet after the other. In every time, he attacked them with a single void raccoon and then forced them to give up.

In a mere hour, he managed to take down more than three thousand warships that were spread out in the federation's territory!

With the emperor memories, it wasn't that hard to find their approximate location.

Because the war was streamed live, his actions hadn't gone unnoticed.

The majority of the viewers were left absolutely speechless by his uncanny speed of taking down fleet after the other.

Yet, nothing shocked them more than seeing a live void creature that was as big as a asteroid listening to Felix's commands!

[It's confirmed! Landlord is an intelligent void creature!]

[It's simply impossible to travel through the void realm as a human. Don't even mention controlling an actual void creature.]

[You guys are dumb, Felix is clearly a human! Ask Queen Ai, and she will confirm it immediately.]

[It's more believable that he must have found a way to harness void energy and control void creatures!]

With Felix's ongoing fleet hunt, everyone forgot about the video!

The shocking discovery of Felix being capable of traveling through the void realm and controlling void creatures was more than enough to steal the spotlight from any news in the universe!

That's right, most of the races in far away galaxies tuned in to watch the ongoing hunt.

Even the top upper echelon of ten races in the SGAlliance had their interest piqued.

Traveling through the void realm was already a remarkable achievement that had never been accomplished before.

But to control void creatures? That was a whole different story!

"You better be prepared for the shit storm coming in your way." Thor chuckled, "You just displayed two things that the ten SGAlliance leaders would pay anything to get their hands on."

"I am more worried about the primogenitors though." Felix said as he traveled towards the Mariana empire capital city.

"You don't need to worry about them." Lady Sphinx mentioned, "Neither traveling the void realm nor controlling void creatures is of significance to them."

It did make sense. Primogenitors had no use for void creatures or traveling the void realm unlike the mortals.

"If it's like that, then there is no problem." Felix smiled, "I can carry on my plan."

...

While Felix was traveling towards the Mariana capital planet, the five void guild leaders were eying each other with horror-stricken expressions.

They had already realized that Lance was Felix, and they had absolutely no problem with him being the president of the guild.

In fact, they were delighted since it meant having a close contact with the mythical phantom organization.

So, they were keeping up with the war news, so they could offer their support to Felix if he needed it.

However, the instant they saw the giant void raccoon assaulting the fleets under Felix's command, they all realized something that was overlooked by most people.

"It can't be right?" Winfried gulped a mouthful, "We are talking about fifty infected planet."

"Nothing explains it better than this." The Fang said, "Lance managed to reclaim fifty planets in four months. We sent many troops over there and found not a single void creature or any sign of battle."

"He must have opened a void rift just like he is doing and controlled the void creatures to enter it." Toby supported.

The instant those five saw those two abilities of Felix, they managed to connect the dots almost immediately.

After all, they were the only ones who were truly invested in finding Felix's method to reclaim those planets.

"Dear lord, doesn't that mean he is actually controlling 90 million void creatures?" Spooked, Hamaru couldn't help but take a deep breath.

"Who knows? So far, he just showed a single giant void creature." The Fang murmured, "Maybe that's his limit?"

"I don't think so." Toby sighed in sympathy for the Royal Army, "He just never needed to add extra when a single giant void creature is more than enough."

"90 million void creatures...If this is confirmed, then I believe that our president is probably one of the most fearsome individuals in the universe." Wilson commentated.

The five leaders had the most contact with void creatures throughout their lives.

They understood full well that 90 million void creature was more than enough to terrorize any empire or background in this universe.

Even the top ten races would struggle to deal with such amount at the same time.

"I have no idea how everyone will react if the president suddenly decided to show his true army." Winfried said.

"I think he won't." The Fang reasoned, "It's better to hide them as a trump card."

Unfortunately, Felix thought differently than The Fang.

Why hide something that could bring trouble when it could be used as the ultimate deterrence?

"Are you sure about this Sir Felix?" Mistress Candace asked while standing with Felix above the bustling capital city of the Mariana Empire.

"Never been more positive." Felix grinned coldly.

The instant she heard so, Mistress Candace opened thousands of small void rifts in the sky. Felix helped as well by opening at least hundreds smaller void rifts.

"Huh? Are those birds?"

"Honey, can you see as well those black dots in the sky?"

"They look like black holes to me..."

The sky was blue and clear of clouds, making those void rifts easily noticeable by the walking citizens.

When one stood still and began pointing his finger at the sky, humans' basic curiosity enforced the others to look above.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In a mere few seconds, loud chatter resounded in the streets as everyone was talking about those 'black holes.'

Just as their curiosity was about to die down, their eyes widened at the horrific sight of thousands of nightmarish void raccoons, filling up their sky every second!

In a mere thirty seconds, the sun above the city was already hidden behind a pitch-black curtain.

A curtain made out of tens of thousands void creature!

With each passing second, the curtain grew wider and wider until only darkness was upon the petrified citizens beneath...