Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 743 - The Final Act II

During every apocalyptic happening, mankind had two reactions...Flee or Freeze.

"RUUN!!"

"GET THE F*CK OUT OF THE WAY!!"

"IT'S VOID CREATURES!! RUUN!"

Most of the citizens, who joined the battlefield, were courageous...Courageous in the sense they were able to break through their mortification and run for their lives!

They didn't hesitate to push through the petrified citizens, hoping to get as far as possible from the all encasing black curtain.

Crash! BOOM!

The drivers were the worst of it.

They didn't care about anyone but themselves. This ended up creating many accidents on the road both above and below.

Some hove cars fell into buildings, some exploded within cafés, while some straight out landed on escaping citizens.

It was absolute chaos and disorder...Every man was for himself!

Whenever there was action in the battleground, Queen Ai make sure to highlight the stream for the viewers.

For those hungry viewers who were waiting for a Felix's next move, none of them had expected it would be this big!

[Oh Lord! This is the worst nightmare for anyone!]

[He can even make thousands of void rifts and split void creatures? Just how!!]

[They just keep flooding through the gates! Is there a limit? I'm a Landlord fan, and I am starting to feel a bit terrified of him.]

[Kill them all Landlord! They agreed to join the battleground on their own! o(≧o≦)o]

The stream chat flooded with hundreds of millions comments, it was impossible to read them individually!

Felix's hardcore fans had absolutely no issue if Felix ordered his void creatures to slaughter the entire city!

In their eyes, anyone in the battleground was considered as a soldier. Even if the citizens didn't carry a weapon, they assisted the army one way or another.

Meanwhile, the other reasonable viewers couldn't help but feel chills at the thought of being part of such an apocalyptic scene.

In their eyes, Felix truly resembled the devil.

He was the only one in the universe able to open the gates of hell and send demons on a frenzied slaughter wherever he desired!

Meanwhile, the Royal Army's soldiers didn't know if they should sigh in relief that Felix appeared in their capital city or feel mad about it.

The past hour was extremely stressful to them due to Felix's fleet hunt...He left them wondering whether it was their turn next or not.

At this moment, they just hoped for the royal family to give up, so they could follow them.

They were done with this war the moment it became a one-sided show of Felix.

Meanwhile, the chaos in the city was getting crazier and senseless. The police weren't able to contain it even a little.

The only thing they could do was report to their superiors, who already reported this happening to the royal palace.

They didn't even need to do so...Queen Norfolk and everyone within the palace were staring at the black curtain and the chaos from the windows.

The palace being built on a hill truly gave them the best viewing point to this apocalyptic sight.

"Ma'am! What do we do! We need to act now!" The advisors besought for commands with agitated expressions.

"Act?...What can we do?" Queen Norfolk chuckled in derision, "He will show up here any moment now."

"You sure quite capable."

Just like a ghost being summoned, Felix entered the room from a void rift while wearing his symbiote suit.

The advisors and guards almost pissed themselves from fright at the sight of a walking humanoid void creature.

The symbiote suit made Felix appear as terrifying as possible.

Before they could open their mouths, they found themselves unable to utter a single word or move.

"The same applies to you." Queen Norfolk said with a pretty smile while looking at him.

Felix exposed his head from the symbiote suit and walked towards her.

Soon, they stood together shoulder to shoulder. None of them seemed fazed by each other making a move.

Felix knew that Queen Norfolk was a poison elementalist. In other words, she was a mere standing commoner next to him.

She couldn't hurt him physically or with her abilities. Queen Norfolk recognized this as well.

Everyone knew that Felix was immune to poison from his games.

When she saw what happened to commander Hade in the video, she realized that he could literally do whatever he wanted with her even though she was an origin bloodliner.

As for spiritual pressure? It was below Felix's own, making her unable to affect him at all.

"Are you enjoying the view?" Felix smiled causally as he watched millions of his babies, covering the city from west to east.

"Not really."

Queen Norfolk crossed her arms as she eyed her citizens creating an unprecedented chaos and crisis before the void creatures attacked them.

"If you want to change it, I believe you know what to do." Felix said.

"What if I don't?" Queen Norfolk asked calmly.

"You really don't want to know that." Felix said calmly, "You saw that I am capable of stopping this war simply by forcing a surrender from your forces. It will take me at best a week to achieve it."

"Then, why aren't you doing it?" Queen Norfolk inquired in intrigue.

This time she was truly curious about Felix's motives for appearing like this in the capital and trying to force her to surrender.

She knew that if she surrendered, it meant that the royal family had decided to give up on the war.

Queen Ai wouldn't stop the war though but the soldiers would vote to surrender as well.

If even the royal family gave up, why would the soldiers continue fighting for them?

Just like that, more than 90% of the forces would be considered as taken care of and Queen Ai would have no choice but to end this war in favor of the federation.

So, she understood his reasoning for coming after her.

But, why couldn't he simply avoid dealing with her and continue hunting down fleets.

As he said, it would take him a week at best.

"That's an entire week wasted." Felix said nonchalantly, "I have other more important matters to attend than this."

"Matters more important than a galactical war?" Queen Norfolk was speechless by his answer.

Knowing that he had no reason to lie to her made it ever harder to accept his reasoning.

"I have given you the best stage to surrender." Felix extended his palm at the millions of void creatures and said, "No one will take you as a coward if you surrendered to save the lives of your citizen."

Felix already realized that the royal family cared more about public image than anything else.

Emperor Rawal would rather die than live a disgraceful life. Queen Norfolk was no different from him.

Now, Felix had given her the best stage to retire.

If she still held firm in her choice to carry on the fight, then he would make sure that she regrets that choice immensely.

Queen Norfolk also realized that it was finally time to put down their weapons. Felix had demonstrated that the entire empire wasn't his match.

A war that was supposed to last for more than a decade, he could end it in less than seven days at his worst.

So, what's the point anymore?

"I want to keep all of my assets outside the empire. I will live with my son in the Bardot empire. We can sign a contract that will ensure I never cross path again with the federation." Queen Norfolk enlisted a few terms with a hardened expression.

For a Queen to an ancient empire that lasted for eon, this was the hardest decision she ever had to make in her life.

"Hmm, seems responsible." Felix agreed to the conditions.

"I thought you will fight me over them." Queen Norfolk still was a bit traumatized over what happened to Emperor Rawal.

"You aren't as important as you think to me." Felix said.

"You won, you don't have to be a d*ck about it." Queen Norfolk's eyelids twitched as she said, "Just give me the damn contract to sign."

"I am just being honest." Felix murmured as he forwarded a contract with those terms written on it.

Queen Norfolk read it carefully and then signed it with shaky fingers.

The instant it was approved by Queen Ai, Felix turned around and walked away.

Just as he was about to enter the void rift, he said calmly, "You know what to do next."𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Queen Norfolk glanced one last time at the chaotic streets in the capital city and closed her eyes.

'The Norfolk Family Era has come into an end in my hands.' Queen Norfolk smiled bitterly.

Then, she turned to her freed advisors and ordered, "Set up a media conference, we have an announcement to make."