Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 744 - The Final Act III

Felix teleported next to the void rifts.

He met with Mistress Candace and Nimo, who were watching the void creatures continue to flood through the gates.

"It's done." Felix said.

"Should we withdraw the army?" Mistress Candace asked.

"Not yet." Felix smirked, "I didn't bring them here to get a simple surrender. It's bigger than that."

It might seem foolish to expose his army on a such a massive scale without a clear threat, but Felix knew what he was doing.

The instant he displayed his ability to travel through the void realm and control over void creatures, it made him a wanted target by the SGAlliance leaders.

Every populated galaxy was under constant invasion from the void creatures.

This made Felix's method to control void creatures extremely enticing to those leaders.

Felix didn't doubt for a second that they were conducting a meeting on how deal with him at this moment...As an dangerous individual who needed to be respected and treated politely, or simply a weakling that could be pushed around.

Felix understood that a single void raccoon wasn't enough to paint a dangerous image in the eyes of the SGAlliance leaders.

However, ninety million void creatures?

That's a number that would send chills through their spines and make them recognize that Felix shouldn't be antagonized without a reason.

When Felix said that he created the perfect stage for Queen Norfolk wasn't really the case.

He built this stage for himself, to demonstrate to everyone in the universe the dreadful consequence of going after him.

"Indeed, it's stupid to hold back after showing a little of your capabilities." Thor supported Felix's decision, "You either hide everything or go all out. Teasing their greed will just screw you over."

The viewers' reaction in the stream was the best proof to Felix's decision.

No one was commenting freely anymore after more than twenty millions void creatures had crossed over.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Twenty millions void creature was more than enough to cover the entire city from every single corner and spread out to the suburbs outside.

Even the royal palace lost its luster when the void creatures submerged the sky above it.

Forty millions void creature later, the chaos in the city had been quenched forcefully.

The citizens realized that regardless of where they run, the void creatures would get to them always.

So, they just fell into despair and began beseeching the Queen to save them.

"Little Rascal...You really have grown too big for your grandpa to understand." Robert smiled bitterly as he watched the live stream with the elders.

"Forty millions and still increasing...Dear lord, he could wipe out the entire planet from existence in less than a year." Queen Allura was left absolutely shell shocked by her junior's capabilities.

She knew that Lady Sphinx took care of him, but she had no idea it would be by this much.

In her eyes, Lady Sphinx was the only one able to figure out a method to control void creatures and hand over command to her student.

Felix's friends and enemies at the academy felt goosebumps at the thought that such a monster was studying with them.

They knew that he was different but no one expected it to be by this much.

Fifteen minutes later...More than sixty million void creatures had crossed over.

Queen Norfolk had already made a swift media conference and announced that the royal family had decided to surrender.

Then, she requested all the soldiers to do the same, so the war could end peacefully without any more bloodshed.

Just like royal pardon was given to them, the soldiers didn't hesitate to vote for surrendering.

The sixty million void creature that encased a quarter of the planet's sky had turned their knees into jelly.

They just wanted to log out from this hell as fast as possible.

In less than ten minutes, more than 90% of the forces had surrendered and allowed themselves to be captured!

The instant 90% was reached, Queen Ai sent a galactical-wide notification through the minds of every person in the battleground.

'The federation alliance had successfully taken down 90% of the opposite side forces. By the authority vested in me, I now proclaim that the federation alliance has won the war.'

This notification resounded three times to ensure that it was the real deal. Yet, no one seemed to care about it or was shocked to hear it.

Zosia, Maganda Chief, Gabriel, Berry, Raka, the five elders, and the rest of the federation allies were all focusing on a single stream.

A stream that was showing more than a quarter of the planet had been painted dark.

Even after the Queen had declared the end of the war, Felix didn't stop the void creatures from crossing over!

He just stood with his hands in his pockets above a small void rift, making him appear like he was hovering midair.

He did nothing but watch his void creatures consume the sky until the horizon wasn't seen anymore...Until, the sunlight was completely blocked from reaching the city, making it as dark as the void realm.

Literally.

[...]

[...]

The stream viewers had their fingers frozen on their screens, wanting to write something but finding no words to express what they were seeing and feeling.

When the headcount reached eighty million, most viewers stopped asking Queen Ai about the count.

It just seemed like they would be flooding from the void rifts forever and ever...

At this point, no one dared to write a bad remark or a joke about Felix.

'The battleground would be closed in seven days. Please conclude all hung matters before its closure.'

'The federation alliance and royal family citizens are free to log out.'

Queen Ai notified everyone again three times.

There was no point in keeping the battleground up and running when the war was over.

The data it consumed was unfathomable.

"This should be enough." Felix snapped his finger and closed his void rifts the moment he heard the notifications.

Mistress Candace did the same, causing the void creatures' flood to halt abruptly.

"Our work here is done." Felix nodded at Mistress Candace and then logged out.

When he opened his eyes in the real world, he requested the Queen to stop his spaceship and also to log out Nimo and Mistress Candace.

Felix's disappearance didn't go unnoticed by the public.

Everyone realized that he logged out because the eighty million void creature began to disintegrate into particles.

The sun rays started to penetrate the black curtain that placed the citizens into a state of fear and despair, which would never be forgotten for the rest of their lives.

In a mere few seconds, the capital planet had returned to its sunny bright atmosphere, making everything seem like it was just a bad nightmare.

But the citizens, viewers, and leaders all knew that in real life, it wouldn't be as easy to remove eighty million void creatures like this.

Queen Ai wouldn't be there to remind them that they were in the UVR, and they could just log out.

In real life, those eighty million void creatures were more than enough to devour a planet in less than a year.

****

Seven days later...

The battleground was officially closed shut. Everyone logged out, leaving behind them everything.

The federation's victory wasn't celebrated as heavily as some would think.

At least, the federation leaders didn't have the stomach to celebrate when the war had been ended up by a single person in a single day...literally.

It made it appear like the galactical war was just a fight between two kids, and of the kids called for his big brother when he was being beaten to the ground.

What's even worse, the contribution to the war conclusion had almost gone to Felix alone!

Queen Ai rated Felix's contribution as 99% of the job done by him!

If Felix wasn't late by a full year, the federation wouldn't even be getting that 1% since all they did was have their asses handed to them.

Because Felix was the legitimate owner to Earth, which was considered as one of the allies, it meant that Earth had won everything!

Based on the federation contract rules, the loot would be split based on contribution of each background.

Since Felix had single-handedly ended the war, it meant that the royal family territory and all of their assets were his to grab...Besides 1% of it, that needed to be split among hundreds of backgrounds.

In normal cases, this should have risen a revolt.

However, after Felix's demonstration in Mariana Capital city, not a single background dared to complain about the distribution.

In truth, they shouldn't be complaining even without that demonstration. If Felix didn't take matters in his own hands, they would have never won the war.

The past would repeat itself.

At least, they now still possess what they originally owned.

On the other hand, Earth had skyrocketed from being a backward planet to the most important planet in the Mariana Empire.

All of this with a single statement by Felix in his social medial account.

-From henceforth, Earth is the official political capital of the Mariana Empire.-

If any other leader announced such a significant decision online without being approved by the new federation council, they would have been scolded and punished.

But, when it came to Felix?

Not a single leader dared to question his decision.

All of them were on board with turning Earth as the political capital of the empire.

Such an overwhelming support by the allies made it crystal clear that the federation's democracy was a hoax.

The Federation was now owned by Felix Maxwell indirectly...Whether they liked it or not.

When the public realized that he was the void guild president in the guardian empire and had high reputation to be the great commander of the army, they started to feel like he was quite close to owning two empires!

Unbeknownst to them, Felix was already owning the guardian empire through commander Samuel.

This meant, if he managed to conquer the Bardot Empire, he would own the entire Milky Way Galaxy.

If that ever happened, the dream of humans unification wouldn't be farfetched...