Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 745 - The Federation Hub.

"Did he agree to join the council meeting?" Zosia asked nervously in her office.

"No reply." The assistant shook his head.

"What is he up to?" Zosia sighed, "We already held six meetings to start working on our federation structure and management. Without him there, it feels meaningless."

Vrr Vrr!

"Wait, he just responded!" The assistant exclaimed, "He said that he will drop by."

"Finally, some good news." Zosia murmured, "I haven't even thanked him personally for killing that greedy dog."

Although Zosia didn't get her revenge with her own hands, she was still appreciative that emperor Rawal had been dealt with properly.

The video of the interrogation was cherished by her greatly...After all, it wasn't that often to see emperor Rawal getting tortured and screaming like a little girl.

Still, she was more appreciative of the fact that he saved her ass from the war. She had no idea how to continue this war for years without losing her mind.

....

A few hours later...

Zosia, Maganda Chief, Gabriel, and the rest of the federation members were all gathered inside a crystal dome in the Mariana Capital.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The royal palace of the Mariana capital in the UVR was the first thing to be demolished.

In its place, this crystal dome was built.

It was called the Federation Council, which would be used to discuss all important matters related to the federation.

With the fall of the Royal Palace, the empire fell with it.

Now, the Mariana Empire was called The Mariana Federation.

Naturally, all of those decision taken were forwarded to Felix even though he didn't attend any meeting for the past six days.

Without his approval, the federation members wouldn't have committed to anything.

"Sir Felix will be here shortly." Zosia informed the antsy members below the podium.

Zosia could see that most of them were disgruntled by Felix's treatment to the federation.

They knew that he won the war single-handedly and without him, they would still be fearing for their territories being the next target for invasion.

Still, it would be nice to join the discussion as the highest contributor and the true decider of every decision.

If it wasn't for Felix's void army, some of them would have spoken by now to denounce him.

Alas, no one was retarded enough to end his career and ruin his background over a bit of disrespect.

Thankfully, they weren't left waiting for too long.

Felix appeared with Mr. Rodrigas at the highest seating in the council...There was only six of them, overlooking the rest of the members below.

Even the members below were degraded in a small but noticeable manner. This highlighted a hierarchy within the federation.

Just because Felix contributed 99% to the war's victory, it didn't mean that 1% wasn't split fairly based on the others' contribution.

The five original anti-alliance members had the highest percentage of that 1%, giving them the right to at least be seated behind Felix.

"I apologize for the delay." Felix nodded his head politely at the federation members and sat down.

'Sir Felix, where do I sit?'

Mr. Rodrigas felt like a kitten in a den of lions as he looked below him and saw that everyone was giving him a creepy look.

He didn't even get used to managing Earth before it was turned into the center of the federation.

Naturally, everyone here believed that he wasn't worthy to be with them at all. He was just a commoner, who struck the jackpot by being Felix's subordinate.

"Sit here." Felix patted the seat to his right side that was reserved for Zosia.

When Zosia saw this, she bit her lips and remained silent.

She didn't like it, but she understood where Felix was coming from.

He trusted Mr. Rodrigas over her due to their falling relationship from being friendly to mere business partners.

If she wanted to sit on his right side, it wasn't going to happen unless she demonstrated her absolute loyalty and trust in Felix.

After Mr. Rodrigas sat down, Felix spoke to him telepathically, 'Keep your head up always. You are representing me in the federation. So, don't get intimidated by any one here...Even Zosia.'

'I understand.' Mr. Rodrigas nodded firmly.

He knew that no one would dare step over his line when Felix was backing him.

Hence, as long as he didn't falter and wasn't pressured by anyone, he would be doing just fine in the council.

If it wasn't for Grandfather Robert being disinterested in politics, Felix would have actually appointed him as his representative.

"Is everyone here?" Felix asked while eying the hundreds of leaders below him.

"Yes." Maganda Chief inquired, "Do you want to address something?"

Felix nodded his head and shared indifferently, "Our first agenda will be to recruit the rest of the backgrounds to the federation. I want the entire Mariana Territory to belong to the federation."

"Agreed!"

"I second that!"

"As expected of Sir Felix."

The leaders' eyes brightened up in delight at the sound of that.

They thought that Felix didn't have a sense of politics and would be just messing things up for them, but it seemed like they were wrong.

Felix knew exactly what needed to be done.

"We already have received many applications to join the federation." Zosia informed, "We haven't accepted anyone since we didn't discuss yet how to deal with them properly."

In other words, how to rip them off as a payment fees to join the federation.

After all, those backgrounds were given a choice to join the federation before the war started.

But, they decided to stand and watch.

Now, they wanted to enjoy the same fruits as those backgrounds who risked their territories and armies?

Not in a life time. Although those backgrounds were almost useless to end the war in their favor, at least they had the balls to stand up against the royal family.

Felix respected that.

"To join the federation, they will need to give 25% of their yearly taxes to the federation's treasury for the next five hundred years." Felix asked, "Anyone has a problem with this requirement?"

"Cough, not at all."

"It's more than fair."

"I second it."

The leaders grasped loudly in surprise after hearing this atrocious condition. They thought that Felix would be soft, but he actually was even more excessive than them!

The backgrounds who joined the war were required to give only 10% of their yearly taxes to the federation's treasury.

That was already pretty steep. Still, everyone agreed on it since that treasury would be used for advancement of the entire federation and serve as a good economical boost.

If the economy of the entire region was risen, all backgrounds would benefit from it and would start to earn even more.

"If they don't agree to this condition, then they will be labeled as unfriendly to the federation." Felix proposed, "To our unfriendly neighbors, we will cut off all trades and lock down borders to their citizens."

Some leaders felt the pinch from this proposal since some of them had significant trade contracts with those backgrounds.

Cancelling them would hurt their economy greatly.

"I can see that some of you disapprove of this decision due to your relation with those backgrounds." Felix suggested calmly, "But, have you not got adapted yet to being within a federation? You can now make new trade deals with each other and won't have to worry about anything due to the council being here."

"Enemies of the past are now friends." Felix advised, "The faster you adjust to this mentality, the more opportunities you will harvest from being part of the federation."

When the leaders heard so, they realized that he was right.

They were used to being a single entity with a few allies and many enemies.

But now? It was the opposite.

Their enemies were part of the same federation and if they could let go of their differences, they would truly rise within the federation's hierarchy.

"Our second agenda is to turn Earth into the political landscape of the federation." Felix said, "I know it will take some work to achieve it. Hence, I am planning to liquify 20% of my earned assets and donating those coins to hasten the process."

The leaders were delighted to hear so immensely.

When Felix proposed to turn Earth into the federation capital, many of them felt that it would be just an unnecessary hard work.

There were plenty of advanced planets that could be turned into the capital if Felix was compelled to change it.

A capital planet meant the heart and soul of the federation. Earth still lacked far too much to paint a good reputable picture for the federation.

But now? It didn't feel that bad.

If Felix liquified 20% of the royal family assets, he would be getting at least five trillion worth of coins!

That amount would be more than enough to erect new wormholes in the solar system connected with the federation territories, build tens of space elevators, stations, artificial continents, and turn the Earth into one of the most advanced planets in the entire federation.

After the initial push by Felix, the planet would be able to take care of itself due to being connected with hundreds of kingdoms, countries, bloodline clans, and more.

This was the reason Felix wanted Earth to be the capital city.

He could not waste such a free opportunity to turn his planet into the federation's hub!