Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 746 - The Summoning!

"The third agenda will be adding a new incentive system to encourage all members of the federation to work hard for its development." Felix proposed, "I will be placing 20% of the royal family territories and assets into this incentive program."

The leaders' jaws were dropped in shock at the proposal, not daring to believe that Felix would go this far for the federation.

20% of the territories and assets reclaimed from the royal family were priceless!

You just can't place a price on a space territory in this universe.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Felix was willing to separate permanently with 20% for the sake of the federation progress.

'He is truly intelligent.' Zosia approved of Felix's program, 'The Federation is already under his rulership. The faster it progressed, the more he would be earning. This isn't a donation but an investment.'

The other leaders were smart enough to understand that Felix wanted to make them compete to further his agendas.

Yet, none of them intended to turn down this program.

"The details of the program were given to the Queen. You are welcome to familiarize yourselves with them." Felix shared.

The leaders swiftly asked the Queen about them and were given a long spreadsheet, detailing all the rules of the program.

There were hundreds of them to avoid getting awarded a territory or an asset per fluke or loophole.

'So everything has been separated to create as many rewards as possible.'

Maganda Chief nodded after seeing that the 20% of the territories and assets had been split into thousands of smaller rewards.

For example, a reward could range from a small elemental mine and companies to an entire solar system or a civilized planet.

For each reward, there was a target that needed to be reached. The first background to hit the target earns that reward without conditions attached.

Those targets were easy at all. Some of them might take decades of work to conclude.

'This should have taken a lot of time to make.' Maganda Chief believed, 'He must have spent a few days, working on this program.'

Meanwhile, the leaders couldn't help but feel motivated to see some rewards that were crucial for their territories.

There were backgrounds that had territories almost void of high quality mineral mines, making them heavily reliant on importation.

If they managed to snug a couple of mines, they would relieve some of that pressure.

This program truly changed many leaders' opinion on Felix.

It was apparent that he truly cared for the Federation and wanted to turn it into a superpower that could rival the Bardot Empire.

...

In the span of three hours, Felix had added more than ten agendas that were going to define the Federation.

There was a youth program that encourage bloodliners into participating in competitions within the Federation.

There would be a four-year competition for fifth stage bloodliners with the reward being an actual 75% mythical bloodline bottle!

This was more than enough to move even those leaders into planning to invest heavily in this competition.

After all, mythical bloodliners were worth at least 60 billion SC if they were available in the market. So far, Felix hadn't sold more than three bottles, making them one of the rarest items in the galaxy.

There was an agenda to help citizens in need by lowering the taxes, giving them stimulus checks, easy access to loans for projects...etc

All of those agendas were meant to turn the Federation into a better place to live in compared to the royal family's era.

In turn, this would attract the rest of the backgrounds to make the leap and join the Federation even though it would hurt them in the short run due to the penalties.

"I believe this should be all for now." Felix rubbed his eyes and stood up, planning on leaving.

Just as the leader wanted to applaud for a successful ending to this assembly, Felix turned around and said indifferently, "You better treat Mr. Rodrigas in the same manner as me."

In other words, if anyone mistreated Mr. Rodrigas or discriminated against him due to his commoner status, then they would be dealing with Felix.

After lying down his threat, Felix excused himself from the council.

He had given them agendas to be carried out, and he wasn't planing to micromanage everything.

He knew that Zosia, Maganda Chief, and many other leaders were capable enough to keep things on track without his supervision.

If something happened that was beyond their capabilities, he could always be reached by Mr. Rodrigas.

...

"So, what do you think?" Felix asked as he sat in front of Mr. Igris, the manager of his Primo Company.

"It will take at least a few months before we can turn all the companies and projects into subsidiaries for the company." Mr. Igris responded while glancing at several holograms that were filled with details about Felix's newest assets.

Since Felix had gotten 99% of the royal family assets, he needed to filter what he wanted and liquify the rest to use the cash into other important matters.

With the help of Mr. Igris and his capable subordinates, Felix had already filtered all the assets. Both the ones in the real world and the UVR.

The assets that had been liquified or placed in the incentive program were all unnecessary to Felix.

As for the ones he kept?

"I am certain if we turned them into subsidiaries, your Primo Company will be the biggest conglomerate in the galaxy." Mr. Igris informed with a wide smile.

Ever since he joined Felix, he was always shooting upward in the business ladder.

He was already a big shot in the Mariana Empire before Felix brought in hundreds of different assets.

Now? He was going to be one of the biggest names in the entire galaxy! This was a dream that could not be achieved with hard work and luck only.

A miracle needed to happen and Felix made it happen.

"That's good." Felix inquired, "How much revenue do you project in the upcoming year?"

"It's hard to determine without concluding all the data." Mr. Igris said, "But if my guess is right, our collective profit will be at least half a trillion on yearly basis."

Felix's eyebrows rose a little at such a mouth-watering figure.

Half a trillion a year that would enter his pockets passively...That's the dream!

Felix knew that he could sell everything and get at least 40 to 50 trillion SC, but Queen Ai would not allow him cash it out as he pleased.

Such massive amounts were managed by Queen Ai on a universal scale to keep the economy intact and avoid unnecessary inflation.

Everyone was under her management even the ten rulers.

'Half a trillion from assets and another half from my share of taxes.' Felix smiled, 'One trillion yearly passive incomes isn't bad at all.'

Felix was talking about taxes in the real world from his earned territories. As for the UVR?

Unfortunately, all the cities there belong exclusively to the federation as a whole. The taxes earned from those cities would be the second main source to fill up its treasury.

Still, Felix wasn't complaining one bit.

One trillion a year was already sweet enough to assist him into pushing through the Devourer marks.

Soon, Felix excused himself from the meeting with Mr. Igris and logged out.

Dealing with the aftermath of his war was harder than the war itself.

Now that he had mapped out the Federation's future and dealt with his earned assets, it was time to refocus on himself.

It's been a while since he integrated with Lord Khaos's bloodline.

He was stuck at 94% and needed only a few more pushes to reach 99% and unlock Lord's Khaos's peak ability.

When he reached 75%, he had unlocked another passive. Alas, he was unfortunate to get an ability called Void Pulse.

It allowed him to emit long-distance pulses that could attract void creatures.

It was useless in his case since Nimo's existence was the perfect attractor to those void creatures.

Well, that's how bloodline system works. It was hit and a miss with abilities. It was no better for Felix even though he was using primogenitors' bloodline.

"Can anyone guess Lord Khaos' peak ability?" Felix asked while arranging the tools and materials on the ground.

"Maybe turn himself into void like when we saw him?" Asna wondered.

"That's a good one." Felix was pleased by the ability. If it was any other element, it wouldn't be as good since they had a counter.

Turn into plant and fire would teach you a lesson.

Turn into fire and water will put you out.

But for Void? It was uncounterable!

"I won't be complaining if I go..."

Vrrr Vrrr!

Felix's sentence was interrupted by his AP bracelet. When he looked at the caller, he smirked, "They finally decided to act."

Cluck!

"Little junior, you have been summoned to the Supreme Court." Queen Allura informed the moment the call was picked.