Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 747 - The Wishful Staircase.

The Supreme Court...The name was more than enough to strike terror through everyone who heard it.

Who could blame them?

It was a court managed by eleven members...The ten rulers and Queen Ai.

Anyone summoned to this court meant that he either f*cked up on a universal scale and harmed the SGAlliance, or he was about to do so.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Felix had a feeling that he would be summoned for a discussion about his two terrific abilities. In fact, he was weirded out that it took them a week to summon him.

There was no way the SGAlliance leaders wouldn't contract him when they saw his ability to summon at least eighty million void creatures.

In his eyes, such an army was a big threat to the SGAlliance safety and specifically some ten rulers' safety.

For example, with Felix's ability to void travel and command void creatures, he could appear in the middle of the palace inside the witch empire.

Then, kill Queen Allura, who was helpless without proper protection.

The same could be applied to the Dwarf Race, Sage Race, Space Worm Race, and other utility-based races.

It wasn't known whether he could achieve such an assassination or invasion, but there was still a big possibility.

"Should I be worried senior sister?" Felix inquired, wanting to get a feel of what he would be dealing with.

Were the ten rulers going to be aggressive or not.

"I apologize junior." Queen Allura sighed, "I am bound by a contract to not divulge anything discussed in the court to outsiders."

If it wasn't for so, Queen Allura would have already laid down everything to him.

"I guess there is no point in asking whether I will be summoned straight to the peak or get placed at the bottom." Felix smiled.

"All I can tell you is to be yourself." Queen Allura promised, "I will be having your back in the meeting. So, don't get intimidated to do something you don't feel comfortable with."

"Much appreciated senior sister, but you don't have to worry too much." Felix chuckled, "I have been dealing with primogenitors for years now. I won't be faltered or pressured by those leaders."

"Good, keep that confidence with you." Queen Allura said one last time before hanging up, "I will be waiting for you there."

She left behind an invitation link that would expire in five minutes. If Felix didn't accept the invitation link, it would translate to rejecting the summoning.

Since Felix didn't commit any grave crime, he could totally bail on the summoning without consequences.

Though, the other nine rulers wouldn't like that one bit.

It wasn't smart to antagonize them without a reason.

"You finally are going to have a personal meeting with the other nine rulers of the SGAlliance." Asna asked lazily, "How do you feel?"

"Never better." Felix gave an easy-going smile like he wasn't on his way to meet the most authoritative individuals in the universe.

***

Four minutes later...

Felix accepted the invitation link and got teleported before a super colossal gate that was already wide open.

Milky white stairs were connected to the gate. They were angled at forty-five-degree angle, making the staircase seem like it was connected to heaven.

Even with Felix's excellent vision, he couldn't pinpoint what's on the other side of the stairs besides utter darkness.

"Another desperate soul has arrived."

"Heh, he looks too pretty. He must be rich."

"Hmm...He seems familiar?"

The leveled spacious platform behind the gate was filled with many people from different races.

Felix heard the chatter from the ones beside him and couldn't help but sign in disappointment.

'It seems like my statement in the Mariana city wasn't loud enough.' Felix shook his head.

He was familiar with the Wishful Staircase.

It was known throughout the entire universe as the only connecting bridge to a personal meeting with the ten rulers simultaneously.

It was open for everyone!

Still, only desperate people dared to attempt and climb it.

That's because the staircase's length would truly put anyone into utter despair.

Felix knew that any method to climb the stairs was allowed as long as external items weren't used.

Still, only two individuals throughout its history managed to climb it and meet the ten rulers personally.

Their meeting had sparked a legend that was still effective until this day.

The Legend goes that the two figures had been asked to make a wish as a reward for their achievement.

A wish that was approved by the Queen Ai.

A wish that could be anything within the ten rulers' authority.

A wish that could change one's life upside down.

No one knew exactly what happen to those two individuals and the ten rulers refused to comment on this matter.

This shouldn't be enough to make this legend believable, but desperate people wanted to cling into anything to keep going...Even if it was just a myth.

Felix watched thousands of people of all shapes and sizes, climbing the stairs in their own unique ways.

Some were walking, some were flying, and some were getting a piggy ride by hired workers, profiting of people's desperation.

Speaking of the devil, a five-meter giant with a long gray beard and a bulky physique approached Felix. He was wearing a large cubic transparent backpack that had cushions inside.

"Sir, do you want a ride? I have great endurance and thousands of five stars reviews in my profile." The giant inquired with a polite smile.

Before Felix could glance at him, an elephant sized blue turtle with a lion's head approached from the side and started to sell himself, "I am more comfortable to sit on, and my prices are reasonable. For a mere five million SC, I can cross one thousand kilometer. If you take a bundle offer, you can pay ten million SC for three thousand kilometers."

"Not interested." Felix dismissed them with an irritated expression, not in the mood to listen to a scam.

No one knew the exact staircase's length, but it was assumed it would take one a year to climb it if someone traveled with the speed of light.

If it was converted into kilometers, that would be a thirteen-figure number.

Without vehicles capable of traveling at the speed of light, one should forget about reaching the other side.

Yet, Felix was still summoned to the bottom of the staircase instead of the peak. Felix knew that the ten rulers never did that with anyone else.

After all, even by traveling at the fastest speed known, it would take year.

On the other hand, Felix was able to travel at a speed that was a hundred times faster than light...

'Clearly, they want you to travel through the void to study everything about it.' Asna commentated.

'I had a feeling they will be doing so.' Felix sighed.

If he traveled through the void, every little action of his would be studied up close by the ten rulers.

Since he wasn't accompanied by Mistress Candace, it meant that he couldn't travel through the void for an extended period of time unless he got full nude.

Felix wasn't planning on getting nude before those leaders, who were probably watching him from afar.

"Whatever, I guess I am not as welcomed as I thought." Felix made a peace out gesture with his hand and teleported back to his bedroom.

There was no way in hell, he would let himself get tested like this.

The moment he allowed it, he would lose his negotiation chips when he meet them.

"What a waste of time." Felix sighed.

"You might as well restart your integration." Thor said.

"Let's do that." Felix nodded and logged out.

***

On the other side of the wishful staircase, five individuals were sitting on magnificent chairs that were placed above towering white pillars.

There were ten pillars on total but five of them were empty.

Still, the five beings exhibited such an otherworldly feeling, it made them resemble gods overseeing earthly matters.

Not a single commoner would dare to lift his head and make eye contact with those individuals... Especially, when some of them didn't seem that delighted.

How could they be delighted when Queen Allura was scolding them with an irritated expression, "I have already told you that he will react like this."

"We could have simply brought him to the peak and had a fruitful discussion...But now? Don't bother me again with summoning him." Queen Allura waved her hand in disapproval as she teleported away.