Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 748 - Making an Enemy Out of Nowhere.

"Did he leave because he felt disrespected or because he couldn't use void travel?"

A a unique pleasant voice was emitted from a spherical white hologram.

There were no facial features on the hologram at all, making it resemble a normal holographic sphere for ads above buildings.

Anyone would mistake it for such, not knowing that they were in the presence of one of the most intelligent beings in the universe...The Empress of the Metal Race, O15XL or Emily!

She didn't take a humanoid form since she had no need for it. A simple holographic sphere was more than enough to establish her presence.

"What do you mean by the latter?" A short bulky old man with an ash gray beard asked.

His wrinkles and grayed out hair would fool anyone into believing that he was an old man with a few years to live.

But his bold, rough voice and toned out muscles, that were bulging out of his fine leather armor, would make them think otherwise.

This was Lokhil, the emperor of Verdoral Empire...The only empire in the Dwarven Galaxy.

"I have analyzed all instances where he used void travel before camera." Empress Emily spoke calmly, "65% of the times he traveled far, he was accompanied by that female. 56.5% of the times he traveled short distances, he was alone."

"To fully conclude my analysis, I need more data." Empress Emily said.

Since there were instances where Mistress Candace didn't leave void rift even after long travel, it wasn't a concrete proof that Felix required her.

"What's important is that both of them are capable of void traveling. We need to find out if there are more of them."

An irritable voice resounded in the court, coming from a silver shimmering worm. Instead of sitting on the chair, it was entangled with it akin to a serpent capturing a prey.

Space seemed to flicker around the worm like it could collapse at any moment.

This was High Chieftain Lokaka of the Space Worm Race.

His tribe was the current head of all the space worm tribes, making him the representative of his race in the court.

Unlike Empress Emily, who was eternal in her position as a leader, most of the leaders here were replacement.

The only thing that mattered was the Race itself being unreplaceable as one of the ten rulers in the SGAlliance.

"Why, so you can kill them all to not harm your transportation business?" A blue skinned humanoid middle-aged man chuckled.

He had a long silky black hair and four arms that were crossed underneath long artistic sleeves.

His entire outfit was a piece of art as it was filled with breathtaking sentences made out of a bizarre language.

Those words were shimmering faintly while moving across his outfit.

Sporadically, they clash and separate from their sentences just to be reunited in a different sentence.

If Felix saw them, he would recognize them as runes that were meant to be written on scrolls.

In this universe, the only race capable of writing runes on scrolls besides the Talism Race were The Sages.

"Four armed Arthur, watch your words." High Chieftain Lokaka warned with a faint but dangerous voice.

"Am I wrong though?" Sage Arthur shrugged his shoulders, "Empress Emily joined this meeting because she was curious. Queen Allura did so because of her connection to the subject. Emperor Lokhil is forced to be here since it's his turn to represent us in the court. I came because I am too bored."

"The only reason you joined us is due to your fear of what void travel could do to your transportation business."

Felix thought that he would be meeting the ten rulers together, but he was dead wrong.

In their eyes, one of them could handle the discussion and find what they need from him.

The Dragon Race president was too proud to waste his time on a matter related to a human.

The Hive Race Empress Scarlet wasn't interested at all about void related matters.

The Heavenly Turtle Race King was most likely sleeping somewhere.

Hive Elves Race Queen believed that her presence wasn't required in the court.

The last one shouldn't even be mentioned.

If it wasn't for reasons mentioned by Sage Arthur, Felix would have been meeting only with emperor Lokhil and Queen Allura.

In a sense, even after everything that he demonstrated, he was still not deemed as important in the eyes of most ten rulers.

Was it pride? Confidence? Or something else? Whatever it was, Felix still required more work to fully attract all rulers simultaneously.

"My race transportation system won't be brought down by two void jumpers." High Chieftain Lokaka said before breaking into light particles.

He wasn't interested in wasting his time arguing over nothing. He heard what Sage Arthur said.

He came here because he was bored. Now that Felix didn't play ball and joined the court, he wanted a new target to play with.

"Tsk, if I knew this will happen, I shouldn't have pushed to make that brat use his void ability." Sage Arthur clicked his tongue in annoyance after High Chieftain Lokaka logged out.

He wanted to see Felix traveling through the void up close for his enjoyment.

Meanwhile, Empress Emily and High Chieftain Lokaka approved of his decision due to their curiosity.

When the three of them voted to go with it, Queen Allura couldn't do anything to change it.

It was three votes against one.

"Whatever, Queen Allura already vouched for that kid." Emperor Lokhil shrugged his shoulders, "If he makes trouble for us with his abilities, Queen Allura and her sponsor will take the burn of it."

"So, you guys aren't planning on summoning him again?" Sage Arthur inquired.

"I doubt he will accept it." Emperor Lokhil suddenly smiled with a frantic expression, "I have left my baby on hold for a long time now. I can't waste any more time on this matter."

The moment he finished, Emperor Lokhil teleported away, not bothering to say goodbye.

"That creepy old man and his improper use of words for his artifacts." Sage Arthur shook his head and turned to Empress Emily, "Righ...t?"

Alas, he found only an empty chair. f r e e w e b n o v e l. c o m

Empress Emily left the moment Sage Arthur chuckled, knowing that what was about to come would be a waste of her time.

'Good, it all worked out and nothing has been exposed.' Sage Arthur sighed in relief after he was left all alone in the court.

His bored expression was nowhere to be seen.

When he said that boredom was his reason to join this meeting, he wasn't being truthful.

In fact, since the moment Felix had shown his void abilities to the public, Sage Arthur had a bigger interest in him than all other eight leaders combined.

That's because the subject was impactful to him on a much deeper level than anyone could understand.

So, he wanted to sabotage the court meeting.

'Those two idiots are running rampant and are going to ruin everything.' Sage Arthur narrowed his eyes dangerously, 'It took great efforts and time to finally stabilize myself as the Supreme Sage and represent my race. I won't allow anyone to jeopardize it!'

By now, it was clear that Sage Arthur was in fact an Imitator! One of seven hundred Imitators spread out throughout the universe.

Imitators were born from the sin of envy, making them able to copy anything they envied.

From personality, body, abilities, elements, everything was on the table.

How an Imitator managed to reach such a high position was a wonder on its own with his identity as a void creature.

What's even scarier was the fact that he managed to fool the other nine rulers and his own race.

Just like Void succubus were dangerous, the Imitators were just as frightening even if they never used violence in their entire life.

Sage Arthur clearly thought that Felix was an imitator while Mistress Candace was a void succubus making an idiotic havoc.

The only thing he was struggling to understand was their ability to control void creatures.

He knew that only wrathful creators and the paragon of sins had such an ability.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Both options didn't make any sense.

No one could communicate with Wrathful creators, and he knew for sure that his lord was still in a slumber.

'The others must be as interested as I in this matter.' Sage Arthur schemed, 'I just need to keep my eyes on those two and lie low. They will be approached eventually by them and everything will make sense.'

Sage Arthur had no plans to put a target on Felix in public and bring suspicion on him.

Enmity needed a reason...In public eyes, he was the last one to have a problem with Felix.

'What if they joined them though?' Sage Arthur suddenly thought of a frightening possibility.

'I am overthinking this.' Sage Arthur gave a hollow laugh before teleporting away.

The mere thought of more unique void creatures making a scene in public was enough to give him nightmares.

He knew that the moment Imitators get exposed, it would be all over of him...So, he would rather avoid thinking of such a scary possibility...