Chapter 749 - Lord Khaos' Peak Active Ability I

Unbeknownst to Felix that he had made out an enemy out of a big shot, he casually took a shower after his integration went through.

Now, he was at 96%.

In two days, he intended to go for a single push and unlock Lord Khaos' peak ability. But for now, a new journey needed to be set.

"It's time to increase my poison affinity."

Felix opened a holographic list that he made after Jörmungandr gave him all his secret spots that were filled with thick poisonous energy.

Most of those spots were in Jörmungandr's galaxy that was somewhat close by to the Milky Way.

Naturally, Jörmungandr's galaxy was owned by the half-serpents even though they had been on a steady decline ever since Jörmungandr's disappeared on them.

The Darkin Faction forces didn't exterminate them but made sure that it would be near impossible for them to recover back to their former glory.

"Let's start with Molten Poisonous Swamp." Felix picked the closest one and gave the coordinates to Mistress Candace.

"It will take us a day to reach it." Mistress Candace disclosed.

"Good, let's begin the filtration." Felix smiled in satisfaction while wearing a space suit.

When Jörmungandr gave Felix those coordinates, he explicitly told him that he wasn't sure whether they survived the passage of time or not.

He might have many locations in his disposal, but it would be worth celebrating if a single one was still in shape.

Billions of years was more than enough for stars to born and die...Don't even mention a landscape.

"Oh, I forgot the bloodline bottles."

Before Felix departed, he recalled that he had yet to order for tier 5/tier 6 bloodlines.

He wasn't joking when he said that he intended to turn the earthling team into a mythical bloodliners as well as his squad.

The royal family assets had been a great help since many of them were bloodline shops. In fact, Mr. Goati's shop that was in the capital city was one of those assets.

It seemed that Mr. Goati had sold out his shop and moved on...Another small result in Felix's manipulation of the timeline.

Anyhow, Felix took a mere few seconds to secure all the bloodlines bottles that he needed.

He gave the order to Bodidi, who was beyond thrilled that Felix had finally made a delivery order.

Knowing that it would take Bodidi three days at max to bring him his staff, Felix decided to hold on into his trip.

The moment he leaves the galaxy, Bodidi would be unable to deliver his stuff.

...

Two days later...

Felix closed off his communication outlets, wanting to get into the zone for his final push in his integration.

It wouldn't be easy process with 4% at once but Felix had experienced much worse. So, after a few hours of peaceful meditation, Felix began the integration process.

After a few heart-wrenching screeches and a couple of sadistic laughs from Asna, the process ended without Felix losing consciousness.

The instant he finished, Lady Sphinx closed her book and bowed her head respectfully, "Good day, Lord Khaos."

The other tenants didn't know what to do since they weren't able to see Lord Khaos or sense his presence like Lady Sphinx.

Thankfully, Lord Khaos wasn't into being mysterious for no reason.

"To you as well, Lady Sphinx." Lord Khaos appeared out of nowhere as he greeted.

He was still a personification of a humanoid void.

If it wasn't for the glimmering lights within his body that resembled stars, he would be mistaken for a void creature.

Jörmungandr, Thor, and Asna all followed suit and greeted back, leaving only Mistress Candace.

She was standing still with a petrified expression like she just saw a ghost.

She was already finding it hard to accept that three primogenitors and a unigin were living here.

Now, a bigger boss was planning to join them?

"Excuse our maid's manners, elder." Asna spoke politely.

"I assume that you are Asna, the Origin of Laws." Lord Khaos didn't even bother glancing at Mistress Candace.

"Yes, nice to meet you." Asna nodded.

"Hmm." Lord Khaos sized up Asna for a few seconds before resting his chin on his palm.

He appeared to be thoughtful of something, making Asna somewhat nervous.

"Just because they became few and went into hiding, it didn't mean that they disappeared forever." Lord Khaos advised with good intentions, "Don't expose yourself unless you mastered your powers fully...Even then, I doubt you can beat them."

"I know..." Asna said softly while lowering her head.

Before they could continue on this subject, Felix interrupted them by falling from the sky.

The moment he landed, he drew near Lord Khaos and bowed his head respectfully, "Welcome elder."

Lord Khaos nodded at Felix and praised calmly, "Good job on hatching the egg."

"Thank you?" Felix's eyebrows rose in surprise, not expecting to be praised.

"I have been watching over you lately." Lord Khaos said, "Try to make less trouble with void abilities. We don't want other primogenitors to find out about the paragon's replacement."

"I will try." Felix promised.

Felix was told by Lady Sphinx that the primogenitors were on look out for the cause of that universal thunderclap.

They may not care about void creatures control or void travel, but Nimo? They would not hesitate to move personally to take him from Felix.

"I believe that's all." Lord Khaos nodded at everyone and then disappeared.

"Huh? Did he leave?" Felix was left baffled.

He thought that he would be making a house and renting a place like the rest. Yet, he just came to chat a bit and leave.

"I can still sense him." Lady Sphinx said, "He will awaken his consciousness wisp when he needs to."

"Lord Khaos is a loner." Thor yawned as he created another jar of wine, "He will not hang out with us no matter what."

"Yep, I am already expected as much." Jörmungandr nodded.

"Can he still hear us though?" Asna asked.

"No, his consciousness wisp is in a slumber." Lady Sphinx answered.

"Pheew! That's good. It will be stressful being too formal all the time." Asna stretched her arms happily.

"What about me..." Felix felt cheated for some reason.

He thought that when Lord Khaos start living in his consciousness space, he would give him some pointers on how to use his void eye efficiently.

"It will take you more than having his bloodline to make Lord Khaos interested in teaching you." Thor shook his head.

"I see." Felix smiled confidently, "Then, I just need to show him that I am worth it."

...Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Felix dropped the subject for now and exited his consciousness space. The first thing he did was check on his unlocked peak active ability.

A few seconds later...Felix opened his eyes in utter disbelief.

"Void Domain? Is this even possible?!"

Felix didn't dare to believe that an ability like this existed...It was just too powerful to be real!

The details entailed that Felix would be able to create a void domain in real life, turning everything in that domain into void....Felix included!

This domain could be stretched as big as Felix wanted as long as he could fuel its expansion!

It was clear what happens to anyone who steps into void realm without void immunity.

Now, Felix possessed the ability to bring the void realm into the real world!

"Insane, Lord Khaos already reached this level in his void mastery."

"My respect has just grown ten folds for him."

Even Thor, Jörmungandr, and Lady Sphinx were startled by the ability and couldn't help but praise Lord Khaos.

"You sure won the jackpot on this one." Thor spoke with an envious tone.

"You guys don't have the same ability?" Asna asked with a curious tone.

"We wish." Jörmungandr shook his head.

"But, isn't simple to make a void domain?" Mistress Candace inquired, "You just need to pump void energy around you and a domain will be created...Right?"

Her reasoning made sense. As long as one had void manipulation, he could keep emitting void energy until it consumes everything around him.

"If only it was that simple, I would have already created a poison domain of my own." Jörmungandr chuckled.

Lady Sphinx closed her book and eyed them calmly. The moment she did so, everyone quietened down, knowing that a lecture was on the way.

"Domain concept transcend elements and touch upon laws. Laws that primogenitors should have never been able to touch in their life times." Lady Sphinx said, "So, any primogenitor who managed to make a domain, he should be treated with utmost respect."

It was an established fact by now that Primogenitors rule over elements while Unigins rule over laws.

Queen Allura had explained the difference between elements and laws.

In summary, Felix could create poison as long as he had poison energy in the area.

That same poison would disappear after losing the energy that fueled its existence.

But laws?

Laws are different.

Laws are real.

Laws are everywhere and what keeps the universe from falling apart.

Real liquid poison in a bottle will remain in a bottle for eternity as long as it wasn't exposed to external elements...

"How?"

This understanding made it difficult for Felix to comprehend how exactly did Lord Khaos pull off such a transaction?

It was the same as jumping from using magic to using science!

It just didn't make sense.