Chapter 750 - Lord Khaos' Peak Active Ability Il

"That's why I said he touched the void laws not actually used them to make a domain." Lady Sphinx clarified, "If he managed to make a void domain truly from laws, that domain wouldn't require elemental energy and would be a permanent addition to the universe."

"It's more like a copying the same characteristics of laws while using elements." Thor simplified it.

"I get it now." Felix nodded in understanding.

"Don't underestimate its difficulty even though it's not the real deal." Jörmungandr shared, "As far as I recall, only Death, Life, Creation, and Illusion primogenitors managed to reach that mastery."

"How do you think Illusion primogenitor managed to create that illusion world that was 99.99% an exact copy of the real world?" Lady Sphinx mentioned, "Without touching the laws of illusion, he would have never been able to make an illusion of the universe's laws."

"This helped him to fool even the minds of primogenitors, making them fall into a slumber for billions of years while in real world only a few hundred million years went by."

The more he heard, the more stressful Felix got about possessing void domain ability.

"Don't sweat it, you got permission for his inheritance the moment he gave you his bloodline." Thor chuckled, "Just enjoy winning the jackpot."

"I can't wait to see other primogenitors' expressions when you use your void domain." Asna chuckled in amusement.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Let's try it first." Felix gave a forced laugh, "I have a feeling that my elemental tank will screw me over again."

...

Five minutes later...

Felix could be seen sitting on the ground with a deadpan expression, staring into the ceiling like his life had lost its meaning.

"Bowhahahaha! I can't! I can't take it!"

Meanwhile, Asna was laughing her ass out as she pointed at a golf-ball sized dark sphere on top of Felix's head.

"I never thought it will be this bad." Thor facepalmed.

Void Domain was the ultimate ability of void abilities...Its consumption wouldn't be a joke.

"Look at the bright side." Jörmungandr smiled, "You have an entire realm full of void energy in your disposal."

Felix's ears perked up after being reminded of the void realm.

He realized that his elemental tank might be an embarrassment, but he had the void realm backing him!

Without further ado, Felix swiftly opened a void rift and placed his arm in it.

Automatically, his body began absorbing the missing void energy.

In a few seconds, his tank was full again!

Still, Felix didn't withdraw his arm from the void realm. Instead, he extended the other one in front of him and activated void domain again.

At the time of his finger, a tiny sphere emerged and began to expand bigger and bigger.

Felix's void energy kept reducing rapidly but at the same time, it was being recovered from the void realm!

"Good, good, good." Felix kept grinning wider and wider, matching the expanding size of the void domain.

Five meters....ten meters...twenty meters....fifty meters...a hundred meters!

The moment the radius reached a hundred meters, Felix realized that the absorbed energy was just enough to sustain the void domain.

So, he stopped trying to expand it.

"So cool..." Mistress Candace commented with an awed expression.

Although she wasn't there in the training room, she could feel that the void domain was actually as terrifying as the center of the void realm.

She knew that the center was filled with the most purified and potent void energy in the universe...Even unique void creatures get overwhelmed and devoured by it if they remained for too long within it.

'Woah...I feel like I can sleep here forever.'

On the other hand, Felix experienced a entirely different feeling. It was a warm and pleasing sensation like he was being welcomed to home.

'Queen, place some origin bloodliners dummies here.' Felix requested.

Felix waited a few seconds and saw no one.

Did he frown his eyebrows and asked, 'Queen? Where did you place the dummies?'

'Ten meters in front of you.'

'Huh? I see no on...Wait, don't tell me they already got disintegrated?!' Felix's eyes widened in disbelief after being hit with this horrifying realization.

To confirm it, he asked again for more dummies. This time, he specified the distance to be a meter in front of him.

Yet, just like before, he didn't manage to see or sense the dummies.

Still not convinced, Felix asked for a statue made out of the toughest material in the universe as well as some dummies from other races.

He picked orcs, giants, werewolves, and even an exact copy of WowefxNero!

Regardless, he couldn't spot a single thing inside the void domain.

Even WowefxNero, who possessed remarkable defenses weren't able to remain for even a millisecond within the void domain.

"Do you understand now?" Lady Sphinx said, "Pumping void energy and claiming that it was a real domain is a joke compared to the real deal."

"If I made the real poison domain, anyone who stepped inside would turn into black ash immediately due to poisoning them on a microscopic level...Even primogenitors will experience the same fate." Jörmungandr said.

"Same with lightning domain." Thor supported.

"Domains are a whole different world of abilities that shouldn't have been possible for primogenitors to possess." Lady Sphinx sighed, "I tried my best to make my own, but I never found out the method."

"So, in the case of void domain, anything that gets placed inside will disintegrate immediately without questions asked." Felix gulped a mouthful as he asked, "Will it work against primogenitors?"

"If you managed to place a primogenitor inside it, then it will kill them instantly." Thor approved but broke Felix's bubble immediately, "Don't dream about it, though. Primogenitors are almost impossible to be killed in battle even against each other."

Just because Felix possessed a gun that could kill anyone, it didn't mean that he would be able to.

A tool is as useful as its user.

"I kinda want to feel being at the other end."

Seeing how everything and everyone was disappearing the instant they touch his domain made Felix curious about the sensation.

So, he requested the Queen to keep the void domain active automatically. Then, he walked outside and stared at its pitch-black spherical walls.

'Queen, remove my void immunity.' Felix said.

'Done.'

Upon hearing its confirmation, Felix extended his finger slowly towards the void domain.

The closer he got, the slower his finger moved. It was like his instincts were attempting to force him to halt.

Felix fought off the feeling and touched the pitch-black wall.

Then...There was no then, Felix disappeared instantly...Literally.

All it took was a single tap to erase his entire being from existence...

A few seconds later, Felix was brought back a few meters away from the void domain.

"Huh? What just happened?" Still confused, Felix kept staring at his arms.

Everything happened so fast, he didn't even feel a thing before he died.

It was the most merciful death he had experienced in his life.

"Try it again, you must have failed to touch the void domain." Asna egged him with a faint grin.

"F*ck off, this is too creepy." Felix swiftly requested Queen Ai to restore his void immunity.

Felix would have actually preferred having a painful death than dying like this. He didn't even know that he died and was revived.

"If void domain is like this, I wonder what life domain does?" Felix speculated, "Does it revive someone from death or something?"

"Yes." Lady Sphinx confirmed.

"..."

Felix was left speechless by her confirmation. He speculated in the spirit of a joke but ended up being right.

"You know what, I prefer not to know anything about it." Felix shook his head and refocused on what matters.

He still needed to master the use of his void domain.

For example, if it was possible to make it in the void realm and transport it into the real world. Or, could he create smaller void domains and shoot them as projectiles?

There were many possibilities to use such a fascinating but horrifying ability.

Felix was going to make sure that he bring its full terror in his upcoming diamond ranked games!