Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 751 - 2nd Phase of External Manipulation!

Five days later...

"How much is left?" Felix asked while chilling inside Mistress Candace's spaceship.

"We have already arrived." Mistress Candace spoke with a baffled tone, "But, I don't see anything near me."

"For real?" Felix lifted his headband and examined the surrounding area. As Mistress Candace mentioned, they were standing in the middle of nowhere.

"I guess the planet has been destroyed or something." Felix concluded with a heavy sigh.

"Should I head to our next target?" Mistress Candace asked.

"Please."

A few days ago, Felix had received all the bloodline bottles that he ordered. To not waste time, he filtered them out and made more than ten primogenitor bloodline bottles.

Some were for his team and some were for his squad. The rest were kept with him in case he needed them.

As for the bottles for his team and squad, he had given them to Malak.

The moment Olivia, Noah, and Sylvia reach Earth, Felix would meet with them in the UVR and see whether they wanted to take them or not.

This was much better than waiting a few months on Earth until they arrive.

Now, he was in Jörmungandr's galaxy, searching for one of the poisonous areas on his list.

Unfortunately, he was out of luck most of the time.

This was the fifth area already, and he ended up not finding the entire planet.

...

In the span of seven days, Felix had managed to eliminate more than fifteen areas from the list, leaving him with only ten more.

They were all situated at the outskirts of the galaxy.

Still, Felix hadn't lost hope yet.

Right now, Mistress Candace was taking him into the furtherest one from their position.

In a short while, they reached a dwarf planet that was three times bigger than the moon.

Its sky was dark green and moving like it was hidden behind poisonous clouds.

Felix didn't get too excited about finding the planet since most of the areas he eliminated were all ruined by man made interventions.

"Oh, I remember this place." Jörmungandr smiled, "It's filled with the worst poisonous gases in the galaxy...I used it as a spa from time to time."

"Let's hope it's still the same." Felix wished as he got closer to the planet's atmosphere.

After Mistress Candace passed through it, they were met with a deserted green land that was brimming with gooey swamps.

Those swaps were emitting large bursts of gases and bubbles from different colors into the atmosphere.

"Jackpot!" Felix's eyes brightened up in delight after seeing such a hair-raising scene. He swiftly exited the void realm and jumped into the ground.

The moment he landed, his feet were submerged deeply like the ground was made out of tofu.

What's worst, his Nano spacesuit, that was meant to protect him from the worst hazardous environment, was taking a beating.

Fortunately, it seemed like the planet wasn't fully deprived of oxygen, making Felix decide to give up on the spacesuit.

He quickly stored it inside his spatial card and beamed his symbiote suit...His AP bracelets and symbiote suit were made out of the same material.

The potency of the poison was still not enough to break through it.

Knowing that he needed to experience poison through skin contact made Felix turn his symbiote suit into an underwear.

He was still not comfortable enough to expose himself fully before Mistress Candace...Especially, when she was being naughty and teasing him from time to time.

"Elder, should I practice here or is there a better spot on this planet." Felix asked while touching the gooey green swamp.

"I believe that the best spots are underground." Jörmungandr guided, "Head north, you will find a mountainous region."

Felix nodded his head and began his journey.

In a short while, he reached a black mountain range that was stretching for hundreds of kilometers.

Felix jumped into the sky and inspected the mountain range with his perfect vision, wanting to check for any caves.

After repeating the process several more times, he found a hidden cave behind a large boulder.

Without further ado, Felix entered the void realm...When he emerged, he was already deep within the cave.

"This is the good stuff." Felix smiled in satisfaction after finding a small dark green liquid pool that was bubbling from time to time.

It was surrounded by rocks, making it resemble a hot spring.

Felix removed the symbiote suit and swiftly jumped inside before Mistress Candace could tease him.

"Ohhh, I feel like my body is being massaged." Felix closed his eyes in enjoyment, "No wonder you called this place a spa."

"Open your eyes, you are not here to relax." Jörmungandr said, "You need to begin increasing your affinity as fast as possible if you still want to master the 2nd stage of poison manipulation and learn about The Conversion."

"Understood."

Felix broke free from a crippling laziness that was seeping through him and refocused on his objective.

Mastering the Conversion technique was a must before he participates in any individual game.

If he learned it for poison, it meant that he wouldn't need to fill his tank with poison energy anymore.

He could simply absorb neutral energy around him and convert it into poison energy.

If he did the same for lightning element, he would leave his elemental tank exclusive for his void energy.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Because he had an infinite source of energy from the void realm, he would never find trouble being out in the games.

With that, he would be solving his elemental tank issue temporarily until he figured out a method to increase his elemental tank significantly.

"Now, sit properly and close your eyes." Jörmungandr taught, "Remember your training in the UVR. It might be a virtual environment, but it still helped you experience a trance for a few seconds."

"Try to recall that sensation." Jörmungandr said, "I believe it will be a hundred times easier when you are in a truly rich poisonous environment."

As Jörmungandr said, Felix did indeed find it much easier to feel the poison particles around him than in the UVR.

In fact, he was already starting to see them! They were so many, his entire line of sight had turned green.

When he looked beneath him, the green particles were stacked to the point, they appeared to be solid.

Naturally, a liquid poison pool would have more particles than poison in a gas state.

Felix extended his arm forward and waved it slowly through the green particles. Then, he tried to grab some, but the particles just seeped through his fingers.

Not wanting to waste such an opportunity, Felix focused on the green particles that were on his hand and started to imagine turning them into a small cube.

Just like magic, the green particles began to attach themselves akin to Legos before turning into a smooth shimmering green cube.

Felix opened his eyes and couldn't help but smile in gratification at the sight of the revolving cube.

"You are right, it's hundred times easier here." Felix said.

"Congratulation on reaching the 2nd phase in your external manipulation." Jörmungandr smiled.

"Now, the real fun begins." Thor chuckled.

It might seem weird to celebrate making a small cube, but they knew that it was ten times more difficult than replicating Jörmungandr's body in the Last Key Keeper Game.

That's because Felix had made Jörmungandr's body from his own poison energy that was released from his body.

He might have created the copy externally, but the energy was still his own.

On the other hand, this cube was created 100% from external energy that didn't touch Felix at all.

This was the true external manipulation!

Having the ability to manipulate poison from a distance without needing to interact it with it physically.

Soon, Felix tried to create the same poison cube, but without closing eyes this time.

Alas, he ended up making air.

"One step at a time." Jörmungandr advised, "Creating a connection with poison particles is not an easy process and depends heavily on talent. Since you are a human, you need to be patient with it."

"I understand." Felix nodded and closed his eyes again, wanting to establish the same connection.

Without connection with the invisible particles around him, he could forget about creating anything.

***

A month later...

Felix could be seen sitting on the same bubbly poison pool fully nude. He had his head lowered and eyes closed shut, appearing like he was in a deep slumber.

Around him were a hundred of different floating objects with diverse sizes and shapes.

There were minimized vehicles, such as cars, planes, tanks. There were dragons, humans, snakes, furniture, and more.

Those objects were all made out of poison and weren't static at all.

Each second that passes, objects get destroyed and more emerge in place.

Some of them get reshaped on the spot and then split into different minimized versions of the same shape.

All of this was happening at the same time, creating a sense of mystique beauty within the chaos.

This was the result of one month of constant training...From a small cube to a free control of hundreds of objects!

"He might not be born with a great affinity as my descendants, but he will surpass even the best of them in no time." Jörmungandr smiled with a pleased expression.

"That's to be expected from my student." Thor snickered as he gulped a mouthful of wine, "If he can't even master poison, there is no point in teaching him the glory of lightning."

"Go be envious somewhere else." Jörmungandr shooed him away, knowing that he was just being a prick since Felix was going to spend the next months focusing only poison element.