Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 752 - First Encounter with Noah.

Another month went by and Felix was now able to create poison object with his eyes wide open. He didn't need full concentration to sense the poison particles around him.

This was considerable progress since he couldn't close his eyes during battle to use external poison abilities.

When he got comfortable making any poison object to his own desire, Jörmungandr began teaching him the methods to liquify and solidify poison.

Since it was going to be happening externally, the method wouldn't be the exact same as doing in internally.

Still, Felix didn't find it troublesome or harder than the internal method since he was already used to manipulation poison now.

Learning a new thing as a complete newbie wasn't the same as a veteran.

Regardless, Felix took another month and two weeks to finally master the method.

Now, he was capable of liquifying and solidifying poison without being in contact with it. This would create many possibilities in his future battles.

Although he made such a noteworthy progress, Felix refused to stop his training.

He continued learning other techniques and abilities that were available only after mastering external manipulation.

Jörmungandr emphasized that he wouldn't be teaching him anything about 3rd stage of manipulation, if he didn't master at least the most important abilities and techniques in the 2nd stage.

Hence, Felix remained within the poison pool for an additional three months until Jörmungandr was finally satisfied with his mastery.

"You can leave the pool now." Jörmungandr said, "The 3rd stage of manipulation requires an environment that is filled with neutral energy."

"I see, should I just return to Earth then?" Felix wondered.

He knew that Earth was filled with neutral energy due to not having extreme environments for elemental energies to be born.

"Do as you wish."

Upon receiving a confirmation, Felix stood up from the pool and began stretching his limbs.

He was sitting in the same place for months now.

"Nice."

Not missing the chance, Mistress Candace winked at Felix from the void realm as she peeked at his crotch.

"Shut up." Annoyed, Felix quickly got dressed and joined her in the void realm.

***

Thanks to Mistress Candace, the journey took merely a day and a half.

Felix emerged from the void realm and entered his suite at the Sky Pearl Island.

Robert, Malak, Erik, and the rest of his squad came running the moment he notified them of his arrival.

After greeting each other, Felix asked, "How is it going for Earth? Is anyone making trouble?"

When Felix headed the federation, he requested from Malak and Erik to observe the situation in the planet.

He knew that turning it into the capital city of the federation would mean countless new immigrants would be switching their citizenship as earthlings.

Naturally, this would create a divide between native earthlings and the immigrants.

Felix really wished that both sides wouldn't discriminate against each other, but he knew that was a farfetched fantasy.

"It's not good." Malak sighed, "The more immigrants gets accepted, the worse it gets. Most natives are feeling threatened by the immigrants and keep making trouble for them even though they aren't harming anyone."

"Indeed, there are too many protests happening simultaneously, it's getting out of hand." Nicci added with a worried voice.

"Mr. Rodrigas and Madam Zosia are trying their best to quench the protests as peaceful as possible." Jones shook his head, "But, nothing much changed."

"Sigh, I brought them an opportunity to change their lives for the better and this is how they treat it?" Felix smiled bitterly, feeling somewhat disappointed that the majority of earthlings were failing to see the big picture.

Earth being the capital federation meant that the entire planet had been risen in value by thousands of points.

Just a tiny land in the desert would cost millions of coins if they desired to sell it.

Homeowners could also rent their place for tens of thousands a month.

Felix made sure to impose some beneficiary rules for earthlings since he understood that they were still adapting to such a galactical expansion.

Just a few years ago, they were still using internet. Now, they had aliens as their neighbors...It wasn't that easy to adapt.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Regardless of his efforts, earthlings still felt threatened by the new immigrants and wanted it to stop.

Unfortunately, it wasn't up for them to decide.

For the planet to develop faster and join the ranks of the most influential planets in the universe, it needed capable immigrants.

Felix wasn't going to halt immigration just because the natives were too insecure about themselves and decided to turn their hate into innocent immigrants.

He had given them an opportunity that would have never occurred in their lifetime.

Felix knew that many intelligent and ambitious earthlings were already taking advantage of it and climbing through the social ladder.

"Since it's my planet, I might as well do something about it." Felix brought out an empty hologram and began filling it with a new set of rules.

As the legitimate owner of the planet, he could add any rule he wanted as long as it didn't involve something illegal.

In a short while, Felix requested the Queen to apply those rules effective immediately.

"Are you sure about this boss?" Erik gulped, "There will be riots."

"Let's see if they dare." Felix sneered, "Anyone who doesn't like the new rules can f*ck off to another planet."

"Agreed. We had the same rules in my planet, and they worked just fine to keep things in order." Malak supported Felix's decision.

The rules that Felix added weren't really that complex or limiting. They simply ensured that no one would actively protest without a legitimate reason.

If you don't want immigrants to be here, simply provide a reason that made sense instead of crying that they would be stealing jobs or such.

Earth was now a capital hub for the entire federation, and it wouldn't be called as such if it was filed with only native earthlings.

In case someone tried to hold a protest even without offering a good reason, they would be warned by Queen Ai the first time.

If they did so again, they would be fined and thrown in jail, depending on how big their protest.

"Enough of this, tell me about your integration with the mythical bloodlines?"

Felix referred to Nicci and Jones, the last human bloodliners in his squad without a mythical bloodline.

He had given them mythical bloodlines after explaining the difficulties and consequences to them.

As expected, none of them rejected the bottles even though it wasn't conclusive yet if they could enter the origin realm by using them.

For Nicci, he had given her Yggdrasil bloodline...The Plant/Nature Primogenitor.

Lady Sphinx had assured him that Yggdrasil might be still alive in the elves' galaxy, it wasn't concerned with matters related to mortals one bit.

She was as shut in as Phoenix, who was most likely still asleep above a star somewhere in the universe.

On the other hand, Jones was given Fenrir Bloodline. Since Fenrir was in a hibernation, Felix didn't find using his bloodline as an issue.

As long as all the bloodline bottles never reach 75%, no one needed to worry too much.

"I am at 30% now." Jones coughed, "I am integrating with 1% every five days."

"I am at 31%." Nicci shivered, "I am integrating with the same percentage as Jones."

"You will get used to the pain." Felix chuckled after hearing their abysmal integration percentage.

He knew that his pain tolerance shouldn't be compared with theirs since he was used to getting tortured from the very first bloodline he got.

"Where is little Oli, Noah, and the others?" Felix inquired suddenly.

"They are staying in the earthling team headquarters." Robert replied, "You should pay them a visit, Olivia has been asking about you ever since she got here."

"Alright, I will be heading there." Felix turned to Malak and requested for the bottles.

He had given them to her, believing that it would take him a year or two to master the 2nd stage of manipulation.

Fortunately, he underestimated his capabilities.

...

After getting the bottles, Felix moved through the void and reached the earthling headquarter in the blink of an eye.

"It sure got more magnificent than the last time I saw it." Felix praised with a surprised expression after emerging from the void realm at the plaza.

The half built island had already been finished and was now at its brightest hour. Everything looked futuristic and advanced like this small island wasn't meant to be on earth.

The only thing that remained the same was the drop in the middle of the island...The transparent dome, where the earthling team lives and trains.

"Is that Felix..."

"It can't be..."

"Is it really him?"

Felix walked towards the dome, not bothering that his appearance had stunned the staff members silly.

After reaching the door, Felix allowed his bracelet to be scanned just like always and got permission to enter.

The moment he stepped inside, he was startled to see Noah, approaching him on his hover platform.

His appearance had been almost completely changed due to his bloodline path mutations. But, Felix recognized him immediately because of his known cold and distant expression.

When Noah reached Felix and nodded at him silently, he was even more certain.

"Is that all I get?" Felix said speechlessly.

Noah frowned his eyebrows as he stared at his hand...Then, he suddenly offered it to Felix awkwardly.

"Ahh, whatever." Felix chuckled and shook Noah's hand, "Nice to see you too I guess."

Felix was now certain that regardless of what happened to him, Noah would always be the same.

A healthy mute, who cared only about his sister's well-being.