Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 754 - Creating A Mythical Earthling Team!

When everyone gathered in the conference room, Felix looked at Sylvia and asked, "By the way, where is coach George?"

"He remained behind with the rest at the camp." Sylvia answered.

"I see." Felix nodded his head and beamed eight bottles with different colors.

"I have recommended you to join the phantom organization as well." Felix extended his hand to the bottles and said, "The moment you accept being recruited, you will be given a mythical bloodline that matched your element."

"For real?!" Leo exclaimed with a thrilled expression.

The others were just as excited as him...Even Noah had his eyebrows risen in surprise, not expecting that they would be given mythical bloodlines.

"Isn't this too much?" Sophia asked with a worried tone, "Eight bottles can net more than half a trillion coins in the market. Is it really worth it to invest that much in us?"

Upon hearing so, the team's excitement died down slowly. All of them wanted a mythical bloodline bottles, but at the same time, they preferred not to create trouble for Felix in the organization.

In their eyes, recommending them was the same as vouching for their capabilities and worth to the organization.

If they screwed up or failed to live up to the organization's expectations, they would be ruining Felix's image and name.

'They are worrying about ruining my image from myself.' Felix wanted to laugh but held it in at their unwarranted worry.

He appreciated it though and made sure to ease their minds about accepting the bottles.

"The organization is investing heavily in the earthling team. So, if you really don't want to ruin my image, take the bottles and get as strong as possible for the games." Felix said while forwarding a contract to them.

"Now sign the recruitment contract, so we can begin."

Sylvia and the others read the contract and found it was more of an advanced NDA contract.

No one could expose anything about the organization or the bottles.

If they went and did so, the consequences wouldn't be too pleasant.

Felix did them a favor by giving them a mythical bloodline. So, if they screwed him over, they wouldn't be treated politely.

No one thought anything weird about the penalties since they believed that the organization wrote them not Felix.

After a few minutes, everyone signed the contract and could be considered as official members to the organization.

"We can't expose that we are members of the phantom organization, right?" Aadav inquired.

"Naturally." Felix nodded while picking two bottles that were filled with a blue chilly liquid. Then, he called for Noah and Sylvia to come up stage.

Without fanfare, Noah and Sylvia walked climbed the stage shoulder to shoulder.

"Everyone seeks a mythical bloodline since it's the ultimate bloodline rarity in the universe." Felix spoke with a serious tone, "You will be able to unlock nine abilities instead six. Those abilities are beyond your imaginations. Your enhancement boost will be incomparable to anything you experienced."

"I dare claim that mythical bloodliners are much stronger than even pure-blooded origin realm descendants."

The more he said, the more excited everyone got.

Alas, Felix had to burst their bubble immediately, so they wouldn't blame him later on.

"However, there is a considerable disadvantage for using a mythical bloodline." Felix said truthfully, "You will not be able to break through the origin realm."

"What do you mean?" Arno asked.

"What I mean is that no method has been discovered yet to enter origin realm by using mythical bloodline." Felix informed, "Maybe it will be discovered in the future, or maybe it will never happen."

"Before making your decision, you need to keep this risk in mind."

Olivia and the others glanced at each other, wanting to see how their teammates feel about all of this.

On the other hand, Noah didn't even bother to glance at the others. He simply extended his hand at Felix, gesturing him to hand over the bottle.

"Are you certain?" Felix asked for confirmation.

Noah nodded silently and took the icy blue bottle. He beamed it in his spatial card immediately and returned to his seat.

It might seem like he made a rash decision but in Noah's mind, there wasn't much choice to make really.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He understood that breaking through origin realm took centuries to millennials of effort to build the perfect mental state.

Even then, there was a tiny chance of succeeding.

So, what's the point of denying such a god sent opportunity for a slime chance to breakthrough?

Especially, when it wasn't certain yet that breaking through with mythical bloodline was utterly impossible.

Noah might not have said anything but his swift and decisive actions had shown everyone that they were thinking too much.

The answer was clear.

"Thank you for the recommendation. I won't forget this debt." Sylvia bowed her head in appreciation and took the bottle.

Soon, Felix called for Olivia and the rest, giving them each a bottle of their own.

Unfortunately, when Leo and William turn had arrived, Felix had to disappoint them.

"I am sorry, but there isn't any bottle for earth element or sound element." Felix shook his head.

"What...Why?"

"It can't be..."

Both of them were heartbroken by the news, feeling like fate was pulling a joke on them.

Felix couldn't be truthful and tell them that Sound and Earth primogenitors were alive and active.

There was no way Felix would be extracting their bloodlines and giving them to others without their approval.

He would be just asking for trouble. Worst of all, he would be embarrassing his masters.

"The organization still haven't made bloodlines for those elements." Felix tried to comfort them, "Though, you can use bottles for other elements if you have a secondary one."

Upon hearing so, William and Leo felt like their souls had returned to their bodies.

It wasn't the perfect route they hoped for, but they would rather use mythical bloodlines for their secondary element than none.

How could they keep their heads up when the rest of their teammates were mythical bloodliners?

"My secondary element is fire. I have 45% affinity rating on it." Leo sighed in relief, "It's not as high as my main element, but I can manage myself."

"My secondary element is light. It's 39% affinity rating." William nodded, "I will be slower than the rest in integration, but it will be fine in the future."

Switching an element was a big move since they needed to relearn everything from the start again. In addition, there could be conflict in abilities from different elements.

Thankfully, their secondary elements actually supported their main just fine and vice versa.

"I had a feeling that you will be making this decision." Felix smiled as he beamed two new bottles for those two elements.

"Haha! Captain, I wanna kiss you so hard right now!" Leo gave a heartful laugh as he jumped on Felix, trying to kiss him on the cheek.

"A thank you is sufficient." Felix pushed Leo's face away in annoyance.

Now that everyone had a mythical bloodline bottle, Felix had to warn them ahead about the incoming painful experience.

"I suggest that you start integrating with 1% to get a feel for it." Felix advised, "The integration duration will be fifteen minutes and the pain would be at least ten times what you are used to."

"For real?"

No one thought that it would be this difficult since they had seen Felix's integration speed being on par with them during the old days.

This meant, he was integrating with 5% and more during each attempt just like them while his difficulty was ten times harder than them.

Now, it made sense to them why Felix had reached this far in his journey. They couldn't help but admire him even more for it.

"If we integrated with 1%, it will be hard to get a mutation." Ronaldinho murmured, "Should I risk it and go for 3% at least?"

Noah and the rest thought the same. This was a mythical bloodline and their last integration.

It would leave a bad taste in their mouths if they pussied out and integrated with just 1%, denying themselves from a fine mutation.

At least Ronaldinho thought about doing just 3%, Noah was actually thinking of doing a whole 10% at once!

In his mind, if Felix was able to take it, he could do it as well.

"If you are still not convinced about the difficulty, we do a test run in the UVR." Felix grinned, "You will go through the same pain as I did during my 3rd replacement when I integrated with 13%."

"13%!!"

Everyone was left speechless at such a horrific percentage. During their time in the camp, they were replacing bloodlines with 11% at best...Only Noah was capable of doing 12%.

This was while the integration process took only five minutes!

They didn't dare to imagine doing 13% for a entire fifteen minutes...Especially, when the pain was ten times stronger!

"Your pain tolerance is truly too freakish." Sylvia and the others didn't know if they should feel awed or terrified by it.