Chapter 755 - The Conversion Technique.

Fifteen minutes later...

"So, what do you think?" Felix asked with an easy-going smile while staring at his teammates lying on the floor with deadpan expressions.

Only Noah and Sylvia were standing next to him with disappointed looks.

"You..You are a monster..."

"Captain, you must be a masochist to handle such a pain every two days..."

"I am starting to reconsider using a mythical bloodline..."

Olivia and the rest gave Felix a look meant for monsters, not expecting that the pain would be this agonizing.

No one even attempted 13% like Felix mentioned. Instead, they started with 10% like they were used to.

Yet, not a single one of them managed to survived for a single minute!

The instant they give in to the pain and faint, it was all over for them.

Realizing that they needed to go through this hell for fifteen minute made them understand how laughable their previous integration compared to this.

The second time, all of them reduced the percentage to a reasonable number...5%.

This time, most of them passed the five minutes mark, but it was still not enough.

From thereon, they kept reducing the percentage to 4%, 3%, 2%, and lastly...1%!

The shocking part, only Sylvia and Noah managed to finish the integration successfully!

Still, they didn't take pride in it at all.

"Don't get discouraged too much." Felix clarified, "The pressure of real death plays a considerable rule in integration."

No matter how realistic the UVR, it would be hard to go all in with integration while knowing that you can stop at any given moment without consequences.

Death was a major player in pushing bloodliners into finishing their integration no matter what.

Upon hearing so, Olivia and the rest felt a bit comforted but still, they weren't too pleased with their performance.

Failing to integrate with even 1% made it seem like the time they spent in the camp was useless...Especially, when there was a monster next to them with the same age.

'Felix, Nimo is throwing a tantrum after waking up.' Mistress Candace suddenly contacted Felix, 'He wants to be with you.'

'Okay, I am done here anyway.' Felix said.

He turned to his teammates and informed them, "After you cross at least 60% in your integration, we will be doing a planetary games marathon."

"Marathon?" Leo lifted his eyebrows in surprise.

"Yes, we will play all of our placement games in one day." Felix added, "I won't be playing those games with you. I believe that you can handle dealing with 5th stage bloodliners when you become full-fledged mythical bloodliners."

Felix wasn't planning on wasting his team fighting against 5th stage or 6th stage bloodliners. He trusted that Sylvia and the rest would be able to win against them with flying colors.

When they reach games against other races, he would be joining them then.

Felix understood that this earthling team would end up facing a barrier when he climbs to platinum games.

After all, the players there would be as strong as origin bloodliners.

Though, he ignored this matter for now, preferring to seek a solution for it when the time comes.

"Don't worry, we will not disappoint you or the organization." Sylvia ensured with a serious tone.

"You can rely on us, Felix!" Olivia promised.

"We will see about that." Felix waved his hand and logged out.

He informed them that he would be training on the island for a while and that he shouldn't be bothered unless it was important.

Then, he teleported inside his bedroom that was left untouched since the moment he departed.

Eee Eee!!

The first thing he did was bring Nimo from the void realm, allowing him to explore the room to his desire.

"To learn the conversion method, you need to understand first what are those inscriptions on your body." Jörmungandr requested, "Summon them and expose your chest."

Felix did as he was told with an eager expression.

After his body got completely covered in those green inscriptions, Jörmungandr began speaking, "No one knows exactly what are those writing, but everyone is referring to them as the language of the creator or the universe."

"You don't know? Creator?" Felix was startled by his answers.

He expected that Jörmungandr should have already understood everything there was to know about those inscriptions.

After all, he spent billions of years having them on his body.

"It's hard to translate those inscriptions." Lady Sphinx admitted, "Without the Maniacal Monoliths' existence, we wouldn't have been able to decipher even 1%."

Even Lady Sphinx was admitting her inability to fully comprehend them.

"I never thought their origin will be this mysterious." Felix murmured as he touched the inked writings.

"I believe that the Creation Primogenitor is currently the only one, who is still fully devoted to deciphering those writings." Thor mentioned.

"Yes, he never resurfaced again after telling us about it." Lady Sphinx nodded in agreement.

"I believe it's been more than a two billion years now?" Jörmungandr wondered.

"More or less."

"Two billion and he still hasn't cracked the code yet?" Felix was left at loss for words.

"Most of us believe that our meaning in life lies behind the secrets of those inscriptions." Thor chuckled, "But, the majority already gave up on trying to understand them."

"Everyone is hoping for the creation primogenitor to figure out and grace us with an answer." Lady Sphinx shook her head, "But, nothing has been heard from his side."

"Are you collecting the monoliths to discover their secrets as well?" Felix asked.

"No." Lady Sphinx shrugged her shoulders, "I am just curious what will happen if they were all gathered at the same place."

"Cough, I see." Lady Sphinx's obsession with intriguing experiment truly never fail to amaze Felix.

"There is another reason why those inscriptions are significant to primogenitors." Jörmungandr disclosed with a strict tone, "They are believed to be a treasure trove of unfathomable techniques."

"The conversion technique that define us primogenitors has been gotten from deciphering a single sentence." Thor added, "It is believed that the written inscriptions are made from hundreds of unidentified sentences."

The more Felix heard, the more his astonishment grew in those inscriptions.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The conversion technique was an ability that allowed primogenitors to transform neutral energy into their desired element.

Such a technique made sure that one would never run out of energy as long as he was within a space filled with neutral energy.

It was that overpowered.

Yet, he heard that there were actually hundreds of techniques that were just as amazing written on his body?

Felix felt like he was a walking treasure chest.

"Did you decipher any other techniques?" Felix wondered in intrigue.

"You don't understand, we didn't decipher anything." Lady Sphinx shook her head, "It was the creation primogenitor, who found the technique and learned it. Then, he shared it with us, wanting to see if those techniques were applicable to everyone."

"Ever since he gave us the conversion technique, he never bothered to share with us another technique." Jörmungandr said, "We all tried to find out how exactly did he decipher the technique, so we can get more techniques, but no one ever succeed."

"I see." Felix sighed, "That's a shame."

It was much worse to have a treasure but no key to open then not having the treasure at all. Now, Felix was going to experience the same discomfort as the rest of the primogenitors.

Knowing that he was carrying with him hundreds of techniques that could change his life upside down but unable to figure them out.

"Asna, you don't know anything about this right?" Felix restored to Asna.

"Nope." Asna replied lazily.

"You sure?" Felix narrowed his eyes.

"F*ck off, I am being truthful." Asna flipped him after seeing that he was not believing her.

"How about you?" Felix turned to Mistress Candace.

"This is the first time I hear about this." Mistress Candace replied.

"Don't bother yourself." Lady Sphinx chuckled, "All paths and methods have been attempted by primogenitors over billions of years but to no avail. Just forget about the other techniques and focus on learning what's in front of you."

"Ahh, I know...It just feels bad." Felix sighed.

"You will get over it soon." Thor chuckled.

"Let's hope so." Felix asked, "How do I learn conversion technique?"

"I believe the sentence is written on your left chest." Jörmungandr said.

Felix glanced at the inscriptions on his left chest and didn't know what he was looking for.

The words appeared just like a bunch of gibberish attached to each other.

Seeing his dilemma, Jörmungandr gestured for Mistress Candace to get closer. Then, he wrote the sentence in the air and told her to point it out for him.

Since Mistress Candace main consciousness was connected with her wisp that was operating her body, she understood the assignment perfectly.

"It's this tiny long line." She said as she placed a finger on a sentence that appeared as such:

-Poⵉⵙoⵏ ⵉⵙ ⵉⵏ ⴰⵍⵍ ⵜⵀⵉⵏⴳⵙ ⴰⵏⴷ ⴰⵍⵍ ⵜⵀⵉⵏⴳⵙ ⴰⵔⴻ ⵉⵏ ⵒoⵉⵙoⵏ-

Without Felix needing to ask, Jörmungandr translated it for him, "It means, poison is in all things and all things are in poison."