Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 762 - The Shaman Ritual.

Felix reached out to Malak and informed her about the situation. Naturally, he left out the part that the black pieces were part of a divine weapon.

He simply told her that he was interested in gathering those black stones for the organization.

"Do you want us to move in person or just by UVR?" Malak asked, knowing that Robert's safety would be challenged if she left.

"Finding them from the UVR is enough." Felix said.

"Alright." Malak promised, "We do our best to gather them."

Felix thanked her and hung up.

After he leaves the kingdom, he intended to pay a special visit to the Mendonus Clan to seek an answer for the ruins' position.

Malak and the rest of his squad would be responsible for hunting the rest of the pieces that were taken during the exploration.

But for now, he needed to restart his conversion technique's practice.

Just because he was minimized, it didn't mean that he couldn't practice the technique.

The Loftus Dust kingdom was significantly rich with neutral energy.

***

For the next two months in the kingdom, Felix visited the stolen goods market every day to buy any new additions of natural treasures. His harvest wasn't as bountiful as the first time, but it was still worth the daily trip.

On the other hand, his conversion technique mastery was getting better and better.

Felix believed that he would be more than ready to join the supremacy games again when he deals with the rituals.

As for the hunt for Mjölnir's pieces? Malak and his squad didn't disappoint him. They had managed to figure out the exploration's team members.

This enabled them to purchase many of the taken pieces from their hands. As for the ones that had been sold? They were following the traces at this moment.

In the past few days, Felix didn't ask them for updates due to his ritual reservation drawing close.

He knew that he needed to be fully prepared mentally for the ritual if he wanted to get as much as possible from it.

"Sir Felix, are you ready for your appointment?" Laylay knocked on Felix's door.

"Let's go." Felix emerged from the door with a serious expression.

"We have to get moving now." Laylay handed the lead to a hummingbird and rushed him, "Elder Solola doesn't like being left waiting."

Since Felix was going to experience a shaman level ritual, it meant that he needed to head to the kingdom's capital.

Fortunately, the capital was nearby the town. It took a mere few minutes before reaching its glorious gates.

Just like the town, the capital city was also built within a forest and had the same structural integrity.

The only differnece was the population and numbers of houses within the trees being significantly higher.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Felix had paid the capital a visit many times over the past two months...Majority of the newest stuff that he bought were from the capital's market.

Soon, they reached Shaman Solola's mansion. It was built on the ground with dead dried woods and was covered beautifully with bluish vines and moss.

Laylay and Felix entered the mansion through the unguarded and open gate.

When they walked past the garden, they noticed a fairly old woman, who was wearing baggy white clothes.

"Good morning elder." Laylay saluted respectfully.

Felix did the same.

"Sit here." Shaman Solola ordered in a straightforward manner.

Without questions asked, Felix went to the spot that she was pointing at and sat down in a lotus position.

"Are you certain about your choice?" Shaman Solola asked for a confirmation with her eyes closed.

"Yes."

Upon receiving his confirmation, Shaman Solola stood up and took off the baggy clothes, exposing a pair of graceful wings that were shimmering under the sunlight.

One would think that with old age, the wings would look dim, weak, and out right ugly. But in the case of the fairies, it was the opposite.

The fairies' wings were their source of pride and dust. The older they got, the more stunning they become.

Most importantly, the fairy dust that gets generated by their wings gets affected by their age too.

It was like wine...The older it gets, the finer it gets.

That's why Shaman rituals were the most precious ones in the kingdom besides the Matriarch's.

"Just like everyone else, you will get half an hour." Shaman Solola advised as she flew above Felix's head, "Make sure to take advantage of every second of it."

"I understand." Felix nodded while changing his clothes into single shorts.

"Let's begin."

Shaman Solola took a deep breath and began accelerating while flying in circles above Felix.

She was moving so fast, the wind began picking up around Felix, creating a small visible tornado.

Felix's hair began to flail all over the place, but he didn't care about them.

He kept his eyes closed shut and fully concentrated on what about to come next...When Shaman Solola reached her maximum speed, her magnificent wings began brightening up with a golden luster.

Then...A breathtaking scene emerged. Little sparkles of golden light began showering Felix from within the small tornado.

The volume kept increasing until the tornado turned golden and hid Felix completely, making him seem like he was inside a golden ring.

Meanwhile, Felix's body was being barraged by Shaman Solola's golden fairy dust.

They kept landing on his skin with such a high speed, it looked like they were trying to penetrate it.

In fact, that's precisely what they were trying to do and Felix was doing his very best to facilitate the process.

He wanted the fairy dust to enter his body since that's how the ritual worked.

The fairy needed to fly at her fastest speed to activate them and start expelling them, he had to capture as much as possible within him for the next half an hour!

The entire end result depended solely on him.

Unbeknownst to the fairies, Felix had a unique mutation that was capable of assisting him heavily in the ritual.

The lightning absorbers!

No one was capable of noticing them when he had them closed, but the instant he opens them, his skin looked like it was poked by millions of needles.

'Oh, what a lucky fella.' Shaman Solola noticed his skin condition and knew that he was going get the best out of this ritual.

Just like she thought, after the thirty minutes ended, most of the fairy dust had been completely stored within his body.

"How is this possible?!" Laylay exclaimed in disbelief as she looked at the ground around Felix.

It was almost spotless!

She had taken parts of many rituals due to being a guide. In all the rituals she had participated in, the ground was always covered in fairy dust.

It always pained her to see so much fairy dust get wasted like this, but nothing could be done.

The fairy dust needed to be activated in the ritual and couldn't sustain itself for even a few seconds after being exposed to the environment.

This entailed that it couldn't be stored at all.

"How can you absorb so much?!" Laylay flew next to Felix's face as she asked with a rushed tone, "Is there a secret? Tell me please!"

Laylay understood that if Felix had used a teachable method, it would be a massive upgrade to the fairies' ritual.

They would be able to lower the time allowed in rituals, which in turn would get them more clients.

"Sorry to disappoint you. It's a unique mutation." Felix answered while opening and closing his lightning absorbers.

"I see..." Laylay's plan fell apart before it could take off.

"You little brat, help me out here a little." While she was wallowing at a missed opportunity, Shaman Solola was having difficulty standing straight.

"Sorry elder!" Laylay flew frantically to the shaman and gave her a shoulder to lean on.

Felix went forward and helped her to return to her seat.

She seemed frail and weak like she has just given up on a few years of her life.

In a sense, that's precisely what she did.

Fairy dust gets created from longevity...That's why older fairies had the best quality of fairy dust.

Since fairies could live up to thousands of years, all of them fasten their growth by creating the fairy dust...Especially, when the profit of an older fairy dust was incomparable to the others.

Just look at the entry tickets. Felix paid a billion SC for his ticket and to receive a shaman ritual.

It would take ten rituals of an valued grade or one thousand rituals of a common grade to earn the same amount.

Hence, the youthful fairies work extra hard to attract as much client as possible at the start of their business to enrich their fairy dust.

The only consequence was growing older but most fairies wouldn't realize how foolish their decision was until very end of the line.

In fact, even if they realized it, nothing much could be changed.

Felix knew that shaman fairies were bound by the alliance to conduct rituals on a monthly basis...On the other hand, the Matriarch needed to do it on a yearly basis.

The rest of the fairies were free to do whatever they wanted as long as they never conduct a second ritual to the same person.

The fairies were weak and needed protection dearly from the SGAlliance.

During the dark ages, they went almost extinct due to getting hunted for their fairy dust.

There were hundreds of pockets dimensions like those all over the universe.

Now? Only one remained behind.

This meant, the fairies had to make such compromise if they wanted to continue living free of worry.

There was no free lunch in this universe...