Chapter 763 - Meeting The Matriarch.

After the ritual was done, Felix was escorted outside the mansion by Laylay.

"You can remain in the kingdom for another day." Laylay warned cutely with her fist tightened, "Don't overstay your welcome. Otherwise, it will get physical."

"Alright, alright, just don't beat me up." Felix chuckled in amusement.

Now that Felix's ritual had been concluded, he was bound by contract to leave the kingdom the day after.

But, Felix wasn't planning on leaving yet. He still hadn't contacted the Matriarch to showcase his treasure.

In the past two months, he wasn't lazing around.

He tried different ways to contact her that didn't involve shouting out his identity or exposing his treasure...None of them worked.

'I guess I am left with only one option.' Felix sighed while clicking Queen Allura's contact. He knew that if he asked from his senior sister to set up a meeting with the Matriarch, she would make it work instantly.

After all, she was one of the ten rulers of the SGAlliance and the witch race was in an amicable state with the fairies.

Felix didn't resort to her sooner because he preferred not to annoy her with requests every time he got stuck.

He knew that Queen Allura wouldn't mind and in fact, she encouraged him to seek her out most of the time, but Felix was still not comfortable with it.

"Ahh, Sir Felix! Don't leave yet!"

Just as Felix wanted to contacted Queen Allura, Laylay approached him from the back with a peculiar expression.

"Hm? What's the matter?" Felix asked.

"You have been summoned by the Matriarch at this instant." Laylay expressed with a curious expression.

"Huh? You are kidding right?" Felix was left at loss for words.

"We never joke about the Matriarch!" Laylay held his hand and flew with him with an excited expression, "Let's go already. It's been a long time since I met the Matriarch personally."

While Felix was flapping by the air like a kite, his thoughts were thrown in to disarray by this random summoning.

'Did the Matriarch noticed my attempts to reach out to her and decided to summon me?' Felix thought.

'Maybe she found out about your identity.' Asna mentioned, 'Other fairies aren't really that connected with the real universe' news, but the Matriarch is a different story.'

'You might be right.' Felix nodded.

If this was reason, then Felix was being summoned for a matter related to his void army!

Still, he wasn't worried or anything.

The Matriarch couldn't harm him when his spiritual pressure was capable of blowing her in to pieces.

...

After a short while...Felix had reached the largest tree in the forest. It was situated at the northern edge of the capital.

Unlike the rest of the blue forest, this tree was green and resembled an oak tree greatly.

Laylay flew with Felix towards one of its many guarded branches.

The moment they landed, they were asked for identification. When it went through, they were allowed to continue on their journey.

The guards were informed about all incoming visitors by the Matriarch.

Sometime later, Laylay and Felix reached the tree's trunk. Before them stood a wide open dark hole that was guarded too.

This time, they just passed through the guards and began descending on a wooden staircase carved from the tree.

After walking for a while, they finally made it to the bottom of the staircase. It was connected with a long well-lighted corridor.

"Be respectful, the Matriarch is in the other side." Laylay whispered at Felix while walking with a hasten steps.

'She is really eager.' Felix chuckled and caught up to her.

Soon, they reached a closed shut gate.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"I have brought him, Matriarch." Laylay coughed as he knocked on the door lightly.

"Laylay, stay outside." A delicate peaceful voice responded to them.

Felix pushed the gate open and stepped inside a cozy small room that resembled cottages in winter.

Felix ignored the simplistic decor of the room and eyed a gorgeous mature tan skinned lady that was sitting next to the fireplace.

She had a wavy long caramel brown hair and a few tattoos on her exposed shoulders and arms.

She wore a traditional outfit made from leather and plants. Yet, this didn't take away her charm at all.

Felix already saw pictures of the Matriarch, so he wasn't surprised by her breathtaking appearance even though she was the oldest fairy in the kingdom.

How was she able to maintain her beauty? He honestly didn't give a crap.

"I appreciate the invitation Ma'am." Felix bowed his head respectfully.

"No need for formalities." The Matriarch smiled charmingly as she offered, "Please sit, a friend of my sister Allura is a friend of mine."

"Queen Allura told you about me?" Felix was startled.

"Indeed." The Matriarch nodded, "She reached out to me two years ago and requested that I take care of you in case you decided to visit the kingdom."

"I see..." Felix didn't know what to say.

He felt embarrassed by asking Queen Allura small favors, but it seemed like he didn't even need to do so.

The moment Queen Allura knew that he was her little junior, she already started looking out for him by reaching out to her 'friends'.

She never informed him of such things, but she always had her eyes on him.

It was truly a strange feeling for Felix to have someone looking out for him without his knowledge.

"Anyhow, I have waited until you have finished with your shaman ritual before we can start ours." The Matriarch smiled.

It looked like the Matriarch didn't want to ruin Felix's plan of getting two rituals.

"I am truly grateful for your good intentions, but I won't feel at east if I received your ritual without anything in return." Felix beamed a small vial that was filled with a single white drop and handed it to her, "This is my gift, please accept it."

"You really didn't have to bother yourself." The Matriarch took the vial with a carefree expression.

In her eyes, his gift was to show his good intentions, and it would be just disrespectful not to accept it.

However, when he took a closer look at it, her heart couldn't help but skip a beat.

'This can't be right! Such a treasure has gone extinct hundreds millions years ago!' Agitated, the Matriarch opened the vial and took a deep breath.

The moment she smelled a peculiar scent of fresh flowers blooming mixed with oceanic saltwater, her hands couldn't help but shake a little, causing her to almost drop the vial.

"A tear of the nature goddess..." In utter disbelief, she murmured while glancing at the vial and then at Felix.

'I didn't expect the tear will be this important to her.' Felix had been told by Lady Sphinx that the fairies dreamed of two things.

Complete liberation and a tear of the nature goddess.

All of them dreamed of having the tear for a single reason...When consumed by a fairy, their longevity gets extended to by at least a hundred thousand years if not more!

It was already established that longevity was connected with their fairy dust quality.

Imagine a ritual held by a fairy that was a hundred thousand years old.

Alas, the tear of the nature goddess had gone extinct for a very long time.

Now, it was simply a myth in the kingdom.

"Do you like it?" Felix smiled.

"Like it?" The Matriarch rushed at Felix with reddened eyes and hugged him tightly.

"Thank you! You have no idea what your gift means to me." She whispered in his ears while trying her best to hold her tears.

Felix had no idea what to do besides pat her in the back awkwardly.

He gave the tear because he thought that it would strike a real friendship between them instead of having his senior sister owe a favor due to him.

But, he never expected such a intense reaction...He knew that there was a story here.

"I am truly sorry for showing such an unsightly behavior." In a few moments, the Matriarch wiped her tears and returned to her seat.

She closed the lid on the vial and beamed it in her spatial card, fearing that something might happen to it.

"I am just glad that you loved it." Felix smiled politely.

The Matriarch eyed Felix with a lovable expression like she was staring at her prince charming.

Before Felix could get the wrong idea, she smiled, "When sister Allura told me to take care of you, she also mentioned that I will never regret it."

"Now, I am already not regretting this meeting before even the ritual." The Matriarch suddenly stood up and requested, "Give me a few days until I absorb the tear of the nature goddess."

"Of course." Felix nodded.

"I will call you back when I am done." The Matriarch took him to the gate.

Before Felix walked out of the room, she ensured him with a serious expression, "You will be receiving the greatest ritual that was known in the history of fairies."