Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 764 - The Longest Ritual In The History!

Back in the apartment...

"I am glad she went for it without me brining it up." Felix smiled in satisfaction as he sat on his bed.

Felix was already told by Lady Sphinx that the tear of the nature goddess was also capable of enhancing the fairy dust quality.

This entailed that if the Matriarch absorbed it before she conducted his ritual, he would benefit immensely from it.

Felix had to give the tear to the Matriarch regardless of what.

After all, he already had been given the treasure by Lady Sphinx, and he couldn't just return it when Queen Allura used a favor of hers to set him up.

Since the tear of the goddess was useful to only the fairies, he had no reason to keep it on him or sell it for profit.

Thankfully, it all worked out just fine.

"By the way, how is my consciousness space." Felix asked, "Is it expanding noticeably?"

"You can say so." Asna smiled in contentment as she watched the soul barrier being encased in a golden hue.

This golden hue belonged to the fairy dust as it was nourishing Felix's soul barrier, allowing it to expand further and further.

Since Felix had received a substantial amount in his last ritual, Lady Sphinx had calculated that his consciousness space would double at least!

This entailed that his mental defenses would be much tougher and his mental capacity would be enlarged.

Still, the real ritual had yet to arrive...This was just the appetizer.

***

Five days later...

Felix was called by the Matriarch to pay her a visit. This time, he went alone since Laylay had been hired as a guide for another visitor.

Felix had already expanded his 'visa' in the kingdom and now was remaining here as an illegal tourist.

Without the Matriarch having his back, he would have been in a serious trouble.

When he reached the magnificent green oak tree, he found out that the Matriarch was waiting for him before the first gate.

Felix spotted the difference in her almost immediately.

She was still mature, but now she was glowing radiantly like she was given a new lease of life. Yet, what attracted Felix's attention more were her pair of wings.

They were just absolutely stunning...Shaman Solola's wings couldn't hold a candle against them!

The guards eyed Felix weirdly, wondering about his identity.

They knew that no one besides the ten rulers were worthy to make the Matriarch greet them at the gate.

"Let's go to the ritual platform." The Matriarch held Felix's hand and flew with him towards another branch.

When they landed, Felix noticed a circular white wooden platform that was unguarded.

The Matriarch placed Felix in the center of it and clarified her reason for delaying the ritual, "The tear of the nature goddess can enhance my dust quality. For the past few days, I have absorbed successfully and also conducted a few rituals to enhance it more."

"You really didn't have to waste your longevity like that." Felix was left at loss for words.

Now that the Matriarch had gained plenty of years to her longevity, she could go a bit wild with her rituals.

Still, Felix didn't expect that she would do a couple of rituals before his own just to enhance her fairy dust quality by a little.

"Nonsense, without your gift, I wouldn't have anything to waste." The Matriarch patted his shoulder and then pushed him down to get seated.

"Now get in position and stop asking questions." The Matriarch flattered her wings rapidly and took off above Felix.

When Felix was fully prepared, the matriarch began ritual.

It was the exact same as the one with Shaman Solola.

The only difference was the duration.

The Matriarch ritual had lasted for more than ten hours!!

The longest ever recorded ritual had lasted for a mere six hours, and it was done for the son of an elder dragon.

As for the rest of individuals who purchase the Matriarch's ritual? They had a mere fifteen minutes with her!

Ten hours was such a long duration even Felix believed that it was excessive and tried to stop the ritual on many occasions.

However, every time he went for it, the Matriarch had assured him that she could handle this much after absorbing the tear of the nature goddess.

When the ritual finally concluded, the first thing Felix did was check on the Matriarch's health.

As he expected, he found her unable to even lift a finger...She was utterly spent!

'I hope you are satisfied with my payment. I'm well aware that it is still not as valuable as the tear, but I will be at your service whenever you need it.' The matriarch smiled faintly before finally giving in to her exhaustion.

"Ah, I would have been delighted with just a few hours." Felix sighed in frustration as he lifted the Matriarch.

He never wanted her to be this excessive.

Only now did he understand why she was confident in her claim that he would be given the best ritual in the history.

There was no way the Matriarch was going to conduct another ritual that last for ten hours again.

'It seems like the Matriarch really was grateful for the tear.' Asna wondered, 'She might have problems that can be solved only with time, and you just gave it to her.'

If it that was the case, then the Matriarch's behavior could be explained.

...

After taking the Matriarch back to her cozy room, Felix returned to his apartment. He knew that it would take the Matriarch a while to wake up.

'Felix, you better come here and check this.' Asna said.

Felix entered the consciousness space immediately.

The moment he opened his eyes, he was left stunned by his soul barrier walls shimmering brightly.

Yet, the shocking part was the fact that they were expanding rapidly while the consciousness lack continued to go up!

Felix believed if the expansion continued on this pace, his consciousness space would have one of the largest oceans in the universe without counting spiritual-based races.

His mental defenses would be more than enough to defend against even official bees' mental abilities.

As for his mental attacks? They would be extremely dangerous and hard to block, providing Felix a valuable addition to his arsenal.

Lastly, Felix believed that he probably could now use the 3rd level of his Truth vision...Spiritual Vision!

'Well, with this, you won't be complaining about mental defenses anytime soon.' Asna chuckled.

'And you won't be complaining about space.' Felix smiled.

Felix's journey to the Loftus Dust kingdom could be considered as concluded perfectly if we didn't count the Matriarch's current state.

Now, he had completely taken care of one of his deadliest weaknesses, and he wouldn't be bothered by it for a very long time.

***

A few days later, Felix had been summoned yet again to the Matriarch's place the moment she woke up.

She had exhausted at least a couple of centuries in her longevity to provide Felix with that ritual.

"How are you feeling?" Felix asked with a worried tone.

"Never better." The Matriarch stretched next to him comfortably, considering him as a close friend.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

"If senior sister heard about the trouble I caused you, she will beat me up." Felix chuckled.

"Haha, I can imagine it happening. Sister Allura can get physical easily." The Matriarch laughed for a short while.

"I called you here not to discuss the ritual." The Matriarch's expression turned a bit solemn, "I'm aware that you will be leaving after this meeting. I wanted to warn you to be careful."

"Careful about what?" Felix knitted his eyebrows.

"Your name has already been registered as an extreme dangerous individual to be watched for in every planet within the alliance." The Matriarch shared, "The moment you entered the kingdom, I was notified by the Queen. Instead of sharing the Intel like we have been told, I covered it and made sure that no one bothers you during those two months."

"No wonder."

When Felix entered the kingdom, he assumed that he might be recognized by the guards at least.

After all, his face and information was all over the network over the past few months due to his void army making an unforgettable scene.

Only now did he understand that the Matriarch was shielding him against the prying eyes of everyone.

How exactly? He didn't know, but he was truly grateful for the two months of peacefulness.

"Matriarch I can't express how gra.."

"Save it." The Matriarch caught him off, "I just want you to understand that you will be watched carefully in every planet you step in."

"So, make sure to always be on alert." The Matriarch warned, "I know your void army and abilities are too strong, but there are many races capable of taking care of you before you resort to them."

"I understand." Felix nodded with a stern expression.

He knew that she was right.

Just because he had Mistress Candace and ninety million void creatures backing him up, it didn't mean that he was completely unkillable.

There were many hidden figures, who were interested in his secrets and weren't scared at all by his deterrence.

If he kept exposing his location without having his guard up, he would pay the price heavily.