Chapter 781 - His Hardest Battle Ever!

"So what? Sue me." Saurous scoffed.

There was an unofficial rule between the primogenitors that forbid them from giving out too much for their champions.

Primogenitors had plenty of remarkable treasures lying around...From scrolls, artifacts, potions...etc.

So, it was deemed improper by them to give such treasures to their champions...It was for the spirit of the games and sportsmanship.

After all, winning was important, but it wasn't as important as actually getting entertained.

Still, this was just an unofficial rule that could be ignored...It seems like Saurous had no issue looking bad in front of his peers by breaking it.

"He is really desperate for a win."

"I am kinda cheering for that human kid now."

"It's doubtful if he can still win this after that weapon has been brought out."

The primogenitors chattered as they watched the current development in the battle.

Instead of throwing the spear at Felix, Sunny merely pointed it at him and subjected it to a tremendous gravity force!

Pheew!

The spear fell with a terrific speed at Felix, scaring the shit out of him.

He immediately teleported outside of Sunny's gravity domain, knowing that the spear was most definitely going to penetrate his symbiote suit.

It was weak against piercing type attacks, which meant that he couldn't play this slow anymore.

Without hesitation, the instant Felix appeared on the other side of his blink, he aimed his palm at Sunny and discharged a thick lightning bolt at her!

Szlzlzlz!

It moved so fast, it landed on Sunny before she could react against it!

"A direct strike!"

Sage Marshal shouted in surprise, not expecting that Felix's aim could be good enough to hit Sunny from a such a far distance.

When Felix's fans saw that Sunny was emitting smoke, their eyes brightened up in delight.

Alas, before their hope could be restored, Sunny brushed off the smoke like it was nothing.

'As expected...' Felix smiled bitterly after seeing that she was wearing a tight silver armored artifact underneath her dress.

It was engraved with three lightning resistance futharks, boosting her elemental defenses to a whole new level against Felix's lightning abilities.

"What the f*ck is this crap!" Malak couldn't help but lose her shit and curse loudly.

"She is literally geared against Sir. Felix!" Nicci expressed hatefully.

"Did he screw her over and bailed on her or what? This is too much preparation against him when there are literally ninety-eight other players!" Erik banged the table furiously.

The entire squad felt that Sunny had taken it too far with her preparation against Felix.

A spear with enhancing penetrative futharks and an armor with lightning resistance futharks...Even an idiot could see that something was going on behind the curtains between those two.

Alas, they had no idea about the champions' games and could only speculate on what Felix had done to Sunny to end up being treated like this.

"Will you surrender now?" Sunny smiled at Felix while having the dark spear hovering around her.

In her eyes, she had Felix completely countered.

Poison was useless due to her gravity.

Lightning was useless due to her armor.

Symbiote suit was useless due to her weapon.

Lastly, void abilities were useless due to her sensitivity to space.

What else could be done?

What else could Felix think of to beat her?

At least, everyone else was completely stomped and believed that Felix had no other option but to surrender or buy time by teleporting away continuously.

"Aren't you worried?" Mistress Candace asked Asna while serving her a drink.

Asna was chilling near a pool Lady Sphinx's house while watching the stream live.

She seemed carefree and at ease like Felix wasn't going through one of his hardest battles ever.

"Nope." Asna replied causally while taking a sip, "My Felix will come on top eventually, no matter how the odds are stacked against him."

It looked like only Asna had this absolute blind belief in Felix's capabilities...She spent the longest time with him and gone through much shittier situations.

As she assumed, Felix didn't retreat again. He discharged another lightning bolt at Sunny while at the same time blinking near her.

Sunny got her sight hindered by his attack, but she didn't really rely on it to figure out Felix's exit point.

BOOM!

So, she ignored the smoke and delivered a gravity palm at Felix's exit point, resulting in him getting smacked in direction of the ground.

However, before he reached it, Felix aimed his hand at Sunny with great difficulty and projected another lightning bolt.

Szlzlzlzlz!

If Sage Marshal slowed his attack in the screen, the viewers would notice that the lightning bolt was wrapping a tiny bit as it traveled towards Sunny.

"You are just wasting our time." Sunny said calmly while blasting off her dark spear at Felix.

Phew!

Felix ignored her and blinked in the opposite direction...Then, he discharged a lightning bolt at her yet again.

Alas, the same outcome emerged...Felix on the ground while the dark spear heading towards him at a supersonic speed.

For the next half a minute, the same sequence of fighting was on a repeat even the dullest viewers started predicting Felix's next move.

"Sigh...The fight is pleasing to watch but, it just feels useless like it will result in nothing." Sage Marshal commentated while shaking his head in disappointment.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

When he saw that Felix refused to admit defeat, he honestly expected a miracle to occur.

Felix's fans, who were used to Felix making astonishing comebacks, knew that a miracle wasn't farfetched in his situation.

Sadly, the current fight screamed of desperation and hopelessness.

Even Sunny began feel irritated by Felix's teleportations and getting zapped once in a while...Sure, the armor helped her absorb most of the electricity, but it still hurt a bit.

So, the instant Sunny saw Felix blink to another location, the first thing she did was move slightly to the side, wanting to avoid getting hit by his incoming lightning bolt.

'Huh?!'

However, instead of a lightning bolt greeting her as always, Sunny felt an intense fluctuation in space around her location!

'Shit!'

Without an ounce of hesitation, Sunny dashed swiftly away, not caring about attacking Felix.

Good thing she trusted her instincts and moved away...Otherwise, she would have been split in half after a void rift got opened in her previous location!

"What a twist!" Sage Marshal immediately hollowed in excitement, "Landlord has used his void rift as an offensive ability!"

The viewers were shocked by it, not expecting that a void rift could be used to attack someone.

Meanwhile, the primogenitors sighed in disappointment.

"Was this his reason for repeating his attacks? Trying to get Sunny to lower her guard then kill her with a void rift?" Saurous scoffed in derision, "He really has grown dumber in the past four years."

Who could blame him for thinking like this?

It was an established fact by now that Sunny could sense fluctuation in space.

So, she would be truly a moron to be hit by a void rift when the fluctuations it made were quite intense.

"So, this was your final act?" Sunny spoke with a tone filled with ridicule after seeing that Felix was displeased by his failed attempt to kill her.

She was always on her toes even when she held all the cards in her hand and Felix seemed at his wits end.

She had watched enough highlights of him to understand that he was an intelligent and quite cunning player.

So, she always expected him to make a final attack and was prepared to evade it.

"Let's see you continue bubbling after this." Felix ignored her mockery and opened another void rift on her location.

Alas, just like before she easily dodged it.

Still not giving up, Felix kept opening void rifts one by one each time she stopped.

It got to the point, more than a fifty-void rift from all different sizes were opened in a single area.

"Are you done?" Sunny said with a disdainful tone while eying Felix breathing ruggedly on the ground.

He had his arm inside a void rift, clearly fueling up his lost energy after such a useless attempt to take her down.

"Oh no! Landlord is out of void energy!" Sage Marshal shouted, "He can't use his blinks anymore!"

Without blinks, Felix was like a mouse inside Sunny's gravity domain!

Felix's fans all knew so, making them hollow at him with tearful eyes, "Just surrender! You did more than enough!"

Alas, Felix didn't even budge...

"You can die now."

Sunny wasn't planning on watching him fuel up his tank when presented with such a wonderful opportunity!

She pointed her finger at him and propelled her dark speak akin to a missile at his head!

Felix couldn't even dodge it normally since he was being pressured by an insane level of gravity force.

Felix eyed the incoming spear with an agitated expression that was zoomed in by the camera, making the viewers and Sunny believe that he was finally at his wits end.

But in reality?

'The stage has been set.' Felix was smiling coldly from within.