Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 782 - Calculated to The Last Milisecond!

Booom!!

The Dark Stallion smashed through a dune, raising a gigantic sand cloud in its path.

The sand cloud made it impossible for the viewers to find out what happened to Felix.

However, Sunny knew that he had blinked away from danger at the right moment.

'He has enough to pull one more blin...Huh? Where is he?!'

Sunny's carefree expression was stiffened after realizing that she couldn't sense Felix's exit point from his blink!

In fact, she couldn't even sense his gravitational waves that gave away his location all the time!

Soon, the tens of void rifts around her closed simultaneously, creating a chaotic space fluctuation all around her.

Sunny didn't care about it as she was smiling widely at the thought that Felix should have surrendered to avoid the Dark Stallion.

'Queen, did Landlord surren...'

Alas, just as she wanted to ask for confirmation from the Queen to put her heart at ease, she was forced to swallow her sentence after her instincts screamed at her to evade!Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Unfortunately...It was already too late.

A magnificent and horrific dark purplish beam pierced her chest from behind, creating a giant gaping hole for all to see!

A split second later, there was nothing else to be seen as Sunny had been disintegrated out of existence, leaving not a single particle behind...

She was utterly deleted by that purplish beam.

A moment later...Felix walked out of a void rift while still wearing his symbiote suit.

He eyed Sunny's previous location and said indifferently, "Not so talkative now?"

Then, he walked towards the Dark Stallion and picked it up.

He placed it above his shoulder and walked through the desert towards the center of the map, appearing like a lonely traveler.

"..."

"..."

"..."

Meanwhile, a deafening silence fell in the stadium the moment Sunny got exterminated...The stadium wasn't the only place that went as quiet as a graveyard.

The primogenitors' council, the stream chat, and every public place where the game was streamed on.

Everyone had either their eyes bulging out of their sockets or jaws widened, too stunned to react at what had just transpired.

A second ago, they were waiting for either Felix's death or his surrender...Instead, they were given an scene of Sunny getting deleted by a purplish beam that appeared out of nowhere.

The contrast was too overwhelming for most viewers, making them unable to process the current development quickly.

"Good kid." Lord Khaos smiled faintly as he murmured a praise.

Since no one was speaking, the primogenitors were broken out of their daze instantly.

They all looked at Lord Khaos' reaction and couldn't help but nod in agreement with pleased expressions.

"Hahaha! As expected of my student...Everything has been mapped out by him before his first blink!" Thor laughed while clapping his hands thunderously, too excited to care about his behavior.

"Not a bad strategy." Lady Sphinx smiled as she eyed Felix walking away from his fight location.

"Your little champion is sure cunning alright." Siren praised while chuckling, "He even fooled me for a second."

"Indeed, he didn't fake his assault once but twice."

"Truly a brilliant strategy and terrifying patience to carry it out."

Kumiho, Aspidochelone, Erebus, and the rest of the primogenitors all shared the same opinion as Siren.

They didn't care about Wendigo, Manananggal, and Saurous, who looked like they had just swallowed a fly.

The primogenitors were all intelligent and quick-witted individuals.

So, the instant they saw the purplish beam, they had connected all the dots of Felix's strategy.

"Ohoo, you guys seem a bit too stunned." Thor grinned widely as he ridiculed, "Should I explain his strategy? Maybe it went over your thick heads."

Saurous and the other two could only stare at him with murderous bloodshed looks, feeling too infuriated by the Sunny's death to deal with Thor's insults.

They weren't stupid...They realized that Felix had been building for his last attack from the very first blink.

While they managed to figure out Felix's strategy, the rest of the viewers were left absolutely stumped!

[Replay! Replay! I need to know how he did it!]

[Holy sh*t, my lord coming out with the clutch!]

[I never lost belief in him! I always knew that he was up to something.]

[Just how? And what is that purplish beam?]

The viewers went absolutely bonkers in the stream chat, demanding Sage Marshal to replay the latest scene.

The live spectators weren't any better as they kept chanting either Landlord out loud or a replay.

Knowing that everyone would go insane if he didn't give them the replay immediately, Sage Marshal didn't carry on with his plan to analyze the scene first.

He swiftly replayed the last scene in a slow motion while commentating excitedly, "Settle down already and open your eyes widely this time."

Sage Marshal highlighted Felix with a different color, so the instant he disappeared, he would be caught in camera this time.

In a few moments, Felix was caught blinking a short distance behind Sunny to avoid the Dark Stallion.

"Huh?"

"Holy Shit!"

"Of course!"

At the start, everyone was surprised to see him highlighted behind Sunny but not appearing in the camera.

However, when they saw the purplish beam emerging from within a tiny void rift, the dust cleared in their minds.

"Brilliantly done!" Sage Marshal enlightened the dull viewers passionately, "Landlord has blinked within the void realm and then commenced his attack!"

"Sunny didn't realize it because she can't detect his gravitational waves when he is in a different dimension!" Sage Marshal added swiftly, "Landlord was smart enough to close all the void rifts simultaneously, creating a chaotic fluctuation in space to confuse her even more!"

"He made sure to attack from a tiny void rift that was hidden behind her, making her unable to predict that she will be assaulted from there!"

"Last but not least, he saved that horrific purplish beam until she was convinced...Hell, until all of us were convinced that he was at his wits end!"

The more he clarified, the clearer Felix's strategy began to surface in everyone's minds.

When they managed to see the final picture, they couldn't help but feel awed by his cunningness and extraordinary patience.

"Now I see why he kept hitting her with lightning bolts repeatedly...He wanted her to believe that he doesn't possess any other ability that could harm her." Olivia laughed happily.

"That's not all." Sylvia added with a faint smile, "He disguised his void rifts as attacks, so he would have a reason to pop them all over the field."

"Indeed." Sophia nodded, "Sunny thoroughly ignored them when she saw that he was out of energy, not knowing that he was faking his exhaustion and agitation."

"Though, I don't know why he went this far to attack her with that purplish beam." Leo titled his head in confusion, "It looked pretty fast and deadly to me. I doubt that b*tch could have evaded it if he attacked her with it instead of a lightning bolt."

Well, his confusion did make sense.

Felix could have blinked behind Sunny and used that attack after getting her used to lightning bolts.

She might not bother to dodge, believing that her armor would protect her as always.

"Did you see what happen to Sunny when she was touched by it?" Aadav reasoned, "Such an overwhelming and destructive attack must require some sort of condition or preparation."

He might have guessed, but if Felix were with them, he would have totally agreed.

What he used was his forth active void ability...It was called Void Beam.

It was a beam that gets fired from his void eye...It was potent enough to penetrate almost anything and everything.

It could be considered as a weaker version of void domain since its potency rivaled the purest void energy in the universe!

Because it was this potent, it was only natural that it required the corespondent fuel.

Hence, Felix needed to be within the void realm, powering it while absorbing the energy simultaneously.

This took at least a second before the void beam was ready to be fired.

How could Felix hit Sunny with it if he just teleported right behind her? Or if he didn't try his best to fool her that he was left with no choice but to surrender?

That second of momentarily happiness that Sunny felt when Felix disappeared out of her radar was all he needed to fuel his void beam and deliver it.

Everything was calculated to the last millisecond!