Chapter 783 - Three Overlords.

"Who would have thought that Landlord will turn from being at a risk of elimination to the top scorer in one moment." Sage Marshal commentated while displaying Felix's elimination score above his head.

Since he had killed Sunny, all of her elimination were transferred to him.

Felix now possessed ten eliminations above his head after inheriting five from Sunny...Her death included.

This entailed that he was completely safe from all upcoming execution rounds.

"Smart, going to the lake now to avoid unnecessary fights." Zosia mentioned while watching Felix sprinting towards the center of the island.

Felix had just gone through one of the nastiest fights ever.

There was no point in continuing to fight after going through that...Especially, when he had qualified to survive through all rounds.

Seeing that it was going to be a peaceful time with Felix for the next few rounds, Sage Marshal swiftly switched the camera to other ongoing battles.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

His priority was the current two other monsters in the game...Exodial and the Sleeper.

"It is always chilling to be viewing those two behemoths in action." Sage Marshal said while placing the camera on the Sleeper.

Majority of viewers couldn't help but suck a deep breath at the sight of a gigantic turtle, swimming a few kilometers under the ground like he was in an ocean.

"The Heavenly Turtle race are the undisputed best earth elementalists in the universe." Sage Marshal said, "Turning the hardened earth crust into a liquid was just another normal day to them."

Right at this moment, the Sleeper could be seen swimming underneath the grass field that was in front of the snowy mountain region.

He was aiming at two players who were going at it like they were the only ones on the island.

"It looks like the Sleeper is using vibration detection to steer himself." Sage Marshal grinned, "Prepare to witness horror."

After saying so, he changed the camera angle to showcase a wider view of the battle.

BOOM! CRASH!!

It was heated fight between a female werewolf and a female vampire...Both of them were in semi-transformation and kept landing heavily injuring strikes on each other.

Blood kept being sprayed all over the place, yet neither one of them decided to pull back and reassess their injuries.

"Drop-dead, you nasty f*cking dog!" The vampire cursed hatefully as she spat a torrent of sharp crystallized daggers at the werewolf.

Since they were fighting up close, they truly posed a real threat!

"Try harder, sl*t!"

Still, the werewolf blocked them easily by hardening her fur, turning it into an armored coat.

Not giving up, the vampire carried on her ranged assault mixed with her hand-to-hand combat.

When it came to a fight between vampire and a werewolf, it was always this bloody and barbaric...It was like rationality exits the room and get replaced by pure instinctual carnage.

Because both of them were in this state, none of them sensed the faint tremors beneath them...

The Sleeper was swimming only a couple of kilometers underneath them akin to a great white shark, waiting for the right moment to prey on them.

The instant the Sleeper felt that the tremors had gotten more intense, entailing that the fight had reached its critical moment, he launched his ambush!

Rumble!!

Without warning, supermassive brown walls emerged from beneath those two, placing them in the center.

The walls reached a whopping half kilometer in height and closed in as dome instantaneously, casting eternal darkness upon them!

'F*ck!

'God damn it!'

The moment they were trapped, those two immediately dashed towards the walls with panicked expressions, wanting to break through swiftly.

They knew who was capable of achieving such a feat, and they didn't dare to be near him.

Alas, the Sleeper wasn't that generous to let them go...

"Bye bye friends." He said with a thundering voice from beneath the ground while finalizing his ambush.

Hundreds of gigantic sharp brown spikes emerged from the walls and headed in direction of those two players!

'F*ck this!'

'I am out!'

The instant they saw them coming fiercely, both them didn't hesitate to surrender.

They were heavily injured from their battle, and they knew that it was impossible for them to block those gigantic earthly spikes.

Even if they did block them, they were just the beginning of their nightmare.

"This is too terrifying." Olivia expressed with a worried tone, "How can he create abilities in a such a wide area? I thought that only radiant players possess such a wide range and that gravity girl."

"Dragons and Heavenly Turtles are different." Sylvia clarified, "They can't be compared with other races when it comes to their elemental manipulation...If it wasn't for so, they wouldn't be placed straight in platinum rank the moment they join the platform."

Sunny's external manipulation range was truly a great achievement.

However, for the dragons and heavenly turtles, they can unlock the same range immediately after turning into adults.

They weren't called superior races for no reason.

The universe took great care of them and showered with them plenty of gifts. Though, their population wasn't that noteworthy.

"The Sleeper has claimed two more eliminations easily." Sage Marshal commentated, "Now, he has enough to avoid the execution rounds...What will he do?"

The moment he asked this question, the Sleeper was spotted traveling towards the center of the island.

It seemed like he intended to retire from the hunt just like Felix.

"Oh, it looks like Exodial is also planning to retire." Sage Marshal mentioned after switching the camera to Exodial.

He was noticed flying towards the lake after blowing the volcano into oblivion, eliminating all the players within its tunnels.

He was truly a walking nuke launcher in this game.

...

After a couple of minutes, Felix was the first to arrive at the peaceful shallow lake.

As seen in the game hall, the lake was leveled and shallow enough, the water didn't even reach his knees.

It wasn't completely barren...There were many rocks and boulders lying around.

Felix walked to a gray boulder that was placed in the center of the lake and sat on top of it while wearing his symbiote suit.

Ever since that assassination attempt by Phantom Eye, Felix didn't dare removing it again...Even, when it was completely tattered and seemed like it wouldn't sustain another void blink.

'Queen, am I at the exact center of the island?'

'You are two meters short to the right.' Queen replied.

Such basic information was allowed to be given to the players.

'Good.' Felix smiled faintly as he eyed the crystal clear sky.

He seemed completely carefree like he wasn't worried about his upcoming fight against Exodial and the Sleeper.

His attitude didn't run well with most viewers, thinking that he was getting ahead of himself after his last victory against Sunny.

Still, his fans refrained from doubting him again, not wanting to get their faces slapped by their own idol.

...

Soon, the sixth round started after execution round went through without casualties yet again. Meanwhile, the players numbers had dwelled to barely twelve...Felix included.

As for the island?

It had been shrunken to the point the other four regions almost disappeared.

Since the central lake was connected with all regions by a a spacious grass field, most players were left hanging around its edges.

"Surprisingly, no one is attacking Landlord even though he is sitting in the open." Sage Marshal said as he spotted the camera on Felix and the rest of the players.

It looked like no dared to step closer when the lake was being inhabited by Exodial in the sky...Felix on its surface...And lastly, the Sleeper underneath it.

Sage Marshal wondered, "Though, why isn't Exodial making a move too?"

As he said, Exodial didn't make a move on Felix even though he was in his line of sight...He just kept circulating around the lake patiently.

He had a lazy look like the game was already won.

The same applies to the Sleeper...He was too lazy to waste effort on killing Felix alone.

He preferred to lie low until most players get forced to join them in the lake.

As for the other nine players?

No one dared making a move against Felix when his kills were displayed above his head.

Nine kills!

Nine Kills was more than enough to let them know that Felix wasn't posturing for the win by chilling above that boulder.

He had earned his spot there unlike them with seven kills or lower.

In their eyes, it was much better for them to fight against other players than deal with his mysterious void abilities.

"Will you look at that." Winfried grinned widely, "Our president is sitting with the giants akin to an overlord claiming his territory."

Such a sight was truly worth capturing and framing for most humans...

A human just like them was seen with the same respect and fear as a dragon and a heavenly turtle.

No matter how the game ends, Felix had at least made every human feel proud about their race.