Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 785 - Acting Smart For His own Good.

'Are you being for real?'

Meanwhile, Felix was left at loss for words at the sight of the Ant Official flying rapidly towards him.

He thought that he would be left alone since everyone knew that he could simply enter the void realm if he felt threatened.

Ant Official knew so as well, but he still committed with his plan, believing that Felix might underestimate his mental attacks range.

In his mind, Felix wouldn't be able to survive even his weakest mental attack...So, he intended to attack him from his maximum range, not caring about its strength.

"Landlord must not underestimate Ant Official and hide now!" Sage Marshal advised loudly.

Felix's fans also screamed out the same, knowing that Felix's mental defense was his greatest weakness.

They still hadn't forgotten how he was affected by Bee Official's mental attack in his previous game.

Alas, no matter how much louder they chanted, Felix didn't even budge from his position.

'His pride will get him killed.' Phantom Eye snickered as he kept an eye on situation.

Meanwhile, the Ant Official was pleased to see that Felix had did exactly what he wanted.

Still, he didn't show it on his expressionless face.

'2500 meters....2000 meters...1500meters...1000 meters.'

He simply kept counting the distance between him and Felix.

The instant he crossed two hundred meters, his eyes turned bright red while staring straight at Felix's triangle-like pupil.

'Checkma...'

Alas, the instant he used a mental ability that sought to blow Felix's consciousness space into oblivion, he ended up receiving an immediate backlash like he had just smashed into a concrete wall!

'Huh?...How?'

Thud!

In utter bewilderment, the Ant Official fell into the ground in a rough manner. Yet, he was still staring at Felix with a bloodied widened eyes.

He wasn't concerned about the nasty headache that assaulted him or the blood that kept surging from his orifices.

He just kept staring at Felix's creepy faint grin, not daring to believe that a human had actually caused him a heavy backlash!

He would have accepted if it came from a Pandion or other races known for having remarkable mental defenses.

But a human? Hell, their mental capacities were even worse than some tier 7 beasts!

Alas, before he could regain his rationality over the absurdness of this situation, Felix lifted the Dark Stallion with his electromagnetism.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Then, he took a deep breath and hurled it as hard as he could towards Ant Official, who was still suffering from a mental backlash!

BOOOM!

The Dark Stallion broke through the sound barrier in a split second and appeared before Ant Official's face.

Pshshshs!!!

His head got utterly erased by the passing spear, creating a bloody cloud.

He could neither dodge it in time nor request for a surrender due to how close he was to Felix.

It was safe to assume that his lack of Intel about Felix had doomed him completely.

How could he know that Felix's mental defenses had received one of the best possible upgrades in the universe?

A shaman ritual, psychic shield ability by Thor, and lastly a whopping ten hours ritual by the Matriarch!

Felix's mental defenses were enough to handle even Radiant Hive Race players!

He had already tested it in the UVR against them and survived their attacks.

So, why would he bother hide within the void realm when a measly diamond ranked player wanted to attack his consciousness space?

"That's what happen when you act smart for your own good." Felix said lazily while stretching his arm behind his shoulders.

The viewers looked at Ant Official's corpse and then switched back to Felix with their mouths left agape.

'The f*ck is this?!' Phantom Eye almost popped out of his shadow from shock when he saw Ant Official's end result.

He saw the backlash's symptoms and realized instantly that Ant Official's mental attack had been blocked successfully.

He refused to accept that a human possess such an impressive mental defense! He knew that if it was him, he would have been killed instantly.

That's why, he almost never showed himself in front of players from the Hive Race.

[Don't tell me that Landlord's mental defenses have also surpassed humans limits?]

[How is this even possible? It's difficult to enhance human's mental defenses by even a little!]

[Maybe he used a wish to get a fairy ritual? There were rumors that he has been spotted in the fairy dimensional pocket.]

[Impossible! Even if he used a fairy ritual, it should be at best from a shaman fairy.]

[Indeed, many Origin Bloodliners had received it and still can't even defend against mental attacks from platnuim ranked players!]

[I doubt even if he took the matriarch ritual, it would still not be enough to close such a chasm between humans and the hive race.]

Heated discussions over Felix's mental defenses carried out throughout the stream chats and the stadium.

Increasing mental defenses for a human to such a degree was simply unheard of.

They were told by Sage Marshal that Ant Official shouldn't have gone all out against Felix in his attack.

But still, it should have been more than enough to break Felix's soul barrier like a sledgehammer smashed it.

Even primogenitors doubted that Felix would have managed to get rid of one of his major weakness in a mere couple of years.

However, because they knew that he had four primogenitors over his head, they believed that one of them had a hand in it.

If it wasn't Lady Sphinx, then it should be Lord Khaos...

"Heh, the pot calling the kettle black." Saurous sneered as he eyed Lady Sphinx and the other two.

He believed that Felix must have been given a natural treasure to enhance his mental defenses by them or offered something to the fairy matriarch as a gift.

Honestly, even if they did, it wasn't the same as giving an actual epic artifact like he did with Sunny.

He knew so, but he still wanted to call them out.

"Go be a sore loser in some corner." Thor waved his hand at Saurous lazily, thoroughly ignoring him.

"You f*c..."

'Be cool brother Saurous...Be cool.' Manananggal tried to calm him down, 'Increasing mental defenses or not, nothing matters before absolute power.'

'You are right.' Saurous calmed down after a deep breath.

He was usually collected and not easily ticked off by Thor's insults...Alas, today was truly too shitty for him, making it impossible to control his temper.

Manananggal was the same as him...He was also burning inside with rage after such a shameful display by his champion.

At least, Saurous's champion had put out a decent fight and actually made it seem like she could win it.

Meanwhile, Bloodcoral died without even glancing at Felix's face.

Knowing that Felix had increased his mental defenses to an abnormal level made him even more pissed.

After all, the mental attacking scroll that he had given to Bloodcoral might have failed and embarrassed him even further.

His day was literally going much worse than Saurous, but he kept his rage bottled up due to a single reason.

He was ninety-nine certain that Felix was going to meet either a nasty end against Exodial or surrender.

To be truthful, Felix's current easy-going attitude was putting a dent on his absolute confidence that he would lose this game.

He had been proven wrong many times now by Felix, he started feeling doubtful if that cockroach could even be killed in the games.

'Get it together...Even if he inherited the best ability of Lord Khaos, he will not be about to use it effectively with his garbage elemental capacity.' Manananggal assured himself.

In this game, Felix had proven that he wasn't adequate to bring out Lord Khaos' true powers of his element.

He always needed to refuel after using his abilities or preparing to launch a big one...Like his Void Beam.

So, in his eyes, it didn't really matter what kind of ability he inherited...The stronger it was, the more conditions and limitation it would impose on Felix.

This would make it more useless to have than a weaker ability that could be used efficiently like void rift.

Cherufe wasn't worried about Felix winning against his champion for this reason as well.

At this moment, he could be seen smiling from ear to ear at the prospect of earning five treasures in a single game.

It was truly a remarkable haul.

"Only four players remained. I wonder how they will play this?"

Sage Marshal split the screen into four portions and focused the camera on each one.

Since they were in the third phase, each round had a mere five minutes duration...This entailed in fifteen minutes at best, only the lake would be left behind.

Even though all four of them were on it, it looked like no one intended to make the first move.

However, because the Queen wouldn't allow them to remain passive for such a long duration, they all knew that one of them got to make some action to avoid being penalized by the Queen.

Surprisingly, Felix was the first to make his move.

"Good game guys." Felix said with a faint confident smile.