Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 786 - The Emergence of The Ultimate Ability!

Since Exodial, the Sleeper, and Phantom Eye were all far from him, no one heard him.

However, the same didn't apply to the viewers.

"Good game?" Sage Marshal titled his head in confusion, "Is he planning on giving up too?"

Before that thought could be rooted in the viewers' minds, Felix extended his arms to the sides, making him appear like in a 'T' pose.

Then, he opened a small void rift in front of his left hand. He put it inside the void realm and began absorbing void energy automatically.

'What is he doing? Is he really recharging his energy now?' Exodial got curious from Felix's actions.

'What an idio...Huh? What's that?'

Phantom Eye was forced to swallow his insult after spotting a small spherical pitch-black orb emerging from Felix's other palm.

It started expanding bigger and bigger until Felix had been engulfed within the dark sphere...Still, the expansion didn't stop.

Five meters...Ten meters...twenty meters...Fifty meters...

The bigger it grew, the wider the primogenitors' eyes got.

All of them were forced out of their seats as they kept watching the dark sphere keep devouring the surrounding lake like a black hole.

"Vo..void d..d...domain...Impossible!" Manananggal stuttered with a disbelieving look.

Cherufe, Erebus, Siren, Aspidochelone, Wendigo, Saurous, and Kumiho...All of them shared the same look as Manananggal, not daring to accept what their eyes were feeding them.

How could they accept it?

Before them was the most desirable ability by every primogenitor!

An ability that each one of them spent a hundred million years trying to develop but to no avail.

An ability that could turn them into one of the most feared primogenitors within the circle.

An ability that only four primogenitors had it in their eyes.

Yet now?

They were seeing it get used in a game.

An ultimate ability that struck fear in even primogenitors was being used against diamond ranked players!

"This is unreal..."

"It must be another ability..."

Slowly, they turned to Lord Khaos and saw that he was still donning that expressionless face, like he had no relation whatsoever to what Felix was doing.

"Is he really using void domain, Lord Khaos?" Kumiho asked with a dazed expression.

Lord Khaos stared at them expressionlessly for a second before nodding in agreement.

The moment they saw his confirmation, loud chatter broke in the council immediately.

"Are you being serious!!"

"Congratulation Lord Khaos!"

"How! How did you pull it off?!"

Most of them had thrilled looks as they congratulated Lord Khaos for joining the other four primogenitors with their own elemental domain.

It was normal for them to be excited since no further news about primogenitors unlocking their domain had surfaced for a very long time.

The four primogenitors refused to share their own experience on obtaining their domain.

Now, a new opportunity had shown itself for them to learn about the domain method!

Too bad, Lord Khaos wasn't in the mood to entertain their inquiries.

"Thank you, but I am watching the game." He said calmly.

The primogenitors' exhilaration was dampened after being rejected like this.

If they didn't know about Lord Khaos' personality being this stiff and stern, they could have assumed the worst.

That was keeping the secret to himself just like the other four primogenitors.

'You bastards better not annoy him now!' Kumiho chided all the primogenitors telepathically, 'Refrain from mentioning this matter now and let's wait until the game ends.'

They all agreed and returned to watching the game.

However, the instant they saw Felix's void domain covering up to a hundred-meter in radius, they were all left absolutely speechless.

"A human with an elemental domain and I still don't have one..." Erebus closed his eyes, "Kill me please..."

"This is the first time I am feeling envious of a human." Siren said with a bitter tone.

"I second that." Aspidochelone sighed.

While the neutral primogenitors reacted somewhat ashamed about themselves at the sight of Felix using an elemental domain, the Darkin faction members had a different reaction.

For the first time, they felt some threat emitting from Felix!

They knew that he could be squashed like a bug by them even though he had void domain.

Still, the notion itself that he possessed an ability capable of harming them didn't sit right with them.

When they thought about their champions and what would happen to them if they met Felix in the other games, they had gotten more certain about one fact.

'He needs to die as fast as possible.' Manananggal said with a cold tone.

Alas, the instant this thought crossed his mind, he felt like his back was being dug by two daggers.

When he turned around, he saw that Lord Khaos was staring at him expressionlessly.

He didn't speak, he didn't blink, he didn't even squint at him...He just looked at him like always.

Yet, this was more than enough for Manananggal's heart to start racing.

'What's wrong?' Wendigo asked after seeing Manananggal's weird reaction.

'Lord Khaos is backing the kid for real.' Manananggal informed them, 'We can't make a move on him personally or send subordinate after him.'

That look was all it took for Manananggal to back off from having any wicked thoughts about Felix.

Lord Khaos was already terrifying monster that could wipe the floor with them clean.

But after knowing that he possessed void domain? He didn't dare entertaining the thought of getting in his bad side.

'As expected, he had allowed him to inherit his void domain.' Wendigo said, 'There is no way he will allow him to get killed at our hands.'

Unbeknownst to them, Lord Khaos cared more about Nimo's being than Felix's.

He would never allow anyone to harm Nimo until he fulfills his destiny and become the new Paragon of Sins.

Meanwhile, the players and the viewers were still trying to figure out Felix's void domain.

'That dark sphere feels too creepy.' A bit terrified, Phantom Eye gulped a mouthful as he eyed the eternal darkness within the void domain.

His gut feeling had assured him that a horrible ending await him if he got inside that dark sphere.

"Is that some sort of defensive ability by Landlord?" Sage Marshal commentated with a curious tone.

He had highlighted Felix inside the sphere, showing that he was still in the same 'T' pose.

He wasn't standing in the center of the sphere but at the edge of it. That's because he needed to keep his hand within the void rift to fuel his domain continuously.

The instant he interrupted the fueling, the void domain would disappear.

Because the void domain consumed everything it touched, there was no way the void rift would remain stable within it.

Felix had tested it in the UVR in a more realistic setting and realized that his void domain break down space itself!

Naturally, Felix's symbiote suit and AP bracelet were the first to get erased by his void domain.

But, Felix didn't care anymore about keeping them.

This was his final act, and he had planned for it since the moment he realized he was in a battle royal.

Unbeknownst to any of this, Exodial kept staring at the void domain with his penetrative slits, feeling a bit intimidated by it.

'An ability by a human dares to intimidate me?' Exodial growled in displeasure.

It had been a very, very long time since his instincts warned him about something.

He was always carefree and had his nose up in the sky, knowing that no one besides other dragons could pose a threat to him.

Now, a human dares to make him feel threatened?

Champion or not, he absolutely didn't care.

"Whatever, I am getting bored anyway." Exodial murmured with a lazy expression.

While he seemed lazy, his actions didn't portray the same feeling.

He suddenly opened his jaws wide open while facing the void domain that was situated in the center of the lake.

Then, his throat started expanding larger while turning dark red through the scales.

"IT'S COMING!!!" Sage Marshal stopped talking about Felix's void domain and focused the camera on Exodial's mouth.

It was turning brighter and brighter until Exodial's mouth began shimmering akin to a star.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Meanwhile, within his throat a dark red flaming orb was revolving slowly on itself while absorbing the surrounding flames continuously.

After a few seconds...

'This should be enough to pay my respects to his masters.' Exodial thought while taking in a deep breath.