Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 787 - Not a Single Ripple!

Without an ounce of hesitation, he breathed out the dark red orb at the void domain!

'F*cking hell, what am I still doing here.'

Phantom Eye pulled back his head from outside the boulder's shadow the instant he saw the incoming dark red orb.

He didn't dare to watch its aftermath.

Meanwhile, the viewers could only stare at the falling dark red orb with held breaths and squinted eyes, expecting the screen to go completely white after the contact.

Sadly, the void domain had disappointed their expectations.

The instant the dark red orb touched its surface, it disappeared akin to a pebble falling into an ocean...

The orb didn't cause a single ripple to emerge on the void domain surface.

Seconds went by and still, nothing earth-shattering resulted from the contact.

"Huh? Am I tripping, or the dark red orb failed to detonate?"

"The hell is going on?!"

"Why did the orb disappear in that dark sphere? What kind of sorcery is this?"

The viewers were left completely dumbfounded and bewildered by what their eyes had just witnessed.

They anticipated a booming explosion but what they got was a deafening silence in the lake like Exodial hadn't struck yet.

Speaking of Exodial, his reaction was even more intense than the viewers after seeing his most prided ability get erased out of existence.

'This can't be real...' Exodial murmured with a dazed look.

His confusion could be understood...This was the first time his attack had ever failed like this.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

'Something is wrong here...I must have failed in my condensing technique.'

Exodial was still in a denial that his dark red orb didn't explode like always.

He would rather believe that he messed up his technique than trust what he had just witnessed.

Without an ounce of hesitation, Exodial prepared another orb within his throat under the eyes of everyone.

This time, he decided to be steady and slow with it to make sure that no mistakes occur.

"I feel bad for you, brother Cherufe." Erebus sighed with a sympathized expression.

"F*ck off, this shit is not funny!" Cherufe cursed with an frustrated look, "How is this fair? Primogenitors domains shouldn't be used against mortals."

While Exodial was still in denial, Cherufe already accepted his fate of being one of the losers in this game.

He understood that nothing used by his champion was going to affect the void domain.

As expected, the second dragon breath by Exodial disappeared within the void domain again.

Even though, the orb was much bigger and darker in shade, entailing that it was more powerful than his first attack.

"How is this even possible?!" Exodial shouted with a maddened expression as he eyed the unmovable void domain.

He might not accept the first time his attack failed, but two times? He wasn't that delusional.

"Again!"

Still, he refused to accept the notion that his strongest ability was utterly useless against Felix's void domain.

This time, Exodial went for broke and decided to go all out in making the third flame orb!

"Does anyone know what the f*ck is happening?" Sage Marshal glanced at the stream chat, hoping for someone to enlighten him.

Alas, everyone was spamming questions marks '??' and baffled emojis.

They were used to seeing booming explosion following a dragon breath in almost all of their games.

It was simply undefendable and no one dared to attempt blocking it before.

The only ones able to survive through the explosion were the heavenly turtles, who could hide within their indestructible shells.

Even dragons get hurt badly if a flame orb landed directly on them.

In those mentioned scenarios, the orbs always goes off.

This was the very first time in the history of the platform, where a dragon breath could be claimed to be completely blocked!

"I DARE YOU TO BLOCK THIS!" Utterly livid, Exodial aimed his widened jaws at area next to the void domain and launched the latest flame orb at it.

It had the size of a gym ball and was illuminating with blinding white light.

'I guess he isn't that proud to keep assaulting my void domain idiotically.' Felix chuckled as he watched the white orb touch the surface of the lake.

The instant the contact was made...A spherical second sun appeared from far...It kept growing bigger and bigger until the grass field had been included within the explosion zone.

The viewers didn't see any of this since the screen became as white as a sheet a split second after the explosion occurred.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Before they could react, an ear rupturing blast rumbled the entire stadium! Soon, it was followed by the screen brightness fading slowly.

The first thing everyone saw was a towering mushroom cloud that was big enough it was noticeable from the exosphere.

The shockwave of the blast had travelled to the edges of the island and got erased after touching the blue hue.

God knows how far the shockwaves would have reached if the island was still intact...

Exodial fought through the shockwave of his own blast, trying to balance himself in the air.

When he finally regained it, he couldn't help but smirk proudly at his own destruction.

The mushroom cloud was still covering the center of the island, but he knew that nothing should have survived there besides the Sleeper.

"Sheesh! Dragons are truly a different breed." Scared shitless, Sage Marshal wiped his sweaty forehead while staring at the center of the lake.

"Are you kidding me?!"

Because of him highlighting Felix with a different color, he didn't really need to wait for the dust to settle.

He spotted him still affixed in his 'T' pose, not moving a single centimeter!

[Dear lord! Don't tell me he actually survived that explosion?!]

[Holy crap! That's explosion was enough to delete an entire capital city from the face of every planet!]

[This can't be right! I doubt even a dragon can survive being in such a close approximate to that explosion!]

The viewers finally lost it after realizing that Felix had survived that horrific explosion!

Sure, they were seeing only his figure outline colored in red, but that was more than enough to be certain about his survival.

Knowing that such a giant mushroom cloud would take at least half an hour to be dispersed by the wind, Exodial decided to take upon himself to get rid of it.

Whoosh Whoosh!

He flew down and began flapping his gigantic wings at the mushroom cloud...Slowly but surely, the aftermath of the explosion began dispersing away.

In less than half a minute, the lake was exposed in the open to everyone.

The instant everyone saw its condition, a single thought coursed on their mind...Complete Annihilation!

Not a single drop of water remained in the lake. In fact, there was no lake left behind to be spoken of!

Just a gigantic circular crater that was deep enough it could be mistaken for an aftermath of a meteor strike.

Yet, the viewers' eyes didn't even remain placed on the crater for a mere second before they were allured to a magnificent and mesmerizing sight.

A giant pitch-black sphere hovering in the air without anything to support it...The other half of the void domain was finally exposed!

"It can't be...This can't be real." Exodial's proud smirk was stiffened the instant he saw the dark sphere.

He expected it to disappear with the lake, not double in size!

"What's going on here?" The Sleeper murmured with baffled expression after digging himself from underneath the crater.

When the explosion occurred, he hid within his shell and survived it without a single scratch on him.

When he emerged from the ground, he expected to see Exodial alone instead of Felix's void domain floating right above his head.

Alas, no one was there to answer his question.

Exodial was completely traumatized by his inability to destroy the void domain, while Phantom Eye was still hiding within his shadow realm.

He didn't dare to peek after the first orb, knowing that Felix and the sleeper had both survived it.

This made him understand that Exodial wasn't going to stop bombarding the lake until both of them die.

"The dark sphere is still standing strong." Sage Marshal commentated while highlighting Exodial's frozen expression.

"Haha! Look at his stupid face. He must be questioning his existence at this moment." Asna laughed in amusement at Exodial's expression.

She already knew about Felix's strategy to win the game and was anticipating this single moment.

The moment when Exodial realize that he was completely f*cked!