Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 788 - Putting Them Into Utter Despair!

-The seventh round has been concluded, the map will start shrinking in ten seconds.-

The Queen Ai announced rigidly, not caring about the current development on the island.

After ten seconds went by, the blue hue began moving slowly towards the lake, devouring the scorched grass field on its way.

As the viewers watched the island shrinking, most of them had a sudden realization about how the game was going to end!

"Oh god! Don't tell me Landlord is going to win this game by killing everyone with the blue hue!!" Sage Marshal exclaimed with a shocked expression.

They could see that the dark sphere was powerful enough it was capable of blocking even Exodial's strongest dragon breath!

This meant, nothing in this game was going to destroy it besides the blue hue!

However, because Felix was standing at the exact center of the island, this entailed that the blue hue would reach him last.

When the last two rounds ends and the blue hue stop at the edges of the lake, the game would go into overtime!

It was common knowledge in battle royal games that the map would restart its shrinking process if no survival had emerged in ten minutes!

It was done like this to force out the last survival no matter what!

Imagine if the island kept shrinking until it was completely erased. Who would get touched by the blue hue first?

Was it Felix, who was standing at the center and had a smaller size, or those two behemoths?

"Brilliant! F*cking Brilliant!" The Fang Laughed loudly as he banged the meeting table after understanding Felix's final plan.

Felix's fans went absolutely mental at the thought of their idol actually clutching a victory against a dragon and a heavenly turtle!

They went through a rollercoaster of emotions in this game.

They were eager for Felix's appearence in the game.

They were glad that he was still capable just like in his previous games.

They watched him run from a fight for the first time.

Ever since then, they were doubting if he could live up to their crazy expectations and win against a dragon and an heavenly turtle.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Majority of viewers in the Milky Way honestly were just satisfied with him reaching the end of the game and claiming a spot next to those two behemoths.

In their eyes, even if Felix surrendered, they were more than okay with it...He climbed the furtherest of any human did in the history of the galaxy!

Now, they were told that he was actually going to win it?!

Chaos emerged in cafés, restaurants, open plazas in most of the cities, stadiums, and every public place where the game was being streamed!

Some were crying their eyes out, some were breaking shit, some were shouting as loud as they could, some were hugging, and some were kissing!

It was a buffet of emotions spilling out at the same time!

When they saw that the Sleeper was assaulting Felix's void domain with gigantic boulders but to no avail, they started chanting Felix's name!

"Landlord!"..."Landlord!"..."Landlord!"..."Landlord!"...

Meanwhile, the Sleeper's lazy attitude was nowhere to be seen as he kept assaulting Felix's void domain with multiple destructive abilities!

Alas, all of his abilities kept entering the void domain and not leaving again, like they were being thrown into a black hole.

This kept agitating him because he understood the consequences of not being able to destroy the void domain!

'I can't lose at the hands of a human!' He had absolutely no issue losing against Exodial since they were known to be eternal rivals.

Occasionally, they win against them and every so often they lose.

Although, he wasn't as proud as Exodial, he was still appalled by the thought of losing to a human!

He couldn't even imagine the humiliation he would experience before his own kin.

"I am done fooling around!" The Sleeper's expression hardened all of a sudden.

Then, he took a deep breath and smashed his giant paws into the ground.

The instant he did so, an earthquack stuck the crater, causing the ground to shake and start cracking.

Deep chasms emerged in the grass field near the crater.

"RISE!" The Sleeper yelled out loud with thick veins protruding from his neck.

RUMBLE RUMBLE!!

Suddenly, a giant portion of the ground was separated from the grass field and began rising slowly!

"Dear lord!"

"How is this even possible?!"

"That's the size of a meteor!"

The viewers were shocked silly by the image of a humungous piece of ground rising into the air.

It was at least a half cubic kilometer in size!

When Exodial noticed it, he stopped moping around and spoke telepathically with the Sleeper, 'You can lift it as high as you could, I won't touch you.'

'Alright.'

The Sleeper trusted in his words without a contract or such, knowing that dragons' pride forbid them from breaking their sacred oaths or such.

So, the Sleeper began pushing the giant piece of the ground higher and higher while following it by rising on top of a solid earth pillar.

Five hundred meters...One thousand meters...Two thousand meters...Five thousand meters!

The instant he reached this height, he moved the giant rock until it was above Felix's void domain.

The celebrating Felix's fans couldn't help but swallow back their happiness and show nervous expressions.

They saw that Felix's domain had tanked even a nuke from Exodial...So, this giant rock shouldn't pose any threat at all.

Still, they were nervous since the comparison of the size between the rock and dark sphere was vast.

They couldn't help but imagine that the giant rock would squinch the dark sphere and kill Felix.

"Die, you little rat!" The Sleeper cursed loudly as he released his control over the giant rock.

Whoosh!

As it fell towards the void domain, it kept on accelerating each second until it was merely a few hundred meters above it.

It had cast a giant shadow on the ground, confusing Phantom Eye.

'The hell? Is this the Sleeper's shadow? Isn't way too big?' He saw a supermassive shadow gate opening up in his realm.

He knew that the explosion couldn't be the cause, so he decided to peek outside the real world for the first time.

The instant his head emerged into the real world, he couldn't help but gulp a mouthful after seeing that the lake was gone and replaced by a crater.

'Motherf*cker...He really blew the enti...Hmm?'

Before he could continue his sentence, he felt the wind being suppressed heavily from above.

When he lifted his head and saw the incoming meteor, his eyes widened in utter horror.

'F*CK THIS! GET ME OUT QUEEN! GET ME OUT OF THIS HELL!'

Without an ounce of hesitation, he hollowed for the Queen to save him, feeling like a mouse trapped in a fight of titans.

No one cared about his surrender as they watched the giant rock make contact with the void domain.

"..."

"..."

"..."

"..."

When everyone saw that the enormous piece of ground getting erased out of existence like it was an illusion, they had no idea how to react anymore.

They merely kept staring at the dark sphere speechlessly, feeling like they were staring at the void itself!

"No, no, no, no...That's everything I got." The Sleeper murmured with a stunned expression, still not over the image of his 'meteor' getting deleted instantaneously.

The fact that it was much larger than the void domain made it even harder for him to accept.

'Welcome to the club...' Exodial said with a forced deranged laugh, making him appear like he was about to lose his shit.

Red Dragons were known for being easily angered and pissed off...Because, their strength increase the angrier they get, it was good for them.

However, Exodial felt for the first time utterly hopeless about breaking Felix's void domain...No matter how mad he gets, the result would stay the same.

Still, he knew that giving up wasn't an option.

Because he didn't possess a surrender coupon!

Majority of the high ranked players refused to join battle royal without surrender coupon to save them.

But this was Exodial...A Real Proud Red Dragon.

It was simply impossible for him to lose a battle royal game, when it was oriented heavily to support his nuking abilities.

Because he possesses just three wins since the start of his journey in this platform, he didn't get many opportunities to obtain a surrender coupon.

Most importantly, it was impossible to reject a champions game!

'Brother Sleeper, how about you enter that dark sphere and kick him out?' Exodial proposed with a hopeful tone, 'Your shell is indestructible. I am certain that it won't affect you at all.'

The Sleeper gave him a scornful look as he cursed, 'You think I am that retarded? That dark sphere must be a miniature version of the void realm or something...There is no way in hell I am touching it.'

Before Exodial could try to convince him a little more, the Sleeper started disintegrating into light particles.

'You are on your own.' The Sleeper wished him good luck one last time before disappearing.