Chapter 789 - Going Further and Beyond!

The Sleeper wasn't that proud to enter a battle royal without a surrender coupon when a dragon was in it.

Since his strongest attack failed to achieve anything against Felix's domain, there was no point in remaining in the game, when he knew how it was going to end.

The moment he disappeared, Queen Ai announced the end of the eight round!

Soon, the island began shrinking again and stopped until it reached the lake's region.

"I refuse to die like this!"

Agitated and lived, Exodial breathed ruggedly as he watched the blue hue closing in on him.

Although he knew that his dragon breath was useless, he decided to give it ago again. It was better than doing nothing and watching his ending draw nearer and nearer.

So, he began bombarding the lake with a nuke after the other, not stopping even when the mushroom clouds had yet to disperse.

Huff Huff!

When he was done, his wide chest kept raising and falling as he displayed a truly pathetic image. Nevertheless, Exodial didn't care at all about his rough appearence.

He went near the dark sphere and flapped his wings at it.

'Please, please, please...'

Alas, when the dust settled, the void domain remained hovering proudly.

'I am going to die...'

After seeing it, Exodial finally fell into utter despair.

He knew that he was left with two options...Either wait until the blue hue erases him or go for a hail marry and dash through the void domain.

He still hadn't tested his reflective scales, and he intended to leave them as a last resort.

-The ninth round and final round has been concluded, the map will start shrinking in ten seconds.-

Queen Ai's announcement truly came at the worst moment for Exodial.

Alas, she didn't care about his existential crisis.

The moment the time arrived, she pushed for the blue hue to continue doing its job.

This time, the blue hue pushed through the crater zone, devouring it in a slow and painful manner for Exodial.

He couldn't even fly into the exosphere or such since the sky had a ceiling...It was very high, but it was still blocking anyone from escaping the island's atmosphere.

After the island stopped shrinking, the Queen announced, 'The game is going into overtime...You have ten minutes to conclude your fight before the island will restart shrinking until nothing is left.'

This announcement was a death sentence to Exodial...It merely informed him that this was going to be his last ten minutes.

What's worse, he couldn't even bargain with Felix or such since this was a champions' game.

So, he was left floating in the air and contemplating his life in utter silence, having absolutely no clue what to do next.

He wanted to rage, he wanted to curse, but he was a proud red dragon...If he still had control over one thing, it would be the way he dies.

"This is too heartbreaking to watch." Sage Marshal sighed.

Even the rest of the viewers didn't know how to react to this situation...Before them was a flying dead dragon, and they were going to witness it live.

Dragons lose in the games, but they rarely die in them.

So, seeing Exodial's death was actually a very rare experience that most of them had yet to see before.

Everyone watched in silence as time went by...Before long, the overtime duration had ended.

Immediately after, the island began shrinking yet again...This time, it wasn't going to stop at all!

"Landlord and Exodial have three minutes at best before the island get completely erased." Sage Marshal informed.

"He is actually going to win it..." Olivia murmured with a dazed expression, feeling too surreal about everything.

Just a few years ago, Felix was considered as the outcast of the family.

An outcast, who shunned everyone and everything, due to not being able to accept his parent's death.

An outcast, who was believed to accomplish nothing in his life.p an da no v el

Now, he was going to create history in less than three minutes!

"TEN WINS IN A ROW! SEVEN MORE TO GO!!"..."TEN WINS IN A ROW! SEVEN MORE TO GO!!"

Felix's fans were already celebrating early over his victory, feeling too overwhelmed by the thought of their idol winning the first diamond game for humans!

"Drinks on m...Hmm?"

Just as Leo wanted to celebrate Felix's victory with a round of drinks, his eyes caught an unbelieving situation.

"Why!?"

"What is he doing?!"

"I don't get it!"

The viewers were just as shocked as him.

Without warning, Felix had actually cancelled his void domain and entered the void realm!

He did so the moment only three hundred meters remained on the island's diameter.

Everyone was confused by this since they knew that he had already secured the win.

Even Exodial had accepted his fate and was waiting for the blue hue to give him courage to dash through the void domain.

google p an da no v el 'Chance?!' Exodial's eyes brightened up after spotting the disappearance of the void domain.

As long as the domain wasn't there, he could handle anything thrown at him by Felix.

Unbeknownst to him or the viewers, Felix wasn't satisfied with just the win.

He entered the void realm for a simple reason...To kill Exodial and claim the Dragon Slayer Title!

He didn't even need to do anything risky or fancy.

Felix merely stood on the ground and began creating another domain in the void realm!

In a few seconds, the void domain was big enough, it would consume Exodial in a split second.

Still, Felix waited for the island to keep shrinking even further.

'F*ck, f*ck, f*ck! Did he jump into the void realm to be more secure?!'

Exodial's hope was shattered the moment he realized that Felix might not ever come out again.

He wasn't even given the opportunity to dash through the void domain.

Seeing that the blue hue was merely a couple of meters away from touching his large wings, Exodial was forced to land on the ground and minimize his size as much as possible.

He curled up like a ball, not realizing that in the mirroring realm, Felix was waiting for him to take this decision.Finnd ð’ew chapters on nð’ve/lbið’(.)com

search p an da no v el 'Checkmate.' Felix smiled coldly as he opened a a giant void rift right on top of Exodial.

The instant Exodial noticed the space fluctuation and saw the void rift emerging, he figured out Felix's aim immediately.

Unfortunately, he wasn't given even a second to attempt and do something.

The void domain was pushed out by Felix slowly and touched Exodial's horn.

Then...There was no then, Exodial was turned into a memory in the minds of all viewers around the universe.

That tiny touch was all it took for a proud dragon to be thoroughly wiped out from existence.

Reflective scales? Perfect defenses? Reversed scale is the only weakness? None of that mattered to the void domain...

"..."

Stunned and astonished, the spectators could only stare at the newly risen spherical void domain with parted lips, not having the proper words to describe this twist.

They knew that Felix could be considered as won the game, but no one expected him to go further and beyond by slaying Exodial personally!

>Congratulation to the Champion Landlord for being The Last Executioner!<

The moment this announcement echoed twice, Felix was teleported to the stadium immediately, marking the conclusion of this game.

Instead of appearing before everyone as naked as he was born, Felix donned himself with a misty pitch black poisonous outfit, making resemble a nightmarish creature.

For the first time in a long while, Felix opened his eyes to a deafening silence in the stadium...Even his hardcore fans were staring at him with stiffened expressions.

"He kill..killed a dragon...He actually slayed a real dragon...Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, HOLY SHIT!!" Sage Marshal stuttered with his palms shaking in agitation.

The moment he took control over agitation, he brought the mic near his lips and howled with a feverish expression, "LANDLOOORD HAS SLAYED A REAL F*CKING RED DRAGOON!!!"

With that bellow that sent chills coursing through the viewers' spines, all of them were awakened back to reality.

WHOOOOOAAAAHHH!!!! CLAP CLAP CLAP!!

The entire stadium was lifted upside down by the spectators' hysterical screams.

Spits and drinks were showering everyone as they kept cheering like their lives depended on it!

Their throats started to hurt like hell, but no one gave a crap about it.

Surprisingly, it wasn't just Felix's fans that went absolutely frantic at the thought of a dragon getting slayed for real...Almost all spectators from many races felt absolutely exhilarated by Felix's achievement!

Even the ones, who were cursing Felix before and wanted him dead!

"THEY WERE FINALLY SLAYED!!

"THANK GOD!!"

"I CAN'T WAIT TO GIVE THEM SHIT FOR IT!"

While no one was willing to admit it, everyone wanted for the dragons to fall just once from their high horse.

They knew that as long as the dragons remained unslayed in the platform, they would always behave akin to immortal gods!

Felix had just proven that they were mortals just like everyone else.

No one cared that it was a human who did it.

They were just f*cking glad that someone finally pulled it off!

"DRAGON SLAYER!..."DRAGON SLAYER!!"..."DRAGON SLAYER!!"..."DRAGON SLAYER!...

Before long, the chaotic noise of the spectators' screams and yells began to harmonize as a single chant.

This chant kept echoing thunderously throughout every screen that streamed the game, creating an overwhelming picture that was hard to imagine.

Who would have thought that most races would unite to celebrate the death of a dragon?

'They sure are happy about it.' Felix smiled faintly as he waved his hand in appreciation for the love and support he was being shown.

He wanted to avoid bursting their bubble and let them know that he didn't slay Exodial for honor or pride...But simply, due to the many benefits it came with it.

Benefits given by the Dragons themselves!

One would think that the dragons would feel humiliated or embarrassed if one of them got slayed, but it was the opposite.

They celebrated the slayer and considered him to be worthy equal and a friend.

One of the many benefits was being treated with the highest esteem when visiting any dragon clan!

'Time to bounce.'