Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 831 - Heavy Disadvantage!

'Is he boasting?' Red Mercy knitted his eyebrows, 'He has already shown everything he has in those previous fights. Is he hiding more?'

In everyone's eyes, Felix must have truly exhausted every possible combination of his void abilities to defeat dragons.

Ambush from within an explosion by relying on void rifts? Check.

Teleporting with void domain by using crescent battleaxe? Check.

Long-range void beams from either real-world or void realm? Check.

All of those strategies were now being accounted for, making it impossible for Red Mercy and the other two to fall under them.

As for poison and lightning? They weren't too worried about them.

'He must be boasting.' Red Mercy shook his head and focused on the map wheel before them.

In a few moments, Micheal stopped it and read what was picked out loud, "Semi-ruined planet by the void invasion! Will you look at that."

Everyone gave Felix a weird look, making his eyelids twitch in vexation.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

He knew that as long as he was associated with void realm and void creatures, he would always get seen weirdly every time the void invasion was brought up.

After all, he was the only one in the entire universe capable of saving planets from the void invasion.

Yet, he was here instead of being the hero that everyone needed.

'Hero my ass. I have no time to be the universe cleaner.'

Disinterested, Felix ignored everyone's looks and focused on the map, wanting to see if he could use the environment to his advantage.

'Hmm, nothing much can be used.'

Soon, he gave up on this thought.

The land was black like it was razed to the ground by several fires' breakout over the years.

Not a single tree or a drop of water was in sight...Just this cracked shriveled land under a gloomy gray clouds, making it resemble the land of the dead.

There were many vast chasms that were staring directly at the abyss, making Felix understand that the earth was far too fragile.

'Will this be a problem to you?' Felix inquired.

'Major problem.' Rotspawn replied with a stern tone.

'It will be bad for us.' Webor clarified, 'We're already going to struggle against dragons destructive abilities. Now, we have to do so with dead weakened dirt.'

'Indeed, everything we build using it will be destroyed almost immediately.' Rotspawn said.

'What's worse, we will suffer in the underground too.' Webor added, 'Dragons infrared vision can reach to tens of kilometers, making it hard for us to truly hide from their deduction when we burrow deeply.'

'Usually, we aren't really concerned about being seen by them.' Rotspawn continued for him, 'We know that the earth crust will be able to toughen through even their strongest abilities, making it impossible for them to hit us.'

'But now?' Webor shook his head without saying any further.

'I see.'

Felix knew that the earth was going to pose some difficulties to his teammates, but he didn't expect it to be this bad.

Heavenly turtles' source of strength was the surrounding earth.

If it were crap, they would be forced to start relying on their elemental energy to create earth-based abilities.

This would exhaust their energy but at least it was a valid solution to counter the bad environment.

However, the same couldn't be applied to their underground travels, one of their strongest traits.

If the crust couldn't protect them from the dragons' nukes, then they would need to either dig deep to avoid dragons' detection or simply remain on the surface. After all, they were unable to see anything while underground.

If dragons launched their flame orbs above them, they would have no idea about it until it exploded.

Although their shells were able to resist the explosion, the same couldn't be applied to their limbs and head.

If they didn't pull them in time, they would end up crippled in the same manner as Red Mercy when he got caught in his own explosion.

'Just stick to your roles in our original plan.' Felix appeased them, 'We will be fine.'

'I hope so.'

'I still have doubts about it.' Webor complained, 'It looks too dangerous for you.'

'I have already told you that I will be fine.' Felix smiled, 'I have many ways to escape to safety.'

'Sigh, as you wish.'

The moment their discussion was concluded, Micheal teleported both teams to their battlefield.

Immediately after Felix touched the ground, his feet sunk a bit, like he was stepping on sand.

"I see what you were talking about now." Felix frowned as he picked a handful of dirt. With a bit of pressure from his fingers and the dirt got turned into fine dust.

"It looks like Aspidochelone's team have been placed in a disadvantage at the very start." Micheal commentated as he watched Webor and Rotspawn's clear dissatisfaction with the earth.

"Doesn't that mean the heavenly dragons will be utterly useless in this fight?"

"Don't tell me this will be just Landlord against three dragons?"

"He will get slaughtered!"

The viewers hard agreed with his conclusion and began contemplating on ways for the heavenly turtles to be more useful in this fight.

They knew that Felix had the necessary power to kill dragons, but he would need support against three of them...Especially, when his trump cards were fully exposed now.

"Don't mind it too much." Felix dusted his hands and jumped above Webor's head, "Let's begin our dragon hunt."

Upon hearing so, Webor retracted his head and began digging through the ground in a jiffy. Because it was as soft as a tofu, it kept collapsing on his back.

Webor ignored this and continued digging underground until he crossed past ten kilometers. Only then did the ground started to get a bit tougher.

'Should we get even lower?' Rotspawn asked.

'Maybe a few more kilometers, just to be certain.' Felix said.

'Okay.'

Webor and Rotspawn continued digging deeper and deeper until they crossed the targeted depth. Then, they began burrowing in a straight line, heading north.

Felix believed that this depth was enough to help them avoid detection from the dragons. After all, they would not be searching for them while walking on the ground.

As expected, Red Mercy and the other two were picked up by the camera, flying a few kilometers above ground in a triangle formation.

Just like Felix was relying on the ground for cover, they were flying above the gloomy clouds while scanning beneath them.

'Anything yet?'

'No.'

'Don't forget to keep an eye out around you.' Nethercutter warned while looking at Red Mercy specifically, 'We can expect to be attacked by Landlord at any given moment.'

'I know.' Red Mercy frowned, but he didn't say anything else.

He didn't like being patronized like this, but he could only swallow his disgruntlement and listen to Nethercutter's orders.

Cherufe had made sure to visit them in the past two days to get their internal issues settled. Lord Osiris was right in his prediction.

There was no way Cherufe would risk losing an entire pool of rewards when there were three more primogenitors betting on his team.

If it was just him losing, he wouldn't care that much...But, he didn't want his peers to lose out due to his team's internal issues and not because of their opponents simply being better.

Now, Red Mercy could only oblige to every order if he wanted to avoid experiencing Cherufe's wrath.

Sometime later, the viewers held their breaths in anticipation as they watched the two teams getting close to each other.

The map was vast alright, but it was easy to locate the other team if you knew where they would be heading.

In this case, Felix understood that the dragons would head straight to the center of the map before the other areas.

'We are near the center, I will be going all out with my vision.' Felix informed his teammates while pushing his infrared vision to the limit.

His mental energy was being consumed rapidly, but his vision's range continued to increase as well.

Ten kilometers...Twenty kilometers...Thirty kilometers!

The instant his vision crossed past thirty kilometers, three giant bright red auras emerged in his line of sight.

'Got them.' Felix shared with his teammates while shutting his eyes instantly.

There was no point in wasting his mental energy even further after locating them.

'Shall we begin now?' Webor said nervously.

'As planned, I will come out first.' Felix informed, 'You guys can resurface and kick off our strategy after a few seconds.'

'Understood.' Rotspawn nodded.

Without further ado, Felix jumped into the void realm without his symbiote suit, not caring that his little junior would get highlighted too in public.

His shame had died a while ago after his clothes kept getting ruined within the void realm.

"Finally, some action!" Micheal shouted excitedly, "What is Landlord planning on doing?"

The viewers had the same question as they observed Felix teleporting a few kilometers in front of the dragons, intercepting their path.

When they were dangerously close to him, Felix opened a void rift and fired a thin pencil-like void beam at Nethercutter!

Alas, the space fluctuation of the void rift had alerted the dragons, making them prepared for anything thrown at them.

This resulted in Nethercutter evading the void beam effortlessly.

"And it failed." Micheal shook his head, "It's hard to ambush them when they are being extremely vigilant against Landlord's void abilities."