Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 835 - Speculating On The Next Bloodline.

'If we agreed, this will make us look bad.' Red Mercy frowned, not liking the situation one bit. Yet, he still understood that the offer was going to benefit them more than Felix.

'We have to agree.' Summerspirit said, 'He already demonstrated that he can negate our flame orbs completely. We will be just wasting our elemental energy firing them inside the void realm.'

'On the other hand, he won't be using his offensive void abilities.' Summerspirit added, 'I will rather fight him while using his battleaxe than deal with his void domain or beams.'

'I know...But, it will leave a bad taste in my mouth.' Red Mercy replied with a displeased expression, 'We are dragons, we can't be accepting offers like those. Our reputation will be damaged.'

'Don't forget that we are dealing with the dragonslayer.' Summerspirit criticized, 'Don't compare him with the others. He is considered as our peer the moment he earned the title, so it's not shameful at all to accept his deal.'

'Indeed.' Red Mercy regained some clarity at last and supported Summerspirit's intake on the matter.

Felix was already on his third dragon kill.

This number was hard to achieve even for dragons since they were immune to each other's flames.

'So?' Felix asked again, 'How would you like to continue this battle?'

'We agree to your proposal.' Summerspirit answered telepathically for the both of them.

'Do you want it in written form?' Felix inquired if they desired a contract to make sure no foul play would occur.

'We trust that the dragonslayer will not break his word.' Red Mercy replied.

'Likewise.' Felix smiled faintly.

He understood that the dragons could not break their words unless they were ready to give up on their pride as dragons.

We know that was a mere wishful thinking.

Meanwhile, even though Felix was a human, the dragons trusted that he wouldn't use offensive void abilities.

Not because they knew about his character or such. But simply, they knew that Felix would be losing his reputation and respect as the dragonslayer the moment he broke his word against them.

Losing the title meant that he would be banned from entering Icarius galaxy and enjoying the rest of the benefits.

The moment the deal was settled, Red Mercy and Summerspirit turned around and flew into the distance.

Felix wasn't surprised...He knew that they were trying to regroup their thoughts and come up with a strategy to deal with his poison and battleaxe.

'You have yet to see everything from my baby.' Felix smirked faintly as he placed his battleaxe on top of his shoulder.

He had yet to even use his two remaining active futharks.

He knew that everyone was ignorant about their effect since Micheal hadn't introduced all futharks during his demonstration.

"It looks like the battle will commence after a short break from both sides." Micheal wiped his sweaty forehead as he thought, 'Thank god for that, so many things happened so fast, I couldn't even commentate for shit.'

Without further ado, Micheal replayed the battle and started giving off his own analysis on each interesting move made by Felix or the dragons.

Although he went into detail about many things, he still hadn't found out the true reason why Felix decided to give up on his void abilities and wing it with his poison, lightning, and battleaxe akin to a warrior.

The fact that he was still pushing on doing so even to the point he made a deal with dragons made it even more confusing.

If it was to prove that he could slay dragons without his void abilities, he already achieved it when he took down Nethercutter.

In the end, he settled with the second most obvious conclusion.

"Landlord intends to replace his bloodline soon, and he wanted to test himself for real against dragons." Micheal deducted, "Human's bloodline system is wonderful alright, but they always need to keep replacing their bloodlines if they wanted to reach the peak in their own system."

"Though, Landlord's system differs immensely from the rest since he is using ancestral bloodlines."

When the viewers heard so, they couldn't help but show an envious expression.

ɪꜰ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡᴀɴᴛ ᴛᴏ ʀᴇᴀᴅ ᴍᴏ ʀᴇ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs, ᴘʟᴇᴀsᴇ ᴠɪsɪᴛ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ ᴛᴏ ᴇxᴘᴇʀɪᴇɴᴄᴇ ꜰᴀsᴛᴇʀ ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ sᴘᴇᴇᴅ.

As champions, they either were told about Felix's bloodlines true origin by the ancestors or figured out on their own.

It wasn't that hard when Felix used the bloodlines of his own masters that he represent in the games.

Although they knew the truth, they could not expose it in the open since it was related to the primogenitors.

They were banned from mentioning anything related to the primogenitors, games, champions, or such to the public.

They would rather not risk pissing off their own ancestors when they would gain absolutely nothing from exposing Felix in the network.

In all honestly, Felix didn't even give a shit anymore if he was exposed or not. He was already at the top of his own galaxy to bother about opinions from other humans.

The only reason he was still keeping the facade was because it was a hundred times easier to use his organization as shield than explain his secrets.

"I wonder what bloodline you guys intend to get him next." Siren titled her head in intrigue, "Is he going to use a favor in this game to request a bloodline from one of us?"

"Who knows?" Thor coughed sheepishly, not wanting to expose Felix's target in this event.

"I request that everyone reject his favor if it was related to our bloodlines." Saurous criticized, "It is preposterous to even use a favor from this event to request our bloodlines."

"Indeed, if it is simply a few abilities that he will inherit, I don't care." Wendigo supported, "But, he will also inherit our strongest and best ability...We all know how much pain and struggle we had to go through for us to create them."

"Don't get me wrong, I like the kid." Erebus soon shook his head, "But, there is no way I am giving him my bloodline when he can inherit my shadow realm creation ability. I spent more than half a billion of years to finalize it. I am not ready to hand it down on a silver plate because he won a fight."

"Likewise." Cherufe snorted in annoyance, "I am still displeased that he managed to get his hands on Lord Khaos' void domain without needing to even lift a finger."

"True, I don't know what deal you made to convince Lord Khaos into handing his own bloodline, but a favor from this event won't cut it." Lord Quetzalcoatl added his own verdict too.

"I am willing to give him my bloodline if he promised not to etch my peak ability permanently." Kumiho proposed with a charming smile, "I am quite fond of that cutie to offer this much."

The rest of the primogenitors agreed with her proposal and added their own interest to accept such a favor from Felix.

As long as he didn't get their strongest ability permanently, they wouldn't mind sharing their bloodline with him.

No one could really blame them for acting like this.

They weren't Felix's masters or close friends to entertain the thought of sharing with him their most precious ability.

Jörmungandr was already dead, making him unbothered by Felix inheriting his ability.

Lady Sphinx was pissed when she learned that Felix had unlocked her Truth Eyes.

She only allowed him to keep it permanently after she was satisfied with him and considered him as her student.

They were lucky that Lord Khaos cared about Nimo and the Paragon of Sins too much to bother about Felix inheriting his void domain.

In other words, unless Felix and his masters could offer something of equivalent value to those primogenitors, they could forget about getting their bloodlines.

"Are you guys done?" Lady Sphinx eyed them calmly and said, "We are not interested in your bloodlines whatsoever. So, just put it to rest and watch the game."ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"We will see about that." Saurous snickered and stopped mentioning this subject again.

If Felix had heard their discussion, he would have been laughing his ass off.

There was no way he was going to use bloodline of another alive primogenitor unless it was truly, truly worth it.

He knew that he could not give up on another perfect elemental manipulation since it would affect his growth terribly.

He already made up his mind to use one of the dead primogenitors' bloodlines...Especially, from the ones closest to his masters to be certain that he would get their elemental manipulation.

Right now, his mind was void of such unnecessary thoughts.

He was focusing on locating Red Mercy and Summerspirit while within the void realm to be always one step ahead of them.

While he was searching for them, Red Mercy and Summerspirit were flying close to the edge of the troposphere while in a heated discussion.

'Now that we are certain about offensive void abilities being out of the picture, we don't need to place too much focus on them.' Red Mercy informed.