Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 86:Participating with Anonymous Identity

After leaving the restaurant, Felix rode his car and drove back home in irritation over wasting his time with a lost cause.

Prove himself? He scoffed as he drove speedily in the main road, heading towards his house. She honestly thought that she was worthy of having him a primogenitor bloodline user, bow his head to her brother to get his approval for her hand?

He laughed in ridicule at her farfetched fantasy. In his eyes, the only one worthy enough for him to try that hard was a girl that had Asna's beauty and not her shitty personality, as for other females? forget it.

They wouldn't even be able to catch up to him, even if he slowed his bloodline advancement. The moment he chose this path, his destiny to find a human woman compatible with him was already doomed.

His love interest got limited to only a few races that were worthy of being by his side in his long journey. As for others? To put it heartlessly, they were merely burdens.

This was why Felix only searched for a nightstand to ease his desire, but never a full commitment. Plus Felix had literally billions of secrets to hide, so how was he supposed to do so while being in a relationship? He honestly didn't want to lie every day to his woman. Such a toxic relationship he wanted none of.

'Might as well hunt in clubs or bars and stop bothering with those princess' mentality types.' He thought to himself while parking his car in the garage.

A few minutes later, Felix sat in the living room with his leg above the other while clicking on a holographic screen in front of him with a serious expression.

After a while, he finished and called for the queen. "I am done filling in the information form, you can apply for my participation now."

"Sir Felix, are you certain that you want to apply using an anonymous persona?" She asked.

"Yes please, I want all of my private information to be blocked from everyone." He nodded his head and said, "Also, add that I won't accept interviews during the games."

"As you wish, sir Felix."

A few seconds later, she informed him that his application had been successfully approved by the SGA.

"I suggest for you to reread the rules sir if you planned to join the games now." She advised with good intentions.

"Thank you queen, But I am already familiar with them, so there is no need." He smiled.

"Alright Sir, good luck on the games." FiNd ð’–pdð’‚tes on n(ð’)/vð’†lð’ƒð’Šn(.)cð’m

Felix nodded his head and opened his profile interface. He kept scrolling down the basic info until he stopped at a >New GameStartCongratulation on picking vehicle formatHover Cars Death RaceCurrent Gamemix button<.

A moment later, a random combination of the three colors dyed the standard car, turning it into a badass looking serpent with its frontal jaw wide-open ready to devour anything.

Satisfied with this version, Felix didn't continue mixing the colors anymore, he just pressed save and closed the interface while yawning with a hand covering his mouth.

After getting everything done, he immediately went to sleep.

Tomorrow was a big day for him. He would test drive this car in his training room using a Solaria Planet based environment to practice thoroughly.

After all, That's what those 5 days of preparation were for.