Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 977 A Threeway Final Battle l

For the next two hours, Felix had been doing nothing but waste prince Arentis and Cursur's elemental energy.

He did so by approaching them rapidly before retreating as fast as he came the moment they activate their projectiles.

He kept repeating such a simple and obvious strategy, but prince Arentis could only fall for it every time.

After all, the only other alternative was engaging in combat with Felix.

'Just let me have him.' Cursur assured, 'I am confident that I can buy you at least ten hours by fighting him.'RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Although Cursur had seen his teammates' horrible ending against Felix, he wasn't too terrified of him.

He knew that as long as he wasn't rash and focused more on his defense, Felix wouldn't be able to kill him as easily as his teammates.

'It's too early.' Prince Arentis rejected his proposal, 'Don't forget we still have the entire black team on our tail. I can't deal with them alone.'

In prince Arentis' eyes, Felix was harmless if they never stopped to confront him. So, there was no point in wasting too much of their resources on him.

As for their elemental energy? They were constantly recovering it by absorbing peak-grade fire energy stones.

They might not be recovering everything, but he was confident that their energy pool could buy them thirty hours at minimum.

After two more hours went by, Felix started to realize that he was pouring water into the sand.

'I need to think of something else.' He knitted his eyebrows.

Felix started squeezing his brain to find out a method to force them into confronting him.

Soon, he figured out that he could go past them and try to crash into them by using his Railgun rings.

Alas, the moment he started his plan, prince Arentis and Cursur changed their direction...This killed off his new strategy instantly.

'I need help.'

In the end, Felix accepted the fact that he wasn't going to pull this off on his own. After spending a few moments contemplating, he figured out the only solution to this dilemma.

'How far is prince Domino?' Felix asked princess Anastasia.

'A thousand kilometers away or so.'

'Good.'

Felix swiftly kicked off his plan by launching gemstone projectiles at those two, forcing them to evade them.

At the same time, he was pushing closer, making them retaliate with their projectiles. Felix dodged them easily as always without stopping his constant assault.

Although prince Arentis and Cursur weren't getting hit by them, they were still showing irritated expressions.

'He is slowing us down.' Cursur said.

'I know.' Prince Arentis replied while narrowing his eyes at Felix.

He didn't know what he was planning with his useless attacks, but he knew for certain that the black team was benefiting from this.

He was just informed by his father that prince Domino was closing the gap much faster than anticipated.

Now that their speed was taken a hit, he recognized that it would be impossible to not get caught by prince Domino before the ceremony ends.

As he expected, prince Domino took merely thirty minutes to finally appear in their line of view.

The instant prince Domino reached them, he didn't bother to say a single word.

Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh!!

He manifested thousands of flaming black weapons before launching them at prince Arentis primarily!

Unlike Felix's projectiles, he was capable of controlling them manually from a distance, forcing prince Arentis to go an extra mile in evading and blocking them!

This naturally slowed down his speed significantly, making Felix and prince Domino penetrate his external manipulation without suffering from his counter-attack!

'As expected, he got it done right away.' Felix smiled wryly after his scheme came to fruition.

He wasn't happy one bit that he needed to rely on his opponent to save his ass. Alas, drastic times required drastic measures.

'It's your turn! Buy me time!'

Meanwhile, Prince Arentis ordered Cursur swiftly after he realized that he would be forced to a halt under a few more attacks by prince Domino!

'I will try my best...' Cursur gulped a mouthful at the notion of trying to hold down those two monsters before him.

Sadly, he couldn't disobey the captain's orders.

"Take this!" Cursur manifested a quick flame orb within his throat before releasing it behind him.

The instant it was about to exit his external range, he blew it up manually in mid-air.

Felix and prince Domino noticed the flame orb before it exploded, allowing them to exit the blast zone in one piece.

However, this caused them to get pushed away, helping prince Arentis put some distance between them.

'Good shit! Keep spamming them!' Prince Arentis praised after spotting the stellar results.

Having nothing to lose, Cursur did as he was told and continued pressuring Felix and prince Domino with his flame orbs.

Because he prioritized quickness and quantity over quality, he was capable of firing them akin to a machine gun!

This made it close to impossible to stay behind prince Arentis' tail.

"I doubt he can last for more than an hour going like this." Clan head Ygos commentated, not too worried about such a strategy.

"True." Clan head Kyrsun agreed.

Weak or strong flame orbs...All of them require a hefty sum of flames to be manifested.

With Cursur's three flame orbs per thirty seconds pace, he would be out much sooner than anyone anticipate.

Felix and prince Domino had figured this out as well, making them force Cursur to never stop releasing the flame orbs unless he wanted to get killed.

'Captain! You need to get out of here the moment I am close to running out.' Cursur yelled.

'I am already prepared.' Prince Arentis replied with a focused deadly stare.

He considered it as a win if Cursur managed to delay his inevitable fight with those two by another hour.

Honestly, he truly hoped that one of them would attempt to get rid of Cursur when he exhaust his energy.

It was a villainous thought, but he wasn't bothered by it at this moment. The only thing in his eyes was the ancestral wine jar.

As expected, Cursur had stopped creating flame orbs after fifty minutes of nonstop thunderous explosions.

Now, he resembled a beaten starving dog, who was unable to even stay on a flight properly.

'It's time.'

The instant prince Arentis noticed this, he set his wings, arms, legs, and even his tail in concentrated green flames, making them resemble jet launchers.

Whooshh!!!

Before Felix and prince Domino could react, he took off into the horizon at an unprecedented speed, reaching at least 17 Mach!

"What a waste of effort." Prince Domino sneered and used the same technique, enhancing his speed even better than prince Arentis!

"He is actually daring to rely on speed after he saw mine?" Felix chuckled as he manifested only thirteen rings this time.

The instant he went through them, he left prince Domino to eat his dust and reached prince Arentis in a split second!

It didn't take long before prince Domino appeared on the other side of prince Arentis, putting him in the middle!

'Clingy bastards!' Prince Arentis cursed hatefully as he glanced sideways at them.

"Don't make it hard for yourself and just hand over the ancestral wine jar." Prince Domino said calmly, "You already did well enough for your level."

"F*ck you! I would rather throw the ancestral wine jar than hand it over!" Prince Arentis threatened.

'Then do it." Felix smirked faintly, confident that he would be able to catch it first.

'Damn it!' Prince Arentis understood that if Felix ever caught the ancestral wine jar, it would be a game over for them.

There wasn't much time left before the end of the ceremony and he was too tired to chase after Felix.

"How about this? Let's have a fair contest over the ancestral wine jar. A threeway battle and the last survivor will keep the ancestral wine jar." Prince Arentis suggested before they rain down on him with abilities.

Prince Arentis knew that this was his best bet to secure the wine jar since he was all alone compared to those two.

The fact that they were both faster than him made it impossible to consider keeping hold of the ancestral wine jar until the last moment.

"Not interested."

"Likewise."

Alas, neither Felix nor prince Domino bothered to consider his suggestion.

They would rather not limit themselves to such rules when they could easily fight off right now for the ancestral wine jar.

"Motherf*ckers, then fight for it!" Prince Arentis cursed as he hurled the ancestral wine jar as hard as he could underneath him!

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Almost at the same time, Felix and prince Domino switched their direction to the ground and flew after the ancestral wine jar!

Because Felix couldn't manifest the Railgun rings while on the flight, prince Domino had an edge over him.

Still, Felix remained in the race due to adapting and utilizing a single Railgun ring in intervals to boost his speed instead of creating them all at once!

'I will get it!'

'It's mine!'

Both Felix and prince Domino had their eyes reflecting nothing but the ancestral wine jar and the mountains below them, not paying attention to prince Arentis.

This was going to cost them heavily...

'You asked for this.'

Prince Arentis eyed them coldly as he opened his mouth widely, showcasing a giant dark green flame orb getting compressed over and over again!

It was so sinister that the viewers felt chills course on their spine at the thought of the aftermath of such a deadly flame orb.

Prince Arentis finally had enough and decided to ignore the dimensional pocket integrity!