Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 994 The Land of Natural Treasures!

"It's quite dangerous and depends heavily on luck, but it's possible." Lady Sphinx informed, "I did many experiments, where I make your copy integrate with the Kraken's bloodline from 15% to 30%."

"The results as such..."

Lady Sphinx manifested an Excel sheet that had different percentages in one side and the success percentage on the other.

After reading the sheet, Felix couldn't help but take a deep cold breath in fear.

Who could blame him?

It was written that the success rate from 10% to 15% was 0%.

From 15% to 20% was 1%/2%/3%/4%/5%.

Only after crossing 20% were the chances increased significantly as they had reached 20%+.

"If you want the highest chance with the biggest possibility of survivability, I suggest 25%." Lady Sphinx shared.

"Absolutely not!" Asna shook her head vehemently, "He barely survived 15% in the previous replacement. Now, he needs to jump straight to 25%? His corpse wouldn't even be found!"

"I agree." Thor frowned, "25% is just too high."

"It's too much of a risk." Jörmungandr nodded.

"That's why I advised Felix to reconsider choosing the other two options." Lady Sphinx said, "I know it's tempting to obtain all perks, but they won't be useful if you are dead."

It seemed like everyone was against attempting this suicide mission.

'If I succeeded, I will have 30% chance of getting the mutation. Those odds aren't so b..'

Boink!

"No is no!!" Asna scolded as she hit Felix in the head with her knuckles after hearing his thoughts.

She was always supportive of his decisions, but this was different.

She was certain that Felix wouldn't make it out alive if he made such a drastic jump in the integrated percentage.

Felix decided to ease her worries, "I am not that cocky in my pain tolerance to pull something this crazy...But, I also have enough time in the world to boost my body limitations and train in the UVR to prepare for it."

In Felix's mind, he could practice the integration in the UVR by increasing it gradually from 15% to 25%.

While he was doing so, he would increase his body limitations, which in turn would help out his pain tolerance significantly.

After all, his strength determined what kind of percentage he could pull off...If it wasn't for so, he would have never gone beyond 1%.

"Well, he is somewhat right." Carbuncle supported Felix casually, "If he can't pull it off in the UVR, he can give up on it and choose the second method."

"Are you sure about this?" Asna asked with a concerned tone.

It might seem like no harm was done but Asna understood that Felix would go through an agonizing pain each time he trained.

"I have to take my chances." Felix smiled gently, "Such extraordinary opportunities aren't around the corner. If I went for the second-best option every time it gets tough, how am I supposed to reach the top and protect you?"

Felix recognized that the gap between him and those beings was simply a chasm that stretched for galaxies.

He doubted if he could even bridge it while taking advantage of every opportunity before him...But if he missed them, he was certain that it wasn't happening.

"You idiot...I just want you to be safe." Asna sighed bitterly.

"And I want you to be free." Felix replied with a faint chuckle, "My promise proceed yours, so you have no say in it."

Upon hearing so, Asna's expression turned soft and stopped bothering him with this matter.

"If you are truly attempting to go for it, I advise you to reach at least the tenth mark before exiting the dimensional pocket." Lady Sphinx said.

"The tenth mark?" Felix raised his eyebrows, "I am still a bit far from the seventh mark while I have spent more than six years in a coma. How long will that take?"

"I have already calculated it in mind." Lady Sphinx replied instantly, "It's between two decades and three decades."

"No wonder you mentioned the tenth mark." Thor said, "If he entered a coma now to push straight towards the tenth mark, he will be slumbering for the remaining period in the dimensional pocket."

"More or less." Lady Sphinx confirmed.

"Isn't that a bit much?" Felix eyed Asna with an uncomfortable expression, not feeling too good about leaving Asna on her own for such a long period.

Sleeping for an entire two decades or more was certainly something that didn't cross his mind at this point.

But, he also understood that Lady Sphinx had some sense in her advice.

There were a few available options to increase his physical strength without requiring integration. Felix knew that he could take advantage of the life essence fountain, but it wasn't enough. That's because the fountain enhances his strength in all departments.

At the moment, he required only physical enhancement to pull off the integration with the Kraken Bloodline.

"Don't worry about me." Asna smiled charmingly, "It's easy for me to enter a long slumber as well."

Upon hearing so, Felix stopped hesitating at once...If Asna was cool with it, there was no need to dilly-dally any longer.

As for the primogenitors? They wouldn't be bothered even if Felix slept for an entire century...Decades were like minutes for such beings.

In the case of Nimo? He had Mistress Candace to spend the time within the dimensional pocket as she had returned after delivering the items.

"I wanted to teach you more about lightning, but this is for the better." Thor smiled, "You have already spent enough time learning about three elements. You need a break to digest everything you have been thought."

"Agreed." Jörmungandr nodded.

Felix had almost removed most of his elemental weaknesses during the past seventy-five years.

Now, he just needed to continue expanding his external range and spend time on his advanced abilities.

"Though, I doubt I have enough natural treasures to hit the tenth mark." Felix shared as he checked his natural treasures inventory.

There were still a few hundreds B and A graded natural treasures, but he knew that they were barely enough to reach half the seventh mark.

After each mark, the natural treasures' requirement double.

In other words, if he was required three hundred B graded to hit sixth mark, he needed six hundred to hit the seventh, and one thousand and two hundred to hit the eight.

As for the tenth mark? He would be short of four thousand and eight hundred B graded natural treasures.

It was insanity just to think about the future required amount to reach the thirtieth mark.

Naturally, with the quality increasing, the amount required get lowered significantly.

"Have you forgotten about your location?" Ancestor Imyr chuckled, "This is the land of natural treasures, and I know a couple of spots where you can harvest even S graded natural treasures."

Felix's eyes brightened up at the sound of that...With ancestor Imyr's help, he could easily clean the entire dimensional pocket of its best natural treasures in less than a week!𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"I am under your care." Felix bowed his head respectfully.

"Try to keep up."

Ancestor Imyr exited the consciousness space and started teleporting to east...Felix followed him closely.

In less than thirty seconds, they reached a small field of white flowers that was hidden inside a pocket within a mountain.

Ancestor Imyr had to open an entrance forcefully as there wasn't any to access the field.

"Pure Azollas!" Felix exclaimed in excitement after realizing the flowers' identity...Although they were B graded, there was an entire field of them!

With the first glance, anyone would guess that there were hundreds planted here!

"Harvest them quick, we have more stops to hit." Ancestor Imyr said while sitting on Felix's shoulder.

"Good thing I have an army." Felix smirked while summoning tens of small pink golems.

He didn't even use his gemstone golems ability as he had already reached a high level of gemstone manipulation to create them with any size he wanted.

Felix bestowed intelligence on them with the Root Gemstone and ordered, "Harvest the flowers as gently as possible."

The army of cute pink smurfs nodded in understanding and started working hard.

"Leave them here and follow me." Ancestor Imyr disclosed, "I have another nearby spot less than a kilometer away."

Without hesitation, Felix chased after him, knowing that his little golems wouldn't disappear unless he went past one kilometer in range.

With the Root Gemstone, he could feel their presence and even see through their eyes whenever he wanted!

...

In less than a week, Felix had cleaned out the entire dimensional pocket of S/A/B graded natural treasures.

It was effortless when he was being guided by the god of the dimensional pocket.

"I have more than two thousands B graded, five hundred A graded, and fifty S graded natural treasures." Felix grinned widely as he stared at his packed inventory, "This is enough to go past the tenth mark!"