Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 995 Origin Realm is The Only Way Forward

Now that he had enough, Felix prepared for the inedible feast...He knew that it would be difficult to eat everything without tiring himself out or his stomach not able to handle it.

"I have to turn everything into one big smoothie and drink it in my giant form." Felix felt disgusted just by the thought.

Too bad, it was the only way forward.

Felix got to work by manifesting a towering mortar made out of white adamantine. Then, he jumped on top of it and sat at the edge.

"Be fast to not waste their beneficial properties." Lady Sphinx warned.

"I will try." Felix nodded and started beaming large containers.

Because he didn't have enough to hold a single natural treasure in one container, he packed a dozen in each one.

In a swift manner, Felix kept emptying the containers inside the crystal glass like he was dumping garbage.

The natural treasure continued to stack against each other until the crystal mortar was half full. Then, he poured some clean water to facilitate the mixture process.

Next, Felix created a giant white pestle and enlarged his body until he was able to hold it easily in one hand.

Felix started grinding the natural treasures together while sitting in a mediation position with the mortar in his lap.

He kept doing so for more than two minutes until the natural treasures and water were turned into a gooey black substance.

"He must have lost at least 10% of the beneficial properties." Thor commentated as he eyed the revolting mixture.

"That's a manageable percentage." Lady Sphinx replied, knowing that it was impossible to not lose anything after brutalizing those natural treasures.

After Felix was done, he scrapped the bottom of the pestle and pushed the leftovers back to the mortar.

Then, he picked up the mortar with his eyes and nose closed shut.

'Here we go.'

Without dillydallying, Felix placed the mortar near his mouth and started gulping down the black smoothie nonstop.

It didn't take long before his expression started twisting like he was drinking the most horrible and disgusting concoction to the known universe.

Still, Felix toughened through the nausea and emptied the entire mortal in his stomach...Knowing that every drop count forced Felix to lick the bowl clean even when tears were about to fall down.

'Never again...'

Thuuud!!!

Immediately after he finished, his eyes rolled to the back of his head and fell face first to the ground.

The mortar and pestle disappeared after Felix began his slumber, but his giant size remained the same.

"Good thing he learned to automate his poison conversion technique." Jörmungandr smiled.

In the past seventy-five years, Felix had paid a visit to his poison conversion technique to hone it even better.

After all, just because the inscriptions had approved of him, it didn't mean that he had completely mastered the conversion technique.

Making his subconscious absorb the neutral energy and convert it into poison energy was one of them.

Naturally, it wasn't going to be as good as doing it consciously, but it was enough to sustain his giant size until his stomach manages to digest everything into energy.

"Imyr, if you will." Lady Sphinx requested.

"Be at ease, I will take care of him."

Ancestor Imyr used his powers to create a cocoon around Felix made out of vines and leaves. Then, he pushed the clouds to give Felix some shade.

The vines were moist and kept Felix's skin wet...This was enough to support Felix's water intake for the next two decades since his body was capable of absorbing it effectively through the pores.

"You're already planning to sleep?" Thor raised an eyebrow in surprise after seeing Asna, heading back to her mansion.

"Yep, wake me up when he opens his eyes." Asna expressed calmly.

"Have good dreams." Jörmungandr smiled kindly.

There was no way Asna was going to spend another day while Felix was absent...Especially, when she had just waited for three years, and he ended up slumbering again after a week.

Since he was stubborn on seeking strength, she could only adapt to his schedule.

"Now that the kids are asleep, what should we do?" Thor wondered.

"Don't bother me, I want to read in peace." Lady Sphinx snapped her finger and teleported back to her pyramid.

Carbuncle was chilling on his own as always, not giving a damn about anything as long as he had his joints.

This left the Asgardian faction and mistress Candace.

"How about you show us your student's progress." Thor requested from Fenrir, wanting to ease his boredom with anything.

"I am interested as well." Jörmungandr said.

Having nothing to lose, Fenrir manifested a mirror that displayed his main consciousness perspective.

"Oho? You morphed him? I guessed you will go for it." Thor expressed after seeing Noah's new appearence.

He now resembled a Winterwolf and Werewolf combined more than a human!

He was three meters tall and had half of his skin completely covered in snow-white fur...He had long dark sharp claws protruding from his nails and dreadful blue wolfish eyes.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

At the moment, he could be seen fighting against a gigantic blue troll with an icy cudgel.

"I had to, there aren't many options to help him increase his strength." Fenrir admitted.

"Still, getting turned by you personally must have given him a massive boost." Thor said.

He knew that werewolves and winterwolves with pure bloodline were capable of turning some races into half-werewolves.

Though, the list of races and werewolves capable of doing so were extremely short...Humans being one of the most adaptive races in the universe were naturally part of the list.

The pure vampires were capable of achieving the same if they allowed another race to drink their blood while they were drinking theirs.

Naturally, such a genetic modification was quite risky...Especially for people with an already modified genes.

Fortunately for Noah, he was turned by the ancestor of wolves himself, which removed any kind of risk to the transformation.

At the moment, Noah could be counted to be a half-werewolf but possess much purer bloodline than the werewolves and winterwolves.

"I wonder if Felix can benefit from the strength enhancement if he got turned as well." Mistress Candace thought out loud.

"We haven't brought this up before because we didn't want him to be turned." Thor shook his head, "Sure the strength enhancement is astonishing, but he is already half-devourer. We should not mess with his genetics too much unless the results are just too good to be ignored."

Being turned into a half-werewolf might be decent for others, but in the case of Felix? He needed just the best of the best.

"Looks like you have done more than just turn him." Thor commentated after witnessing Noah decapitate the troll in one slash.

Ice Trolls were known to possess strength reaching 40K BF at minimum when they hit adulthood.

If their intelligence wasn't too lacking, they would have been considered to be ranked even higher than orcs and giants.

For Noah to slice the troll's head in a single motion implied that he must have posses at least 50K BF!

"That's only natural." Fenrir confirmed it.

To have an alive and active primogenitor behind your back wasn't the same as having them as merely wisps of consciousness.

Noah had an advantage over Felix for this as Fenrir could take him around the universe to areas, where he knew that there would an abundance of opportunities.

Although Lady Sphinx was also alive, she didn't care too much about Felix's strength compared to his other two masters.

"I can already see that he will be hitting his limitation soon." Jörmungandr inquired, "What's your future plans for him?"

Fenrir remained quiet for a second before answering, "I will find a way for him to enter the origin realm...I don't know why, but I have a feeling that humans' limitations gets broken after they cross that barrier."

"Well, Your instincts are always on point." Thor scratched his beard as he doubted, "But, I don't know about this one. If their limits gets unlocked, why all those so-called origin bloodliners stops getting stronger immediately after breaking through?"

Thor knew that humans must have tried almost everything in their powers to develop a new cultivation system or a new path forward after the origin realm.

He was completely right...Humans' ambition could never let them settle down in one place for too long.

Unfortunately, they had tried all options to no avail...They even involved the Metal Race.

No one was capable of opening a new path forward for origin bloodliners even when they were at their strongest and freest period of their lives.

"What other choice do I have?" Fenrir said composedly, "Origin Realm is the only way forward."