Chapter 997 Exiting The Dimensional Pocket

"I don't mind really." Ancestor Imyr smiled kindly, "I always sleep between cycles anyway."

"Still, it's best to avoid leaving you in such bad state." Thor looked at mistress Candace and proposed, "How about we exit through the void realm? This should save him some mental energy, and we can spend the last two years here."

This was the most optimal option since using the backdoor exhaust ancestral Imyr's mental energy based on each individual passed through it.

Since the dimensional pocket was still connected with the matter universe because of the backdoor, the void realm could be used as connection point between the two realms.

However, if it was closed? The dimensional pocket would be completely enclosed on itself without any ability to access other dimensions, void realm included!

"Let's do that." Felix agreed, "It will be impolite to waste elder's mental energy when we have other options."

Everyone was on board with this suggestion, making ancestor Imyr unable to change their minds.

...

For the next two years, Felix did nothing more than spend quality time with Asna and Nimo. Occasionally, he would train adapting to his newfound strength and search for royal gemstones.

He felt that it was better to relax and take it easy before he return to the chaos.

It was a great decision as those two years had pacified his heart and calmed his nerves that were always screaming at him to keep grinding nonstop.

In addition, he had managed to collect more than a hundred royal gemstones with the help of ancestor Imyr.

Whether he chose the second or last method, royal gemstones would be necessary to his cultivation.

Felix knew that he could have gotten even more, but he wanted to avoid cutting off the lifeline of the dragon race.

Ancestor Imyr was nothing but nice to him, and he would feel like crap if he abused his kindness.

Plus, if he cleared the entire dimensional pocket, he was bound to be accused of doing so when the next cycle kicks off and the dragons find nothing but air.

It would not be good to add the dragon race into his list of enemies.

...Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

In the last day...

"I wish you all the best of luck in your journey." Ancestor Imyr patted Felix's shoulder as he offered kindly, "Remember, you are always welcome here...I will leave a backdoor specifically for you after the future ceremonies ends to avoid dealing with my descendants."

"Thank you, elder, truly, I am forever in debt to your gifts." Felix expressed with a grateful tone while bowing deeply.

If it wasn't impossible for ancestor Imyr to leave the dimensional pocket, he would have offered him to join the party in his mind...At least, he wouldn't be so lonely and have like-minded beings to spend his time with.

Alas, becoming a god of the dimensional pocket had its downfalls...

After everyone said goodbyes to ancestor Imyr, Felix exited the consciousness space and entered the void realm with Mistress Candace and Nimo.

Felix turned around and waved his hand one last time at the ancestral wine jar that was hovering in front of the void rift.

Then, he turned around and disappeared through the darkness, leaving the void rift to close up slowly.

'I am waiting patiently for the day you reach the peak...Waiting patiently.' Ancestor Imyr mumured one last time before the void rift completely closed off.

***

A couple of hours later...

Felix had finally arrived at the white clan city...Their travel took a while since the dimensional gate wasn't near the capital planet Zhuham at all.

The dimensional gate merely acted as bridge to the pocket, which was in a complete different area of the galaxy.

Since those hours spent within the void realm were after the void rift had been closed, they counted towards the matter universe.

That's because Time within the void realm was relative to the dimension it was connected to.

In other words, if Felix opened a void rift and kept it open, the time he spends in the void realm would also be a hundred times faster.

However, if the bridge was lost, the time within the void realm would be relative to the matter universe since the realm was mirroring it.

'Candace please open a void rift and keep Nimo with you for a little while.' Felix requested.

'Alright.'

After the void rift was opened, Felix swiftly exited it and unleashed his wings.

Vrrr Vrrr!!

Immediately after, his AP bracelet went off with endless notifications popping out on his screen.

Before Felix could read them, he heard Queen Ai monotonous voice resound in his mind, 'Network connection has been restored...Welcome back Sir Felix.'

'My Queen, I have truly missed your sweet robotic voice.' Felix smiled widely in delight after finally hearing Queen AI's voice.

He had never gone this long in his two lives without hearing the reliable voice of Queen Ai.

Alas, Queen Ai didn't share the same sentiment as she jumped straight to the contracts' issue.

'Sir Felix, you have been offline for more than a year while you have active binding contracts.' She informed.

'I know.' Felix replied calmly, 'I believe that everyone in the universe knows that I have been trapped against my will inside a dimensional pocket without any connection to the network.'

'If you want to send an investigation squad to get further information, I don't mind cooperating.'

Queen Ai went quiet for a few seconds before announcing, 'Since your connection has been established and that no contract has been broken in your absence, I declare that you are free from further investigation.'

'Thank you.' Felix smiled faintly.

Felix was never worried about getting in trouble with the alliance for breaking the two hours rule since he had a legit reason that was backed by the public.

Because he had returned, and no contracts were broken, there was no need for Queen Ai to send an investigation squad to dig even further.

Queen Ai always checks first before involving the investigation squads.

After all, they were a bunch of scary hunters, who were tasked with locating the contract breakers and checking whether they did it willingly or not.

If Felix had lost connection without anyone seeing him, they would have been defintely sent in his direction.

"Looks like a lot has happened when I was gone." Felix mumured after checking on the notifications.

There were messages left by Selphie, madam Zosia, Anastasia, and even prince Domino had left one.

Just like he had received those notifications, the moment he got online, almost everyone else close to him or had a contract with him were alerted.

"He is finally out!" Clan head Kyrsun exclaimed with a shocked expression after seeing the notification pop up.

"He is actually still alive even after an entire century inside?!"

"Quickly, call him over before the other clans hears about this!"

The white clan courtroom had descendant into chaos abruptly at the news...No one doubted its legitimacy since Felix had two contracts with them.

In other words, his online status was always known to them until the contract get closed.

This was how they were certain that Felix was still stuck in the dimensional pocket instead of getting out of the backdoor and hiding somewhere else.

"No need to call for me."

Suddenly, Felix emerged from a void rift above the top rail of a chair and sat on it with a composed expression.

Everyone was too stunned by Felix's entry, they quietened down immediately.

"I apologize for being late, but I came to get what was I promised." Felix smiled.

"Hold on a second, Dragonslayer." An official narrowed his eyes at Felix and expressed, "You can't expect to get what you want after barging in like this without a single explanation on why you stayed that long in the dimensional pocket."

The rest of the officials all shared the same displeased expression.

Honestly, they weren't really mad about Felix's disrespectful entry but the troubles he had caused them due to his prolonged stay in the dimensional pocket.

Sure he had brought the white clan the victory, but they weren't able to even celebrate it or rub it in the other clans' faces because of all the attention being on him.

No one cared anymore about the winner of the ceremony when a human was stuck for more than a year/a century inside the dimensional pocket.

To make matters worse for them, the other three clans gave them crap for causing all of this by recruiting a troublesome human.

"I know that I must have caused you some issues, and I am sorry about that." Felix shrugged his shoulders, "But, it wasn't my fault...Your ancestor is a friend of my master Lady Sphinx, and he kept me inside to catch up with her."

Felix didn't hesitate to put the blame on ancestor Imyr, knowing that not a single dragon was bold enough to question their ancestor's decisions.

Felix had already received permission from ancestor Imyr to use him as a shield, knowing that Felix would be in big trouble otherwise.

After all, he had spent an entire century inside their precious sacred grounds and came back alive.

The first thought every dragon would have was, 'How many bloodline treasures did he gather in this insane duration and without contest from anyone else?'