Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 998 The Ancestral Scales

'As we have assumed, the ancestor really kept him in due to his masters.' An official spoke telepathically.

'But, it still doesn't make sense that he was kept for a century.'

'We won't know for certain unless we asked the ancestor personally.' Clan head Kyrsun said.

Since there was nothing binding Felix to tell the complete truth, anything he said was taken with a grain of salt by them.

"I am just glad you have returned." Clan head Kyrsun lowered the tension with a soft tone.

"Thank you, elder." Felix nodded in appreciation.

"As for our deal, we naturally won't pull the rag on you." Clan head Kyrsun waved his hand and beamed a giant white chest that was donned with pink shimmering crystals.

Felix raised an eyebrow in surprise at the size of the chest, not expecting to be bigger than a bus.

'Looks like they found the ancestor's corpse while he was in his enlarged size.' Asna said.

"Open it." Clan head Kyrsun requested.

Without delay, Felix flew towards the chest's handle and unlocked it with a single push. Immediately after, he was forced to close his eyes shut after they got hit by blinding golden flash.

The other dragons were also forced to squint their eyes at the shimmering golden light.

After Felix's eyes got accustomed to it, he unlocked them slightly and stared at the content of the chest.

'Are those scales or gold plates?' Felix was left dazed at the appearence of the ancestral scales.

They truly resembled wide thick plates made entirely out of gold. There were exactly twenty of them stacked above each other akin to a Pringles chips.

Unlike other dragons, ancestor Imyr was the only one with golden shimmering scales, making him stand out among even an army of dragons.

The frail image of him and his gray died out scales within the dimensional pocket shouldn't be taken as a reference.

"Satisfied?" Clan head Kyrsun asked while showing a bitter expression.

"Yes."

Seeing that all the surrounding dragons had negative expressions, Felix swiftly closed the chest and beamed it in his spatial card before they change their decision.

He could see that most of them weren't pleased with themselves by taking this deal.

Sure, it helped them secure the victory for their clan, but the price was selling the remains of their own ancestor.

It was doubtful if they could ever forgive themselves.

"As we have signed, the public must never know about our deal." Clan head Kyrsun warned Felix with a stern look.

It was one thing for them to feel shitty about it and for everyone else to know about their deal.

If it went public, they would receive the biggest backlash ever from their race, and it might even cause them to get punished heavily by the elder dragon.

"You have my word." Felix assured them with a firm tone.

Seeing that Felix was taking this matter seriously had put some officials' minds a bit at ease.

"Let's change the subject. The less we talk about it the better." Clan head Kyrsun rubbed his chin before asking Felix, "Be honest, you must have picked many bloodline treasures in your prolonged stay. We know that the ancestor is generous and will allow you to run free."

"I did pick some, but they weren't my priority." Felix replied calmly while beaming thirty royal gemstones on the table.

"So many!"

"Oh god!"

"Jackpot!"

Everyone around stopped moping at once about their ancestral scales and got hyped up...Thirty royal gemstones was a large figure that had never been gathered by any team for a very long time!

After all, the royal gemstones belonged to ancient dragon corpses, making them a finite resource.

With each cycle, the harvest get less and less.

"I am registering this as my own share in the team pool." Felix disclosed.

"Of course, of course."

Clan head Kyrsun and the others were beyond ecstatic to do so as it implied that the white clan would be getting the larger portion.

That's because Forgo was dead, leaving only white dragons and Felix in the pool...Felix would be getting an extra 2.5% to his 30% of shares in the pool due to Forgo's death.

It might seem like a lot, but the white clan would still be getting 67.5% of the pool, which was now much bigger due to Felix's insane contribution.

As a comparison, Anastasia, Tando, and Chemmed had contributed a measly four to five bloodline treasures each.

"Dragonslayer, how about you consider selling your shares of the pool to us?" An official promised, "We will give you a generous price."

"Hmm, I don't think so." Felix shook his head, "I am going to auction my portion to everyone interested in the next couple of days."

Before the officials could get upset and displeased, Felix carried on with a smile, "But, I will give you a special 10% discount for anything you buy in the auction due to our friendly relations."

This was enough to settle their raising displeasure...Sure, it wasn't the best option, but at least they would be saving 10% of their resources with each purchase unlike the other clans.

This would help them get a few more royal gemstones.

'Looks like no one doubted the legitimacy of your provided amount.' Asna commentated.

'I already told you, they are confident that Queen Ai would rat me out if I decided to hide more royal gemstones.' Felix smirked mentally.

Based on the contract he signed, any royal gemstone he found must be placed in the pool.

In the officials' minds, the moment Felix had exited the dimensional pocket, the Queen AI would have checked his inventory to see how much he possessed.

Since she said nothing after he handed out this amount, they assumed that he had shown everything...Especially, when the amount displayed was massive.

But in reality? Felix had given the royal gemstones to mistress Candace while he was in the dimensional pocket!

Because there was no connection to the network, Queen AI had no idea about this transaction!

"When exactly are you preparing this auction? And what kind of currency will be used?" One of the officials asked, "Is it really going to be purely natural treasures?"

"I will hold the auction in two days in the evening." Felix answered, "As for the currency, I would prefer B grade+ natural treasures or unique treasures."

Although Felix would have rather kept those royal bloodlines to himself, he knew that would have arisen some suspicion...Especially, when he had already published his interest in holding the auction and his lack of desire for the bloodline treasures.

Still, it wasn't as bad as he would be refilling his empty natural treasures inventory.

"Alright, we will be prepared."

"I will excuse myself." Felix nodded respectfully and turned around, wanting to return to his room. However, before he could go further, clan head Kyrsun informed from a far, "By the way, don't go anywhere for the next week or so. Elder Dragon will be summoning you."

"Hmm? Why?" Felix frowned.

"What else? Must be to talk about your prolonged stay in the dimensional pocket."Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I see..." Felix nodded slightly, "I am honored to be invited by him."

Then, he turned around and exited the courtroom with a gloomy expression.

'Honored my ass.'

He wanted to avoid meeting the Elder Dragon any time soon, especially after everything he heard from ancestor Imyr.

Felix knew that it would be more difficult to lie or hide the truth from him if he dug deeper.

'I barely spent ten minutes outside and troubles are already brewing.' Felix sighed while flying towards princess Anastasia's house.