Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1071 A Unique Skill

The National College Entrance Examination was just a month away, and Gu Ning would go to the capital after it. It would be the moment that she started to attack the Tang family in the capital. Tang Bingsen couldn’t live long.

Because of the argument, Zi Beiying didn’t dare to walk around alone again, so she followed closely behind Gu Ning.

She soon found out that Gu Ning wrote the numbers of the jade raw materials at a fast speed, which aroused her curiosity. Although she knew little about stone-gambling, she noticed that most people had to observe the jade raw materials for a long time before they wrote some numbers down. Gu Ning, on the other hand, didn’t hesitate to write one after the other. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Gu Ning, how could you be so fast?” Zi Beiying asked, feeling confused.

“I have a unique skill,” Gu Ning said.

“What is it?” Zi Beiying asked.

“I can’t tell you,” Gu Ning said.

“Fine.” Zi Beiying was a little disappointed.

Before long, Gu Ning finished looking around the last dozen shops.

She wrote down the numbers of nearly 150 jade raw materials that contained jade of high quality.

If it was added to the jade raw materials that she had chosen from the stands, she got over 500 pieces in all. The sizes of the jade in them varied, but the total value could be over a billion yuan.

Gu Ning wasn’t sure that she was able to get all of them, but she was confident that she could get at least 90% of them.

Afterwards, Gu Ning asked Leng Shaoting to help her finish the bids. After filling in the blanks, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting handed over the bid charts.

...

It was only 3 pm when they finished that, and most people were still busy looking around on the square.

Many staff members were surprised by their efficiency, and thought that they might be there to have fun instead of taking it seriously. It wasn’t uncommon, because not everyone was able to find jade raw materials they wanted.

Gu Ning and her friends left the square afterwards.

“It’s still early. Why don’t we go to the jade raw material street?” Gu Ning said. She didn’t want to miss any chances to get good jade raw materials.

The jade raw materials at the jade raw material street weren’t as good as those placed on the square where the public jade bid was held, but it was still possible to find jade from them.

“Good idea!” Zi Beiying cheered. She came here to have fun, so she obviously wouldn’t reject it.

Since they didn’t drive there, they took taxis. Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting shared one, while Zi Beiying and her two bodyguards shared another.

When they arrived at the jade raw material street, there were many people there.

Not everyone would be invited to the public jade bid, and not many were willing to pay a large amount of money for it, so they chose to visit the jade raw material street.

The first thing Gu Ning needed to do now was to rent a small storehouse to store the jade raw materials she was going to buy. She could secretly put them into the telepathic eye space if it was possible.

It was easy to rent a small storehouse on this street.

After that, Gu Ning rented a cart and walked into the jade raw material street.

Takuya was still following them.

It still only took Gu Ning a little time to find the good jade raw materials she wanted, and she only spent a few minutes in each shop. Leng Shaoting was already used to it, and Zi Beiying also knew that it was because of Gu Ning’s unique skill, but Takuya was confused.

He knew how hard it was to find a jade raw material with jade inside, and that it normally took a long time for a person to find one.

He couldn’t figure out the answer, so he kept following them.

About an hour later, Gu Ning reached the end of this street and she got around 200 jade raw materials with jade inside in all.

They moved them back to the storehouse together.

“Gu Ning, how will you move so many jade raw materials back to the city you live in?” Zi Beiying asked, looking at the large pile of jade raw materials in the storehouse.

They needed legal documents to move jade raw materials from Burma. And it was difficult to get those legal documents, so Zi Beiying was worried.

“I’ll figure a way out,” Gu Ning said. She wasn’t worried about it at all. She had her telepathic eye space!

Since Gu Ning said that she could handle it, the others stopped asking about it.

“If you need my help, just tell me,” Leng Shaoting said.

“It’s fine. I know how to deal with them,” Gu Ning said with a smile.

“Shaoting, could you help me return the cart?” Gu Ning said to Leng Shaoting. She used this excuse to send him away.

“No problem,” Leng Shaoting said.

“Let Mengda do that!” Zi Beiying said. She thought that there was no need for Leng Shaoting to do it in person.

“Thanks, but I can do it,” Leng Shaoting said. Gu Ning needed his help, and he was unwilling to bother others.