Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1305: Want to See Gu Ning

If it continued, Corydalis Makeup would be losing its customers. Zhuang Chuanhao was alert to the danger, so he schemed against Kouzi.

Gu Ning definitely wouldn’t tolerate it, so she decided to do something. However, she needed to go back to City B with Master Leng tomorrow, so she couldn’t collect the evidence herself. Instead, she asked Gao Yi and Qiao Ya to deal with it for her.

K found the mastermind, but he didn’t have enough evidence. And even if they knew that it had to be a scheme, the public wouldn’t believe them without solid proof.

That being the case, Gu Ning told Gao Yi and Qiao Ya to find more persuasive evidence.

It would be very easy for Gao Yi and Qiao Ya to solve this problem, so they flew to City Q without delay.

Gu Ning, on the other hand, stayed in the capital. And although Leng Shaoting was back, Gu Ning still went to her company every day by herself.

In the morning, Leng Shaoting went to visit his injured comrade at the Military General Hospital. He needed to give his comrade the magical pills before he went to meet with Gu Ning.

Leng Shaoting’s injured comrade was Zhao Weixian, who ranked 8th in the Red Flame. Xiao Nanchen, the 12th member of the Red Flame, was staying with him in the hospital.

Zhao Weixian was shot in the shoulder, and the bullet was already removed, so he was fine now, but normally he would have to stay in bed for at least half a month. Luckily, with the help of Gu Ning’s medicine, he could have a quick recovery.

Many of the Red Flame’s members were aware of the unbelievable effect of Gu Ning’s medicine, but they were still amazed again when they witnessed it.

A few minutes after Zhao Weixian took a pill, he felt a lot less pain from his shoulder.

They all knew that the medicine was from Gu Ning, and they all admired her even though she was only a young girl.

They never judged a person from her age, but instead judged her ability. Some people were old, but were good for nothing, while some people had a lot of achievements at a very young age.

Although they hadn’t met Gu Ning yet, they had read a lot of news about her on the Internet, so they were looking forward to meeting Gu Ning one day.

Zhao Weixian and Xiao Nanchen asked Leng Shaoting when they could meet Gu Ning in the capital. They had only seen Gu Ning’s photos on the Internet, so it didn’t feel real. Xu Jinchen had also shown off his meetings with Gu Ning in front of them, which made them feel envious. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Leng Shaoting didn’t answer their question right away, but said that he needed to ask for Gu Ning’s opinions.

Zhao Weixian and Xiao Nanchen agreed, because they needed to respect Gu Ning. Gu Ning wasn’t free all the time after all; she was the founder of a business empire.

In the beginning, both Zhao Weixian and Xiao Nanchen had the idea to compete with Gu Ning in fighting, but they gave up once they heard what had happened to Xu Jinchen and Chen Meng.

...

Leng Shaoting arrived at the Shengning Organization before lunch, because he planned to dine with Gu Ning later. They didn’t dine outside, but instead enjoyed the food from the cafeteria at Gu Ning’s office.

Leng Shaoting told Gu Ning that his comrades wanted to meet her if she was free that afternoon.

In fact, Leng Shaoting was more than willing to bring Gu Ning to see his close brothers. It meant that Gu Ning was accepted by his small group of close friends, and he hoped that she could get along well with his close friends.

Gu Ning understood that Leng Shaoting also wanted her to see his comrades, so she agreed. As Leng Shaoting’s girlfriend, Gu Ning thought that it was necessary for her to meet his close brothers. They decided to have dinner with Leng Shaoting’s comrades that afternoon.

Leng Shaoting then sent a message to his comrades, who were happy to hear this good news.

...

At 2 pm Gao Yi and Qiao Ya arrived at City Q.

They contacted K at once, because they needed to know the key people they needed to follow later. Only K knew how to track their locations through their mobile phones.

Seconds later, Gao Yi and Qiao Ya separated to take action.

...

At about 5 pm, Gu Ning got off work, so Leng Shaoting booked a private room at the Shengshi Hotel. The Shengshi Hotel was his business anyway.

Afterwards, Leng Shaoting called Zhao Weixian and Xiao Nanchen.

Zhao Weixian felt much better after taking Gu Ning’s magical pills, and his wound was healing fast, so as long as he moved gently, he could leave the hospital. Therefore, he went to see Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning with his arm in a brace hanging around his neck.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting arrived at the Shengshi Hotel later, where Gu Ning found it was very easy to see familiar faces at dinner time.