Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1332: A Perfect Counterattack

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

If someone had leadership skills, she or he would know how to select skilled people to work for her or him. On the other hand, if someone didn’t have leadership skills, she or he wouldn’t be able to find skilled people to work for her or him.

With Han Wenling’s reply, Gu Ning was sure that this problem was completely solved and that it was impossible for Zhuang Chuanhao to get away with the crime. No matter how rich Zhuang Chuanhao was, he wasn’t comparable to the Han family and the law.

After having the call with Han Wenling, Gu Ning called Leng Shaoting and told him the final result.

Leng Shaoting wasn’t surprised, because he knew that Gu Ning was able to deal with it very well. At the same time, he also felt happy for Gu Ning.

Leng Shaojia didn’t know about what was happening to Luca yet, because Master Leng didn’t say anything about what they had been through in City B, and Leng Shaojia had no idea how Luca would hurt Gu Ning.

Luca had promised that he would send her a message once he succeeded. So since Leng Shaojia hadn’t received a message from him yet, she knew Luca hadn’t finished it. Nevertheless, she knew that it would take some time, and she needed to be patient.

Besides, Gu Ning was with Leng Shaoting and Master Leng two days ago, so Leng Shaojia hoped that Luca wouldn’t take action at that time.

Although Leng Shaojia didn’t know how excellent Leng Shaoting was at fighting, she was afraid that Luca might be caught. Even though Luca didn’t know her identity, she had a guilty conscience.

As for Kouzi’s quality scandal, Leng Shaojia paid attention to it from the beginning to the end and she talked about it with her friends in a WeChat group.

Her friends weren’t aware of her grudge against Gu Ning, and they kept complimenting Kouzi in the WeChat group, which annoyed Leng Shaojia. She couldn’t wait to see Gu Ning in big trouble.

However, what Leng Shaojia didn’t know was that her scheme was already exposed, and that she would soon pay for it.

In addition, Leng Shaojia had to admit that she was impressed by Gu Ning’s efficiency too. However, she didn’t think that Gu Ning was able to make such a perfect counterattack alone, so she believed that Leng Shaoting must have helped Gu Ning.

She hated Leng Shaoting, but it was an undeniable truth that Leng Shaoting was very outstanding among their peers.

In order not to see positive comments about Gu Ning again, Leng Shaojia directly told her friends that she had a long-standing grudge against Gu Ning and that they had to stop talking about her.

Knowing that, her friends were surprised and stopped complimenting Gu Ning at once. Although they were Leng Shaojia’s friends, Leng Shaojia’s family was much more influential than theirs, so they always listened to her.

Only Shi Yanyan, who had a close relationship with Leng Shaojia, was aware of her grudge against Gu Ning; the others didn’t dare to ask further about it.

Some of Leng Shaojia’s friends began to hate and badmouth Gu Ning once Leng Shaojia told them that she disliked Gu Ning. The majority, however, didn’t change their attitude towards Gu Ning, and still admired her.

They were Leng Shaojia’s friends, but they weren’t close. In fact, they were each other’s connections and were bound together because of benefits. Therefore, even though they listened to Leng Shaojia, it didn’t mean that they would give up their own judgments. If it was a serious matter, they would also refuse to listen to Leng Shaojia.

... Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Baili Zongyang and Baili Zongxue were also paying attention to the news about Gu Ning.

Ever since Baili Zongyang found out that Gu Ning lived in Century City, he told Baili Zongxue to move there so that she would have more chances to make friends with Gu Ning.

It had been a long time since Baili Zongyang met Gu Ning for the first time. They had agreed to share a meal together, but Baili Zongyang didn’t have the chance to call her yet.

Gu Ning was too outstanding, and he had worries that his impolite behavior might alert her.

As a result, Baili Zongyang hoped that he could run into Gu Ning again and invited her to dine together. This time, he finally had a reasonable excuse to call Gu Ning after finding out what had happened to Kouzi.

He planned to call her tomorrow.

“Gu Ning is unbelievable. She has made a perfect counterattack,” Baili Zongyang said.

Before Gu Ning sent out those posts, he already knew that Gu Ning could deal with it very well. However, he was still surprised when he saw the final result.

“Unfortunately, she’s just a mortal, or I’d think that you two would be a perfect couple,” Baili Zongxue said.

In Baili Zongxue’s eyes, Gu Ning was a gorgeous business talent and an extraordinary kung fu master. She admired her and had a good impression of her, but there was a rule in the cultivation world that a cultivator couldn’t marry a mortal, or the cultivator would be expelled from the cultivation world.

The child of a cultivator and a mortal would lose the talent of becoming a cultivator. Everyone in the cultivation world was born with the talent of becoming a cultivator. If accidents happened and some children were born without it, they would be kicked out of the cultivation world no matter how powerful their families were.

If cultivators were allowed to marry mortals, there would be more and more children without the talent of becoming a cultivator in the cultivation world. In that case, the cultivation world would be ruined one day.