Chapter 1356: Gu Ning Has Enough Evidence

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When they heard the gunshot, all of them got anxious and nervous.

In the video, Gu Ning easily avoided the bullet, which shocked everyone again. They couldn’t believe that Gu Ning was able to avoid it so easily. Actually, they didn’t believe that anyone could do that. There was only a short distance, and the bullet was shot towards her back!

Tang Quanjun went to a military school, and he thought that he was excellent at martial arts, but he didn’t think that he was able to do the same thing as Gu Ning. Even if there was a longer distance, it was impossible for him to do it.

Only the top special forces probably could do it.

Gu Ning avoided the bullet which was only five meters away from her, which even the top special forces might find very difficult.

Tang Quanjun had a feeling that Gu Ning wasn’t simple at all.

The next second, Gu Ning dashed towards Chang Bingjian. She broke his wrist and kicked his belly.

Right at this moment, the other policemen all pointed their guns at Gu Ning and Qiao Ya.

After that, they began to argue with each other and mentioned the surveillance cameras.

Tang Quanjun heavily hit the desktop after watching the video. “How dare Chang Bingjian do that? What he has done is totally unacceptable!”

Then Tang Quanjun turned to question Captain Yang. “Why are the surveillance cameras broken all of a sudden? Did you do it on purpose?”

It was obvious that Tang Quanjunw as suspicious of Captain Yang.

“I-I didn’t.” Captain Yang denied it at once.

“You didn’t? Really?” Tang Quanjun didn’t believe him. Although Tang Quanjun didn’t have evidence to prove it, he knew that Captain Yang was Chang Bingjian’s man.

There were many important documents in the Public Security Bureau, so the surveillance cameras were checked every day. Even if they were broken, they would be repaired right away. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Captain Yang denied it without hesitation, but he looked guilty. He didn’t dare to meet Tang Quanjun’s eyes at all. If he really hadn’t done that, he wouldn’t panic when Tang Quanjun questioned him.

“I-I-I...” Captain Yang didn’t know what to say now. He tried to defend himself, but couldn’t find any reasonable excuse.

Tang Quanjun ignored him, then said to Gu Ning, “Miss Gu, I promise that I’ll find out the truth in person.”

Gu Ning had attacked Chang Bingjian and the three policemen when her life was in danger, which was understandable and legal.

In addition, Gu Ning provided him with solid proof, so he should thank her.

“Thanks, but what has happened to my friend’s younger brother should also be investigated,” Gu Ning said. This was her real aim of coming here.

“I will send someone to investigate it,” Tang Quanjun said. Although he trusted Gu Ning now, he still needed to collect enough evidence.

Without enough evidence, the police couldn’t arrest the criminal.

“Don’t bother, because I can show you the evidence,” Gu Ning said and took out a USB flash disk. “This is the surveillance video of the crime scene. I don’t think XX company will keep it.”

Hearing that, everyone was surprised. They couldn’t believe that Gu Ning could get the surveillance video which could have already been deleted by XX company.

Even if she didn’t get the video herself, it still proved that she wasn’t simple at all since she managed to have it.

“Captain Zuo, go get it for me,” Tang Quanjun said.

“Yes, sir,” Captain Zuo said.

He walked to Gu Ning and took the USB flash disk.

Gu Ning then continued, “The first file is the surveillance video of the crime scene. The second file is the call records between Zeng Lichang and Chang Bingjian. The third file is the evidence of the secret meeting between Zeng Lichang’s secretary and Chang Bingjian.”

“Although Zeng Lichang’s secretary only handed Chang Bingjian a carton of cigarettes, I think we all know what’s inside.”

Tang Quanjun was an important official in the police system, so bribery and corruption weren’t strange to him.

All the other people in the room were astonished when Gu Ning said that.

Gu Ning alone was able to collect so much evidence!

Tang Quanjun took the USB flash disk, then inserted it into the computer. He read through all the files.

Gu Ning was right about everything.

The victim didn’t have a physical altercation with the HR manager, but a young man suddenly ran into the office when the victim was about to leave, and they had a fight.