Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1471: Hypogamy

1

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In their eyes, the person’s family background was the most important factor in the marriage, but his or her appearance also mattered.

“I don’t understand why there are so many people who always mix their children’s marriage with their family’s business.”

“I don’t think their children can have a happy marriage if they put benefits ahead of happiness.”

“A marriage without love can’t last!”

“Money is good, but life is long.”

“I agree, and happiness plays an important role in one’s life too.”

“...”

Some guests also began to talk about Tang Yaxin and Qi Ziyue.

“They must be in love since they’re going to marry each other, although there is a huge gap between them.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Right, I’m also willing to marry my true love without caring how much money he has.”

“True love? Seriously? I don’t think so.”

“Come on, true love really exists.”

“I know, but it doesn’t often happen.”

“Men are more realistic than women, and they always marry in order to climb up the social ladder. I learned this lesson from personal experience.”

Actually, there were all kinds of people in this world, and having a happy marriage depended on one’s luck. Some people changed completely after marriage, which often happened nowadays. Therefore, everyone should be careful before walking into a marriage.

Although the Tang family was a super-rich family in the capital, not every member in high society had a good relationship with it. In addition, there were too many influential people in the capital, so only a third of them attended today’s wedding.

There were three kinds of people among the present guests today. The first kind was those who were familiar with Tang Bingsen, the second kind was business partners of the Tang Organization, while the third kind was his acquaintances. In fact, most of the guests were his acquaintances.

As for those who were in a higher position than Tang Bingsen, Tang Bingsen didn’t have the courage to invite them to come.

For example, the four dominant families and the top officials in the capital weren’t in the same circle as him. Even the Xu family didn’t show up at the party, and the Tang family could only invite some other super-rich families at the same level as it to come.

Other super-rich families at the same level as the Tang family simply sent a young member to represent them and join in the party, so as to not embarrass Tang Bingsen.

All in all, this wedding held by the Tang family was still a big event in the capital.

When Tang Bingsen chatted with his guests, his guests kept congratulating him on his daughter’s wedding.

Not every guest had a good relationship with Tang Bingsen, and some guests had conflicts with him in business. However, they knew how to create a cheerful atmosphere on the surface. They weren’t arch enemies after all.

“Chairman Tang, I really admire your tolerance. You don’t care about your son-in-law’s family background at all,” an owner of a famous company joked in an

acidic tone.

In fact, the act of marrying someone of a lower social and economic class would only be joked about in high society. In their eyes, poor people were inferior to them.

“Chairman Lu, I don’t need to use my daughter to develop my family business, so I don’t care about my son-in-law’s background. As long as they can be happy together, they have my best wishes,” Tang Bingsen said and curbed his anger.

It was a complete lie. He indeed didn’t need Tang Yaxin to help him develop his family business, because Tang Aining had been doing that. Without Tang Aining’s effort, the Tang family couldn’t have developed so rapidly.

No matter how much he disliked Tang Aining, Tang Aining was his daughter, but unfortunately not many of his friends were aware of it.

Chairman Lu was struck dumb for a second, and didn’t know what to say.

However, what Tang Bingsen just said offended other successful businessmen around them, because they all needed their children to help them improve their family business. However, although they did that, none of them were willing to admit that it was an alliance.

Tang Bingsen knew that it wasn’t a pleasant topic, so he dropped it right away. Chairman Lu had no intention to talk about it further either.

At this moment, Tang Qingyang walked over, and Jiang Ruiqin and Song Nan followed him.