Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1495: Greedy Adopted Daughter

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“During these years, my brother-in-law’s family has never hesitated to help me. They’re diligent and kind, and never asked for anything they don’t deserve. My adopted daughter, however, isn’t grateful at all. She behaved like a good girl in front of us before she got married, but we were astonished and mad that she got pregnant before marrying. We couldn’t accept it. Actually, if her husband is a good man with potential, we would wish them all the best. However, her husband is merely a gangster and she has had several abortions because of him. If she has another abortion, she could become infertile.”

“We were left no choice, but to hold a wedding for them. I gave them a house and a car along with five hundred thousand yuan, and I hoped that they could live a happy life afterwards. They listened to me at the beginning, but soon they became lazy and rude. They always asked me for money and more money. They’re too greedy and even wanted to steal my property by murdering me!”

Hearing that, Gu Ning was surprised and angry. The old woman looked very sad and Gu Ning trusted her.

After that, the old woman began to cry again, but she suddenly coughed and seemed to be short of breath.

Gu Ning was afraid that she might be in great pain, so she stood up and poured a glass of water for her. Gu Ning also secretly put a power crystal inside before she handed the glass to the old woman. “Ma’am, have some water.”

“Thanks.” The old woman drank the water Gu Ning gave her.

After drinking the water with magical power, the old woman quickly felt much better.

“Why don’t you call your brother-in-law right now? I don’t think your adopted daughter is trustworthy,” Gu Ning said.

“She hid my phone away, and I can’t find it. Maybe it’s on her,” the old woman said and tried to leave the bed to search for it, but she was stopped by Gu Ning. “I’ll do it.”

Gu Ning then went to search Xiang Yili’s body and found two phones. “Ma’am, which one is yours?”

“The black one,” the old woman said.

Gu Ning gave the black phone to the old woman, and the old woman called her brother-in-law at once.

At this time, the old woman’s brother-in-law was already asleep, but luckily his phone was turned on at all times.

“What’s wrong?” he asked with concern.

It couldn’t be good news if his sister-in-law called him at midnight.

“Dailong, come to the hospital with your wife right now. I have something important to talk to you about,” the old woman said.

Xiang Dailong was worried. “What happened?”

“You’ll know later,” the old woman said.

“Fine, we’re on our way,” Xiang Dailong said and hung up the call.

Before the old woman’s brother-in-law came, Gu Ning couldn’t leave, so she patiently stayed in the ward. Anyway, she had enough time to deal with Tang Yaxin.

About 10 minutes later, Xiang Dailong and his wife arrived. Their home wasn’t far from the hospital, and there was little traffic on the road that late at night, so they arrived very fast.

Xiang Dailong was in his late thirties and was still very young, while his wife was only 35 this year. They thought that the old woman was in great danger, so they came in a hurry, but they felt relieved once they saw that she was fine. “What happened?”

“Since it’s your family affair, I think I should leave now,” Gu Ning said with a smile and excused herself.

“Thank you so much, miss!” the old woman thanked Gu Ning again.

From the beginning to the end, the old woman believed that Gu Ning was only a nurse working in the hospital.

“You’re welcome,” Gu Ning said and left.

She didn’t go to Tang Yaxin’s ward, but directly walked out of the building.

If she entered Tang Yaxin’s ward right after she left the old woman’s ward, the old woman might get involved in trouble because of her. She didn’t want the old woman to be punished because of what she would do to Tang Yaxin.

Although the old woman interrupted her plan tonight, she didn’t blame her, instead she felt satisfied that she had helped another innocent person out.

Xiang Dailong frowned in annoyance when he saw Xiang Yili lying on another bed with her eyes closed.

“What’s Yili doing here? Shouldn’t she take care of you?” Xiang Dailong asked. He also had a bad impression of Xiang Yili after knowing about her bad deeds. However, she was a member of their family, so he couldn’t do anything about it. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“She was knocked unconscious by the young nurse just now,” the old woman said, then told them everything.

Xiang Dailong and his wife were furious after knowing what had happened. In fact, they never had the idea to steal their sister-in-law’s property. It was their family’s business after all, so they were unwilling to let Xiang Yili take over.