Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1542: I Had a Dream

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

However, he shouted loudly in public, which might damage her reputation.

Gu Ning was annoyed and felt embarrassed.

The staff in the hall were surprised when the old man said that he was a fortune-teller. They couldn’t believe that their boss needed a fortune-teller.

Gu Ning argued at once. “Chase him out right now! He’s simply a liar and wants money.”

“Sure, Chairman Gu,” the receptionist said at once.

“Hey, I’m not a liar, and I don’t want your money...” The old man heard Gu Ning’s voice and defended himself.

“Let the old man talk to me on the phone,” Gu Ning said. She had to deal with this old man today, otherwise he might cause her more trouble in the future.

“Sure,” the receptionist said, then gave the receiver to the old fortune-teller. “Our chairman...”

The old fortune-teller grabbed the receiver over and said, “Hey, this is me, and I honestly have something important to tell you. I don’t want your money!”

Although the old fortune-teller just embarrassed Gu Ning, he still insisted on seeing her. He was determined to see Gu Ning today.

“If you want to read my hands or face, forget it. I’ll never let you do that,” Gu Ning said.

“I promise it won’t happen. I came to see you for something else,” the old fortune-teller said.

“Fine, let the receptionist talk to me now.” Gu Ning gave in.

“Great!” The old fortune-teller was delighted and gave the receiver back to the receptionist.

“Hi, Chairman Gu,” the receptionist said.

“Walk him to the elevator and tell him to come to the 18th floor,” Gu Ning said and hung up the call.

The receptionist then led the old fortune-teller to the elevator and told him to go up to the 18th floor.

When the old man was gone, none of the staff began to talk about his relationship with Gu Ning. They were respectful of Gu Ning.

Gu Ning told Gao Yi and Qiao Ya that the old fortune-teller was coming, and that they could let him in.

A few seconds later, the old man arrived and he saw Gao Yi and Qiao Ya standing in the hall outside.

Gao Yi and Qiao Ya weren’t surprised to see him, but they didn’t understand why Gu Ning was willing to meet him. They knew that it was impossible for Gu Ning to allow this old fortune-teller to read her face or hands, so it might be something else.

Although they had a bad impression of this old man, they still treated him politely.

“Please follow me this way,” Qiao Ya said and walked ahead.

After that, they stepped to Gu Ning’s office.

Qiao Ya knocked on the door and Gu Ning told the old fortune-teller to come in.

Once the old fortune-teller walked inside, he saw Gu Ning sitting in front of the office desk with an annoyed expression. He knew that she was unhappy with his sudden appearance.

“Hi, been a while! How are you doing?” The old fortune-teller put on a broad smile, trying to please Gu Ning.

“Not bad till you showed up,” Gu Ning said.

The old fortune-teller didn’t mind her bad attitude and sat down on a chair. Gu Ning then told Qiao Ya to prepare a cup of tea for him.

“Well, I’m surprised by your unbelievable success at such an early age,” the old fortune-teller said and complemented Gu Ning.

It seemed that he came to chat with Gu Ning.

Actually, before the old fortune-teller came here, he read a lot of news about Gu Ning on the Internet. He was amazed by her achievements.

“Thanks, but we can directly get down to the business,” Gu Ning said.

“Well, the thing is that I had a dream...” The fortune-teller began to tell Gu Ning why he came here today.

Hearing that, Gu Ning sneered. She didn’t understand why the old man wanted to tell her his dream. Nevertheless, Gu Ning didn’t interrupt him and let him finish.

“In my dream, I saw you at the haunted construction site on XX road in the eastern district two days ago, right?” the old fortune-teller asked.

Gu Ning was a little surprised, but didn’t think it was a big deal. In her eyes, this old man wasn’t an ordinary man.

“Right, I have been to the haunted construction site, so?” Gu Ning admitted with alacrity.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m