Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1608: Defame

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When Gu Ning arrived outside her company, she didn’t feel any cultivators around, which meant that Dongfang Ziyu and Wu Shunhua were absent.

Both of them went back to the cultivation world. They had spied on Gu Ning for a long time, but found nothing useful, so they couldn’t waste anymore time on her. Dongfang Ziyu needed to practice her cultivation, and so did Wu Shunhua. Although Wu Shunhua wouldn’t participate in the kung fu competition, he couldn’t stop improving himself.

Cultivators could live longer than mortals, but it also depended on their levels. If a cultivator’s level wasn’t high, he wouldn’t live much longer than a mortal. And no one wanted to die if they were able to live happily.

Gu Ning told Qiao Ya that she would come to her company today before she left her place, so Qiao Ya was already waiting for her when she arrived.

Gao Yi wasn’t in the capital, he was chasing for more details about the illegal gang behind Tang Bingsen.

Once Gu Ning walked inside, Qiao Ya reported what had happened the past few days to her.

During the past few days, Gufan had great sales, but it was also involved in trouble. Luckily, it wasn’t serious, and was already solved.

The trouble was that an Internet user posted a post saying that Gufan had a serious quality problem on social media a few days ago. It actually wasn’t important, because a clothing factory needed to make a large amount of clothes so it was unavoidable that some of them weren’t good enough. However, the Internet user’s post soon went viral on social media, and many consumers demanded a response from Gufan.

Gufan made a response later and apologized to the Internet user for the bad quality clothing. Gufan also promised to pay more attention to the production of Gufan clothes in order to make sure that they were as acceptable as possible.

No matter what, it should take responsibility since a quality problem indeed occurred. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Surprisingly, the Internet user refused to return the clothing he bought from Gufan and kept on criticizing it.

In the following days, more and more posts and photos about the Gufan quality problem appeared on social media, and Gao Weichao realized that it could be a scheme. It would take a long time for them to find out the truth, so Gao Weichao called Gu Ning.

Gu Ning went to Kunlun Mountain at that time, so his call was transferred to Qiao Ya’s phone. Qiao Ya then asked for Chen Cangyi’s opinion and Chen Cangyi told K to handle it.

They soon found out that those posts and photos came from the same clothing company, who was defaming Gufan on purpose.

Almost every one of Gu Ning’s companies had been defamed before, and all the bad people had been punished according to the law in the end, but there were still many people who wouldn’t give up doing that. Not many people were aware that Gufan was owned by Gu Ning, so some people still tried to compete unfairly in business.

Gufan later posted the evidence of the scheme on social media to clear its name.

Even though it didn’t reveal the name of the clothing company, it warned it to stop defaming Gufan. If the clothing company dared to do it again, it would be punished according to the law.

The staff of the clothing company were shocked when they saw the post. To their surprise, Gufan was able to find out it was them within such a short time. Without delay, they deleted their posts and photos.

Many Internet users began to believe that Gufan was really innocent after they noticed that all the posts and photos were deleted.

From the beginning to the end, the drama lasted only for a few days. Gufan’s reputation wasn’t seriously damaged, but Qiao Ya thought that it was still necessary for her to report it to Gu Ning. However, since the problem was already resolved, Gu Ning didn’t care about it.

After that, she went to see K and asked him to help her search for Qi Ziyue. Qi Ziyue had been absent for days, and she wanted to know where he was right now.

Before long, K told Gu Ning that Qi Ziyue was brought away by a bunch of strong men and he soon disappeared from the surveillance cameras.

Gu Ning thought of Tang Bingsen once she learned that Qi Ziyue was caught and brought away. Since Qi Ziyue was in Tang Bingsen’s hands now, Gu Ning didn’t bother to pay much attention to him, because she knew that Tang Bingsen would torture Qi Ziyue badly.

Although Tang Bingsen didn’t kill Qi Ziyue right away, he was torturing him every day in different ways.

...

Gu Ning left her company at 10:30 am, then went to visit Leng Shaoting and Shangguan Yang.

Because of Shangguan Yang, Leng Shaoting couldn’t go out and see Gu Ning often. If Gu Ning didn’t come to see him, they would be apart for a long time again, because Leng Shaoting was going back to their military base that afternoon.