Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1710: Being Followed Because of the Jade

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

She felt the air of a cultivator behind her.

She could roughly sense the person’s level from his or her air. If the person was at a high level, she could feel strong air, or she would feel light air. This cultivator behind her wasn’t at a very high level, and should be between Leng Shaoting and Jing Yunyao.

Among all the cultivators she had seen, only Wu Shunhua and Baili Zongxue were at that level. So it was probably one of them, or a new face.

Gu Ning was curious, but couldn’t turn around right now. She could only walk in places with many people.

It was afternoon already, and there were tourists everywhere, so Gu Ning didn’t think the cultivator would choose to attack her in public.

At the same time, she was worried that the cultivator might follow her for the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern, so she hugged it tight in her arms to protect it from danger.

Because her movements were very natural, others didn’t realize that she did it on purpose.

After Gu Ning hugged the box in her arms, she opened the lock on it too. She was still anxious that the cultivator might suddenly attack her in public, so she put the jade into her telepathic eye space.

There was a large box in her hands, and she couldn’t put it into her telepathic eye space as well, or it would attract other people’s attention. However, she could put what was in it into her telepathic eye space, because no one knew what was in the box or whether there was something in it.

As for the cultivator, she didn’t care whether the cultivator would discover it. Cultivators wouldn’t be surprised by her special skill, and would probably believe that she had a Qiankun Bag.

Gu Ning actually didn’t want it to happen, because she was worried that something else might occur after the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern was put into her telepathic eye space.

As Gu Ning walked ahead, the cultivator kept following her and they got closer and closer to each other. Gu Ning stayed alert all the time.

Luckily, the cultivator didn’t do anything when Gu Ning reached her car. Instead, the cultivator stayed not far from her and stared at her.

Gu Ning opened the car door of the rear seats, but didn’t get in it right away. At the second when the car door blocked other people’s sight, Gu Ning put the box into her telepathic eye space as well and she was finally relieved.

The Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern was very important to her, so she had to be careful.

Afterwards, Gu Ning took out a small box from her telepathic eye space. There was only cotton in it, which was used to protect antiques from breaking, and Gu Ning used it to store the Tang Sancai vase. However, she couldn’t put the Tang Sancai vase into it right now, because she was worried that she might have conflict with the cultivator later. She didn’t want to damage the vase, so she kept the box empty for now.

She could go to the washroom before she entered the museum and put the vase in it.

Gu Ning spent almost 40 minutes on the way out of the museum till now, and it was time for her to go back.

When she walked back, she saw the cultivator.

It was a new face; a man about 40.

Although Gu Ning saw him, her gaze didn’t stay on his body. She simply gave him a quick glance, so the cultivator didn’t feel anything wrong.

He didn’t know that Gu Ning could feel the air of a cultivator, so he believed that Gu Ning couldn’t notice him.

After Gu Ning walked away, she didn’t feel that the cultivator followed her again. She thought to herself that the cultivator might try to open her car door with violence. However, even though she had that worry, she wouldn’t turn around to look at him. It wasn’t a big deal, and she could afford the damage.

Since the cultivator didn’t follow her again, she better avoid him right now. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Gu Ning thought that she must be very careful today, because the cultivator might follow her again if he failed to find what he wanted. In that case, she couldn’t allow him to see Jing Yunyao and Leng Shaoting.

Therefore, Gu Ning called Jing Yunyao and asked her whether they were still in the museum or somewhere else. She also told Jing Yunyao that she just ran into a strange cultivator. He was in a pair of black pants and gray coat. His level should be between her level and Leng Shaoting’s level. He followed her because of the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern, and he might follow her again later so they should avoid meeting him.

Jing Yunyao said there were many antiques with magical power in this museum, and the magical power would mix with the air of cultivators. As long as they weren’t close to each other, no one would find them, and they would be safe in this museum. Moreover, since the man was at a lower level than her, she would be able to find him before he found her.

However, she was confused about the reason why the cultivator wanted to have the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern. Were there any secrets to it?

Gu Ning had guessed correctly, because the cultivator indeed went to open her car door with violence.

Because he was a cultivator, it wasn’t difficult for him to do that, and other people around him didn’t think that it was strange. They thought it was his car. Nevertheless, he failed to find the large box Gu Ning had in her hands just then, and he looked disappointed.

Did she put the box into another box and take it away? Why would she do that? Did she find out that I was following her?

The man thought that it was impossible, but it was true that the box disappeared. After that, the man closed the car door and walked back to the palace. However, Gu Ning was nowhere to be found now, and he was full of anger.

He came for the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern this time, but someone else got it before him.

At the same time, he doubted whether there was really theJade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern in the box, so he decided to go to the museum.

When Gu Ning had almost reached the museum, she went to the washroom and took out the Tang Sancai vase. And after she walked out of the washroom, she called Cai Wenhong.

She needed to pass the security check before walking into the museum, but the antique would be taken away from her unless there was a staffer with her.