Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1734: Apologize or Leave

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Because she knew all the saleswomen in this store didn’t know her, she didn’t directly show her identity to them, but chose to threaten Jing Yunyao.

Yu Yin smiled with mockery. “Great, do it now.”

Mrs. Tong really wasn’t a smart woman, because a smart person wouldn’t destroy his or her own business for a so-called friend.

Coincidentally, Yu Yin knew the owner of this store too, and she knew its boss wasn’t dumb. It was impossible that its boss would treat them badly because of Mrs. Tong’s unreasonable behavior.

Instead, if Mrs. Tong insisted on making it a serious problem, the owner of this store might cut their friendship, because Mrs. Tong simply made enemies for her.

Mrs. Tong, however, didn’t hesitate to take out her phone. She didn’t think further about Yu Yin’s words, and she believed that Yu Yin couldn’t be as influential as her. Therefore, Mrs. Tong called the owner of the store at once. Such a stupid person would never reflect on her behavior. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yu Yin didn’t stop her, neither did the saleswomen in the store. Since Yu Yin had no intention to stop Mrs. Tong, they wouldn’t do it either, because it was obvious that Yu Yin wanted to teach Mrs. Tong a lesson.

However, some people who didn’t know Yu Yin’s family background felt worried about her. If the owner of this store really blacklisted Yu Yin for Mrs. Tong, it would be embarrassing. After all, it wasn’t Yu Yin’s fault.

Nevertheless, the saleswoman in the store didn’t think their boss would do that. Although they had no idea of Yu Yin’s family background, she was a friend of a senior official’s wife, and Mrs. Tong wasn’t comparable to her at all. As a result, they didn’t think Yu Yin would lose.

Before long, the owner of this store answered Mrs. Tong’s call, and Mrs. Tong said, “Jiayu, there are two customers who won’t stop competing with me for clothes in your store. You must help me with it!”

They wouldn’t stop competing with her for clothes?

It was ridiculous! Mrs. Tong didn’t feel ashamed at all when she made up such a lie in front of everyone.

“What? How is it possible? I don’t want such customers to shop in my store!” The owner of the store said in annoyance. “Tell the store manager to take the call.”

After that, Mrs. Tong handed her phone to the store manager and also gave the manager a glance of warning. She was threatening the store manager to side with her.

The store manager frowned a little, because Mrs. Tong indeed was very shameless.

“Hi, boss,” said the store manager.

“What exactly happened?” asked her boss.

The store manager was very honest. “Boss, the thing is that Ms. Yu and her sister-in-law came to our store today. Ms. Yu’s sister-in-law tried on the first dress and it looked very good on her, but she thought it’s too expensive, so she hesitated for a while. Mrs. Tong suddenly laughed at her and they had an argument. After that, Mrs. Tong grabbed away the second dress Ms. Yu’s sister-in-law liked. Ms. Yu’s sister-in-law didn’t mind and chose another dress. The two dresses happen to be in the same collection, but Ms. Yu’s sister-in-law looked more attractive than Mrs. Tong after they tried on the dress. Mrs. Tong was unhappy about it and said that Ms. Yu’s sister-in-law did it on purpose. They had another argument afterwards. Mrs. Tong was full of anger, so she decided to use your influence to blacklist Ms. Yu and Ms. Yu’s sister-in-law.”

“You...” Mrs. Tong was angry when the store manager told the truth in detail. “It’s she who stole my dress!”

The owner of this store was displeased after hearing the whole story. She chose to believe the store manager’s account.

Although she knew Mrs. Tong, they were common friends. Yu Yin, however, was different, because she was a good friend of a senior official’s wife. In that case, Yu Yin was much more important than Mrs. Tong.

“We have all witnessed what has happened in the store, and there are surveillance cameras too.” The store manager argued at once.

“You...” Mrs. Tong didn’t know what to say at this moment, because she knew it was the truth.

“Tell Mrs. Tong to apologize to Ms. Yu right now, and she must get Ms. Yu’s forgiveness if she still wants to shop in our store,” said the owner of this store. After this call, she finally understood what kind of person Mrs. Tong was. Mrs. Tong was so stupid that her family would be affected sooner or later.

“No problem, boss,” the store manager said with a happy face.

After that, the owner of this store hung up the call, and she didn’t bother to talk with Mrs. Tong anymore.

The store manager gave the phone back to Mrs. Tong and said, “Mrs. Tong, our boss said that it’s your fault today, and you should apologize to Ms. Yu and get her forgiveness if you want to continue to shop here.”

It wasn’t a surprising answer in Yu Yin’s eyes.

Other people in the store felt satisfied with the result too.

It was Mrs. Tong’s fault after all, so she should apologize to Yu Yin and Jing Yunyao.

However, it was unacceptable in Mrs. Tong’s eyes. “What? I should apologize to them?”

She couldn’t believe that the owner of the store asked her to apologize to Yu Yin and get Yu Yin’s forgiveness, or she wouldn’t be allowed to shop here in the future.

It was humiliating!

In fact, Mrs. Tong still didn’t think it was her fault.

“Mrs. Tong, since you’re unwilling to apologize, please change your clothes and leave now,” said the store manager. Even though she really disliked Mrs. Tong, she had to be polite on the surface.

“You...” Mrs. Tong was mad and was reluctant to give up. “Fine, if Lin Jiayu refuses to help me, I can turn to my cousin for help! My older female cousin is Mrs. Tang in the capital. As long as I tell her what has happened to me, your store will have to close!”

Lin Jiayu was the owner of this clothing store.

The Tang family in the capital must be Tang Bingsen’s family. In that case, Mrs. Tang must be Ji Yijing.

Actually, Mrs. Tong was Ji Yijing’s relative, and she was able to join a super-rich family because of their relationship.