Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1800: There Were Skeletons in the Well

Although Gu Ning’s attitude was quite nice, her achievements were too great to make them feel they could be close to her. Gu Ning was a very successful businesswoman after all, while they were just ordinary college students.

Gu Ning didn’t care much about that. Because there was nothing else to deal with in the school this afternoon, she left for her company.

The military training would begin tomorrow morning, so Gu Ning would stay in the dorm room tonight.

Even if she had a special treatment, she wouldn’t leave the school unless it was necessary.

On her way out, Gu Ning attracted a lot of attention as always. Some were attracted to her outstanding appearance, and some recognized her.

After recognizing her, many people talked about her in low voices. They wanted to greet her, but didn’t have courage to.

Gu Ning wasn’t arrogant, but tended to keep a distance from strangers. In fact, she was nice to those who were kind to her.

As she reached the gate of their campus, Gu Ning felt the air of the cultivator.

Gu Ning knew only Baili Zongxue and the cultivator who had followed her for the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern would show up in the Capital University.

Given the level of the cultivator, it couldn’t be Baili Zongxue, so it must be the cultivator who had followed her for the jade.

Gu Ning used her Jade Eyes at once and indeed saw the cultivator who had followed her for the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern.

She didn’t feel bothered and had no intention of avoiding him. Instead, she kept on walking outside.

At the right side of the gate of the Capital University, there was a underground parking lot, which was specially designed for teachers and students of the Capital University.

Once Gu Ning appeared, the cultivator fixed his eyes on her. Gu Ning then went straight to the parking lot. She drove her car out and left.

In a few seconds, she found a car following her and the cultivator was in it.

Gu Ning thought for a while. Since there was nothing else to deal with in her school, she decided to go to her company this afternoon. It was time to deal with this cultivator now. Although he was at a high level, Gu Ning wasn’t afraid of him.

Not far to the right of the Capital University was the National Imperial Palace Park.

It was a private garden of the emperors of the Qing dynasty. It occupied a piece of land which was more than 350 hectares. Its building area reached two hundred thousand square meters with more than 150 sceneries. It was also called “The Garden of Gardens”.

In midsummer, the emperors of the Qing dynasty came here to escape from the summer heat, listen to politics, and handle military affairs, so it was given another name of “Summer Palace”.

Nowadays, although it had become a tourist attraction and countless tourists visited it every day, many signs were set up and forbade people to enter because the National Imperial Palace Park was very large and there were many farther palaces and courtyards that hadn’t been developed yet.

Therefore, if Gu Ning and the cultivator had a fight in those farther palaces and courtyards, no one would find out.

Even if anyone saw them, Gu Ning believed that nobody was willing to be dragged into trouble.

Accordingly, Gu Ning headed to the National Imperial Palace Park. The cultivator had no idea that he was already exposed, so he followed her.

After arriving at the park, Gu Ning got out of her car and went to buy a ticket.

Seeing that, the cultivator thought Gu Ning came here for a visit.

She was alone here, which was very normal. She might have an appointment with her friends, but her friends came earlier or hadn’t come yet. She might simply come here to have a walk. Anyway, it didn’t arouse the cultivator’s suspicion.

Moreover, the cultivator took Gu Ning very lightly. Even though she was strong compared to other mortals, she was a mortal after all. He didn’t think she would be a match for him.

There were many visitors in the National Imperial Palace Park today. In fact, as long as it wasn’t rainy, the park was always full of visitors.

Especially in the past few days, there were even more tourists because all the freshmen came to the capital. They would have a tour around the city once they were free.

The National Imperial Palace Park was an imperial garden in the Qing dynasty, which was a historic place and no visitors would be willing to miss it.

It was super crowded, especially during the holidays.

As for today, there might be many students who hadn’t visited here yet, because they just had a meeting this morning. They wouldn’t come here so soon, especially because it was also time for lunch.

Gu Ning actually couldn’t care less about the above.

After buying a ticket, Gu Ning walked into the park, followed by the cultivator.

Gu Ning aimed to lead the cultivator to a farther park with fewer people, but she couldn’t do that too obviously, because it might arouse the cultivator’s suspicion. No one would walk to a remote place with little people for no reason. Most importantly, she was going to the farthest corner of this park.

The cultivator still didn’t know that Gu Ning had already noticed him. If she wasn’t careful, the cultivator might sense something was wrong. It wasn’t easy to deal with a cultivator after all.

Therefore, Gu Ning pretended that she knew there was a secret hidden in a certain farther palace as she carefully observed her surroundings and walked towards it.

This was the first time that Gu Ning had visited the National Imperial Palace Park, so she wasn’t familiar with it. Luckily, she had a pair of Jade Eyes, so she could easily find which palace was empty.

Seeing Gu Ning’s behavior, the cultivator immediately believed that she had secrets hidden here. Besides, he assumed it might have something to do with the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern. He thought she could have hidden the jade here.

It was his guess, and he didn’t think it was highly likely. No matter what, he was determined to follow her especially at this time.

As long as they went to a remote place, he would have a great chance to attack her without anyone knowing it.

Gu Ning walked farther and farther away from the crowd and stepped into the forbidden area. After that, she walked to a remote yard without hesitation.

She looked familiar with everything here simply because she had Jade Eyes. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Although they were already far away from the tourists and there was no one else around them, the cultivator didn’t rush to attack Gu Ning right now, because he was curious to know why Gu Ning came here.

At the same time, he hoped he could find any clues about the Jade with Dragon Phoenix Cloud Pattern.

With the help of Jade Eyes, Gu Ning saw what was ahead of her. About 10 meters away, she saw an abandoned yard with a well in the center. There were wisps of white and black smoke coming out of the well, which were relatively light, so Gu Ning only saw them at the moment, but didn’t feel them.

She slightly frowned. There must be evil things in the well.

After that, Gu Ning used her Jade Eyes to see what was in the well.

The inside of the well had already dried up, and at the bottom of the well were two skeletons.