Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1818: Dine in the Siheyuan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

At the beginning, the owner of the restaurant also thought that they might not be able to eat all the dishes, but surprisingly they finished eating all of them. As a result, he realized that these three girls ate a lot more than ordinary people.

After having the meal, they went back to their dormitory. Baili Zongxue went to Gu Ning’s dorm room.

All the cabinets in the high-end dormitory were locked so that no one could steal anything.

Not every student who was accepted by a prestigious university had moral standards. If so, Gu Ning wouldn’t have been slandered again and again.

Students who were academically inclined might not have good manners.

For example, some senior officials and rich businessmen had received the best education, but they actually lived a much more promiscuous life than ordinary people. Only a few of them had a sense of justice.

Because the power crystals were stored in Gu Ning’s telepathic eye space, she needed to use the cabinet as cover in front of her friends.

Gu Ning took out two bottles with only one pill in each of them, so the bottle was only slightly bigger than a finger. It was convenient to carry around, but could also easily go missing. Therefore, they had to be careful.

Accordingly, Gu Ning reminded them to take good care of the bottle, and her two friends understood that it was quite precious. They naturally would be more careful.

In Song Miaoge’s eyes, it was a good medicine which could save one’s life at a key moment, while Baili Zongxue planned to use it to find out more about the magical power.

If she was able to get more pills made of pure magical power, it would be of great help for their cultivation.

Even though Gu Ning must have a lot of magical power since she could put it into this medicine, Baili Zongxue couldn’t ask too much about it. Gu Ning was very smart after all, and her real purpose might be exposed if she asked too many questions about it. Therefore, she decided to share this news with her older brother first. She wouldn’t do anything on her own right now.

With the power crystal, Baili Zongxue went back to her own dorm room, while Gu Ning and Song Miaoge had a nap.

After Baili Zongxue was in her own dorm room, she didn’t rush to have a nap, but opened the porcelain bottle and poured the pill out to have a look.

The second she opened the bottle, she smelt pure magical power and trembled in surprise.

This little amount of magical power wasn’t helpful for a cultivator, but it was able to cure superficial injuries. It had the same effect as the low level magical pills in the cultivation world.

Actually, it wasn’t easy to get a low level magical pill in the cultivation world.

Baili Zongxue observed the pill for a while, then discovered that it was made of pure magical power without any impurities, which made her think that it might be solidified magical power. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Baili Zongxue had never seen solidified magical power before, but it could exist in this world.

Anyway, she had to talk to her older brother about it.

Without hesitation, Baili Zongxue took out her phone and took a picture of the power crystal before sending Baili Zongyang a message.

Although she could directly give him a call, there were other girls in the dorm room, so she had to keep it a secret.

At this time, Baili Zongyang was dealing with files in the company. Hearing the new message sound, he picked up his phone and read the message.

He was stunned once he saw the picture of the power crystal and Baili Zongxue’s message. To his surprise, there was a pill made of pure magical power and Gu Ning used it to produce makeup and skincare products, which was the reason why those products were so effective.

If so, Baili Zongyang thought it was possible, because magical power indeed had that effect, but he had never seen solidified magical power either. He only knew that medicinal materials which had been nourished by magical power for a long time could contain magical power, and would be great ingredients.

Anyway, medicinal materials with magical power were quite rare. Once there were some, people immediately would dig them up.

He originally thought that Gu Ning had put some medicinal materials with magical power into the products, but unexpectedly it was solidified magical power.

How did the magical power solidify?

Baili Zongyang was confused, but didn’t know how to get the answer.

Should he ask Gu Ning?

That was impossible. Gu Ning wouldn’t tell him, and it would also expose his real identity and purpose.

As for Gu Ning’s explanation that she had met a master by chance and the master gave the medicine to her, Baili Zongyang also had doubts.

He believed that the medicine might have been given to Gu Ning by a master, because Gu Ning was only a mortal. It was unlikely for her to own such an incredible medicine. Only masters were able to do that. However, he didn’t believe that Gu Ning met the master by chance. It was impossible that the master was willing to give her such a precious medicine because they met each other by accident.

Anyway, Baili Zongyang was sure that Gu Ning’s relationship with the master couldn’t be common.

Gu Ning must have told lies mixed with the truth.

Gu Ning wasn’t a simple girl, so she naturally wouldn’t be honest to everyone.

Everyone had his or her own secrets, so Baili Zongyang didn’t think it was wrong even if Gu Ning told lies. They were cultivators, but they wouldn’t tell that to Gu Ning either.

Although Baili Zongyang ached to learn the source of this power crystal, he knew he had to be patient and wait for more clues from Baili Zongxue.

After that, Baili Zongyang sent Baili Zongxue a message back. He would go to the Capital University right now and bring the pill back for research.

Baili Zongyang couldn’t wait to do some research on it, even though he might not be able to find out anything useful.

...

At 2 pm, Gu Ning woke up from her nap. She cleaned herself up, then walked out with Song Miaoge.

When they reached Baili Zongxue’s dorm room, Gu Ning called her. Baili Zongxue came out later, and the three of them left together.

As they walked downstairs, Gu Ning received a call from Leng Shaoting. Leng Shaoting was coming back to the capital and he called her to dine together tonight. After dinner, they would go to Kunlun Mountain this evening for his cultivation. They were reluctant to waste time, because Leng Shaoting didn’t have much free time.

Gu Ning happily agreed.

After hanging up, Gu Ning told her friends that she was going to dine with her family this afternoon, so Baili Zongxue could buy a meal for them tomorrow.

Since Gu Ning was occupied, they wouldn’t force her to stay with them.

The military training in the afternoon was very easy for Gu Ning, and it was over soon. Gu Ning then went to ask for leave from Hu Zijian.

Because Gu Ning was a very special student, Hu Zijian didn’t make things difficult for her and agreed with alacrity.