Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1851: Find Fault with Gu Ning

When Gu Ning and her friends were practicing military poses, Rong Zechen walked by them and specially gave several glances at Gu Ning.

At this moment, Rong Jue wasn’t far from them. Seeing Rong Zechen paying special attention to Gu Ning, he slightly frowned and even wanted to tell Rong Zechen to walk away.

Gu Ning saw Rong Zechen as well, but didn’t pay much attention to him. Actually, if it was possible, she hoped that he could pay no attention to her.

Right as Rong Zechen watched Gu Ning, Yuan Shuyan and two girls walked over from behind him. The two girls were those who were with Yuan Shuyan yesterday and they had seen Gu Ning once.

One was called Ge Qingqing, while the other was Qu Hanjiao.

Yuan Shuyan’s eyes lit up once she saw Rong Zechen, but she was displeased when she figured out that he was looking at Gu Ning.

She was always worried that Rong Zechen treated Gu Ning differently, but now it seemed her worries came true. Rong Zechen indeed treated Gu Ning differently and he even came specially to see her.

In her eyes, she believed that Rong Zechen came here specially for Gu Ning. Therefore, Yuan Shuyan began to stare at Gu Ning with hatred.

Since Yuan Shuyan could see Gu Ning, there was only a short distance between them. Gu Ning saw her as well and noticed the hatred in her eyes.

Anyway, Gu Ning didn’t bother to care about it. As long as she didn’t cause her trouble, Gu Ning would ignore it.

“Shuyan, it’s Senior Rong. Why don’t you go over and say hi?” Qu Hanjiao was excited to see Rong Zechen.

In fact, she admired Rong Zechen from afar, but she didn’t dare to say it aloud because she knew that Yuan Shuyan liked him too.

Although her family wasn’t comparable to Yuan Shuyan’s, she didn’t think that she didn’t deserve Rong Zechen, because her family was a second-rate super-rich family in the capital after all.

Not every powerful or rich family could make an alliance with another family which was at the exact level as it.

As long as there wasn’t a huge gap, it wasn’t considered seeking connections with other people of a higher position.

The Rong family had power, but the Qu family had wealth!

Yuan Shuyan ignored Qu Hanjiao, so Qu Hanjiao saw that something wasn’t right. “Shuyan, what’s wrong? What are you looking at?”

Ge Qingqing saw that Yuan Shuyan’s gaze wasn’t on Rong Zechen, but the group of freshmen in the military training. Therefore, she turned to look in the direction of Yuan Shuyan’s sight, but she failed to see Gu Ning because she was near-sighted.

“Rong Zechen is staring at Gu Ning,” said Yuan Shuyan in a deep voice filled with great dissatisfaction.

“What? Gu Ning?”

Both Ge Qingqing and Qu Hanjiao were surprised and turned to look at the crowd again, but still couldn’t find Gu Ning.

“Where is Gu Ning?” Ge Qingqing and Qu Hanjiao asked. Qu Hanjiao looked displeased.

“The third one on the right of the second row,” said Yuan Shuyan.

After that, Ge Qingqing and Qu Hanjiao finally saw Gu Ning and they frowned at the same time.

“Well, it seems that Senior Rong indeed treats Gu Ning differently,” said Ge Qingqing in annoyance, not for herself, but for Yuan Shuyan.

Ge Qingqing also liked Rong Zechen, but she knew that she didn’t deserve him, so she gave this idea up.

Although Yuan Shuyan knew that Rong Zechen treated Gu Ning differently, she became angrier after hearing Ge Qingqing’s words.

At this time, Rong Zechen kept on walking ahead. It wasn’t appropriate for him to stay here for too long after all.

Once Rong Zechen left, Qu Hanjiao had an idea. “Shuyan, I have an idea to cause Gu Ning trouble.”

“What is it?” Yuan Shuyan and Ge Qingqing asked.

Qu Hanjiao talked to them in a low voice, and Yuan Shuyan agreed afterwards.

Qu Hanjiao then walked to Gu Ning’s class. When she was near Hu Zijian, she said, “Instructor, I have something to report to you.”

Hearing that, Hu Zijian turned to Qu Hanjiao with a frown.

She could do that, but it wasn’t necessary.

However, he had to let her finish since she stood out.

“Say it,” said Hu Zijian.

“The third student on the right of the second row just moved,” said Qu Hanjiao with hidden pride in her eyes.

Hu Zijian was displeased.

He didn’t bother to give it a glance and knew who she was talking about. Precisely because of that, he was displeased.

Gu Ning was the one with the most serious attitude during the military training. It was impossible that she moved. Besides, there was faint pride hidden in the girl’s eyes.

Hu Zijian wasn’t dumb. He could see that this girl was picking on Gu Ning.

Not only Hu Zijian, but all the other students in Class A didn’t believe her words.

Although they didn’t see the pride in Qu Hanjiao’s eyes, they had been trained with Gu Ning for a week till now. They knew a little about her, so they chose to trust her.

Seeing Qu Hanjiao walking over, Gu Ning knew that she was going to cause her trouble. Therefore, she wasn’t surprised at all when Qu Hanjiao said that to the instructor. However, it didn’t feel good to be wronged.

Those people really needed a lesson!

“Are you sure that student just moved?” asked Hu Zijian.

“I’m sure,” said Qu Hanjiao.

“Oh, how did she move?” asked Hu Zijian again.

Hearing that, Qu Hanjiao was surprised. She didn’t expect that Hu Zijian would ask her so many questions. She thought that the instructor would punish Gu Ning right after she reported it.

Gu Ning didn’t move at all, so she didn’t know how she moved.

“What? Since you saw her move, shouldn’t you know how she moved?” Hu Zijian asked in a serious tone. He was questioning her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Qu Hanjiao was taken aback. She somehow felt that the instructor knew that she was picking on Gu Ning.

Thinking of that, Qu Hanjiao forced herself to calm down. “I-I saw her move. She moved her right hand.”

Since she said that Gu Ning had moved, she must insist on saying that, or she would be embarrassed.

“Fine, I know. You can leave now,” said Hu Zijian. He had no intention of punishing Gu Ning.

Seeing that, Qu Hanjiao was dissatisfied. She questioned in anger. “Instructor, don’t you plan to punish Gu Ning?”

“I can make the decision on my own,” said Hu Zijian. It was obvious that he decided to protect Gu Ning.

Hearing that, Qu Hanjiao was furious and blurted out. “Instructor, why are you so protective of Gu Ning? Are you having an affair with her?”

“Shut your mouth!” Hu Zijian snapped at her. Qu Hanjiao had humiliated him and Gu Ning at the same time.