Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1962: Just a Dog

Master Leng notified the National Cultural Heritage Administration to help clear Gu Ning’s name when he learned of the matter online.

Cai Wenhong had also already come up with a plan. Gu Ning had already pointed out this problem when she first offered the museum the bronze chimes, so they had already devised a strategy.

If Gu Ning’s name was not cleared, it would mar both Gu Ning and the National Cultural Heritage Administration’s good name. The National Cultural Heritage Administration would even seem unprofessional or guilty of colluding with Gu Ning.

In the afternoon, a message appeared on the National Cultural Heritage Administration’s official website.

National Cultural Heritage Administration: [We would like to clarify a few things with regard to all the gossip online about Gu Ning illegally obtaining the bronze chimes and stealing cultural relics. Miss Gu did not obtain the bronze chimes through gravedigging. They were discovered in a cave. The moment she discovered them, she reported the matter to us. A lot of people were targeting the bronze chimes, so she did her utmost to save them. If not for Miss Gu’s efforts, the bronze chimes would have landed in someone else’s hands. After that, she personally delivered them back to the capital. Hence, we decided to let Xiangyun Antique-store auction them off and split the proceeds 50:50 with Miss Gu. In reality, the bronze chimes do not belong to Miss Gu alone. Hence, she is innocent of gravedigging and stealing national relics. We urge the public to stop accusing her of these crimes.]

The moment word got out, no one dared to suspect Gu Ning of gravedigging. Even if they did, barely anyone dared to say it out loud.

By the time the Tang family caught wind of the problem, it was already solved. However, they called Gu Ning to show their concern and find out more about this situation.

Gu Ning did not want them to know about her gravedigging, so she told them exactly what the National Cultural Heritage Administration announced on their official website. And since the Tang family trusted Gu Ning entirely, they bought what she said and did not continue probing.

…

Gu Ning and the others had dinner together before Gu Ning went back to school. Gu Ning almost forgot she was still a student.

By the time she got back to school, it was already time for the evening class, so no one was walking around campus.

After Gu Ning arrived at the university campus entrance, she did not go in. Instead, she left the campus gates after Xu Jinchen dropped her off and took a cab to go elsewhere.

The auction was over and Harada Honichi had failed to accomplish his mission, so he was leaving the country tomorrow. However, after all the things Harada Honichi had done, Gu Ning had to teach him a lesson.

Although Harada Honichi deserved death for his deeds, Gu Ning could not kill him. Harada Honichi was not a local, so killing him on home ground would only lead to a slew of political problems.

Gu Ning could not cause trouble for her country just for kicks. To begin with, she did not possess evidence of Harada Honichi’s crimes. Even if she did, he was not bound by local laws and would end up sent to Country R’s embassy and would get tried by them. So Gu Ning could only beat him up.

Gu Ning took a cab to the villa where Harada Honichi temporarily resided. The villa he was staying at belonged to Zhang Chengtao.

Since Gu Ning had no intention of touching him personally, she did not bother to disguise herself. She did not change and simply put on a mask and cap when she went over.

What was Gu Ning planning to do if she was not going to teach Harada Honichi a lesson personally? She was naturally going to send the monster fox to stir up trouble for Harada Honichi.

Most people did not believe monster foxes existed, but foxes certainly did exist. And although it was rare, it was a known fact that some people kept foxes as pets. They could even be seen in the zoo. However, those were just ordinary foxes.

Gu Ning came close to the villa Harada Honichi was staying at and used her Jade Eyes to locate him.

It was only 8:30 pm and still early, so Harada Honichi had yet to sleep. He was still on the second floor doing some reading.

His disciple sat in the living room with two bodyguards watching the television.

The study windows on the second floor were open, so Gu Ning could use them.

Gu Ning released the monster fox and told it what to do before it took action.

The monster fox darted off and jumped straight into the open window on the second floor before swaggering right into the study.

Harada Honichi heard some noises and got a shock. He immediately looked in the direction from which he heard the noise.

Harada Honichi heaved a sigh of relief when he spotted a dog. He thought the monster fox was just a dog since dogs and foxes resembled each other, it was easy to mistake them.

However, what was the dog doing on the second floor? Harada Honichi felt puzzled. Since it was just a dog, it did not pose a threat to him. Moreover, it was such a small dog.

It was true that the monster fox was very small and fluffy, so it looked rather vulnerable and harmless.

Harada Honichi stood up to drive the dog away. However, the moment he came close to the dog, it suddenly pounced on him. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Monster foxes were no ordinary creatures and possessed magical power. Even Gao Yi and Qiao Ya’s strength combined might not be enough to handle it. Moreover, Harada Honichi was just a mere mortal.

The moment the monster fox pounced, Harada Honichi fell backward and hit his head on the ground with a thud, sending him screaming in agony.

He did not expect a harmless-looking dog to be strong enough to make him topple.

Harada Honichi looked at the animal murderously, wanting to kill it. However, he was so dizzy that he was incapable of standing up.

The monster fox scratched Harada Honichi’s face several times when it lunged on him and stepped on him before leaving.

Since Harada Honichi caused quite a commotion, everyone downstairs heard it and came running up. However, the monster fox was nowhere to be seen by the time they got to the scene.

Harada Honichi was badly injured. His disciple anxiously called Zhang Chengtao and told him to call an ambulance.

Anyone who saw the harmless-looking dog just chalked it up to sheer coincidence.

The monster fox went back to Gu Ning and looked smug. “Master, I pushed the mortal down and hurt his head badly. Then I scratched him and stepped on him several times. What do you think of my performance?”