Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1989: You’re Not Charming Enough

After cultivation, cultivators were very energetic. Therefore, even if they cultivated all night, they would still be refreshed the next day.

In the siheyuan, Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning didn’t want to stay alone for too long, so they began to cultivate together.

Leng Shaoting was at a high level, so he could cultivate for a long time, while Gu Ning just joined him. She couldn’t cultivate for too long. Therefore, Gu Ning had a rest after an hour.

…

In the Leng family’s house, Leng Shaoxi stayed in her own room, lost in thought the entire time till late at night. She didn’t want to sleep at all.

She wasn’t the only one who lay sleepless, because Chen Junnan suffered the same thing tonight. He ached to call, text, or send Leng Shaoxi a message on WeChat, but gave up in the end. He was afraid it might disturb her.

…

That night, neither Leng Shaoting nor Jing Yunyao had a rest, and they cultivated until the next day.

Early in the morning, Leng Shaoting arranged for people to make the deal with Long Tianhu tonight, and some that would go with him to catch Long Tianhu.

At 11 pm, Gu Ning received a call from Yu Hao. He had already arrived at the restaurant she told him about. Afterwards, Gu Ning walked out.

The restaurant was near the siheyuan, so Gu Ning arrived on foot in 5 minutes.

After Gu Ning showed up, she gave Yu Hao the pills and left. Yu Hao wanted to invite her to share a meal together, but Gu Ning declined, because she needed to dine with Leng Shaoting and the others. As for the money, Qi Tianlin had already transferred it to Gu Ning this morning. He never hesitated to pay.

After lunch, Leng Shaoting and the others had a rest for a short while before leaving.

Because of the task, Xu Jinchen and his teammates went back to the capital. They would carry out the task at night, so they would dine together in the afternoon to talk about it. The appointed place was Shengshi Hotel.

Before they went there, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting drove Jing Yunyao back to Mountain River Garden first. So when Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting arrived at Shengshi Hotel, the other people were already there, including Xu Jinchen, Chen Meng, Xin Bei, and Si Ming. They would follow Leng Shaoting to do the task, while some policemen would also join them. They would meet later tonight.

Gu Ning would have 6 soldiers to help her and they would meet later tonight as well.

It was still before 5 pm, so they talked about tonight’s task.

Before that, Gu Ning said, “Since we’re going to talk about that before dinner, why don’t we call Beiying to dine with us?”

Gu Ning said that looking at Xu Jinchen.

Hearing that, everyone turned to stare at Xu Jinchen looking for gossip, while Xu Jinchen avoided their eyes with embarrassment.

“Tell us, who’s Beiying?” asked Xin Bei.

“It can’t be more obvious. She must be Jinchen’s girlfriend,” said Si Ming. It was only a guess, but Gu Ning said it to Xu Jinchen’s face after all, so they naturally had that idea.

“Why didn’t you tell us you have a girlfriend? We were worried about your happiness!” said Chen Meng in annoyance. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Don’t be ridiculous!” Xu Jinchen denied it at once, then explained. “It’s too early to say that.”

“No way! Aren’t you charming enough? Isn’t the girl attracted to you?” Xin Bei said with disdain.

Xu Jinchen fell into silence, because he lost confidence in himself exactly because of that.

“Really? That’s the reason?” Si Ming was surprised, because Xu Jinchen always had many choices. They had rarely seen a woman who disliked him.

It was understandable that not every woman would fall in love with Xu Jinchen. However, given Xu Jinchen’s appearance, it couldn’t be easier for him to chase a girl. Most importantly, Xu Jinchen was a quality man.

“I’m not money. Not everyone loves me.” Xu Jinchen argued in a resigned tone.

“The girl is just being very careful about a romantic relationship. It isn’t because she dislikes Jinchen. They haven’t spent much time together after all,” said Gu Ning. She wasn’t defending Xu Jinchen, but Zi Beiying.

“If so, spend more time with her! The girl needs to know how good Jinchen is so that they can get together,” said Xin Bei. He cared a lot about Xu Jinchen’s happiness.

“Right, we also want to see the future girlfriend of our brother. I bet she must be very outstanding,” said Chen Meng.

“I agree!” Si Ming chimed in.

“Stop it now. She might be scared away if you keep on like this.” Xu Jinchen complained. Seeing their reaction, he was indeed a little afraid to call Zi Beiying in case he was embarrassed too.

“Come on, we’ll surely behave ourselves if the girl comes. We won’t ask further about your relationship.” Chen Meng sat next to Xu Jinchen. He abruptly patted Xu Jinchen’s shoulder once Xu Jinchen said that.

“Yeah, I believe them,” said Gu Ning.

Left with no choice, Xu Jinchen had to call Zi Beiying, but he didn’t do it in the private room. Instead, he went out.

Although Xu Jinchen seemed to be unwilling to do it, he actually couldn’t wait when Gu Ning mentioned Zi Beiying just now.

Xu Jinchen invited Zi Beiying to come over and share a meal. Because Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning were there as well, Zi Beiying agreed.

When Zi Beiying arrived at Shengshi Hotel, it was nearly 6 pm. It was already 5 pm when she left her home after receiving Xu Jinchen’s call, so it took more than half an hour from the southern district to the city center.

Xu Jinchen went to meet her at the gate of the hotel in person, because they had already finished their discussion about the task within 10 minutes.

He had told Zi Beiying the number of the private room, but his friends all asked him to go out to see her. He was willing to do that, but felt a little shy.

As a result, when his friends encouraged him to go out to see her, he made use of the chance.

However, a few minutes before Zi Beiying showed up, Xu Jinchen met Mrs. Ji and Miss Ji.

Mrs. Ji was invited by her friends to dine at Shengshi Hotel. The moment she got out of her car, she saw Xu Jinchen. Mrs. Ji and her daughter showed excitement when they saw him. Xu Jinchen, on the contrary, felt upset, but it was too late for him to avoid them now.

“Jinchen, what a coincidence! Did you come to Shengshi Hotel for a meal as well? Are your friends here?” Mrs. Ji asked with a smile.

“Yeah, I’m with a few colleagues,” said Xu Jinchen in a flat voice.