Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1992: Do You Think I’d Believe You?

“The girl looked completely different from her picture! The girl was wearing heavy makeup and she also photoshopped the picture. She edited her big round face into a melon-seed shape. Her single eyelids were edited into double eyelids. She was simply a goddess in the pictures, but a whole different story in person. The guy was so upset from getting conned that he could not resist beating up the girl,” said the anti-drug police officer. He wanted to say that the girl was simply too ugly in person, but he reworded himself to avoid sounding disrespectful.

Although the girl was average-looking, the difference was simply too great. Also, the guy was much better looking in comparison to the girl.

“No wonder! Haha! That’s hilarious…” The moment Xu Jinchen realized what happened, he belted out laughing.

“Even though the guy shouldn’t have beat up the girl, she should not have lied about her looks. Perhaps she convinced herself she was as good looking as the photos.”

“I think so too! It might be wrong to laugh about someone’s appearance, but she should have known better.”

“…”

“How did the girl end up?” asked Xu Jinchen curiously.

“It wasn’t that serious, just a few light scratches. After the boy paid medical expenses, the matter was settled.”

“I feel bad for the guy, but he shouldn’t have resorted to violence.”

“Then again, considering Miss Gu’s makeup skills, I think people will really have trouble seeing through her disguise.”

“Uh huh!”

“Miss Gu, do you mind teaching us how to do this after the mission?”

“It isn’t that hard. I used silicon to make a fake chin and pasted it onto my chin. After application, makeup can be applied and it is slip-proof. The same goes for my nose tip and my cheeks. It’s all silicon. By doing so, you can easily change your appearance. Women can apply lipstick to change the shape of their lips and men can apply beards. Although it is impossible to cover all traces of your original features, only people who know you well will find you familiar. If you are unacquainted, it is nearly impossible to see through your disguise,” said Gu Ning.

They had seen the effects of her technique first hand. No one would have realized it was Gu Ning if she was not the only woman in the villa.

…

They headed to the location at 8:30 pm. Leng Shaoting and his men set up an ambush while Gu Ning and six men waited outside the warehouse entrance.

At 8:50 pm, Gu Ning received a call from Long Tianhu saying he was here. He called to ask if Gu Ning had arrived.

Gu Ning replied, “Yes.”

Since Qi Tianlin told him about Gu Ning and said she was his friend, Long Tianhu lowered his guard unsuspectingly.

At around 9:55 pm, a car arrived at the warehouse and pulled up in front of Gu Ning and the others. Long Tianhu got off the vehicle along with five other men. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The moment they got off the vehicle, Gu Ning used her Jade Eyes to check whether they were armed. Long Tianhu and his men had turned up unarmed and it seemed they trusted them completely.

“Are you Miss Tang?” asked Long Tianhu when he saw Gu Ning. He was simply asking casually to confirm her identity.

“I am Tang Aining,” said Gu Ning.

“I have the stuff,” said Long Tianhu. One of his men retrieved a box from the car and brought it in front of Gu Ning.

Although they had gained Qi Tianlin’s trust completely, Gu Ning used Jade Eyes to check the contents of the box quickly. Sure enough, it was filled with drugs.

“Check its contents,” said Gu Ning to her subordinates.

One of her men came from behind to open the box.

Regardless of trust, they were doing business, so checking the product was essential. If they did not do it, it would only attract suspicion!

Just as Gu Ning’s men were about to open the box to check its contents, a commotion could be heard. Long Tianhu and his men were startled. They quickly caught on that they were ambushed.

Before they had the time to react, people charged towards them from nowhere. There were even armed police with guns pointing at them. Since Long Tianhu and his men were surrounded, it was impossible for them to run.

Long Tianhu cursed in his heart. Long Tianhu immediately looked at Gu Ning only to notice how calm she was, so he instantly realized what was going on. His eyes turned cold as he asked Gu Ning, “Miss Tang, what is the meaning of this?”

Long Tianhu knew that Gu Ning was behind it, but he was oblivious of Qi Tianlin’s betrayal. He did not stop to suspect Qi Tianlin the slightest.

Gu Ning said nothing. Before Leng Shaoting and his men came charging out, they had already started recording the place as evidence.

Even though she was not being filmed, it was inappropriate for her voice to be on tape. Entrapment was considered an even more severe crime than selling drugs, so no sign of their ruse could be captured on video.

The moment Long Tianhu finished his sentence, the cops surrounded him.

“Long Tianhu, no correction. I should call you Chen Jinpeng,” said Leng Shaoting as he stepped out from the crowd and looked at Chen Jinpeng coldly.

“Leng Shaoting?” Chen Jinpeng immediately recognized him when he stepped forward.

Then again, the Shen and Leng clans were relatives and rather well acquainted, so it was only natural that Chen Jinpeng recognized Leng Shaoting.

Although they had not seen each other in three to four years, there was barely any change in Leng Shaoting, so he was easy to recognize.

Chen Jinpeng was surprised to see Leng Shaoting here, so he slipped up when Leng Shaoting called him by name and even knew Leng Shaoting’s name as well. Hence, it was a silent admission that he was Chen Jinpeng.

Even though Chen Jinpeng quickly caught on to his error, it was all too late.

Despite this, Chen Jinpeng continued to deny, “Who is Chen Jinpeng? I’m Long Tianhu.”

He knew there was no escape for him now that he was caught by Leng Shaoting, but he could not admit he was Chen Jinpeng. If he did, the Chen and Shen clans would get implicated for his crimes.

“Do you think I’d believe you?” asked Leng Shaoting calmly.

“You can insist whatever you want, but I am not Chen Jinpeng. I’m Long Tianhu,” said Chen Jinpeng firmly as though he was genuinely Long Tianhu.

“I have investigated the things that happened four years ago and found out you faked your death using the traffic accident,” said Leng Shaoting.

“Humph! Why would I do that if I were Chen Jinpeng? Do you think being a drug trafficker is better than being the mayor? Also…” said Chen Jinpeng. He suddenly paused when he realized he had said the wrong things.