Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2022: A Blessing in Disguise

Gu Ning regained consciousness later, but it was dark everywhere when she opened her eyes. No matter how far she walked, she could never see an end.

“Oh my! Am I dead? Am I in hell now?” Gu Ning suddenly felt scared and hopeless. She was reluctant to die right now because she was unwilling to leave the many people she loved.

The snow lotus outside saw that Gu Ning still couldn’t wake up after taking its petal, so it gave Gu Ning another one.

Because it lost two petals within seconds, the magical power around the snow lotus became much weaker and the white light was also dimmed a lot.

The snow lotus had senses, so it was a life.

After the snow lotus petal entered Gu Ning’s body, Gu Ning in the black space saw a white light hitting her body. She didn’t know what it was, so she subconsciously avoided it, but the light still entered her body.

Gu Ning fell into darkness again and lost consciousness. When she opened her eyes, the surroundings had changed. It was no longer dark, but white everywhere.

Before she could explore the surroundings, Gu Ning felt something pressed against her chest. She immediately looked over and saw the snow lotus standing on her boob. She was displeased right away because the snow lotus was sexually assaulting her.

Seeing that Gu Ning woke up, the snow lotus subconsciously wanted to run away, but Gu Ning moved faster and caught it with her hands.

The snow lotus lost 2 petals within a short time, so it became weak and slower.

After being caught by Gu Ning, the snow lotus made little noises, but Gu Ning could understand its language.

The snow lotus said, sounding aggrieved, “I just saved your life with two petals. I’m losing magical power and I’m weak now. How can you catch me? You’re not grateful at all!”

Hearing that, Gu Ning was amazed. Did the snow lotus just save her life with two petals? If so, Gu Ning absolutely couldn’t catch it, so she let it go at once.

“I’m so sorry, and thank you!” Gu Ning thanked the snow lotus without any intention of catching it again. She was grateful and would never return kindness with ingratitude.

Gu Ning didn’t doubt the snow lotus’s words at all, because she indeed saw that two petals were missing and its magical power was much weaker. In addition, she also felt that her body recovered and had a lot of energy now. She even felt much better than before.

“Oh, you can understand my language?” The snow lotus originally only wanted to complain about it, but unexpectedly Gu Ning could understand its language.

“Yeah,” said Gu Ning, then got up and found herself in the middle of a sea of flowers that she fell into.

Afterwards, Gu Ning looked around. There were cliffs in every direction. “How should I get out of here?” She frowned.

The snow lotus said nothing, because it didn’t know the answer either.

Gu Ning couldn’t rely on the snow lotus. She could only figure out a way to solve the problem on her own.

After walking around, she found no road to go out. It seemed that she had to climb up. Fortunately, this cliff was steep, and there were many places to grab. It shouldn’t be a big problem to climb up.

After thinking about it, Gu Ning pulled up her sleeves and climbed up. She was afraid that Shangguan Yang would be worried if she was outside for too long.

However, Gu Ning only climbed for two meters before she suddenly felt unwell, then the magical power in her body was rushing around, especially in her lower abdomen. A flow of magical power was expanding, as if it was about to explode.

It was a joy to Gu Ning, because it meant she was going to break through into the next level. It seemed that she was blessed when she fell down this time.

She stopped climbing and jumped down at once to sit cross-legged on the ground. She relaxed and concentrated her thoughts in her body.

After Gu Ning smoothed the magical power running around in her body, a barrier appeared.

Although it was the first time that Gu Ning had reached the barrier to the next level, she had already learned a lot about cultivation beforehand, so she was aware that this barrier was the barrier towards the next level. As long as she broke through it, she would be in the next level.

Without delay, Gu Ning moved the magical energy to hit the barrier, but the magical energy scattered the first time while the barrier stood still there. It was indeed not easy to break the barrier.

Anyway, since she failed once, she tried for the second, third, fourth time and so on. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

She failed again and again, but she refused to give up even though she was shedding buckets of sweat and her face turned pale and her limbs were trembling.

Gu Ning understood she needed to try many times to get into the next level. Some cultivators might spend half a month or months on trying to break the barrier.

The higher the level was, the more difficult it was to break the barrier. It was very common to take years to do that, which was the reason why there were only a few cultivators at high levels nowadays.

Besides, the magical power was thinner, so cultivators didn’t dare to try it.

If they refused to stop during the process and couldn’t get out, it was quite dangerous.

Anyway, Gu Ning was at a comparatively low level now, so it wasn’t very hard for her to break the barrier. Moreover, there was thick magical power. She believed she could soon break through it as long as she persisted.

Thinking of that, Gu Ning suddenly remembered her Blood of the Phoenix. She forgot it due to anxiety. Since she lacked magical energy in her body now, she could use the Blood of the Phoenix!

Therefore, Gu Ning immediately used the Blood of the Phoenix to fill her body with magical power, then turned the magical power into magical energy to hit the barrier.

This hit finally loosened the barrier. After another heavy hit, the barrier was broken. By the last hit, Gu Ning passed it. She made it. She finally made it!

Nevertheless, before Gu Ning could celebrate it, she felt endless magical power from the outside pouring into her body. She couldn’t stop it at all.

Once the magical power poured into her body, she had to make it circulate, otherwise she would be damaged by it. In that case, all she had done to break the barrier would become meaningless.

As a result, Gu Ning had to do her best to summon up her strength to make the magical power circulate. After the magical power circulated for a while, she gradually recovered, but still couldn’t stop the magical power from pouring into her body.

The snow lotus was long gone from fear when Gu Ning’s body started absorbing magical power, otherwise it would be absorbed into her body as well. Gu Ning didn’t mean to do that, but it was out of her control.

After a while, Gu Ning met another barrier. Was she going to break through it to get to the next level again?

It was a good thing, but she wasn’t sure whether she could handle it.

Anyway, nothing ventured, nothing gained. She made up her mind to do it again.

In the following hours, Gu Ning tried to hit the barrier again and again, but it was obviously much more difficult this time.

After dozens of hits, Gu Ning had no strength, and she was slowly losing consciousness. However, she kept on trying mechanically, gathering magical energy in her body to hit the barrier blindly.