Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2139: Smith Is in the Capital

“I could see you had a nice talk with Song Haoyu. How do you feel about him?”

When Leng Shaoting and the others left, Xu Qinyin asked Gu Anna that question, but her look at Gu Anna showed that she believed Gu Anna had a special feeling for Song Haoyu.

Gu Anna was always so talkative, but she seldom had a long chat with anyone. Therefore, Xu Qinyin thought that Gu Anna might have special feelings for Song Haoyu.

Hearing that, Gu Anna panicked a little, then rolled her eyes at Xu Qinyin. “It’s our first meeting! I’m not the kind of person who falls in love at first glance.”

Actually, before Xu Qinyin asked that question, Gu Anna didn’t think much about it, but she now felt different.

At least, she had a good impression of Song Haoyu. He wasn’t humorous, but he was mature and stable. It wasn’t boring when she talked with him.

She never liked serious people, because it would be boring, so she enjoyed chatting with humorous people, which was a lot of fun. However, she changed her mind now. She thought one’s character was more important. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

For example, Leng Shaoting was very cold and Gu Ning was very different from him, but they got along very well.

Therefore, it differed.

“I didn’t say you fell in love with him at first sight, but you should have a good impression of him, right? Or you wouldn’t have chatted with him for so long. It has never happened before.” Although Xu Qinyin didn’t see Gu Anna’s panic, given her knowledge of Gu Anna, she refused to believe that Gu Anna had no interest in Song Haoyu.

“Jiang Ruiqin and I had a nice chat as well. Why didn’t you say that I have special feelings for him?” Gu Anna rolled her eyes at Xu Qinyin again. She wasn’t sure whether she had special feelings for Song Haoyu, so she wouldn’t admit it.

“Because I didn’t see it!” Xu Qinyin said. If she could see that Gu Anna had special feelings for Jiang Ruiqin, she would have said it aloud.

“Fine, you win! I have no special feelings for anyone. Come on, let’s drink!” Gu Anna was unwilling to continue to talk about it with Xu Qinyin, so she just drank with her.

…

Because they all had drunk, they couldn’t drive by themselves so they hired designated drivers.

Xu Jinchen drove Zi Beiying back to Century City before going to his own apartment.

Although they were already a couple, they weren’t at the stage of sleeping in the same room yet. Most importantly, Xu Jinchen respected Zi Beiying.

Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning went back to Mid-Levels Mansion. Because they had been together for a very long time, it was very normal for them to have sex when they slept together.

Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning seldom saw each other, so they rarely slept together. As a result, whenever they were able to stay in the same room, they would have long passionate sex, trying to make up for each other’s absence.

They didn’t stop until they were exhausted. After that, they cuddled for a rest.

“I’ll be absent for a while in a few days, maybe half a month. I’ll try to come back before you go to City Ao. And if there is nothing to deal with, I’ll go to City Ao with you.” Leng Shaoting said to Gu Ning.

It was already mid-November, so it was only 20 days before the gambling banquet would be held in City Ao. As long as there was nothing special to deal with at that time, Gu Ning would go. Only idiots would miss such a great chance to make money!

“Sure, take care.” Gu Ning didn’t ask Leng Shaoting what he was going to do. She had never asked about Leng Shaoting’s work. After all, Leng Shaoting’s work had always been confidential. Besides, it was also dangerous, so Gu Ning could only tell Leng Shaoting to be careful.

Although Leng Shaoting had the least probability to get into accidents given his current abilities, he was still in danger, so Gu Ning was worried about him.

Now Leng Shaoting was being exposed to more and more tasks related to ghosts and monsters. Even if he hadn’t met super powerful ones yet, it didn’t mean that he would be safe forever.

“Sure, I will,” said Leng Shaoting.

In the past, he never cared about his life and focused on finishing his tasks, but now it was different. He had people who he loved and cared about, so he had to learn to cherish his life even though he might fail to finish his tasks. As long as he was alive, he still had chances to defeat evil. If he died, he would have no chance.

“Some forces may enter the capital soon to investigate cultivators. Pay some special attention to them, but try not to interrupt them, or stop them from conducting an investigation,” said Leng Shaoting. Leng Shaoting could only rely on Gu Ning to deal with cultivators, because no one was better than her.

Shangguan Yang and Jing Yunyao were strong, but they weren’t good at spying on and investigating cultivators. However, if there was a fight, they might help.

“Yeah, I’ll pay attention to that,” said Gu Ning. If cultivators were exposed to the public, it might cause big trouble!

Leng Shaoting would leave the day after tomorrow, so on this day, Gu Ning didn’t go to school, and just stayed with him.

However, the two of them weren’t always alone together. In the morning, they went to the company, then planned to return to the siheyuan at noon and visit the Leng family’s house in the afternoon.

However, at noon, when they were about to leave the company, K hurriedly came to Gu Ning and said that Smith had come to the capital.

Although it had been many months since Leng Shaojia had tried to murder Gu Ning, Gu Ning didn’t give up on her revenge on Smith, who was an accomplice.

She didn’t deliberately go abroad to find him, but she kept K looking for him. As soon as he arrived in their country, she would take action.

She didn’t ask K to watch him every day. After all, K didn’t have so much time to help her spy on someone. He just checked Smith’s ID record every couple of days.

After Leng Shaojia’s accident, Smith worried that he would be investigated, so he never set foot in their country again until a long time had passed.

He thought that he was safe after such a long time, and didn’t think that Gu Ning might know that he came back to their country.

Once Gu Ning heard the news, she squinted, looking dangerous. “Where did he go?”

“He arrived last night. He is staying in Heaton Hotel in Dongcheng District and is still in the hotel now,” K said.

Heaton Hotel was a five-star hotel run by people from Country Y. Generally, people from Country Y liked to stay in Heaton Hotel when they came to the capital, because the style and service there, as well as the food, agreed with them.