Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2142: Can You Let Him Speak?

“What?” Knowing that, Shao Chen rounded his eyes in shock. To his surprise, Gu Ning had already found out the truth and Yang Siyuan and Yang Jun indeed had exchanged their identities.

In that case, what happened to the files so coincidentally really had something to do with Yang Siyuan?

Shao Chen couldn’t accept it, but he knew that Gu Ning wouldn’t lie to him.

At this moment, Shao Chen suddenly felt that Yang Siyuan was so strange!

If they really had exchanged identities and Yang Siyuan refused to admit it, did it mean that he aimed to steal the Yang family’s properties?

Yang Siyuan kept telling him that he was innocent and Yang Jun was ungrateful, but Yang Siyuan was simply making use of him!

Shao Chen couldn’t stay calm. Although he had a good relationship with Yang Siyuan and Yang Siyuan had helped him a lot, it was different. He didn’t want Yang Siyuan to use their friendship to get away with the crime. If Yang Siyuan used him to do something not too serious, he wouldn’t mind it.

Shao Chen did his best to compose himself, then asked Gu Ning, “Miss Gu, what else did you find out? Can you tell me?”

“Yang Siyuan’s parents forced them to exchange identities, because Yang Siyuan’s parents wanted him to study in a better school. It’s their fault,” Gu Ning said.

“I don’t have evidence to prove what happened afterwards, so what I’m going to say is my analysis, not slander,” said Gu Ning.

“Sure, you have my ears,” said Shao Chen.

“Because Yang Siyuan and Yang Jun had exchanged identities and the real Yang Jun refused to admit it, I had doubts. Yesterday morning, when I went to have a talk with Yang Jun in the hospital, I asked him about it. He told me what happened, but he’s a party in the case. We can’t fully believe his words.” Gu Ning believed Yang Jun, but it didn’t mean Shao Chen had to do the same thing as her. She had no solid proof after all. Without solid evidence, it wasn’t persuasive. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The real Yang Jun refused to admit that he has exchanged identities with Yang Siyuan, which means he really wants to steal the Yang family’s properties. He might even do something more unacceptable in order to do that, like kill Yang Siyuan’s parents…” Gu Ning said.

“No way!” Shao Chen argued subconsciously, but he couldn’t convince himself.

“We need more evidence to prove that, but there is no problem with my analysis till now. It’s what the real Yang Siyuan told me.” Gu Ning said, “Officer Shao, if your son and nephew exchanged their identities before going to college. They exchanged their identities at work as well. Your family has a fortune. Would you make a will or transfer it to ensure that your own property is inherited by your own son? Your nephew has only exchanged identities with your son. It doesn’t mean your wealth also has a different owner.”

Hearing that, Shao Chen was shocked. Did the fake Yang Siyuan kill Yang Siyuan’s parents in order to steal the Yang family’s properties?

“I’d definitely give my properties to my own son,” said Shao Chen.

“However, the Yang family’s properties are in the fake Yang Siyuan’s hands now. Do you really think he wouldn’t do anything to hurt Yang Siyuan’s parents? The fake Yang Jun also told me it’s the real Yang Jun who caused the injuries on his face and made him unable to speak. Well, before we have enough evidence, we can’t fully believe Yang Jun’s words, but we must face the possibility,” said Gu Ning. Even if the fake Yang Jun said it was done by the real Yang Jun, Gu Ning couldn’t be sure of it without proof.

All of a sudden, Shao Chen felt something was wrong, so he asked, “Since Yang Jun, oh, the fake Yang Jun couldn’t speak, how did he talk with you?”

“I asked him questions and he answered by shaking or nodding his head, so I didn’t know all the details.” Gu Ning said, “Well, I can perhaps help him speak. Officer Shao, you can tell him to come here. I’ll have a try. If he can really speak, you can ask him about the whole story then.”

Gu Ning didn’t give him an affirmative answer, in case any accidents happened. If she failed to let Yang Jun speak, she would be embarrassed.

“What? You can let him speak?” Hearing that, Shao Chen was greatly surprised and couldn’t believe it. Even though he knew Gu Ning had abilities, he still couldn’t believe it and even felt it was ridiculous.

He didn’t show it on his face, but Gu Ning understood it was unbelievable in ordinary people’s eyes. Nobody would believe it before experiencing it.

“I said perhaps, but we’ll see whether it works. Perhaps I can,” Gu Ning said. Actions were more persuasive than words after all.

Since Gu Ning said that, Shao Chen stopped asking her about it. As she said, they would see whether it worked after the fake Yang Jun arrived.

“Sure, I’ll bring him here right now,” said Shao Chen, then he stood up and walked out.

When Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting were left alone in the office, Leng Shaoting caught her hand right away and rubbed it in his palm. Staring at her, he looked very gentle. He never got enough when he was alone with her.

“What? Are you sexually excited for you to look at me in this way?” Gu Ning was amused and joked.

Hearing that, Leng Shaoting squinted, showing great desire in his eyes. He smiled and said, “Yeah, I’m aroused by you.”

When Leng Shaoting gave her such a straightforward answer, Gu Ning felt embarrassed and gave him a glare. “Stop it!”

Leng Shaoting was innocent. “You asked me first.”

“Fine!” Gu Ning didn’t know how to answer, so she turned her head away and stopped looking at him.

Leng Shaoting laughed. Gu Ning was becoming more and more adorable in his eyes.

“Ningning,” Leng Shaoting called her.

“What?” Gu Ning asked.

“Nothing, just wanted to call you. I have to leave tomorrow, and I’ll be absent for over half a month. I’m reluctant to leave. I want to stay with you every day, but I don’t have choices sometimes,” said Leng Shaoting.

Leng Shaoting’s love for Gu Ning was impeccable in his actions, but in his words, he really rarely said sweet nothings! As a result, Gu Ning wasn’t used to it.

“Stay with me every day? I’d feel bothered even if you don’t,” said Gu Ning with disdain, but she actually wanted to stay with Leng Shaoting all the time too.