Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2283: Just an Act

When it was almost 6 pm, Jing Yunyao arrived along with Miao Jingjing.

After they came, Leng Shaoting asked Jing Yunyao how everything was going these days. He was mainly worried that cultivators might visit their flower shop and find them, which could cause trouble.

Jing Yunyao said that everything was alright. No cultivators had visited their flower shop recently, because Gu Ning was the boss of the Pavilion of Magic. All the major families in the cultivation world were aware that plants in the Pavilion of Magic obtained magical power and that Gu Ning had a relationship with Shangguan Yang, so they didn’t bother to come.

Jing Jining told Jing Yunyao about that. Jing Jining had stayed in the cultivation world for a while and just left it the day before yesterday. He went to Province Yun yesterday.

He had a company to run after all. Although he didn’t need to deal with everything in person, he needed to go to work regularly.

Jing Jining also told Jing Yunyao about the recent situation in the cultivation world, especially about the Jing family. Because Jing Yaorong went to report it to the head of Tiandaozong that they had run into an ancient pharmacist, Bai Lingtian gave him a recovery magical pill to help Jing Yunfei recover.

After taking the recovery magical pill, Jing Yunfei got much better, but couldn’t regrow new fingers after they were cut off. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Jing Yunyao was the first name that appeared in Jing Jining’s mind when he tried to figure out who had injured Jing Yunfei and cut off his fingers. The information he had learned from his father all implied that Jing Yunyao was highly likely to be the culprit.

Most importantly, Jing Yunfei got the directions from Gu Ning before he went to find the master, which proved that Jing Yunyao was very likely to be the person who injured Jing Yunfei.

In addition, it was a woman who injured Jing Yunfei and the woman was at a very high level. She also wasn’t a cultivator from the cultivation world.

Although there were cultivators in the mortals’ world, there weren’t many in the capital. When Jing Yunfei met the master, they didn’t have a conflict. He only wanted some magical pills, and the master challenged him to have a fight. If he could receive ten of her moves, she would give him the magical pills he wanted.

It was hard for a cultivator to say no to magical pills. Therefore, Jing Yunyao obviously trapped Jing Yunfei into having a fight against her so that she could seize the chance to injure him.

Jing Jining didn’t think it was wrong. Instead, he believed that Jing Yunfei deserved it.

Even if he knew it was Jing Yunyao, Jing Jining still asked her about it when they met. And Jing Yunyao admitted it. There was no need for her to keep it a secret from Jing Jining because he wouldn’t betray her.

When Jing Yunyao heard that Jing Yunfei had received a recovery magical pill and got much better, she wasn’t displeased. It wasn’t beyond her expectation anyway. As long as he couldn’t grow new fingers, he paid for what he had done.

She couldn’t kill him, since that was too much.

Although when she was bullied by Jing Yunfei, she couldn’t wait to kill him back then. She also hated her so-called younger sister, Jing Yunchan, to death, but her anger went away afterwards. She simply wanted to make them pay for it. She never changed her mind.

Jing Yunchan was jealous of her beauty and had tried to disfigure her face. Jing Yunchan had successfully scratched her face a little, but luckily no scar was left.

After Jing Yunyao made great progress, she won Jing Yaorong’s special attention and nobody dared to bully her anymore. In fact, they couldn’t bully her then. However, after a short while, she left the cultivation world, so she didn’t have chances to pay them back.

…

After having dinner, the snow got heavier and the ground was thinly covered by snow. There was snow on the trees, roofs, and everywhere.

It was extremely cold, but cultivators could barely feel it. Only Miao Jingjing, who was no longer a cultivator, put on thick clothes.

They didn’t go back to their own places tonight and stayed in siheyuan.

Because it was Friday today, Gu Ning didn’t need to go to school for the next two days. Leng Shaoting also didn’t need to carry out any tasks, so he didn’t rush to leave.

He decided to visit the Imperial Garden with Gu Ning tomorrow when the snow got heavier before going back to the military base. However, if he received any tasks, he would have to go back right away.

Because they stayed in the siheyuan tonight, Gu Ning couldn’t sleep in the same room as Leng Shaoting. Therefore, they cultivated together. Although they couldn’t talk or see each other, they at least could spend some time together. Therefore, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting cultivated till the next morning, then they went back to their own rooms to take a bath and change their clothes before going to have breakfast.

Miao Jingjing was no longer a cultivator, but she still had the blood of being cultivator, so she still tried to circulate the blood in her body whenever she had time every day, but she always failed. It wasn’t easy to cultivate at all!

If one could successfully get into the period of meditation within a year or two, it was considered rapid progress.

After getting into the period of meditation, the future cultivation would be much easier.

…

In the morning, the snow had accumulated a layer as thick as three or four centimeters, so Leng Shaoting planned to take Gu Ning to the Imperial Garden after lunch.

Because of Leng Shaoting, Jing Yunyao didn’t rush to go to work in the flower shop today. Lin was in the store anyway, so they didn’t need to go to work every day. They normally went to work because they felt bored staying at home.

After having lunch, Leng Shaoting brought Gu Ning to the Imperial Garden. He asked Jing Yunyao whether she wanted to go with them, but Jing Yunyao didn’t want to interrupt their date, so she declined.

The Imperial Garden was only a kilometer away from the siheyuan, so Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning didn’t drive. They went there on foot.

Although it was snowy, there was still a lot of traffic on the road and the snow was quickly melting.

In the snow, Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning walked hand in hand. Although they didn’t feel cold at all, they were unwilling to attract attention from passers-by, so they put on a long coat, but they only wore a thin shirt inside.

Therefore, they didn’t look fat, but they still attracted much attention from other people. They were too beautiful to be ignored.

However, two girls who walked by them judged them.

“Beautiful people indeed care more about their appearances than health. Nobody will pay attention to us no matter how we dress. We have to take good care of ourselves in such a cold winter.”

“I don’t think they’re cold at all. Perhaps they aren’t cold.”

“No way! It’s just an act.”

“…”

Hearing their discussion, Gu Ning put on a resigned smile. They indeed couldn’t feel the cold. It wasn’t an act.

There were a lot of visitors in the Imperial Garden. Most of them came to appreciate the view and take photos, because this park was famous for its breathtaking views in the snow.