Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2307: The Difference of the Siheyuan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Because it only had been a few days, the tree vine didn’t have a big change, but it indeed changed a little.

“My owner, when can you bring me to a place with thicker magical power?” Upon seeing Gu Ning, the tree vine asked. It couldn’t wait to go to the place where the magical power was thicker.

“You need to be patient. I’m busy these days. I can’t bring you there yet,” said Gu Ning.

“Fine.” The tree vine was slightly disappointed, but it had to accept it because Gu Ning wasn’t free.

…

Leng Shaoting knew that Gu Ning finished her exam yesterday, so he came back this afternoon as well.

Once Leng Shaoting was back, Gu Ning told him that she was going to City B in the morning the day after tomorrow.

This time, Leng Shaoting couldn’t go to City B with Gu Ning because he needed to deal with something else. He could only stay in the capital for two days if he didn’t have sudden tasks. Therefore, he could only go visit Gu Man after she gave birth to the baby.

Jing Yunyao would stay with Gu Man when Gu Man delivered, but she wouldn’t go with Gu Ning when she leaves now. She would also go see Gu Man after the delivery.

The Tang family didn’t know about Jing Yunyao yet, so Gu Ning planned to introduce Jing Yunyao to the Tang family this time.

Even if the fact that Jing Yunyao was Leng Shaoting’s mother was still a secret, Gu Ning would marry Leng Shaoting sooner or later, so the Tang family would meet Jing Yunyao in the future. They would become a large family after all.

Gu Ning told Leng Shaoting about going to City B, and also told him about what had happened to Miao Jingjing. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Knowing that Miao Jingjing had been kidnapped and almost died, Leng Shaoting was mad.

Although Leng Shaoting rarely met Miao Jingjing and knew very little about her, since Jing Yunyao was friends with her, she was one of them.

Leng Shaoting might be unfamiliar with Miao Jingjing, but he still cared about her.

Luckily, it was a blessing in disguise and the evil cultivator was already dead, so Leng Shaoting’s anger faded away.

…

At 5:30 pm, Jing Yunyao and Miao Jingjing got back. They chatted for a while, then went to have dinner.

After dinner, they rested for half an hour, then Leng Shaoting made an excuse and left with Gu Ning. They seldom met and they would separate in two days, so they had to make full use of the time they had together.

Shangguan Yang and the others understood that they needed some private time, so nobody stopped them. However, right after Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting walked out of the siheyuan, they sensed a cultivator nearby.

Because Shangguan Yang had cast a spell on the siheyuan, even if there were cultivators outside, they couldn’t sense the cultivators inside. Therefore, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting didn’t sense a cultivator while in the siheyuan, but could when they left.

Did the nearby cultivator come there coincidentally, or did the cultivator notice something different?

Although average cultivators couldn’t see any differences, cultivators at high levels could see the difference.

In order to not expose themselves, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting immediately backed into the siheyuan once they sensed the cultivator.

After that, Gu Ning used her Jade Eyes to look for the cultivator. She wanted to know whether she knew the cultivator.

It was an old man about seventy. He was wearing a beige traditional suit, and was standing by the river, about 20 meters away from the siheyuan.

This old man was a stranger to Gu Ning. He was staring at the direction of Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting. With a frown, he seemed to carefully think about something. Obviously, he noticed the difference of this siheyuan.

It was true that the old man found out that the siheyuan was different from other courtyards. He was at a high level, so he could see that the siheyuan had more than one spell cast on it.

There was a spell on the siheyuan which stopped outsiders from sensing the cultivators inside. However, although the old man could see the difference of the siheyuan, he also realized that the master who cast the spells on the siheyuan was much stronger than him. As a result, he couldn’t remove the spells.

In fact, he had no intention of doing that, because it was unnecessary. There was no reason for him to damage other people’s work! Besides, there must be a master living inside. If he wanted to damage it, he might not succeed.

Out of curiosity the old man stopped there and observed the house carefully. He wanted to know who lived in it.

He hadn’t heard of any cultivators who were good at spells in the cultivation world, or perhaps he didn’t know all the masters since he was in retreat for a long time.

Actually, he just sensed the air of another cultivator, but it quickly disappeared. He bet the cultivator must have shown up for a very short while, then went inside again.

The old man didn’t think the cultivator discovered him, because the cultivator was at a lower level than him.

And it was true that Leng Shaoting didn’t sense him, but Gu Ning did.

Although Gu Ning was at a lower level, she had the Blood of the Phoenix in her body, so she was able to sense a cultivator at any level. However, if there was a long distance, she might not be able to.

After the old man sensed the air of another cultivator who quickly disappeared, he felt as if someone was looking at him. And it came from the same direction.

When he turned to look in that direction, he saw nothing but a wall.

It aroused his curiosity. What was going on here?

It was impossible for him to know that someone had a pair of Jade Eyes and could see him through the wall.

Gu Ning’s gaze fell on the old man for only a few seconds. As soon as she saw that the old man noticed what she was doing, she withdrew her sight. As a result, the old man thought it was just an illusion.

Even if the old man noticed the difference of the siheyuan, it wouldn’t be a big deal, because the whole cultivation world was aware of the existence of Shangguan Yang. Once the old man learned that this house was Shangguan Yang’s residence, he would lose interest in it.

Anyway, Gu Ning wouldn’t allow him to discover her and Leng Shaoting’s real identity.

Without delay, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting went back to the hall. They told Shangguan Yang and the others that there was a cultivator outside.

Shangguan Yang wasn’t surprised that someone would notice the difference of the siheyuan. He never wanted to keep it a secret.

He didn’t think the spell he cast on the siheyuan was perfect, so he knew it would be noticed sooner or later..