Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2322: Nice to See You, Mrs. Jing

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Because I know your real identity. Your name is Jing Yunyao, the daughter of the Jing family, one of the four major families in the cultivation world. Your mother died when you were young. Because you’re not talented, you were always bullied by your step brothers and sisters. Your father didn’t care about you. Only your cousin, Jing Jining, treated you well and defended you. However, he couldn’t protect you all the time, so you worked very hard on cultivation. You made quick progress and finally won some attention, but you were very disappointed at the Jing family, and left the cultivation world afterwards. You can’t remember what you’ve been through after you left the cultivation world. You now live at the foot of Kunlun Mountain. You changed your name to Shen Yao. Your cousin, Jing Jining, doesn’t allow you to go to the capital, because you might regain your memories there. Your enemies are there too,” said Gu Ning.

Hearing that, Jing Yunyao became silent. It wasn’t because she was surprised that Gu Ning knew all the above about her. They weren’t secrets, and all the cultivators in the cultivation world were aware of them.

She was silent because Gu Ning called her after knowing she was still alive.

Did Jing Jining tell Gu Ning about that? She didn’t think it was possible. Then why did Gu Ning do that?

“How do you know so many things about me? What’s your purpose?” Jing Yunyao coldly asked.

“Mrs. Jing, as a cultivator, you should know there are many unbelievable things in this world. Like the fact that people can travel in time. I know that because we’ll meet in the future. Because of an accident, I traveled back in time. Now I must go back to my future life, but I encountered some trouble. Someone who’s stronger than me blocked my way. I can’t go back on my own. I thought of you, so I hope you can help me,” said Gu Ning.

In fact, Gu Ning wasn’t sure whether Jing Yunyao would agree to help her. After all, even if she knew many things about her, Jing Yunyao might not believe her. Instead, Jing Yunyao might think that she had a malicious purpose and refuse to come.

Anyway, Gu Ning had to give it a try.

Travel in time?

As a cultivator, Jing Yunyao understood that there were many unbelievable things in this world, but she wasn’t familiar with time-traveling. However, she didn’t think it was impossible just because it sounded strange to her.

When Gu Ning told Jing Yunyao that she traveled back in time and they would meet in the future, Jing Yunyao was astonished. She wasn’t fully convinced, but wasn’t completely doubtful either. Whether it was the truth or not, she really wanted to get her memories back.

Because of that, she had to agree to help Gu Ning.

Therefore, Jing Yunyao agreed to go to the capital to help Gu Ning, and also warned Gu Ning not to fool her, or she would punish her.

Jing Yunyao was in the Yuan Ying Period right now, and there were only a few cultivators who were at a higher level than her, so she wasn’t afraid of Gu Ning.

Upon thinking that he was going to see his mother soon, Leng Shaoting got nervous.

They had been apart for fifteen years and the affection between them was much weaker, but they were related by blood, so he couldn’t control his emotions.

In the meanwhile, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting stayed at Xianyun Mountain.

They originally planned to go to pick Jing Yunyao up at the airport after she arrived, but Jing Yunyao rejected. She told them to choose a place for their meeting.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting understood that Jing Yunyao was very cautious, so they agreed and waited for her at Xianyun Mountain.

Although Jing Yunyao wouldn’t arrive until that night, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting didn’t want to go anywhere now. So, they stayed at Xianyun Mountain.

Leng Shaoting seized the chance and asked Gu Ning more about Jing Yunyao. Gu Ning told him everything, so Leng Shaoting learned more about Jing Yunyao.

After knowing the story, Leng Shaoting felt sad. He was sorry for Jing Yunyao and began to hate the Jing family.

…

When Jing Yunyao arrived at Xianyun Mountain, it was completely dark, because she needed to take a five hour flight to get to the capital from City Ge and it took about one and half hours to reach Xianyun Mountain from the airport.

She took the circular road around the city, so it was actually fast. If she took the roads through the city, it would take two or three hours.

Because Xianyun Mountain was a scenic spot, there was a commercial district at the foot of the mountain. There were all kinds of businesses like hotels, restaurants, and so on with many visitors, so it wasn’t strange that Jing Yunyao came here late at night.

If no one stayed there, the taxi driver might refuse to drive Jing Yunyao here.

If it was the wilderness and she came alone, the taxi driver might think that she was a female ghost or something. It was scary, and the taxi driver might be frightened.

After getting out of the car, Jing Yunyao needed to go to the parking lot before Xianyun Mountain through the commercial district which was a hundred meters long. Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting were waiting for her in a car.

Right after Jing Yunyao got off the plane, she kept observing the surroundings to see if there was anything wrong.

Although she found nothing wrong along the way, she stayed alert, because there could be a trap anywhere. It might even be set at Xianyun Mountain!

Once Jing Yunyao showed up at the parking lot, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting saw her.

The moment Leng Shaoting saw Jing Yunyao, he was struck dumb. Filled with excitement, he had an impulse to rush to her, but Gu Ning had told him that Jing Yunyao had lost her memories. Jing Yunyao didn’t know him, so he had to control himself.

Since Jing Yunyao was here, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting also got out of their car. When they got out of the car, Jing Yunyao noticed them and turned to look at them.

There was a distance of twenty meters between them. It was dim around, but Jing Yunyao could still recognize them immediately.

When she saw Leng Shaoting, Jing Yunyao stiffened a little, because she felt his appearance was familiar and strange. However, she was sure that she had never seen him before. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Jing Yunyao couldn’t figure out why right now, so she gave it up for the time being. She knew it was the girl who called her, so she directly walked to Gu Ning.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting walked towards her as well.

After they were closer, Gu Ning greeted Jing Yunyao. “Nice to see you, Mrs. Jing, I’m Gu Ning.”

“Nice to see you too, Miss Gu,” said Jing Yunyao, but she couldn’t help glancing at Leng Shaoting next to Gu Ning.