Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2370 - Very Sensitive

Although Lin Sisi was easily attracted to handsome men and paid little attention to details, she wasn't dumb and soon figured the whole thing out.

Gu Ning also turned to stare at Lin Sisi and Qin Xiaoyun. After seeing Qin Xiaoyun's guilty expression, she immediately realized what had happened. However, she said nothing.

"Sisi, don't listen to him. I didn't…" Qin Xiaoyun explained it to Lin Sisi at once in case Lin Sisi cut off the friendship with her.

After all, Lin Sisi was from a rich family, while her family had nothing special. Because of Lin Sisi, she was able to meet quality men from high society.

Although Qin Xiaoyun relied on Lin Sisi to meet quality men, she still schemed against her because she was jealous of Lin Sisi.

"He didn't say it's you. Why are you nervous? Are you guilty?" Lin Sisi coldly asked Qin Xiaoyun.

Although she believed that Qin Xiaoyun deliberately embarrassed her and she was very mad at Qin Xiaoyun, she didn't lose her temper in public. She was reluctant to damage her image.

"I…" Qin Xiaoyun didn't know what to say.

"Let's go now."

Leaving Lin Sisi and Qin Xiaoyun behind, Gu Ning pulled Leng Shaoting away.

Upon seeing Gu Ning holding Leng Shaoting's hand, Lin Sisi and Qin Xiaoyun were sure that they were a couple.

Qin Xiaoyun felt that it was Leng Shaoting who made her dirty her image, but she didn't dare to blame him for that because he was Gu Ning's boyfriend.

Lin Sisi felt nothing when Leng Shaoting was gone, but she was very disappointed at Qin Xiaoyun. "Qin Xiaoyun, how could you do that to me? I told you to stop. Why wouldn't you listen? I thought you didn't mean it, but now I suddenly realize you've done such a thing to me many times before. If you really care about me, would you ignore my feelings again and again?"

"Sisi, please let me explain. I didn't…" Qin Xiaoyun still tried to win Lin Sisi's trust.

"No need. I'm not an idiot. I didn't take it seriously because I trusted you. I could tolerate your mistakes, but now I don't think we should continue to be friends. So, stay away from me as of today." Lin Sisi was unwilling to talk to Qin Xiaoyun any longer, so she directly interrupted and quickly walked away.

"Sisi…" Qin Xiaoyun wanted to catch up, but she clearly knew that Lin Sisi didn't want to be her friend any longer. If so, she thought it was meaningless to explain or beg for Lin Sisi's forgiveness.

"So what! I don't need your money. There are a lot of people who are richer than you in this world," said Qin Xiaoyun angrily in humiliation, watching Li Sis's retreating back.

Although she seemed to disdain Lin Sisi, she was actually jealous of the rich. If she really thought Lin Sisi wasn't important, she wouldn't have made friends with her and wouldn't dream about marrying into a rich family through her.

She just got angry because she felt humiliated.

…

When Gu Ning and the others left, they went directly to the airport. Leng Shaoting drove the car, Gu Ning sat on the front passenger's seat, while Jiang Liluo and Si Jin sat on the rear seats.

"Did they go first?" Gu Ning asked.

"Yeah, they went there before us," said Leng Shaoting.

"How about Xin Bei?" Gu Ning asked. Xin Bei was supposed to visit the Cao family today, so Leng Shaoting should let him free.

Gu Ning understood that Leng Shaoting was very sensitive, but she was afraid that he might not think of that.

Leng Shaoting understood Gu Ning's concern, so he said, "Xin Bei went back to Huafu Hills after driving me to the hotel. He's going to visit the Cao family today, so I won't make him leave with us."

Hearing that, Gu Ning was satisfied.

About an hour later, they arrived at the airport. Because of Leng Shaoting's officer certificate, they could go through the special passage and directly drive the car nearest to the plane. However, they still needed to have a security check for public safety. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Jiang Liluo and Si Jin carried their swords with them, so Leng Shaoting explained that they were antiques after which they could take them into the flight.

Although Jiang Liluo and Si Jin had already seen photos of the plane, they were still amazed when they saw it with their own eyes. After all, it could fly and was even faster than Shangguan Yang's flying sword.

Ai Weishun and his comrades had escorted the criminals into the plane. So when Leng Shaoting and the others came, they directly boarded.

After they were aboard, Gu Ning turned around and left.

When Ai Weishun and his comrades saw Leng Shaoting coming with Jiang Liluo and Si Jin, they were slightly surprised because they didn't know that Leng Shaoting left to pick them up. Even if Leng Shaoting went to pick them up, it wasn't a big deal.

However, when Ma Shibiao and his men saw Jiang Liluo and Si Jin, they were scared. They had witnessed Jiang Liluo and Si Jin's abilities, and knew that they weren't ordinary people. Unfortunately, their mouths were gagged, so they couldn't make any sounds.

They tried to struggle, but their limbs were handcuffed, so it was useless.

When Jiang Liluo and Si Jin saw Ma Shibiao and his men, they were expressionless.

Ai Weishun and Zhao Weixian were aware that they were people with superpowers, so they weren't afraid at all. After all, they were friendly towards them.

"Hi!" Ai Weishun greeted Jiang Liluo and Si Jin first.

"Nice to see you," Zhao Weixian and Tao Lin said.

"Nice to see you too," said Jiang Liluo and Si Jin.

After that, Leng Shaoting arranged for them to have a seat and reminded them to fasten their safety belts.

Gu Ning had taught them in the car earlier, so they were able to do it now.

After they were all seated, the plane took off on time.

As it drove, it gradually accelerated, which scared Jiang Liluo and Si Jin a little, but they soon calmed down.

After a while, the plane was about to leave the ground. Jiang Liluo and Si Jin felt as if they were losing their balance, so they subconsciously stiffened and got nervous.

They didn't get used to it until the plane stabilized in the air.