Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2373 - Wedding Date

It shocked everyone that Cao Wenxin was pregnant and they all had mixed emotions.

They weren't mad, because they were open-minded and supported Cao Wenxin and Xin Bei when they were together. However, Cao Wenxin got pregnant before they married, which wasn't good news.

Xin Bei continued. "And second, I hope you can allow me to marry Wenxin. I know it's my fault that I got her pregnant before we got married. No matter how mad you are at me, I know it's my fault and I accept your blame. I promise I truly love Wenxin and I really want to marry her. Please allow us to marry. I'm busy with work, but I'll do my best to spend as much time with Wenxin as possible. I'll treat Wenxin to the best of my ability."

No one said anything, and all turned to look at Cao Ruihua and Tang Yunrong. They were Cao Wenxin's parents, so they should make the decision.

It was indeed not good that Cao Wenxin had a premarital pregnancy, but it already happened. The Cao family was satisfied with Xin Bei and Xin Bei had a very sincere attitude, so it was the best choice to let them marry.

After being silent for a while, Cao Ruihua released a deep sigh, then said seriously, "I will never approve of a premarital pregnancy, but it has already happened. So it's meaningless to criticize you for that now. I can't force Wenxin to have an abortion. It's not good for her health and I don't want to separate you two. As a father, all I want is for my kids to be happy. Given the current situation, you should marry as soon as possible. Don't delay it till Wenxin's belly becomes too large or the baby is born."

Cao Ruihua was dissatisfied with Cao Wenxin's premarital pregnancy, but it had already happened, so he didn't want to waste time criticizing them.

Hearing that, Xin Bei and Cao Wenxin were greatly relieved and excited.

Cao Ruihua continued. "Although you two should get married as soon as possible, Xin Bei should still prepare the betrothal gift for the marriage."

The Cao family didn't lack money and they would prepare a lot of dowries for their marriage, but Xin Bei must show his sincerity according to their custom.

After all, the Cao family enjoyed a high status, so the betrothal gift couldn't be little. Even though it was just a ceremony and all the gifts would be given to the young couple, the Cao family still wanted Cao Wenxin to have a grand wedding.

"Of course!" said Xin Bei. He surely didn't want Cao Wenxin to feel aggrieved, so he would give her the best he could. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Normally parents should handle that, but Xin Bei doesn't have parents. We're his closest relatives, so I think we can do that for him," said Xin Bei's uncle.

They knew that Xin Bei wanted to marry Cao Wenxin, but they didn't expect to hear that Cao Wenxin was already pregnant.

"Great," said Tang Yunrong.

At this moment, Tang Yunrong had mixed emotions.

When Cao Wenxin was single, they always wanted her to have a boyfriend. After she had a boyfriend, they hoped that they could love each other and get married. However, when they were really going to marry, they suddenly felt reluctant to see Cao Wenxin leave them.

In fact, most parents had the same feelings. It was their beloved daughter and she was going to leave them now. No parents could accept that. However, no matter how unwilling they were, it would happen sooner or later.

Xin Bei didn't have parents, and he was very busy at work, so Cao Wenxin would still live with her parents after they got married. She was pregnant after all, and needed to be taken care of. And when she delivered, she needed even more care.

Because Xin Bei didn't have parents, he didn't have a fixed abode. Therefore the Cao family asked him to buy a house in City B.

Although Xin Bei had a house in the capital, he was too busy to take good care of Cao Wenxin. If Cao Wenxin moved to live with him in the capital, nobody would look after her. Therefore, it was better for them to buy a house in City B.

Cao Wenxin owned many houses, but people might have negative opinions about Xin Bei if he moved in to live with his wife after they got married. For the sake of Xin Bei's reputation, the Cao family asked him to buy a new house for their future.

Xin Bei agreed without hesitation. Given his abilities, it couldn't be easier for him to buy a good house in City B.

The Cao family was aware of that, so they made that request. If he couldn't afford a house, the Cao family would help him secretly, but he had to stand out and pay for it on his own.

Xin Bei didn't have a car, because he normally drove the team's car. Therefore, the Cao family also asked him to prepare a good car.

Xin Bei also agreed at once.

As for the betrothal gift, because Xin Bei already agreed to buy a new house and a new car, the Cao family didn't ask him for much money. It was just a part of the custom, so the Cao family would take his money.

Xin Bei was a soldier who wasn't born in a powerful family, so he wouldn't be very rich. If the Cao family asked him for too much money, Xin Bei wouldn't be able to afford it. Therefore, they only asked Xin Bei to prepare a million yuan.

Normally, families of power didn't prefer a luxurious wedding. Only families in business were interested in luxury.

They had to arrange the wedding as soon as possible, but there were a lot of preparations to be done, so it took at least half a month to a month.

The New Year festival was about a month away, so they had to finish the wedding before the holiday. Therefore, they decided on the date twenty-two days later, which was a good day.

Xin Bei couldn't get leave from now till their wedding was over, so he had to talk about that with the Cao family.

He could only have maternity leave for half a month, so he planned to take wedding photos, and buy their wedding gowns and rings with Cao Wenxin in the following two days. After that, he would go back to work at the military base.

It was cold, so they decided to buy traditional, thick wedding gowns. They could put on more pieces of clothing inside to keep themselves warm.

They would hold their wedding indoors due to the low temperature. The Huangdeng Hotel was their obvious choice.

Xin Bei could take his maternity leave a week before their wedding. His annual leave was also a week long so he would have enough time to finish his wedding and celebrate the New Year festival with his family.

Because the Red Flame was different from other military teams, they couldn't have days off during any holidays. Even if they had to leave, they could only do it in turns. They couldn't be absent all together.. There might be sudden tasks, and it was their duty to protect their country.