Chapter 2382 - You're The Unreasonable One

"Shen Liang, I'm not dumb. I know that you agreed with your mother. Don't lie to my face and say that you know nothing about it. It's ridiculous. After living with you for a year, I clearly know how you really think of me. I tolerated it for the sake of an intact family. I know that your family values boys over girls, but I thought that you wouldn't hurt the baby because it's related to you. However, it turns out that I was wrong. I couldn't believe that you would rather kill it!" said Shu Fangyi.

"Fangyi, don't get me wrong. I don't want to kill the baby. If I had that idea, I would have told you to have an abortion. I honestly had no idea about my mother's behavior today. It was my mother's idea." Shen Liang explained.

"You did try to force me to have an abortion, but your father stopped you." Shu Fangyi sneered.

"I admit that I value boys over girls, but I've changed my mind. I accepted the baby and I even thought of a name for her," said Shen Liang.

"It doesn't mean anything! You just did it for fun. You don't want me to divorce you because you want my manor. I'm telling you it's impossible for you to take it away from me!" Shu Fangyi shouted emotionally.

"Fangyi." Shen Liang suddenly didn't know what to do. He didn't expect Shu Fangyi to see through him.

"Alright, let's get divorced tomorrow. If you're willing to be cooperative, we can finish it harmoniously. I'll only take away my belongings. I don't want a cent from your family. I also need you to sign an agreement to cut off your relationship with my daughter. My daughter will have the same surname as me. She'll have no relationship with your family and I won't tell her anything about you after she grows up," said Shu Fangyi.

"If you don't agree, I think we can only talk about it in court. If so, I'll take away my belongings and the compensation. Your mother brought some people and tried to take my baby from me. If I call the police and sue her, she'll be punished for threatening the baby's life. Your family's reputation will be ruined by then."

Shu Fangyi was obviously threatening Shen Liang.

It was what Gu Ning told her to do. After all, the baby was fine now, so the Shen family wouldn't pay a high price for that even if they called the police. They would only be held in detention for a few days and pay a compensation of a few thousand yuan.

On the other hand, with that bargaining chip, Shu Fangyi could force Shen Liang to get a divorce and solve the problem as soon as possible.

Actually, if they really took it to court, it would also be troublesome. Shu Fangyi just gave birth to the baby, so she needed time to make a recovery. Besides, there might be new problems after she leaves the hospital.

"You…" Shen Liang felt cornered. If the drama spread abroad, it would indeed damage the Shen family's reputation. Their family's business could be affected too, which was a terrible result.

Most importantly, Gu Ning was with Shu Fangyi here, so he didn't dare to do anything.

Shen Liang blamed Shu Fangyi for being so lucky. Shu Fangyi luckily met Gu Ning and Gu Ning helped her out.

"Who told you I want your manor? My family isn't poor. Why should I steal your manor?" Shen Liang refused to admit it and pretended that he couldn't care less about Shu Fangyi's manor.

"Then do you care about me or the baby? Do you think I'll trust you given what I've just been through? The baby's been born for a week, but you barely came to see her. Every time you showed up, I could see that you dislike her. Don't tell me you're busy. I know you always have free time. I think you should stop wasting time persuading me, because I don't buy a word you say," said Shu Fangyi.

Shen Liang was awkward, but was reluctant to give up. "Do you have to do this? Can't you give me another chance? Do you have to let the baby have no father?"

"Stop talking about the baby. If it hadn't been for Miss Gu, the baby could have been killed or sent away. You're not a qualified father. In fact, I can sue your family for human trafficking. In that case, you'll be severely punished!" said Shu Fangyi.

Hearing that, Shen Liang was scared and suddenly realized that he knew very little about Shu Fangyi.

He thought that she would only be mad for a while after the baby was sent away, but unexpectedly she seemed determined to put them in jail.

"If you agree to divorce, I won't sue you for what your family has done to me today. Anyway, I won't lose anything if we have to take it to court," said Shu Fangyi.

Shen Liang fell into silence. It was a very difficult decision.

After being silent for a few seconds, Shen Liang said, "I need some time. I'll reply to you tomorrow."

"If I don't receive your reply before 12 pm tomorrow, I'll see you in court," said Shu Fangyi.

After that, Shen Liang walked out and Shu Fangyi sank to the bed. She was completely exhausted now.

It was very tiring, but she had to be strong, or she wouldn't be able to protect her baby against the Shen family!

"How is it? Did she agree?"

Senior Mrs. Shen immediately asked Shen Liang once he walked out.

"Shu Fangyi is determined to divorce. She says if I don't agree, she'll sue me," said Shen Liang in disappointment. If Shu Fangyi divorced him, his family couldn't get the manor. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"What? She still wants to divorce after you tried to please her? How could she be so unreasonable?" Senior Mrs. Shen was mad. She thought that Shu Fangyi wouldn't divorce her son as long as her son came.

"You're the unreasonable one here!" The moment Senior Mrs. Shen finished, Gu Ning showed up at the door. She coldly said, "If your mother-in-law wants to send your baby away and even tries to kill your baby, your husband dislikes your baby and only wants to steal your property, would you be willing to accept that and give them your property?"

"I…" Senior Mrs. Shen didn't know what to say. If she were the daughter-in-law, she surely wouldn't do that. She could only blame Shu Fangyi for being unreasonable because she wasn't the victim.

"Mom, let's talk about it at home." Shen Liang was unwilling to embarrass himself in public, so he pulled his mother away.

Senior Mrs. Shen didn't want to leave, but she could do nothing about it even if she stayed.. She was also afraid of Gu Ning, so she had to leave in the end.