Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2658: Kill Myself to Make up for It

“There is a rule in the cultivation world. Cultivators can’t marry mortals, but I still chose to be together with Yuanhan. My father found out about it afterwards. Although it’s not allowed according to the rules, it wasn’t required that I be killed just because of that. I would only be punished and lose my abilities before being chased out of the cultivation world.”

“I chose to be deprived of my abilities and become an ordinary person, but my father didn’t give me that chance. He felt that I greatly humiliated him, so he vented his anger on me. Yuanhan was dragged into it because of me. If it hadn’t been for me, he wouldn’t have been killed.”

Saying that, Jing Yunyao cried as she was filled with pain and self blame.

“Because my cousin found out that my father wanted to kill me, he came after me. But it was too late and he could only save me. After I survived, I lost my memories, so I couldn’t take revenge for Yuanhan. I injured my father today by depriving his abilities and breaking his legs. He’s disabled from now on, but I didn’t have the heart to kill him, so the revenge isn’t completely done. Actually, if I didn’t have Shaoting, I would kill myself to make up for it.”

Jing Yunyao wasn’t just saying it, she really had that thought.

Although it had been seventeen years, it was just a year for Jing Yunyao. Because she lost her memories, and only remembered what had happened to her after she regained them. As a result, Jing Yunyao suffered from mental anguish all the time.

For many nights, she cried because she missed Leng Yuanhan badly.

“Nonsense, you don’t need to feel guilty at all. It might have been caused by you, but you didn’t want it to happen either.” Master Leng stopped Jing Yunyao when she said that she wanted to kill herself because she felt guilty.

It was hard for Master Leng to accept the fact that Jing Yunyao’s father had killed his son and he slightly blamed Jing Yunyao for it. After all, it was his son, his favorite son, who had been killed.

No matter how much he approved of Jing Yunyao as his daughter-in-law, she was hardly comparable to his biological son. Therefore, it was understandable that he blamed Jing Yunyao for it. It would be strange if he wasn’t affected at all. It was his biological son after all!

However, he wouldn’t hate Jing Yunyao, because she didn’t do it on purpose. And she paid her father back.

Jing Yunyao didn’t kill her father, because it was her biological father. If she really killed him, she would be no different from him.

Although it was Jing Yunyao’s father who wanted to kill them first, Jing Yunyao would be criticized if she killed her father afterwards.

It had also been seventeen years, so Master Leng had already gotten over Leng Yuanhan’s death.

If he learned about the truth right after the accident happened, he would surely have criticized Jing Yunyao angrily and there might be estrangement between them, but Jing Yunyao was also a victim who survived the accident, and she did her best to make up for it.

Master Leng wasn’t a stubborn and unreasonable person, so he wouldn’t stay away from Jing Yunyao even though he blamed her for what happened.

No matter what, Jing Yunyao was his grandson’s mother, so he hoped that she could live a good life.

If anything bad happened to her again, Leng Shaoting would be hurt. He didn’t want Leng Shaoting to suffer that pain again.

“Dad, I’m sorry, I don’t know what to say right now. I didn’t want to disappoint you…” said Jing Yunyao, filled with sadness and guilt. She didn’t know how to face Master Leng.

“Alright, I’m sad too after knowing the truth, but it has already happened. It’s meaningless to argue over it now. I don’t blame you. Don’t burden yourself. I don’t want Shaoting to be worried,” said Master Leng.

Even though he was a little mad at Jing Yunyao, he wouldn’t say it. He only hoped that Jing Yunyao wouldn’t be mentally burdened and could live her life in the future.

If she blamed herself and lived in guilt afterwards, she wouldn’t be happy.

Anyway, Jing Yunyao couldn’t help but blame herself. Master Leng’s generosity made her feel even guiltier.

However, at that moment, she didn’t know what to say.

After that, they said nothing further and went out.

Jing Yunyao just cried, so her eyes were red and swollen. So in order to not let the other people notice, she treated herself with magical power.

After they went out, Jing Yunyao and the others left. They knew Master Leng was in a bad mood and needed some time alone.

It was true that Master Leng was very sad and needed some time to be alone. He went out to the hall just because Shangguan Yang was in the living room. Shangguan Yang was the guest, so he needed to walk him out. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Jing Yunyao and the others were gone, Master Leng directly went back to the study. Leng Yuanzhen and the others also saw that he was in a bad mood, so they didn’t ask further about it.

Gu Ning and the others heard Jing Yunyao’s conversation with Master Leng in the study, so they understood that it was hard for Master Leng to accept it even though he said he wouldn’t blame Jing Yunyao.

It was very normal, and they felt sorry for Master Leng.

Unfortunately, no one could change it, so they only hoped that Jing Yunyao and Master Leng could get over it as soon as possible.

When Jing Yunyao and the others left, they took Jing Yunyan away, but they dumped him halfway. They had no intention of letting him rest somewhere.

Because they didn’t plan to kill him, they were unwilling to keep him, but before they let him go, they injured him and broke one of his hands, which was the price he paid for what he had done to the Leng family.

If Jing Yunyan succeeded, he would definitely have been killed, but he failed, so he was left alive.