Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2679: Feeling Slightly Guilty ??

Seeing Jing Yunyao and the others, Leng Shaoming exchanged greetings with them with a big smile.

After hearing what had happened to Leng Yuanqian, his father, he became even more grateful to Gu Ning. Gu Ning had saved his life and his father’s life! Therefore, he looked at Gu Ning with deep gratitude.

Although Leng Shaoting understood that Leng Shaoming was just grateful to Gu Ning, he still got jealous when he stared so intently at Gu Ning. As a result, he hid Gu Ning behind him and looked at Leng Shaoming with dissatisfaction.

Leng Shaoming wasn’t mad and just rubbed his nose with embarrassment. The other people, however, felt amused, but they didn’t think it was too much.

Jing Yunyao and the others also greeted the Leng family before sitting down.

A short while later, Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning were interrupted by Leng Shaoxun and Leng Shaoxi.

Leng Shaoxun wanted Leng Shaoting to teach him more skills, while Leng Shaoxi wanted to talk to Gu Ning privately.

Because the seniors were chatting, Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning left separately with Leng Shaoxun and Leng Shaoxi.

It couldn’t be more obvious that Leng Shaoxun and Leng Shaoxi loved Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning a lot. Once Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning came, they became active and excited. On the other hand, when Leng Shaoming got back, they barely said anything to him except for greetings.

To be frank, Leng Shaoming was a little unhappy about that.

...

He didn’t blame Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning, but wondered what he had done wrong. Why were his own cousins not close to him?

In fact, Leng Shaoxun and Leng Shaoxi liked Leng Shaoming, because he was a good brother. At least they hadn’t seen him pick on Leng Shaoting before. Even when Jiang Shuyuan and Leng Shaojia found fault with Leng Shaoting, Leng Shaoming would stand out to stop them, but he had an unpleasant mother and younger sister. They disliked Jiang Shuyuan and Leng Shaojia, so they couldn’t get close to Leng Shaoming either.

Leng Shaoting looked cold, but he was actually very easy-going and treated them very well through his actions.

In addition, after knowing about Leng Shaoting’s experience, they tended to be closer to him.

However, Jiang Shuyuan changed her attitude now, so they hated her less, but it was still hard for them to like her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After Leng Shaoxi mysteriously pulled Gu Ning to her room, she closed the door and said, “Ningning, I know you care a lot about friendship. Whenever your friends have trouble, you won’t hesitate to help them out. So, can you do me a favor?”

“What is it?” Gu Ning asked with a serious expression.

“Here is the thing. Anna challenged a woman to drink this weekend. According to what I know about the woman, she’s really good at drinking. I’m afraid Anna will lose. However, I remembered your magical medicine. Can you give me a pill? I’ll give it to Anna, in case she gets drunk too quickly at that time. They have an agreement that the loser must call herself bi*ch three times, and I don’t want Anna to humiliate herself,” said Leng Shaoxi.

Gu Anna wasn’t familiar with Leng Shaoxi at the beginning, but they knew each other. Ever since Xu Qinyin fell in love, Gu Anna spent little time with her. Most of the time, Xu Qinyin went out on dates, so Gu Anna spent more time with Leng Shaoxi so they now had a close relationship.

Hearing Leng Shaoxi’s words, Gu Ning put on a resigned look. She thought something terrible happened, but it was just a drinking challenge.

“Sure,” said Gu Ning. Then she took out a porcelain bottle with three power crystals and handed it to Leng Shaoxi. “There are three pills inside. She only needs to take one before drinking. I can’t be sure that she won’t get drunk no matter how much she drinks, but I can promise that the woman will be drunk before her. You can keep the other two pills, but don’t take them easily. Ask me before you take them. I’m not being mean, but you can’t use this medicine randomly.”

“Alright, I understand. Ningning, you’re the best!” Leng Shaoxi took the porcelain bottle and gave Gu Ning a big hug of excitement.

…

On the day of the birthday party, the Tang family came from City B, so Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning went to pick them up.

The Zhan family also came and Leng Shaoming went to pick them up.

Leng Shaoming and Zhan Zhiyin weren’t together yet, but they got along very well. So when Zhan Zhiyin learned that Zhan Daosong would come to celebrate Master Leng’s birthday, she asked to come too. She couldn’t wait to see Leng Shaoming.

During these days, they rarely saw each other, so she ached to see him even though they stayed in touch by phone.

After Zhan Zhiyin boarded the plane, Leng Shaoming went to the airport. He waited at the airport for an hour and a half before the plane Zhan Zhiyin was on finally landed.

…

Tang Haifeng and Tang Yunfan came on behalf of the Tang family. Gu Man had already recovered, but the baby was too little, so she didn’t come.

Although there was a babysitter to take care of the baby and Gu Man didn’t need to be worried, she was the mother so she didn’t want to leave her baby.

Tang Yunhang couldn’t leave either. Jiang Lihua also needed to work, but she would go to visit with Gu Man after work.

Honestly, it was enough for just Master Tang and Tang Yunfan to come.

After picking up Tang Haifeng and Tang Yunfan, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting went straight to the Leng family’s house. Leng Shaoming came back later with Zhan Daosong and Zhan Zhiyin.

Although the party would be held in the afternoon and the guests wouldn’t come until then, they were very familiar with each other, so it was fine if they came earlier.

Tang Haifeng, Tang Yunfan, and Zhan Daosong were very familiar with one another. After all, one was a tycoon in business, while the other was an important figure in the military. Both of them had a lot of influence, they just hadn’t met before.

Tang Haifeng, Zhan Daosong and Master Leng were the same kind of people, so they had a lot in common although this was their first meeting. No one disdained the others.

Shortly after Tang Haifeng and Zhan Daosong came, Master Xu and Master Jiang also arrived. Cai Qinghua followed them too.

Seeing Cai Qinghua, Gu Ning felt a little uneasy. She was always absent from classes and now the principal caught her out of the school, so she felt slightly guilty.

Nevertheless, she still needed to greet him respectfully. “Welcome, principal.”