Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2727: An Accident Happened at the Construction Site

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Afterwards, Leng Shaoting reported everything to Wei Lingfeng.

Hearing that Leng Shaoting had been able to destroy the lab and most of the ninjas and mutants, Wei Lingfeng was astonished.

People with superpowers were indeed unbelievably strong!

Although Leng Shaoting and the others had made great contributions this time, the bonus wasn’t much, because the matter about the ninjas and mutants couldn’t be recorded, not to mention letting others know about it.

If outsiders knew about it and spread the news, it would not only cause a public panic, it could also cause serious trouble for Leng Shaoting, his comrades or their families.

Therefore, even if the bonus was small, Leng Shaoting and the others had no complaints. They didn’t do tasks for the bonus anyway, they mostly did it because it was their responsibility.

Although it was said that work was for wages, in addition to wages, they also had a sense of responsibility to protect their family and their country. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

They couldn’t get a lot of bonuses for unrecorded and secret tasks, but they didn’t care.

When they carried out a task, as long as the criminals’ assets were confiscated, they could keep half of it and share it.

Wei Lingfeng gave them the power, because the tasks the Red Flame did often couldn’t be made public.

…

At 5 pm, Leng Shaoting and the others checked out and went to the airport.

In the afternoon, other people noticed the strange island.

......

Although the island was relatively remote, there were still boats passing by, so some people saw the raging fire and called the police.

At the beginning, no one knew that it was an explosion. However, after some investigation, they smelled the explosives and discovered that an explosion had just occurred.

Due to the smell of explosives, they quickly found the underground room.

The fire started because of the explosion, but the things in the laboratory weren’t completely burned to ashes, especially the iron instruments and the charred corpses.

Few people knew about the research on mutant genes, but the current situation made people wonder if this was an organization that trafficked human organs. It was really scary!

Human-trafficking was unacceptable in every country, so they reported it to the government at once.

It attracted a lot of attention, and the government immediately sent people to conduct an investigation.

Because the leader of the organization was reluctant to have any connections to this accident, he didn’t stop the government from conducting an investigation. If he stood out, he would arouse people’s suspicions.

Even though he could build an illegal organization and had a lot of power, it didn’t mean he could do anything he wanted.

However, he might not be out of trouble yet, because he didn’t know whether he was the target of the explosion.

Although he didn’t stand out to stop the investigation, he was still afraid that he might get dragged into trouble.

However, for the time being, he was safe.

His force made of ninjas and mutants wasn’t destroyed yet, but he suffered a great loss. Only seven ninjas and five mutants that weren’t in the lab had survived.

Unfortunately, most of the research professors were also killed. Even if he wanted to rise again, it wouldn’t be easy! It was difficult to make mutants, the probability was only about 4% or 5%.

In other words, if a hundred people were used for research, only one to five might be successful. And there were the standards for their guinea-pigs. Their physique and perseverance had to be very strong, otherwise they could easily die after they were injected with the mutant gene.

For those who died in the process, they would all be cremated to avoid being discovered.

Because the public didn’t know the real situation of the laboratory, they all believed that it was trafficking of human bodies and organs. They hated such crimes, so they felt relieved after the bombing.

The media also reported on it.

…

Gu Ning and the others didn’t pay more attention to it. They were already on the plane flying back to the capital.

The man who tried to pay Gu Ning back did nothing further. Even though he was reluctant to accept the result, Gu Ning was too strong so he had to give in.

Leng Shaoting and the others were still disguised. Only Gu Ning, Jing Yunyao, and Shangguan Yang used their real faces. If Leng Shaoting and his comrades used their real faces, they might be targeted by the leader of the organization.

The Red Flame needed to do tasks abroad, so they had several identities. This time, they were businessmen. No one would be suspicious of them even if they were investigated.

Gu Ning was also a businesswoman, while Shangguan Yang and Jing Yunyao were normal citizens, so they were safe.

When Gu Ning and the others got back to the capital, it was almost 11 pm. Once they were back in the capital, Leng Shaoting told Xu Jinchen and the others to leave, and he returned to the siheyuan with Gu Ning.

He could take a few days off after finishing the task.

Actually, Leng Shaoting wanted to spend a night with Gu Ning, but it was too late. He didn’t know what excuse he could use, so he didn’t take Gu Ning out alone. Tonight, they would just stay in the siheyuan.

Since Leng Shaoting was with her, Gu Ning didn’t go to class. She didn’t behave like a student, but nobody would judge her.

Even though Gu Ning didn’t go to school, she was still busy. The next day after she came home, An Guangyao called her and said that an accident happened at one of Shenghua Real Estate’s construction sites.

As the executive of Shenghua Real Estate, An Guangyao should deal with it, but Gu Ning was the boss, so he had to report it to her.

Besides, it was a serious issue this time.

Most importantly, it was a scheme, and An Guangyao couldn’t handle it alone. He didn’t want to damage the good reputation which Shenghua Real Estate had built.

A five-story building suddenly collapsed at Shenghua Real Estate’s construction site in City D, injuring many people. However, it was found that the bricks used by Shenghua Real Estate were substandard.