Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2890 To Travel

Even though they lived together like a couple, it was still different after they got the marriage certificate, because it meant they were a legal couple from now on. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Now, Gu Ning was his legal wife.

Leng Shaoting couldn’t wait to kiss and hug Gu Ning and call her his wife loudly!

Gu Ning was also very happy, because it indeed felt different now that they finally had the marriage certificate. Therefore, she had a happy smile on her face the entire time.

Their friends were also happy for them.

“Man, although everyone says it’s hard for a mother-in-law and a daughter-in-law to get along well with each other, I promise I’ll treat Ningning like my own daughter. Ningning is such a good girl. I really cherish her!” Jing Yunyao said to Gu Man. Even though she had said it many times before, she was willing to repeat it once more. After all, Gu Ning was her legal daughter-in-law now, and she wanted to show her love for Gu Ning.

After getting along with each other for years, Gu Man knew that Jing Yunyao was a very nice person, so she believed Jing Yunyao’s words.

She wasn’t sure what would happen in the future, but she believed that Gu Ning could protect herself even if Jing Yunyao treated her badly.

Gu Ning was tolerant, but she had her limits. If anyone dared to take advantage of her, she wouldn’t tolerate it.

She loved Leng Shaoting and was willing to do anything for him, but she would give him up if he wanted her to tolerate unreasonable treatments.

On the other hand, if she made a mistake, she would apologize and accept their criticisms.

“I trust you, but if Ningning does anything wrong, please don’t hesitate to criticize her. Don’t spoil her,” Gu Man said. She obviously hoped that Gu Ning could be loved, but she also wanted her to be mature.

No matter what, love only existed when they cared about each other.

“Ningning is a very good girl,” Jing Yunyao said. She was extremely satisfied with Gu Ning and felt grateful to her.

…

After they arrived at Xiaoyao Mountain Villa, Gu Ning went to treat her friends and Tang Jiayu followed by her side.

At the beginning, Tang Jiayu was unfamiliar with her friends, so he didn’t dare to have fun with them, but gradually they got familiar, and he happily had fun with them.

He was only two and a half years old, so it was easy for other people to get familiar with him.

The dinner was the most important meal of a birthday party, so they had a simple lunch.

After having lunch, they began to prepare food for dinner and the setting.

Although it was dinner, it wouldn’t begin at about 6 pm, but 4 or 5 pm. Therefore, at 3 pm, Tang Haifeng and Master Leng came.

At about 4 pm, Tang Yunfan, Jiang Lihua, Tang Jiakai, Tang Jiayang, Tang Yunrong, Cao Wenxin and Xin Bei were present too.

Cao Wenrui and Tang Yunhang were busy, so they were absent.

Afterwards, Leng Shaoting’s comrades, the Xu family, and the Jiang family had mostly arrived.

They had a close relationship with either Gu Ning, Leng Shaoting, or Master Leng. The Leng family was going to celebrate two good events, so it was necessary for them to send congratulations.

It was a small party, but over a hundred people were invited.

Anyway, the house in Xiaoyao Mountain Villa was large enough to accommodate so many people.

Actually, the yard alone could accommodate over a thousand people.

It was the first time that Chu Peihan and the others had seen Master Leng in reality, so they got excited as soon as they saw him. After all, Master Leng had very special status.

They even took a picture with Master Leng after asking him.

It was not only Master Leng; they also took the picture with the other masters.

With their permission, they posted the pictures on their WeChat moments and Weibo, which aroused many people’s envy. People were surprised that they could meet such important figures.

At 6 pm, they had almost finished the meal, but the younger generation still wanted to have fun, so the elders went back home.

When the elders were gone, the youngsters were happier and chatted casually.

They didn’t separate till 10 pm.

Because there were servants, they didn’t need to care about the cleaning.

After sending everyone home, Gu Ning and her family went back to the Leng family’s house.

The Tang family stayed in the Leng family’s house tonight since they were going back home the next morning.

Once Master Leng and the others were back at the Leng family’s house, they talked about the wedding date. Shangguan Yang would pick it for them, because he knew which date was the best for Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting.

After their discussion, they set the wedding date on September 8th, which was two months away.

Therefore, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting would have enough time to take bridal photos.

Leng Shaoting had said to Gu Ning that he would take her to live by the sea for a few days if they had time. They could catch whatever she wanted to eat from the ocean, but unfortunately he was always occupied.

However, now that they were getting married, he finally had time, so he decided to fulfill his promise.

Therefore, Leng Shaoting checked his schedule and decided to set out next Monday. He would make all the arrangements this week and choose a good photographer.

In the blink of an eye, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting were about to go on their journey. Because both of them had magical spaces, they put everything in it. There was no need for them to carry other stuff. Gu Ning only took a bag as luggage.

The place they went to was Niguli Island. Although there were many good places at home, they felt it was more meaningful to travel abroad.

They boarded the plane at 10:50 pm. Because it took eight hours to fly from the capital to Niguli Island, if they set off at about 11:00 pm, it would be dawn when they arrived at their destination.

Moreover, the time difference between Niguli Island and their country was one hour. Their country was an hour faster than Niguli Island, so when they arrived at Niguli Island, it was 6 am.

It would take more than an hour for them to reach their destination, so they could have breakfast at that time.

However, flying for eight hours wouldn’t cause them any fatigue, so they could rest and hang out as they wanted.

It was night, but there were still a lot of passengers. Some of them recognized Gu Ning and secretly took photos of her.