Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2901 Can We Have a Private Chat?

If she broke up with Luo Yunze, she might not be able to meet such a quality man again. After all, Luo Yunze’s background was much better than hers.

Qin Youyou completely had lost her appetite, but she still forced herself to eat some food in order to not be found out by the others.

Although she ate little, she kept on eating. Luo Yunze would quarrel with her if he found out what she was thinking. At that time, he might break up with her in anger, which would be her loss.

Anyway, no matter how handsome or rich Leng Shaoting was, he wasn’t her husband and he already had a very outstanding wife so he wouldn’t have any interest in her.

!!

She was jealous of Gu Ning, but she could never become her.

Thinking of that, Qin Youyou felt much better.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting just had a large meal, so they weren’t able to eat a lot right now. Nevertheless, they didn’t order much and finished most of it, so it wasn’t a waste.

“Are you free tonight? Why don’t we hang out at the clubhouse? My treat,” Ren Weiming said when they had almost finished the meal.

Hearing that, Leng Shaoting didn’t answer right away, but turned to look at Gu Ning, asking for her opinion.

If Gu Ning wanted to go, he would go with her. As long as it wasn’t about work, he would always ask for Gu Ning’s opinion first.

Leng Shaoting’s behavior, however, surprised the others, because it proved how much he cared about Gu Ning.

“Why not!” Gu Ning replied. Anyway, they had nothing to deal with. Since it was his friend’s invitation, they ought to go. Otherwise, his friend would be embarrassed.

After that, they rested for a while before going to have fun together.

Both Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting could drink, so they drank a lot.

At 11 pm, they separated.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting were picked up by the same chauffeur and returned to the house by the sea.

…

Gano sent Iko to the hospital, but he didn’t wake up until 8 pm. Only his family took care of him.

Gano didn’t tell his family what he had done to save his face.

As for why he suddenly passed out, Gano explained that it was food poisoning.

After Silo and Tasha got back home, they couldn’t stop thinking about what had happened to them on the small island. They were full of fear.

In the middle of the night, they managed to fall asleep, but not long after, they were woken up again by a nightmare. They dreamed about a giant python coming to eat them alive. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

…

The next day at 2 pm, the photography team arrived. Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting weren’t in a rush to take wedding photos because they needed time to choose a beautiful scene. At the same time, they also wanted to have a tour around. It wasn’t easy for them to travel abroad and it was free.

Although there were beautiful scenes everywhere, they still needed to choose their favorite place. Therefore, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting walked around for the day.

After another day, they started taking the wedding photos.

Because they liked the ocean, they took photos near the house by the sea with an open island not far away.

Whenever they showed up among the crowd, they attracted a lot of attention. Everyone was amazed by their outstanding appearances. Some people even though they were models.

Because they were energetic, they didn’t feel tired, so within a day, they finished.

However, when they were taking photos, Leng Shaoting had almost the same expression from the beginning to the end. After all, he wasn’t an extrovert, so it was hard for him to be active and make different poses.

Anyway, Leng Shaoting and Gu Ning were still a perfect match in the photos. Both of them really enjoyed it.

Although there was only a faint smile on his face, his eyes were full of love.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting took four sets of wedding photos in all. Among them, Leng Shaoting wore a military uniform in two, including camouflage and a formal suit.

He was a soldier, so it was more meaningful for him to take wedding photos in a military uniform.

Leng Shaoting looked even more handsome in a military uniform. Even the photographer team was stunned by him.

Their boss’s husband was the best among quality men!

However, Gu Ning was also very outstanding among extraordinary girls, so they were a perfect match.

When Leng Shaoting took wedding photos in his military uniform, they avoided the crowd, in case it caused unnecessary trouble.

After taking the wedding photos, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting invited the photography team to a big meal.

The photography team could stay for two days before going home, after all, they flew a long distance to be here.

The photography team felt so lucky. They were blessed to have such a generous boss!

All the plane tickets, accommodation and meals were free. They barely spent any money during the trip. They only spent money when they needed to visit tourist attractions or if they wanted to buy some gifts.

In fact, even if Gu Ning only paid for their plane tickets, they would still be willing to stay there for a few days.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting didn’t rush to go home. Instead, they decided to stay for a week.

On the fourth day, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting sailed a yacht after lunch. They decided to dive deep into the ocean to catch seafood or to go on an adventure on the nearby island.

However, when they were about to sail, they saw a familiar yacht stopped by theirs.

At a closer glance, they recognized that it was Gano’s yacht. Gano and another man were on the yacht, but it was only the two of them.

Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting realized that Gano must have come for them, so they directly walked over.

Gano immediately got out of the yacht and walked to Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting as well.

“Hi, Mr. Leng, Mrs. Leng.” Gano greeted them, then asked, “Do you have some time? Can we have a private chat?”