Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2920 Was She Possessed by a Ghost?

Jiang Yutong was scared too, so she quickly changed and went to the hospital with her mother.

…

When Gu Ning arrived at the Tang family’s house, it was nearly 9 am. The people who needed to work were already gone. Only Tang Haifeng, Gu Man, and Tang Jiayu were home.

Gu Ning didn’t tell anyone that she was coming in order to surprise them.

!!

At that moment, Tang Haifeng was exercising in the yard, while Tang Jiayu ran around near him.

Gu Man wasn’t there, but there were people everywhere in the yard, so Tang Jiayu was safe.

When Gu Ning went in, Tang Jiayu was the first one who saw her.

Seeing Gu Ning coming, Tang Jiayu was excited and ran towards her with his arms wide open. “Sister, give me a hug.”

Hearing that, Tang Haifeng didn’t pay much attention to them, because he didn’t realize that Tang Jiayu was calling Gu Ning.

“Slow down. Don’t fall!” Gu Ning warned.

Tang Haifeng didn’t stop and turn around until he heard Gu Ning’s voice, then he saw her.

Suddenly, he realized that Tang Jiayu was greeting Gu Ning.

Since Gu Ning was back, Tang Haifeng stopped exercising. Looking at her, he was full of happiness.

Gu Ning carried Tang Jiayu, then walked to Tang Haifeng and greeted him. “Morning, grandpa.”

“Ningning, why didn’t you tell us that you’re coming home?” Tang Haifeng asked.

“I arrived at midnight, so I didn’t tell you. I went to Huafu Hills, and decided to surprise you,” Gu Ning explained.

“Why did you come back so late? Did something happen?” Tang Haifeng asked. He felt that she must have done it for a reason.

“Yes, but it’s already solved,” Gu Ning replied.

“Great.” Tang Haifeng didn’t ask much. “Have you had breakfast yet?”

“Not yet. I came here early,” Gu Ning said. She was at ease when she was home.

“Why didn’t you eat something before coming? What if you got hungry?” Tang Haifeng criticized her in a loving tone. He understood that Gu Ning wouldn’t be uncomfortable just because she didn’t have breakfast, but it was better to eat something after getting up early.

“I just wanted to eat at home!” Gu Ning said with a smile.

“Well.” Tang Haifeng was amused.

Right after Gu Ning came in, Gu Man came downstairs. She was excited to see Gu Ning and hurried down.

“Mom!” Gu Ning greeted her.

“Ningning, why didn’t you tell us that you’re coming home?” Gu Man asked.

“I wanted to surprise you,” Gu Ning explained.

“Ha-ha.” Gu Man laughed a little, but she was very happy and surprised to see Gu Ning.

“Maid Zhang, prepare some food for Ningning. She needs breakfast.” Tang Haifeng shouted to the kitchen. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yes, master,” Maid Zhang said.

“Ningning, you haven’t had breakfast?” Gu Man asked, but the answer couldn’t be more obvious.

“Yeah, I wanted to eat at home.” Gu Ning smiled.

“Well.” Gu Man felt slightly resigned, but her eyes were full of love.

The breakfast was quickly ready, so Gu Ning went to have breakfast.

Gu Ning stayed in the Tang family’s house that morning and spent some time with Tang Haifeng and Gu Man.

After having lunch at noon, Gu Ning rested for a while, then went out at 2 pm.

Because she finally came back home, she wasn’t in a rush to leave and would stay here for a few days.

Walking out of the Tang family’s house, Gu Ning went straight to visit the Jiang family. On her way, she called Jiang Jiamin and asked her whether she was home.

Jiang Jiamin replied that she was home, so Gu Ning let her know that she was in City B and that she would go to her family’s house to see her.

Gu Ning didn’t say why she was coming to see her. Jiang Jiamin didn’t ask either. Anyway, she was happy to see Gu Ning.

…

In the morning, Junior Mrs. Jiang took Jiang Yutong to the hospital, but there was nothing wrong with her body. Perhaps she was too tired to remember what had happened these past few days.

The doctor advised her to have a good rest, and said that she might regain her memories after feeling better.

Back at home.

Junior Mrs. Jiang told Jiang Yutong what had happened recently. During these days, Jiang Yutong seemed to be in a bad mood and appeared creepy. She hid in the bedroom most of the time.

Yesterday, she argued with Jiang Jiamin and even tried to strangle her to death. If Junior Mrs. Jiang hadn’t stopped her right away, Jiang Jiamin could have been killed!

Knowing that, Jiang Yutong was shocked. How could she almost strangle Jiang Jiamin to death? How did she become so strong all of a sudden? Normally, when she had any conflict with Jiang Jiamin, she didn’t dare to fight with her, because she never won.

“Mom, is it possible that I was possessed by a ghost?” Jiang Yutong suddenly asked.

Junior Mrs. Jiang was scared and immediately snapped at her. “Nonsense! That’s impossible.”

Although she denied it, Junior Mrs. Jiang couldn’t help thinking that Jiang Yutong might really have been possessed by a ghost, otherwise, she wouldn’t have behaved so abnormally, but she refused to believe that.

When Gu Ning came, she brought some Colaine medicines which were extremely nutritious.

After she arrived, she called Jiang Jiamin who went to welcome her at the gate.

“Welcome, Gu Ning! Oh, you don’t need to bring so many gifts,” Jiang Jiamin said.

“Didn’t you tell me that your grandparents aren’t in a good condition? So I brought some extremely nutritious medicine and my magical pills to see you,” Gu Ning explained.

“Really? Your magical pills are really rare.” Jiang Jiamin was excited, but felt that she couldn’t take them.

The magical pills were power crystals. By now many people were aware that Gu Ning had a magical pill which could cure nearly all diseases, and that it was quite rare.

They could afford it, but there wasn’t much of it, so money wasn’t enough if they wanted to buy it. They must have a good relationship with Gu Ning as well.

“Don’t worry. I have a lot. After all, your grandparents are Jiayang and Jiakai’s maternal grandparents. They are my relatives too,” Gu Ning said.

She cared about people who had a close relationship with those who she loved, but she wouldn’t bother to pay attention to those who her family didn’t care about.

In that case, Jiang Jiamin said nothing further. She led Gu Ning to see Master Jiang and Old Mrs. Jiang at once.

Master Jiang and Old Mrs. Jiang were in their seventies, but they didn’t sleep separately. However, because of their sleep problems, they still slept in different beds in the same room.

Currently, they were both lying in their beds because they were very weak.

Master Jiang and Old Mrs. Jiang were willing to trust Gu Ning, so they took Gu Ning’s pill without hesitation. They also thanked her gratefully.

They knew that they would soon be better after taking Gu Ning’s magical pills.

Once they took the power crystals, the evil power inside their bodies was quickly purged, then they felt energetic again.