Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2938 No Need to Keep You

“We honestly don’t know.” They replied, not seeming guilty at all.

Gu Ning frowned slightly. Was it true that they didn’t know?

She wasn’t convinced.

“If you don’t know it, I don’t think I need to keep you. I’ll just kill you. Now, you have a last chance. Do you really not know, or are you unwilling to tell me?” Gu Ning said as she summoned magical energy in both of her hands, then hit the two ninjas.

!!

Because the two ninjas were too weak to avoid it, they were hit. With a sharp pain, they felt as if they were being torn apart.

At the same time, they realized how powerful Gu Ning was, but they still had no idea who she was. They only knew that she had superpowers.

“We seriously don’t know where they are, because it was not us who caught them,” one ninja said.

They honestly didn’t know. They didn’t catch Xu Jinchen and Chen Meng. They only heard the news, and they were actually on their way to catch the other members of the Red Flame.

“Really?” Gu Ning was mostly convinced, but she didn’t stop and hit them with magical energy again.

After the second hit, the two ninjas were almost dead, but they still insisted on saying that they didn’t know.

“If so, there is no need to keep you.” Gu Ning believed their answer, but they would still be killed. Therefore, without delay, she killed them with a final hit.

Afterwards, Gu Ning rolled up a gust of sand, buried them directly, then left. She continued to look for Xu Jingchen and Chen Meng.

Jing Yunyao and Leng Shaoting also met ninjas and mutants. When they couldn’t get any information from them, they killed them too.

As the sky turned bright, they had finished searching many places.

By now they were deep in the Demon City Desert, and the sandstorms were becoming stronger. It could even lift people up high in the air, but Gu Ning and the others weren’t ordinary people, so they weren’t affected.

When they reached the Gobi, the sandstorm became weaker, and the Gobi was particularly rugged. For ordinary people, it wasn’t easy to walk, and people could easily fall, but Gu Ning wasn’t an ordinary girl, so it was not at all difficult for her.

The sand and rocks in the Gobi were the hardest, so Gu Ning felt that if a base really existed, it might be built under the Gobi. Accordingly, she searched around the Gobi the entire time.

It was just a guess, but after searching for more than half an hour, she finally found out that there was indeed a cave under the Gobi, which was about ten meters under the ground. However, for the time being, she couldn’t see what was underneath.

Anyway, since she found it, she needed to search for it, so she carefully observed it.

The hole that Gu Ning saw now was a passage. Because she didn’t know which side was the main chamber, she could only follow her instincts to find it in one direction.

After about ten meters, Gu Ning saw a fork in the road. She could only choose one way by listening to her instincts.

Gu Ning wanted to be sure whether those ninjas and mutants were in it before contacting Leng Shaoting and Jing Yunyao. If they weren’t here, it would only waste more time after she called them over.

Gu Ning continued to look around, then saw a large hall under the ground. The hall was lit brightly and there were many people.

Those people were ninjas. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After Gu Ning looked deeper, she saw two people tied on an iron frame in another room. The two people were none other than Xu Jingchen and Chen Meng.

Their bodies were covered with whip-marks, which was very scary.

Gu Ning was mad. Because there were many ninjas, there must be mutants too. Gu Ning wasn’t sure whether she could rescue Xu Jinchen and Chen Meng by herself with the flood dragon and the monster fox. As a result, she had to curb her anger and left to contact Jing Yunyao and Leng Shaoting first.

She was too deep in the desert, so there was no signal.

Gu Ning flew up with a sword into the sky, then took a picture of this place. After that, she tied the camera to her waist and faced the lens to the destination. As she flew away, the camera shot the route, so they wouldn’t miss.

After all, this desert was too large, so it would be difficult to find the cave. Luckily, the gobi desert was a landmark, so it was better than an ocean that had water everywhere if there wasn’t a small island.

Gu Ning flew in a straight line for half an hour before arriving at a place with signal. It was also close to the edge of the Demon City Desert.

When she went to search for their base, she looked around the whole land, so it took a lot of time, but when she left, she went in a straight line, so she was much faster.

After reaching a place with signal, Gu Ning called Jing Yunyao and Leng Shaoting, but no one answered. Therefore, she sent them a message.

Then she waited patiently. Because she had already found the cave, there was no need for her to look around now.

After waiting for half an hour, Gu Ning’s phone rang and it was Leng Shaoting.

“Shaoting, I found them. I’ll send my location to you. Come to meet me as soon as possible,” Gu Ning said.

“Sure.” Leng Shaoting was excited and agreed at once. He checked his WeChat and saw the location Gu Ning sent to him, then rapidly went to meet her.

A few minutes later, Jing Yunyao called Gu Ning back too, and Gu Ning gave her the same reply.

Because they were in an area with signal, they quickly found Gu Ning. After ten minutes, Leng Shaoting arrived and Jing Yunyao was only a few minutes later.

Then Gu Ning briefly told them the situation and they rushed there together.

Gu Ning kept the route in mind and took a video of it, so they arrived at the destination half an hour later.

After that, they didn’t bother finding the entrance, instead they asked the tree vine to dig a hole above the passage to the hall.

The tree vine grew in soil, so it couldn’t be easier for it to dig a hole.

Therefore, the tree vine dug through a depth of ten meters.

Once it finished, they smelt something rancid from the passage. Obviously, this passage had been sealed for too long and bred unpleasant smells.

Without delay, Gu Ning and the others directly put on a mask.