3045 Put out the Fire and Rescue People

People who saw Leng Xiaoyao realized what she wanted to do when she walked towards the fire with a cushion, but their first reaction wasn’t that she was brave and dared to put out the fire at this dangerous moment. Instead, they laughed at Leng Xiaoyao for trying to put out the fire with just a cushion. They didn’t think it was possible.

Even Li Mochen frowned a little, but he didn’t disdain Leng Xiaoyao.

At the same time, Li Mochen took out a fire extinguisher. However, because the fire was too powerful, one fire extinguisher was barely useful. As a result, even though Li Mochen wasn’t optimistic about Leng Xiaoyao’s actions, he didn’t stop her. Anyway, it would be helpful if she could do something, because there were still two people trapped in the car.

When she reached the front of the exploded car, Leng Xiaoyao threw the cushion at the flames. Onlookers waited to see a drama, but unexpectedly the fire was put out the moment it was covered by the cushion.

In an instant, everyone was surprised, including Li Mochen. It was really unbelievable!

If other people needed to put out the fire, it would be very difficult, but Leng Xiaoyao used her magical energy, so the fire was quickly extinguished.

This time, no one dared to make fun of her again. After she put out the fire, she won their respect. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, what surprised them more happened afterwards.

The car doors were locked, so normally they couldn’t be opened, but the people inside had to get out as soon as possible.

Currently the glass was broken, so Leng Xiaoyao directly pulled the car doors apart.

That scene shocked everyone. They couldn’t believe that such a young girl could be so strong!

The crowd didn’t just watch from the side. They were also busy calling the police and the hospital.

Not only the people in the exploded car were injured, other people nearby were also hurt.

At that moment, some people took pictures of the scene.

After Leng Xiaoyao removed the car doors, she turned to Li Mochen and said, “Help them out!”

She asked Li Mochen to rescue the people in the car. The moment Leng Xiaoyao finished speaking, she hurriedly went to the driver’s seat and used the same way to remove the door.

Once Li Mochen heard Leng Xiaoyao’s words, he gave the fire extinguisher to his subordinate and told his subordinates to continue putting out the fire. Afterwards, he ran to rescue people. He wasn’t mad that Leng Xiaoyao ordered him to do it, because they had to make full use of the time.

Moments later, Li Mochen carried a person out of the car, which shocked the crowd.

The person was seriously injured, but was still alive, so Li Mochen quickly placed the person down at a safe place, then ran back.

When Li Mochen ran back, Leng Xiaoyao was about to carry someone out of the car. Li Mochen stopped her at once. “Leave it to me!”

As soon as he finished, he ran in front of Leng Xiaoyao to carry the driver, then moved the driver to the safe place.

Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen’s subordinate continued to put out the fire.

The driver was also badly injured, but luckily he was still alive.

After Li Mochen moved them to a safe place, he immediately returned to put out the fire with Leng Xiaoyao. This time, someone gave him a fire extinguisher. With two fire extinguishers and Leng Xiaoyao’s cushion, they put out the fire faster.

From the beginning to the end, they completely put out the fire within three minutes.

Uncle Liu watched everything, and was amazed by Leng Xiaoyao, but he was also scared by the scene because it was very easy for Leng Xiaoyao to be injured.

At the beginning, Leng Yuqi paid no attention to Leng Xiaoyao, but she soon noticed her. She was jealous of Leng Xiaoyao for being so brave, but she also wanted Leng Xiaoyao to be injured in the fire.

They were bitter enemies now, so she had no sympathy for Leng Xiaoyao even if Leng Xiaoyao was injured.

After Leng Xiaoyao put out the fire, she immediately ran towards the sidewalk to check on the injured people’s condition.

The injured people were wounded all over their bodies, and were bleeding badly, but there were no bandages.

However, there were too many people, so Leng Xiaoyao couldn’t directly put magical energy into their bodies to help them recover.

Right when Leng Xiaoyao was thinking about what to do, she raised her head and saw a silk scarf store. Without delay, she walked towards it and asked about the price.

Because it was a street store, the silk scarves weren’t expensive and cost fifty yuan each.

Leng Xiaoyao grabbed about seven silk scarves, then gave the store owner five hundred yuan and quickly went back to the injured people.

Seeing what Leng Xiaoyao was doing, the store owner felt extremely embarrassed. He shouldn’t have taken the money! But he was a businessman, not a philanthropist, so he had to make money. However, he knew Leng Xiaoyao paid him more than the total price.

Given the emergency, he couldn’t take more money from her even though he wouldn’t give them to her for free. Therefore, he took out five silk scarves and ran towards Leng Xiaoyao, then gave them to her.

Leng Xiaoyao understood why he did that, so she accepted the silk scarves and gave him a grateful smile.

The store owner didn’t think that Leng Xiaoyao was beautiful, but her smile warmed him.

It was indeed pleasant to do good deeds.

Getting back to the injured people, Leng Xiaoyao wrapped the driver’s wounds first, because he was more seriously injured.

She did it, not just to hide what she was really doing, but because it could really stop the bleeding.

At the same time, Leng Xiaoyao secretly released magical energy to cure them.

Although she wasn’t a saint, she was willing to help others when it was necessary unless they were bad people.

She would refuse to help if she knew they were bad people, but she would still rescue them before knowing who they were.

Li Mochen also went to them and squatted down to wrap the wounds for another person.

Leng Xiaoyao wanted to stop him, but thought it wasn’t a bad thing, so she did nothing. She would secretly put her magical energy into the person’s body afterwards.

While Leng Xiaoyao was treating the injured people, Uncle Liu also walked over. He said nothing and watched from the side.

Seeing Leng Xiaoyao’s familiarity, Uncle Liu was surprised. He really felt that Leng Xiaoyao had become strange and different now.

He didn’t dare to despise or disrespect her any longer.

He didn’t dare to disrespect Leng Xiaoyao in the past few days, but now he was totally convinced by her skills.

After wrapping the wounds for the driver, Leng Xiaoyao put some magical energy into his body and he quickly got better.