Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3076 Prettier than He Thought

“Boss, we were just joking. We can cost you a lot of money on a trip. We can pay by ourselves,” Xiong Manxin said. They didn’t want to take advantage of Leng Xiaoyao.

“Right, no matter how much you’ve won, it’s your money. We’re close friends, but we can’t take your generosity for granted,” Wu Minmin said.

“Right!” The other girls agreed at once.

Leng Xiaoyao knew them very well, so she understood that they wouldn’t accept her money for no reason. Even if she invited them for a meal very often, they often bought her a meal too.

!!

However, this time, Leng Xiaoyao wasn’t joking. She was serious.

“I know, but I’m serious. After the National College Entrance Examination, we’ll separate. We might not meet so often at that time. So, I thought that we can go on a trip after the exam. Since I’m your boss, I should behave like a boss. Alright, that’s it. After the exam, we’ll take a trip for four or five days. I’ll pay all the expenses. If you want to buy anything, you can settle the bill on your own,” Leng Xiaoyao said. They were her close friends, so she was willing to do more for them.

Upon hearing that they would separate after the National College Entrance Examination, they suddenly felt very upset.

After all, Leng Xiaoyao’s target was the Capital University, which was hard for them to get into.

Even if they enrolled in other average universities in the capital, the capital was a very large city. There was a long distance between the universities, so it wouldn’t be easy for them to meet up.

“Well, I’m suddenly really sad upon thinking that we won’t see each other again after the National College Entrance Examination.” Wu Minmin sniffed, feeling sad.

“Me too.” The other girls agreed at once.

“Boss, it’s all your fault. Why did you suddenly say that?” Xiong Manxin complained.

“If I didn’t bring it up, would we be together forever?” Leng Xiaoyao asked.

The other girls didn’t know what to say.

“So, what do you think? If you want to travel with me, I’ll pay the expenses. If not, I won’t force you to go with me,” Leng Xiaoyao said. She deliberately said that. If they didn’t accept her plan, they shouldn’t go with her.

“Of course we want to go with you!”

The other girls answered without hesitation. They obviously wanted to go with Leng Xiaoyao. Although they felt they should pay the expenses on their own, they were left with no choice if they wanted to travel with Leng Xiaoyao.

“Deal!” Leng Xiaoyao was satisfied.

After that, the dishes were placed on the table. They started eating and Leng Xiaoyao stopped investigating Shen Xiyin.

She had investigated Shen Xiyin for a few minutes earlier, and had collected some information. However, it wasn’t enough, so she would continue after eating.

After Leng Xiaoyao finished, she excused herself and continued to collect information about Shen Xiyin.

Given the result, there was nothing wrong with Shen Xiyin. Leng Xiaoyao couldn’t see any grudges between Shen Xiyin and An Chenmeng or the An family. Therefore, Leng Xiaoyao didn’t know whether it was a scheme or a coincidence that Shen Xiyin gave the jade pendant to An Chenmeng.

It seemed that she had to spend some time with Shen Xiyin.

In the afternoon, Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen had an appointment, so she didn’t go home with Leng Yuqi. She directly told Liu Songming that she was going to hang out with her classmates.

Leng Yuqi lost her calm when she saw that Leng Xiaoyao could go anywhere, while she had to ask for Song Meiyu’s permission.

The easiest way for her to go out was when Chu Jianan asked her out, but Chu Jianan seldom asked her out recently. They rarely even spoke.

Tomorrow was Sunday, so she wondered whether Chu Jianan would call her out.

Although the National College Entrance Examination was around the corner and she should focus on her reviews, she felt that a day off wouldn’t affect her schedule.

After telling Liu Songming what she needed to do later, Leng Xiaoyao took a taxi and left.

The place where they would eat together was booked by Li Mochen. He told her the address, so she could go directly there.

However, Leng Xiaoyao didn’t go to the restaurant right away. Instead, she went to the shopping mall nearby.

She didn’t want to meet Li Mochen with a plain face. Although Li Mochen didn’t care about that, she should pay more attention to it.

Therefore, Leng Xiaoyao went to buy make-up at the shopping mall first, then put on light make-up. She mainly covered the freckles with foundation, then did her brows and eyes. In the end, she also used some blush and lipstick.

Leng Xiaoyao did all of this on her own. She was very skilled, and finished within a few minutes.

Looking at Leng Xiaoyao’s change, even the saleswomen were all stunned.

They didn’t disdain Leng Xiaoyao because there were freckles on her face, and they could see that she could be beautiful with make-up, but they were still surprised after Leng Xiaoyao put on make-up.

Walking away from the cosmetics department, Leng Xiaoyao went to buy a simple yet elegant dress and a pair of simple shoes.

Leng Xiaoyao had medium-length hair. She had never done her hair before, and always tied it up high. Now she made it a bun and looked completely different.

When she walked out of the shopping mall, she attracted a lot of attention.

Leng Xiaoyao wasn’t only beautiful, she was also elegant, so she naturally became the focus of people’s attention.

When Leng Xiaoyao arrived at the restaurant, Li Mochen was already waiting for her. And he had already been waiting for her for half an hour.

Normally, other people had to wait for Li Mochen, and Li Mochen rarely waited for other people.

Li Mochen rarely waited for other people, but not because he didn’t have any patience, so he didn’t lose his patience when he had to wait for Leng Xiaoyao. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Somehow, he felt as if they were on a date.

The moment he had that idea, he got rid of it. What was he thinking? How could he have such an idea? Was it because he had never eaten alone with a girl before?

When Leng Xiaoyao pushed the door open and walked inside, Li Mochen was struck dumb. At first glance, he recognized Leng Xiaoyao.

He knew that Leng Xiaoyao could be pretty after putting on make-up, but the truth was that Leng Xiaoyao was much prettier than he had expected after dressing up.