Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3186 Is Mr. Mu Coming? Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“Well, I can’t do anything about being too handsome,” Si Yiqi said resignedly. He was obviously showing off.

Leng Xiaoyao smiled, but said nothing.

Fifty raw jade materials in all were put up at the auction. There were twenty-five complete raw jade materials and twenty-five half-cut raw jade materials.

Those raw jade materials that were put up at the auction were mixed without levels.

Therefore, half-cut raw jade materials were more popular and more likely to have jade. Meanwhile, it relied on one’s own luck to cut out jade from complete raw jade materials. After all, not everyone had skills at stone-gambling and could see whether there was jade.

Accordingly, more people went to look at the half-cut raw jade materials.

Leng Xiaoyao didn’t care about that and she went to touch every one of them.

Li Mochen and the others followed her as if they were her subordinates. Seeing that, many young women were jealous of Leng Xiaoyao.

Because of that, they looked at Leng Xiaoyao with unfriendly gazes.

Leng Xiaoyao noticed it, but didn’t mind.

She had no time to argue with them about an unkind glance. However, if they dared to cause her trouble, she wouldn’t hesitate to teach them a lesson.

She looked tolerant when she didn’t mind something, but she would seem mean if she argued about it.

Leng Xiaoyao didn’t care about it, but Li Mochen was unhappy, so he gave those people a glare. They were immediately scared and didn’t dare to stare at Leng Xiaoyao any longer.

No one was so idiotic to think that Li Mochen was looking at them kindly.

Once Leng Xiaoyao sensed magical power, she recorded the numbers and the quality of magical power.

After touching all the raw jade materials, half an hour had passed. Because there were many onlookers, she couldn’t squeeze them away. Sometimes, she needed to wait till there were fewer people.

Among the twenty-five complete raw jade materials, there was jade in twelve. Six had weak magical power, three had strong magical power, while three had very strong magical power.

Among the twenty-five half-cut raw jade materials, there was jade in eighteen raw jade materials.

There was no need to bid for half-cut raw jade materials with weak magical power, because it wasn’t profitable.

Even if it was, it wasn’t extremely profitable, so Leng Xiaoyao had no interest in them.

Among the eighteen half-cut raw jade materials, nine had weak magical power, and nine had strong magical power. Leng Xiaoyao decided to bid for the nine raw jade materials with strong magical power.

She would share them with her friends. Each of them could have two raw jade materials. She wouldn’t keep them all to herself.

Hearing that Leng Xiaoyao asked about Mu Yiyang, Li Mochen was a little unhappy, but he still answered. “Yes, but he won’t come in the morning. He should be here in the afternoon.”

“Fine!” Leng Xiaoyao replied. She didn’t care much about that. If Mu Yiyang came, she would tell him to bid for two raw jade materials too.

When the auction was about to begin, they went to find their seats.

The numbers of their seats were written on the invitation letters, so they could find the seats according to the numbers.

There were round tables in the auction hall. Each table could seat eight people, but there were only three bidding paddles.

Bidding paddles were prepared for guests with an invitation letter, while the other seats were prepared for their companions.

They all could take part in the auction, but three bidding paddles were enough.

Mu Yiyang got seats at the third table of the fourth row, which was at the front.

They went to sit down by the table, waiting for the auction to begin.

Jiang Han and Mu Fan sat at one side, while Si Yiqi and Li Mochen sat at the other side. Leng Xiaoyao sat alone.

Afterwards, other guests also seated themselves.

Before 10 am, everyone was ready and the auction began on time.

At the beginning, the host gave a speech. After that, the first raw jade material was shown.

It was a complete raw jade material, but there was no jade, so Leng Xiaoyao and her friends did nothing.

The opening bid was ten thousand yuan and the bid increment was a thousand yuan every time.

Although it was a complete raw jade material, there should be a high probability to cut out jade from it, so many guests bid for it.

Within a short time, the price of the first raw jade material reached eighty thousand yuan.

However, once its price reached eighty thousand yuan, fewer and fewer guests still had interest in it. Because it was a complete raw jade material, its price wouldn’t be very high.

In the end, the first raw jade material was sold at one hundred and twenty thousand yuan.

If they bought it at a store, it would only cost over ten thousand yuan at most.

No. 2 was a half-cut raw jade material and its opening bid was much higher, at about ten times as expensive as that of the complete raw jade material. Its opening bid was a hundred thousand yuan and the bid increment was ten thousand yuan.

The opening bid was a hundred thousand yuan because the jade in it was of low quality. If the jade was of high quality, its opening bid would be higher.

Jade at a low level wasn’t worth a lot of money.

There was no jade in this half-cut raw jade material either, so Leng Xiaoyao still did nothing.

Finally, this half-cut raw jade material was sold at eight hundred thousand yuan.

No. 3 was a complete raw jade material without jade and was sold at hundreds of thousands of yuan.

No. 5 was a raw jade material with jade. Odd numbers were complete raw jade materials, while even numbers were half-cut raw jade materials, so this one was a complete raw jade material.

No. 5 had weak magical power, so Leng Xiaoyao decided to bid for it.

The opening bid of those raw jade materials weren’t the same, because they differed in size and quality. All the features could affect the opening bid.

The opening bid of No. 5 raw jade material was twenty thousand yuan.

At the beginning, Leng Xiaoyao said nothing, but she opened her mouth when it was almost over.

Once Leng Xiaoyao raised her bidding paddle, Si Yiqi and the others were interested because they knew that there must be jade in the raw jade material.

...

Leng Xiaoyao knew that there was jade in the raw jade material, so she didn’t give up and continued to bid for it. Finally, she succeeded.

Leng Xiaoyao paid two hundred and twenty thousand yuan for the complete raw jade material.

She would make a fortune off it.

Even if the jade was low quality, it was big and would be worth about two million yuan.

There was jade in No. 6 raw jade material, but it had weak magical power, so Leng Xiaoyao didn’t want it.

After a few raw jade materials, a half-cut raw jade material with strong magical power was shown.

This half-cut raw jade material had a beautiful outer layer, so its opening bid was five hundred thousand yuan and the bid increment was fifty thousand yuan.

This time, Leng Xiaoyao still waited till there were only a few people bidding for it.