Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3192 How Dare You Push Her?

“Great.” Leng Xiaoyao understood that it wasn’t easy, so she didn’t ask Shen Xiyin to do more. “We can’t wait so long. Let’s go inside!”

Thank you readers!

Saying that, Leng Xiaoyao walked forward and pushed the door open. Shen Xiyin didn’t think it was wrong and followed Leng Xiaoyao.

Qin Jiayu and the others didn’t expect Shen Xiyin and her friend to burst in all of a sudden, so they were startled and immediately turned to look at the door.

Leng Xiaoyao was in the front, so they saw her first.

In that instant, all the men were attracted to Leng Xiaoyao’s outstanding appearance, while the women were jealous of her.

There were four men and four women in the room. Before Leng Xiaoyao came inside, they were harmonious.

The moment Shen Xiyin walked inside, she saw that the smile disappeared from Zhang Kelu’s face.

She didn’t doubt Leng Xiaoyao’s words and was now sure that Zhang Kelu wasn’t abducted at all.

As soon as Zhang Kelu saw Shen Xiyin, she was nervous and acted pitiful. She immediately stood up and ran to Shen Xiyin. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When she was in front of Shen Xiyin, Zhang Kelu grabbed her hand and apologized pitifully. “Xiyin, you’re finally here. I’m sorry, if I had known that Qin Jiayu was here, I wouldn’t have come. I don’t want to waste your time.”

When Zhang Kelu grabbed her hand, Shen Xiyin stiffened a little. She wanted to get rid of Zhang Kelu, but still tolerated it. However, she looked displeased.

Everyone thought that Shen Xiyin was mad at Qin Jiayu instead of assuming that she knew that Zhang Kelu had betrayed her.

“Since I’m the target, how can I be absent?” Shen Xiyin said. She said to herself that if she didn’t come, she wouldn’t have known that Zhang Kelu already joined Qin Jiayu and even betrayed her.

She wouldn’t complain about it if Zhang Kelu left her for Qin Jiayu, because it was Zhang Kelu’s choice.

However, Zhang Kelu teamed up with Qin Jiayu to trap her, which filled her with fury. She didn’t think that she had hurt Zhang Kelu before, on the contrary she had actually helped her a lot!

She wouldn’t force Zhang Kelu to be grateful, but Zhang Kelu returned her kindness with malice. It was hard for her not to be angry.

“Qin Jiayu, I’m here now. What do you want to do?” Shen Xiyin directly asked Qin Jiayu.

“Nothing special. If you drink this bottle of wine by yourself, you can leave with Zhang Kelu,” Qin Jiayu said. She glanced at Leng Xiaoyao, implying that Leng Xiaoyao couldn’t help Shen Xiyin.

Shen Xiyin ignored Qin Jiayu and turned to look at Zhang Kelu. “Kelu, who did you come here with? How did you meet Qin Jiayu?”

Without surprise, guilt flashed in Zhang Kelu’s eyes.

Even if Zhang Kelu didn’t feel guilty for betraying Shen Xiyin, she still did something bad, so she felt guilty.

There was a difference.

Seeing the anxiety in Zhang Kelu’s expression, Shen Xiyin was disappointed. However, she didn’t point it out and waited for Zhang Kelu’s reply.

“I-I came with other friends. I went out to answer a call, then ran into Qin Jiayu,” Zhang Kelu said. Because she didn’t expect Shen Xiyin to ask her that, she thought for a while before answering it.

“Who are your friends? Do I know them? Which private room are they in right now? Have they not called you after you’ve been gone for so long?” asked Shen Xiyin.

Zhang Kelu was struck dumb by Shen Xiyin’s questions and didn’t understand why Shen Xiyin questioned her. Normally, Shen Xiyin wouldn’t bombard anyone with so many questions.

Did Shen Xiyin notice something?

That idea dawned on Zhang Kelu, but she didn’t think it was possible, so she stopped thinking about that. However, it was still very strange.

Qin Jiayu also heard Shen Xiyin’s questions. When Zhang Kelu couldn’t answer her questions, she immediately interrupted. “Stop talking! You haven’t given me your answer yet.”

“If I don’t agree, what do you plan to do?” asked Shen Xiyin instead.

“Don’t agree? You’re already here. Do you think you have a choice? Even if we have to pour the wine into your mouth, you have to drink it,” Qin Jiayu said. Then she turned to look at Leng Xiaoyao with jealousy and said maliciously, “Your friend is pretty. I’m sure my male friends must be interested in her.”

It couldn’t be more obvious that Qin Jiayu threatened Shen Xiyin to agree, or she would ask her male friends to rape Leng Xiaoyao.

Those men came to drink with them, but they weren’t their boyfriends, so they didn’t care if they had an interest in other women.

“You…” When Qin Jiayu wanted to hurt Leng Xiaoyao, Shen Xiyin became extremely mad. She knew that Leng Xiaoyao could protect herself, but it was humiliating for Leng Xiaoyao.

Leng Xiaoyao was also angry upon hearing that and opened her mouth.

“Do you want to hurt me? I don’t think you are able to,” Leng Xiaoyao said coldly, full of disdain for them.

“You’re bold! I’m afraid you can’t fight back,” Qin Jiayu said. After that, she gave Zhang Kelu a glance and Zhang Kelu immediately pushed Shen Xiyin forward. She tried to push Shen Xiyin into the middle, so that they could hold her hostage.

Leng Xiaoyao noticed what they were doing at once, and wouldn’t allow it to happen in front of her.

When Zhang Kelu pushed Shen Xiyin, Leng Xiaoyao pulled Shen Xiyin away without delay. Zhang Kelu failed and lost her balance, shouting in fear.

Seeing that, everyone was scared, but nobody ran to help Zhang Kelu. Even if someone wanted to, it was too late because she fell within a split second.

With a loud crash, Zhang Kelu fell to the ground and was hurt badly. She cried in pain, but was too embarrassed to scream.

Shen Xiyin was even more disappointed when Zhang Kelu tried to push her. If Leng Xiaoyao weren’t here, she would have been treated badly.

After a long while, Qin Jiayu and the others finally realized that Zhang Kelu fell to the ground. Qin Jiayu asked two men to support Zhang Kelu back to her feet.

“How dare you push her!” Qin Jiayu blamed Leng Xiaoyao right away. She didn’t feel guilty at all.