Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3195 Don’t You Like Us at All?

Qin Jiayu struggled but couldn’t get rid of Leng Xiaoyao’s hand. The others had just witnessed Leng Xiaoyao’s abilities, so they didn’t dare to go up to rescue Qin Jiayu.

Thank you readers!

They understood that they couldn’t help Qin Jiayu and they might be in trouble as well!

Leng Xiaoyao didn’t force Qin Jiayu to drink the whole bottle. Since the wine was doctored, a large mouthful of it would be enough. Therefore, Leng Xiaoyao only filled Qin Jiayu’s mouth with the wine for a while.

Once Qin Jiayu was free, she had no time to criticize Leng Xiaoyao. Without delay, she stuck a finger down her throat, trying to vomit the wine up. Unfortunately, no matter how she tried, she couldn’t get it out.

If it hadn’t been for Zhang Kelu, Shen Xiyin wouldn’t have come here. Therefore, Leng Xiaoyao would punish Zhang Kelu too.

Therefore, after forcing Qin Jiayu to drink a mouthful of the wine, Leng Xiaoyao grabbed Zhang Kelu too and poured wine into her mouth as well.

Zhang Kelu just stumbled once and still felt pain all over her body, so she didn’t struggle.

Because she knew the wine was doctored, she despaired when the wine was poured into her stomach.

At that moment, she really regretted betraying Shen Xiyin in order to please Qin Jiayu.

At the same time, she blamed Shen Xiyin for bringing Leng Xiaoyao over. If Shen Xiyin didn’t do that, she wouldn’t be tortured like this.

She was so selfish that she always blamed other people for her faults.

She wanted to harm Shen Xiyin first, but she wouldn’t allow Shen Xiyin to fight back. It was unreasonable!

When Shen Xiyin saw Zhang Kelu swallowing the wine under violence, she didn’t feel well. After all, they used to be close friends.

However, once she thought about what Zhang Kelu had done to her today, she no longer felt sorry for her.

She wasn’t the Virgin Mary, and wouldn’t forgive those who had hurt her. It was already very nice of her that she didn’t pay them back seriously.

Now she only gave them a taste of their own medicine, which was a light punishment.

Even though she wasn’t really hurt, it still happened, so she wouldn’t forgive them.

Leng Xiaoyao made Zhang Kelu swallow a mouthful of the wine, then let her go. As soon as Zhang Kelu was free, she did the same thing and stuck her finger into her throat. Unfortunately, she was unable to get the wine out either.

Leng Xiaoyao glanced at the other two women. The two women were scared and immediately moved backwards. “It has nothing to do with us. It was their idea.”

The two women were extremely frightened after seeing Leng Xiaoyao’s abilities. They rushed to get themselves out of trouble.

It was true that it had nothing to do with them. They were only aware of the trap, so Leng Xiaoyao had no intention of punishing them. She withdrew her gaze after a moment. After that, she turned around and walked to Shen Xiyin.

Afterwards, she stared at those people in the room. “I started recording as soon as I came into this room, including our conversations earlier. If you don’t want to cause a sensation, we can call it a day today. Oh, to be honest with you, I’m a hacker. If you’ve done anything illegal before, I can easily find it. So, if you dare to harm Shen Xiyin again, I’ll expose your dirty secrets. If you don’t, I won’t do anything.” Leng Xiaoyao threatened.

As soon as Leng Xiaoyao finished speaking, she pulled Shen Xiyin away. She didn’t care about what would happen to those people afterwards. Anyway, they wouldn’t have a good result.

Qin Jiayu and her friends were reluctant to accept the result, but they could do nothing about it.

“J-Jiayu, what should we do now?” Zhang Kelu asked in fear. She started feeling the burning desire in her body. Only men could help them get rid of the effect of the drug, but she didn’t have a boyfriend.

She didn’t want to have sex with a random man!

“What can we do? Get a man. If you don’t have one, you can only pick one from the four of them,” Qin Jiayu said. Saying that, she immediately took out her phone and called the man she was closest to.

However, they weren’t boyfriend and girlfriend, they were just sex partners.

Upon hearing Qin Jiayu’s words, the four men were excited and turned to look at Zhang Kelu.

Zhang Kelu was beautiful and sexy, so they were interested in her for a long time and all wanted to help Zhang Kelu solve the problem.

Anyway, they were doing her a favor and didn’t need to take responsibility.

Although the four of them were all rich heirs, their families weren’t very rich and they had plain faces. Zhang Kelu had no interest in any of them, so she didn’t want them to help her.

At that moment, Zhang Kelu was in a complete panic.

“I-I-I don’t want them.” Zhang Kelu refused at once. She would rather pay a rent boy to do that.

“Miss Zhang, don’t you like us at all? You need us to help you out right now. If you don’t choose us, who do you want?” one man said with displeasure.

Although they were injured, they were still able to have sex.

“I-I-I’ll call a man over,” Zhang Kelu said and immediately called one of her admirers.

This man was handsome and her type, but he wasn’t rich, so she was unwilling to accept him.

However, at this moment, she would rather have sex with him than any of these four men.

The four men felt displeased, but didn’t force her to accept them. After all, she was Qin Jiayu’s friend, and they were respectful of Qin Jiayu. Without Qin Jiayu’s order, they wouldn’t be violent.

After Leng Xiaoyao and Shen Xiyin left, Shen Xiyin was still very upset. Leng Xiaoyao said, “I know you’re really upset right now. I don’t know how to comfort you, because it’s hard to get over it after it happens, but I hope you will feel better as soon as possible. After all, there are many beautiful things and good people by your side.”

“I know. I’ll try to get over it,” Shen Xiyin said. It was just that right now she was still sad. Anyway, since Zhang Kelu had betrayed her, she wouldn’t do anything for her again. She would try to get over it as soon as possible.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m