Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3201 Defend Li Mochen

“Yaoyao, what’s Mr. Li’s background?” Leng Yecheng asked curiously. At Master Mo’s birthday party, he saw that Master Mo was very respectful of Li Mochen, so he was curious about it ever since.

Thank you readers!

“I’m not clear about it either. I only know that he’s very powerful and skilled at martial arts. He also had all kinds of abilities and many shares in different companies. He has a close relationship with officials in the government too,” Leng Xiaoyao said. She was indeed unclear about Li Mochen’s background. If she knew, she would tell Leng Yecheng.

“Are you interested in Mr. Li?” Leng Changyuan suddenly became alert when Leng Xiaoyao complimented Li Mochen like that.

Although Li Mochen was handsome and seemed to be born in a powerful family, Master Leng felt there was a huge gap between Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen.

Even though Leng Xiaoyao was also outstanding and deserved a quality man, Master Leng had a clear understanding of their family’s status.

!!

He didn’t want Leng Xiaoyao to have too much interest in Li Mochen. He was afraid that Leng Xiaoyao would be hurt.

In addition, they weren’t sure whether Li Mochen was a good man yet!

Leng Yecheng got nervous as well. He had the same idea as Leng Changyuan and looked at Leng Xiaoyao nervously. “Although Mr. Li is handsome and impressive, I don’t think he’s easy to get along with. Many people went to strike up a conversation with him, but he had a cold face all the time.”

Because of that, Leng Yecheng had a bad impression of Li Mochen. He felt that Li Mochen was very arrogant and self-centered.

Leng Xiaoyao understood their worries. She put on a resigned smile and said, “Grandpa, it’s not only Mr. Li, his friends are also very skilled. You asked me about him, so I complimented him a little. Why do you think I’m interested in him just because of that? If you had asked me about someone else, I would have complimented them too.”

“Mr. Li is indeed a little cold, but that’s just his character. It has something to do with his childhood. I heard that he has the same experience as me. His parents passed away when he was little. He grew up with his grandparents, but none of his grandparents, uncles and aunts liked him. His cousins always bullied him. He was even pushed into a lake once. He almost died that time! After experiencing all this, he completely changed. It’s impossible for him to have normal emotions after growing up in such a family. I have love from grandpa and uncle, but if I grew up in the same family as him, I would probably be the same.”

No matter what her relationship with Li Mochen was, they were destined to meet each other. Therefore, Leng Xiaoyao didn’t want Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng to misunderstand Li Mochen and hold a bad opinion about him.

She also wanted to arouse their sympathy through her explanation.

Hearing Leng Xiaoyao’s words, Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng were touched. They thought that Li Mochen relied on his family to become so successful, but unexpectedly he had a hard life.

In that case, he became successful on his own.

After going through so much, it was understandable that he became cold.

“And those women went to strike up a conversation with Mr. Li for a purpose. Mr. Li simply dislikes their hypocrisy. You also saw that they were polite and nice to me when I went to talk with them. I have no intention of pleasing them and they are impressed by my brave behavior. That’s the reason why they’re willing to be nice to me,” Leng Xiaoyao explained.

Hearing that, Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng agreed. Their impression of Li Mochen immediately changed.

However, they somehow felt it wasn’t right, but they couldn’t tell why.

When they changed their opinions about Li Mochen, Leng Xiaoyao felt relieved and continued. “No matter what, they all have abilities and high status. It won’t do our family any harm if I can form a good relationship with them, as long as they don’t hurt us. Didn’t you notice that other people were much more polite to us after seeing me talk with them?”

Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng finally understood.

“Right, we weren’t so popular at other events before, but after Yaoyao formed a good relationship with those powerful people, those who disdained us immediately came to talk to us,” Leng Changyuan said. However, he disliked them upon thinking of their snobbish faces.

“Many heirs from rich and powerful families also tried to form a close relationship with me these days.” Leng Yecheng said, “But they all did that for a purpose. I don’t want to make friends with them. Perhaps they will betray me once I can’t bring them any benefits.”

Although connections were very important, they couldn’t build connections with just anyone. Even if those heirs had a high status too, Leng Yecheng wouldn’t randomly make friends with them.

As they chatted, Leng Yuqi came home.

Because Leng Yuqi dated Chu Jianan yesterday, she was in a good mood today.

However, Leng Xiaoyao felt it was ironic. She wanted to see how Leng Yuqi felt after knowing that Chu Jianan was dating two girls at the same time.

When Leng Yuqi saw Leng Xiaoyao, she was immediately displeased. She didn’t deliberately give Leng Xiaoyao that attitude, but she really couldn’t be happy to see Leng Xiaoyao given their bad relationship.

Anyway, she didn’t dare to have conflict with Leng Xiaoyao.

Leng Changyuan, Leng Yecheng, and Leng Xiaoyao were happily chatting, but their mood was affected by Leng Yuqi’s arrival and they all looked less happy.

“Hi, grandpa, uncle.” Leng Yuqi greeted them.

“Hi.” Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng replied in a flat tone and didn’t bother to give her a glance.

It had happened many times, but Leng Yuqi still felt upset.

She didn’t stay in the living room for long. After greeting Leng Changyuan, she went upstairs.

Leng Xiaoyao spent a bit more time with Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng, then went to her room. Leng Changyuan also needed to go to bed.

Back in her room, Leng Xiaoyao continued to work. She didn’t go sleep until it was very late.

Li Mochen, on the other hand, stayed up all night for cultivation.

If Li Mochen really wanted to be a cultivator, he had to learn to control the power inside his body to circulate and strengthen himself. Only after completely improving his body could he successfully purify his essence.

Even though Li Mochen was talented, he couldn’t succeed immediately. Actually, he had failed many times.

No matter what, Li Mochen wouldn’t easily give in. In fact, he was determined and strong-willed. Even if he had failed many times, he wouldn’t give up. Instead, he paid more attention to cultivation.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m