Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3285  Better Be Careful

"Boss, you're amazing! You actually won the championship. You have to treat us to a meal," An Chenmeng said excitedly.

"No problem!" Leng Xiaoyao replied with a smile. She was generous when it came to treating her friends.

At that moment, Xiong Manxin arrived. While she was happy for Leng Xiaoyao's victory, she complained. "Boss, when will you have time? An Chenmeng's dinner and KTV hasn't happened yet! We won't let her off the hook."

Upon hearing that, Leng Xiaoyao couldn't help but rub her nose. She had forgotten about it. "I don't know. If I'm free this weekend, we can go."

"Fine! I thought you guys forgot about it and I could save some money." An Chenmeng joked with a helpless expression.

"You wish!" Xiong Manxin retorted. Although they didn't care about what had happened between them anymore, they still wanted to have that meal.

In the classroom. Everyone was congratulating and praising Leng Xiaoyao. Leng Xiaoyao didn't mind the noise and was actually in a good mood.

Because Wang Yiming had not been discharged from the hospital yet, other teachers were still acting as their head teacher.

During class, the acting head teacher announced to everyone that Leng Xiaoyao had won the championship in the City Chang Liberal Arts Defense. All the students applauded Leng Xiaoyao once again.

In the last class, the principal came to see Leng Xiaoyao. The principal said that there was a national competition in the capital city next Monday. They needed to leave on Sunday morning. He wanted to know whether Leng Xiaoyao had any problems.

The Experimental High School hadn't won a championship several times in a row, and had been mocked by the other schools. The principal was embarrassed about it. This time, Leng Xiaoyao won the championship with a very high score, so the principal was very proud.

Looking at Leng Xiaoyao, he was full of appreciation for her.

Regarding the matter of going to the capital city to participate in the national competition, Leng Xiaoyao had no problem with that. She had long wanted to visit the capital city.

Since she was going to the capital city this time, she decided to stay there for a few more days. Therefore, she talked about that with the principal in advance.

Without asking for the reason, the principal agreed directly, only reminding her to be careful. After all, the teacher who accompanied Leng Xiaoyao would stay with her all the time.

Moreover, Leng Xiaoyao was a girl, so the school specially arranged a female teacher for her.

After finding out the time to go to the capital city, Leng Xiaoyao immediately sent a message to Li Mochen, saying that it was on Sunday morning. The competition was being held on Monday, and she would stay in the capital city for two days after that.

Leng Xiaoyao's two-day stay in the capital city wasn't for fun, it was to find a suitable place for a work office.

After all, if she wanted to move her company to the capital city, she needed to go there in advance to make arrangements.

Although she could ask Li Mochen for help, she didn't want to rely on him for everything unless it was something she couldn't do on her own.

If she depended on others for everything, what was the point of starting a business?

Starting a business was about showcasing one's abilities and proving oneself. How could one demonstrate and prove themselves without getting their hands dirty?

She was going to look for office spaces, but not aimlessly. She had already conducted research online for available rental or sale properties in the Nancheng District and found a few suitable options.

From the photos provided by the sellers, the locations and environments looked good and the sizes were appropriate. However, she knew that she needed to physically inspect the properties as pictures could only serve as a reference.

Leng Xiaoyao was primarily interested in purchasing an office building for herself as she felt that renting would never be as comfortable.

If she owned the property, she could do whatever she wanted with it and wouldn't have to worry about disputes, but if there were no suitable properties for sale, she would have to settle for renting.

Today, Leng Xiaoyao was the focus of everyone's attention, so Gao Qilu was furious.

She didn't even make it to the finals, which was unexpected for everyone. Even her head teacher believed that even if Gao Qilu didn't place in the top 3, she wouldn't fall below the top 5.

Unexpectedly, she didn't even make it into the top 8.

Previously, whenever Gao Qilu participated in the competition, she either got second or third place, and at worst, she would not fall below the top five, but this time…

As a result, her classmates whispered to each other, while the head teacher directly talked to her, asking her what had happened.

Even though Gao Qilu was angry, she didn't lash out at their head teacher. Instead, she explained. "Maybe I ate something bad at lunch, so I didn't feel well at the time."

"It's okay. Fortunately, Leng Xiaoyao won the championship, which is also brings glory to our school." Gao Qilu's head teacher didn't mean to blame her, and just wanted to know the reason.

Their head teacher meant to comfort Gao Qilu, but Gao Qilu only felt humiliated.

Leng Xiaoyao, it was Leng Xiaoyao again! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

If it hadn't been for Leng Xiaoyao, she wouldn't have performed so poorly.

Damn Leng Xiaoyao! Gao Qilu promised to pay her back.

Wasn't Leng Xiaoyao going to the capital city to participate in the finals? Gao Qilu would stop it from happening.

Gao Qilu's eyes flashed with malice.

…

At noon, Leng Xiaoyao invited An Chenmeng, Xiong Manxin, and the others to go out for a meal. Along the way, they heard people comparing her with Gao Qilu.

"In the past, Gao Qilu was pretty and performed well academically. She often won awards in high school competitions and was simply a goddess, but then Leng Xiaoyao suddenly emerged, and now Gao Qilu has been surpassed."

"Yeah! And Leng Xiaoyao's academic performance is much better than Gao Qilu's."

"She's also prettier than Gao Qilu."

"In terms of appearance, I think they are equally beautiful, but Leng Xiaoyao gives a more pleasing feeling while Gao Qilu appears fake. Men like that type, but women hate it."

"Right, Leng Xiaoyao looks much more down-to-earth, although it seems difficult to get along with her."

"…"

Upon hearing these comments, An Chenmeng also became smug. "I think Gao Qilu must hate you to death right now. She has always been unable to stand girls who are prettier than her. You are not only prettier than her, you are also better at studying."

"I think our boss should be wary of her. Maybe she will find someone to attack her!" Xiong Manxin looked worried.

"Do you still doubt my abilities? If she really dares to do that, she will be the one who suffers the consequences." Leng Xiaoyao wasn't worried at all. Although the Gao family was indeed not something the Leng family could provoke, the premise was that she was just an ordinary person.

If she was afraid of ordinary people as a cultivator, she would be too weak.

In addition, she also had powerful hacking skills! Couldn't she threaten the Gao family?

"Boss, I know you're strong, but one can never be too careful. So you better be cautious," Wu Minmin said seriously. She didn't want Leng Xiaoyao's overconfidence to give Gao Qilu a chance to take advantage of her. After all, the Gao family wasn't just any wealthy family, it was a top-tier one with a lot of power!