Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 336 Bronze Chimes

Leng Shaoting had to be cautious and couldn’t move too fast in case the night-luminescent pearl would fall, so he immediately took out his gun, shooting at the back of the zombie. However, the bullets failed to hurt it at all.

“Guns or knives are useless. It’s only afraid of fire and light!” Gu Ning said to Leng Shaoting.

The zombie abruptly turned around when it was shot in the back. It wanted to attack Leng Shaoting, but was scared of the bright light. Thus it turned back right away and continued fighting with Gu Ning.

During the three seconds when the zombie turned back, Gu Ning finally got a chance to pull out the flame thrower, spraying flame at it.

Boom! The flame thrower sprayed out strong flames which burned the zombie. It screamed and jumped around in severe pain. Gu Ning immediately took out a bottle of gasoline and poured it over the zombie. The fuel immediately ignited even stronger flames. The zombie’s agonized scream was quite horrifying and it smelt so acrid.

The three men in the first anteroom all felt terrified by the horrifying scream, and it didn’t sound like a human being’s voice.

“What is the sound? I don’t think a human being can make it.” Lao Yao’s face turned pale. He trembled in fear and hid behind Lao Da. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

“Is there any monsters?” Lao Er was also scared and guessed.

Lao Da remained silent. Although he had the same idea, he didn’t want to scare himself. They wanted to go out and check it themselves, but none of them dared to move a step.

The zombie stopped struggling after 10 minutes of being burned in strong flame. It fell down on the ground, but it was still ablaze.

It seemed easy for Gu Ning to kill the zombie, but it was just because of the flame thrower. Otherwise, it would have been extremely difficult to get rid of the zombie.

“Stare at it, in case comes alive again all of a sudden. I’ll go over there to search for ancient objects,” Gu Ning said to Leng Shaoting before she went to the coffin.

Gu Ning didn’t want Leng Shaoting to follow her, because she planned to secretly put the ancient objects into her telepathic eyes space. In addition, there was a large amount of Yin around these ancient objects. Gu Ning was unwilling to let Leng Shaoting touch them, even though he had the night-luminescent pearl in his hands.

Although the zombie stopped struggling, it twitched. Leng Shaoting was also worried that it would regain its life suddenly, so he stayed at the same place fixing his eyes on

it.

Gu Ning went to the coffin, and even though there weren’t many ancient objects in it, each piece of them was priceless. Most of them were made of bronze, which showed that this grave must have been built in the Warring States Period.

There were 12 pieces of bronze in the coffin, including a bronze sword, a bronze bird and beast pattern pot, an animal-shaped bronze statue, and so forth. Those ancient objects were completely covered by black mist, and there was no touch of white mist at all.

The man who had been buried in the coffin had already turned into a zombie, so it was understandable that the ancient objects were so evil.

Gu Ning put five pieces of bronze into her telepathic eyes space, and the other seven pieces of bronze were put into her backpack. She could easily put the ancient objects in her backpack into her telepathic eyes space as long as she wanted.

In fact, she put some pieces of bronze into her backpack for Leng Shaoting’s sake, in case he would think that it was strange that her backpack seemed the same after she had put so much stuff into it.

After that, Gu Ning went back to Leng Shaoting’s side. The black moving body was still twitching, so they couldn’t leave yet.

During this time, Gu Ning used her Jade Eyes to look into another closed anteroom. There was no coffin in it, but a wooden box and a set of bronze chimes. Seeing the bronze chimes, Gu Ning was greatly surprised, because she knew that they had to be extremely priceless.

There were 65 pieces of bronze chimes in all, which were divided into three layers and nine groups according to size, hanging on the clock frame. There was a Fu Bell and 45 Yong Bells divided into 5 groups in the middle and lower layers of the clock frame. Bells hanging in the middle layer had a bright sound, while those hanging in the lower layer had a low sound. Other than the Fu Bell and Yong Bells, there were also 19 Niu Bells, which was smaller than Yong Bells, hanging on the upper layer of the clock frame in three groups.[1]

In 19XX, in the Tomb of the Eastern Zhou Dynasty, two sets of bronze chimes were unearthed. One group was made up of nine pieces, while the other was seven. The bronze chimes were exquisitely decorated, and well-made. According to the textual research, they were the court instruments of Wu Guo in the late Spring and Autumn Period. Even after being buried in the earth for 2,500 years, the two sets of bronze chimes were still able to make clear and beautiful sounds. Unfortunately, the set of bronze chimes which consisted of three layers and nine groups were still missing.

If this set of bronze chimes in this ancient grave was discovered, it would cause a great sensation in music, art and antique industries. Many famous museums would fight for it. Moreover, the whole set was worth at least several billion yuan, which was quiet exciting. And in the wooden box were other ancient objects.

To Gu Ning’s surprise, all the ancient objects in this anteroom were purely covered with natural power.

Gu Ning thought for a while and figured it out. The ancient objects that she had just discovered were buried with a man, who must have been tortured before he had been killed. Thus those ancient objects were affected by his deep hatred. And this anteroom where the set of bronze chimes was placed was separated from that one, so there was no Yin in it.

It wasn’t hard to take the ancient objects in the wooden box, but the set of bronze chimes was too heavy to carry. In that case, Gu Ning had to put it into her telepathic eyes space, and she had to avoid Leng Shaoting. Therefore, Gu Ning said to Leng Shaoting, “Shaoting, you can stay here and I’ll go out to have a look. If you’re worried about me, you can stand at the door of this anteroom, staring at this zombie and keeping an eye on me.”

Hearing that, Leng Shaoting was of course worried about Gu Ning’s safety, but he compromised in the end.

The anteroom that Gu Ning was leaving for wasn’t far away. There was only a short distance of four meters. Leng Shaoting stood at the door, staring at the zombie which was still burning, and kept an eye on Gu Ning at the same time.

Gu Ning went to the anteroom, and used her Jade Eyes to check its door. Luckily, there were no traps or poison powder. She opened the door, which astonished Leng Shaoting. He was concerned that there could be more bats or another zombie inside.

“Ningning!” Leng Shaoting called Gu Ning worriedly.

“It’s fine,” Gu Ning comforted him, then directly pushed the door open.

Seeing that there wasn’t anything strange coming out, Leng Shaoting relaxed. Gu Ning used a flashlight to light the anteroom and said to Leng Shaoting, “There’s nothing terrifying in it, just pieces of bronze.”

Hearing that, Leng Shaoting was relieved.

Afterwards, Gu Ning walked inside. She immediately put the set of bronze chimes into her telepathic eyes space, and opened the wooden box. There was a lot of bronze in it, because bronze was quite popular during the Warring States Period. Gu Ning carried the wooden box out and put it down at the door. She then went back to check on the zombie which had finally stopped twitching and was almost burned into ashes. It was impossible for it to come alive again.

[1] Fu, Yong and Niu bells are ancient Chinese bells that have different shapes and octaves. When combined and because of their shapes they can produce a full 12-octave scale instead of just five-octaves.