Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3369: Jiang Yihan Is Beaten

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After having the meal, Leng Yehua called Jiang Youming and told him about the matter.

Jiang Youming had just finished breakfast and was about to leave when he received Leng Yehua’s call.

Jiang Youming was also angry when he found out that Jiang Yihan was hanging out with Chu Jianan again. He claimed that he didn’t know about it, but that he would stop it now that he knew.

If Chu Jianan was a good man and could marry Jiang Yihan, Jiang Youming wouldn’t be afraid to offend the Leng family and climb up to the Chu family, but unfortunately, Chu Jianan wasn’t a good man. He was just playing with Jiang Yihan.

Jiang Youming couldn’t tolerate his daughter being played with.

After hanging up the phone with Leng Yehua, he immediately went home and slapped Jiang Yihan, which angered his wife.

“Youming, what are you doing? Why did you hit Yihan all of a sudden?” Mrs. Jiang angrily scolded. Jiang Yihan was also confused.

“Why? You raised a good daughter. Didn’t you promise not to hang out with Chu Jianan after going to the Leng family last time? Why did you hang out with him again and let the Leng family see it? What’s wrong with you? Can’t you live without a man? Why are you so cheap! You’ve really humiliated me.” Jiang Youming angrily scolded. He looked at Jiang Yihan with a fierce gaze.

“What?” Mrs. Jiang was surprised and blamed Jiang Yihan. “Are you still dating Chu Jianan?”

“No, no, a friend asked me to hang out. Her brother knows Chu Jianan, so he also invited him. That’s why we met… ” Jiang Yihan explained, but it was clear that she lacked confidence. Jiang Youming and his wife could see that she was lying!

In fact, it wasn’t a friend who asked her to go, it was Chu Jianan.

Although she had grievances against Chu Jianan, she liked him more than those grievances, so she couldn’t control herself and went to see him.

That night, they even slept together.

Although Jiang’s wife was angry, she couldn’t bear to see Jiang Yihan being beaten. Therefore, even though she knew that her daughter was lying, she still defended her. “The Leng family is really annoying. They don’t even bother to understand the situation before making assumptions. Yihan didn’t know that Chu Jianan was also there.”

“Shut up! Are you still defending her now? Do you want something worse to happen before you can be satisfied? Do you want this matter to be as serious as what happened to the Gao family?” Jiang Youming scolded angrily. He didn’t know that Gao Qilu’s result was related to Leng Xiaoyao. He just used it as an example.

“I…” Mrs. Jiang had nothing to say in retort. Jiang Yihan kept her head down and said nothing.

She had promised Leng Yuqi not to hang out with Chu Jianan anymore, but she was just saying it. She had never intended to keep her word.

It was just that later on, Chu Jianan ignored her, and she couldn’t find him.

Because of that, she was upset for a while!

She only scored a little over 300 points in the National College Entrance Examination.

A few days ago, Chu Jianan contacted her again. She couldn’t say no to him and agreed to meet up.

“Did you stay with Chu Jianan again the other night when you didn’t come home?” Jiang Youming asked. Although it was a question, his tone was very certain.

“No…” Jiang Yihan hurriedly denied, but the more anxious she became, the more it showed her guilt.

“Are you sure? I will investigate.” Jiang Youming stared at her, making Jiang Yihan feel like she had nowhere to hide.

She couldn’t deny it because the truth would be exposed as soon as Jiang Youming investigated.

If her father became too angry and kicked her out of the house, what would she

After weighing the pros and cons, Jiang Yihan could only admit her mistake. “Dad, I’m sorry. I won’t have any contact with Chu Jianan again..

Although she didn’t directly admit that she was with Chu Jianan that night, she implied it.

There was a loud ‘slap!’. Jiang Youming couldn’t help slapping Jiang Yihan again, angrily gasping for breath. “You disobedient daughter, didn’t I warn you? Are you so in need of a man that you would do this? At such a young age, how can you be so cheap?!”

This time, Mrs. Jiang didn’t dare to say anything for Jiang Yihan. She was also angry and felt that her daughter was acting too cheap.

“Dad, I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. I won’t do it again.” Jiang Yihan didn’t dare say anything else and kept on apologizing.

Yesterday at noon, Leng Xiaoyao sent a message to Li Mochen, but he didn’t turn on his phone until around 1 pm today, then immediately called Leng Xiaoyao.

Firstly, Li Mochen congratulated Leng Xiaoyao on winning the provincial and national liberal arts championship. Then he said that he would be going to the capital city in three days and asked if Leng Xiaoyao had time to come over.

Leng Xiaoyao said yes, so Li Mochen said that he would book her a plane ticket.

Leng Xiaoyao refused, but Li Mochen insisted, so she had to agree and said that he could pick her up at that time.

Just two minutes after hanging up the phone, Leng Xiaoyao received the flight information, feeling a little resigned and sweet.

In the afternoon, Leng Xiaoyao said bye-bye to Leng Changyuan before going out. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Before leaving, An Chenmeng called Leng Xiaoyao and said that she happened to be with Shen Xiyin and asked if Leng Xiaoyao minded taking her with them.

Regardless of the fact that Leng Xiaoyao had a good relationship with Shen Xiyin, even if she didn’t know her, since An Chenmeng asked her, she naturally couldn’t refuse. Therefore, she agreed.

When they met, Shen Xiyin said embarrassedly, “Congratulations, Xiaoyao! I came uninvited.”

“It’s not a big deal! We are all friends!” Leng Xiaoyao said casually.

Because An Chenmeng and the others were here, Leng Xiaoyao and Shen Xiyin didn’t talk about work.

After dinner, they wanted to go to KTV to enjoy themselves, but they hesitated when they thought about their experience in the bar in the capital city.

However, since they rarely get together, they didn’t want to just go home after dinner.

Leng Xiaoyao agreed to go to KTV because they were in a private room and nothing would happen. Even if something did happen, Leng Xiaoyao could handle it.

Moreover, this was City Chang, which was their territory. No one would dare to do anything to them!

Therefore, after dinner, they went to KTV.

It was still only 8:30 pm, so they walked to KTV since it was only a kilometer away from where they had dinner.

When they arrived outside the KTV, Leng Xiaoyao saw a familiar face. He wasn’t exactly someone she was familiar with, but someone she had met once.

This person was Wang Xiangyang, Wang Yiming’s younger brother..