Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3375 I Thought You Were Somebody

Having been embarrassed by Leng Xiaoyao, Yu Yanwei was displeased. His tone naturally became colder. “Miss, you should know how to be flexible and courteous, otherwise you’ll offend someone you shouldn’t mess with and regret doing that.”

“Those who bully others to grab things have no right to talk about flexibility and courtesy, so sir, please consider your own face and don’t be too pushy.” Leng Xiaoyao retorted without hesitation. She always had a strong aversion to people who bullied others, but if they started it first, she didn’t mind fighting back with the same tactic.

“You…” Yu Yanwei was angered by Leng Xiaoyao and couldn’t believe that this girl dared to be so arrogant. “Do you know who I am?”

Once again!

Leng Xiaoyao thought this rhetorical question was simply childish. They weren’t money. Why should everyone love them? Why did they expect everyone to know them?

“Does it matter?”

The question didn’t come from Leng Xiaoyao, but from Li Mochen, who came back from the washroom.

“Li Mochen…” Seeing Li Mochen, Yu Yanwei was surprised but not afraid. Instead, he showed hostility.

Li Mochen was the friend of his archenemy and had ruined his plans several times. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After a glance at Li Mochen, Lin Xiyuan, on the other hand, was totally stunned.

She didn’t know Li Mochen, but what stunned her was his appearance, height, and figure.

This man was really rare!

Subconsciously, Lin Xiyuan moved away from Yu Yanwei a bit, as if she didn’t want Li Mochen to think that they were close.

Although Yu Yanwei didn’t see it, Leng Xiaoyao did and felt that it was funny.

“Brother Mochen, they bullied me.” Leng Xiaoyao immediately took Li Mochen’s arm and put on a look of grievance. She complained. “I saw this riding outfit first, but that woman insisted on stealing it away from me. When I refused, they threatened me. One said they would kick me out of the stable in minutes, and the other said he was someone I couldn’t afford to offend.”

Even though Leng Xiaoyao’s grievance was fake, they had really offended her. So Li Mochen looked quite serious and angry. “Young Master Yu, it seems that your power is really great! If you have the ability to kick us out of here, let’s see what you can do. Don’t disappoint me!”

It was a malicious provocation. Li Mochen wasn’t afraid to make things worse.

“You…” Yu Yanwei was angry, but didn’t dare to say anything else because he knew that he couldn’t kick Li Mochen out. Instead, he might be kicked out by the senior management and would lose face.

The person behind this stable was also powerful, so he didn’t dare to offend him easily.

“Fine!” Yu Yanwei snorted coldly and turned around to leave. Lin Xiyuan was left behind.

When Yu Yanwei left, Lin Xiyuan understood that Li Mochen wasn’t someone they should mess with. She also gave up on the outfit and chose another one. After paying for it, she chased after Yu Yanwei.

“I thought he’s somebody, but it turns out that he’s just a coward.” Leng Xiaoyao withdrew her hand from Li Mochen’s arm and said disdainfully.

With his arm empty, Li Mochen’s heart also felt empty. He felt good when Leng Xiaoyao held onto him.

Leng Xiaoyao chose the red outfit while Li Mochen chose a black one, then Li Mochen took out his black card to pay the bill. They both went to the dressing room to change.

After they left, the two employees at the counter started to discuss it.

“I thought that girl was going to be at a disadvantage against Miss Lin and Mr. Yu, but it turns out that Mr. Li is on her side.”

“Right! Is that girl Mr. Li’s girlfriend? It’s the first time I’ve seen Mr. Li with a female companion and they seemed so intimate!”

“I think it’s possible, but they make a good match. He’s handsome and she’s beautiful.”

“Yeah!”

The staff members knew Li Mochen because he had been there several times, but they didn’t know if he was a shareholder, or a family member or a friend of a shareholder.

Li Mochen and Leng Xiaoyao quickly changed into their riding gear and immediately drew everyone’s attention.

They looked so cool.

When Lin Xiyuan came out in her riding gear, she got jealous when she saw Leng Xiaoyao.

She was jealous of how stunning Leng Xiaoyao looked in the riding gear, and how Leng Xiaoyao had such a handsome man by her side.

Although Lin Xiyuan didn’t think that she was inferior to Leng Xiaoyao in looks, she didn’t have a man who was extremely handsome by her side.

She used to be very proud of herself for being close to a big shot like Yu Yanwei. Their relationship couldn’t be made public, but Yu Yanwei would give her a lot of resources, so she was playing lead roles in movies and TV shows. She was even doing advertisements for big brands. Her career was flourishing.

However, behind the scenes, she was extremely disgusted with Yu Yanwei’s look and body, especially when compared to Li Mochen. Yu Yanwei was simply a clown.

In fact, Yu Yanwei was not very attractive even when compared to most, but she had never thought that much about it before. However, now she couldn’t help comparing Yu Yanwei to Li Mochen.

…

Leng Xiaoyao ignored her gaze and followed Li Mochen to choose their horses.

Li Mochen’s horse was his own private horse that only he could ride, so it was kept separately. The horses on this side were all privately owned. The owners paid a certain amount of money each year for the stable hands to take care of them.

Li Mochen’s horse stable was next to Mu Yiyang’s, and both horses could be used by him, so he brought his own horse and Mu Yiyang’s horse out and asked Leng Xiaoyao which one she wanted.

“Yours,” Leng Xiaoyao said.

“Okay! His name is Chi Yan and he has a fiery temperament, so be careful.” Li Mochen warned. Although he knew her ability and that one horse couldn’t hurt her, he still worried about her safety.

“I know!” Leng Xiaoyao replied, walking over to Chi Yan.

However, Chi Yan was restless. Leng Xiaoyao squinted slightly. She then released her magical power to put pressure on Chi Yan.

“Good boy, be obedient. I won’t hurt you.” Leng Xiaoyao stroked its fur and Chi Yan became gentle.

Li Mochen was amused. He had forgotten that they were cultivators and could easily make the horses obedient.

Riding the horses wasn’t allowed outside the riding arena, so Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen led their horses inside before mounting them.

When they arrived at the arena, they ran into Yu Yanwei and Lin Xiyuan again, as well as many other people Li Mochen was familiar with, but he ignored them, focusing only on Leng Xiaoyao.