Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3384 Gifts to Shareholders Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Just by looking at this office, it makes me excited and want to move in immediately,” Mu Yufan said excitedly.

“It shouldn’t be long. We can move in by the end of August, just one more month.” Zhou Yunkai was also eager.

After looking at the office, they went to see the apartments and let Mu Yufan and Zhou Yunkai choose first.

Because each apartment had a different decoration style, there was a slight difference in rent, but it was only a matter of two or three hundred yuan.

Mu Yufan chose the one on the 12th floor, and Zhou Yunkai chose the one on the 15th floor.

The reason why they didn’t rent an apartment for Shen Xinyin was explained by Leng Xiaoyao. Shen Xiyin agreed on that.

Because the jewelry company hadn’t yet started, Shen Xinyin didn’t need to come to the capital city for the time being. She would only come when the game became popular and could help with the jewelry business.

It would probably take three or four months to start the jewelry business.

In the afternoon, Wu Wensi didn’t have lunch with them. Mu Yufan had a friend in the capital city, so he wanted to treat him to a meal.

Leng Xiaoyao had no objections, so Mu Yufan made the reservation.

Since Mu Yufan invited his friend, he insisted on paying for the meal.

Leng Xiaoyao originally wanted to pay for it and didn’t mind having two more friends join them, but Mu Yufan refused.

Leng Xiaoyao didn’t want to embarrass Mu Yufan, so she let him do it.

At 6:10 pm, Leng Xiaoyao and the others arrived at the restaurant. Because Mu Yufan’s friend wouldn’t be off work until 6 pm and it took at least twenty minutes on the road, they didn’t go there too early.

Leng Xiaoyao and others waited for twenty minutes until Mu Yufan’s friend arrived, along with his own friend.

It was mentioned before they arrived that there would be two people, so Leng Xiaoyao and the others didn’t mind.

Mu Yufan’s friend introduced himself and his friend to them, but didn’t mention that Leng Xiaoyao was the boss, only that they were colleagues. This was agreed upon by Leng Xiaoyao and Mu Yufan beforehand, as well as Shen Xinyin.

Mu Yufan’s friend was named Chen Sichen, and his friend was named Wang Ruihao. They were both around twenty-eight years old.

Chen Sichen was also from City Chang and his career was in the capital city, while Wang Ruihao was a local in the capital city with a good family background. Therefore, he looked somewhat arrogant and disdainful towards them.

His personality was the main reason.

“Yufan, what are you doing here in the capital city?” Chen Sichen asked.

“We’re here on a business trip.” Mu Yufan replied.

“When are you going back?” Chen Sichen asked.

“The day after tomorrow! We still have things to do tomorrow,” Mu Yufan said.

“I heard from Sichen that you’re in the technology industry,” Wang Ruihao asked. His attitude seemed fine, but there was a hint of something else.

“Yes.” Mu Yufan replied.

“We’re in the same industry!” Wang Ruihao said, “Have you ever thought about doing business in the capital city? There are more opportunities here. You might get better development if you come to the capital city!”

His tone was tinged with a hint of superiority.

“I actually plan on coming to the capital city! I’ll be coming at the end of this month,” Mu Yufan said, not sensing any ulterior motives from Wang Ruihao.

“Oh! Have you found a job yet, or are you going to look for one after you arrive? If you haven’t found one yet, you can consider our company. Our company isn’t small, it has over a hundred employees. My uncle is the HR manager, so I can help you with that,” Wang Ruihao said with a boastful attitude, making his intentions even more obvious. Even Mu Yufan clearly felt it.

However, Mu Yufan remained calm since he knew that locals in the capital city were somewhat arrogant. Even though Wang Ruihao had a hint of showing off, it might not necessarily be malicious. Besides, he did offer to help him!

Therefore, Mu Yufan still had a smile on his face and politely responded. “Thank you for your kindness, but it’s okay. I’ve found one.”

“Oh! Can I know what company you are working for?!” Wang Ruihao didn’t really want to introduce a job to Mu Yufan, so he didn’t feel anything when he heard Mu Yufan’s response. He was just curious about which company he was in.

“Just a newly opened, small company,” Mu Yufan said. Although he said that, he didn’t mean to belittle himself.

“I see! Since it’s a small company, even if you tell me, I might not know,” Wang Ruihao said, showing a disdainful look. He stopped asking about it.

Chen Sichen saw Wang Ruihao acting like this for the first time, so he was slightly displeased, but he couldn’t say anything to him, so he could only look apologetically at Mu Yufan.

Mu Yufan didn’t mind.

However, Leng Xiaoyao had a temper and didn’t want to let it go. She opened her mouth. “By the way, Mr. Chen, we’re not familiar with the capital city. Which car dealership is the biggest in the capital city? We want to go look at cars tomorrow.”

“Look at cars?” Chen Sichen was struck dumb for a second and was surprised. It turned out they came to buy a car!

Because he thought they were here to help the company buy a car, Wang Ruihao didn’t feel anything. After all, it wasn’t their own car.

“I know. I happen to have tomorrow off, so I can take you there. What kind of car do you want to buy?” Chen Sichen asked.

Leng Xiaoyao looked at Mu Yufan and Zhou Yunkai and asked, “What kind of car do you two like? Take a good look tonight. As long as it’s not more than one million yuan, it’s considered a gift for the shareholders. If the price is higher, you can pay the extra money. Xiyin will have one too, but not now. She’ll get one when she comes to the capital city often.”

Leng Xiaoyao’s words completely shocked Chen Sichen and Wang Ruihao.

What?

To buy them cars?

One million yuan?

Gifts for shareholders?

Because Mu Yufan and the others were aware that the company would provide cars for the shareholders, they weren’t surprised.

They also knew the reason why Leng Xiaoyao said this at this moment, so Mu Yufan was very moved. The boss stood up for him!

Although he didn’t mind Wang Ruihao’s low opinion of him, he did feel a little upset.

“Okay, let’s take a good look tomorrow.” Mu Yufan and Zhou Yunkai replied.

“Miss Leng, you’re so generous! It seems that you’re the big boss of your company!” Chen Sichen said. Although he couldn’t believe that a girl who looked younger than twenty years old could be the boss, only the boss could say such words.

“Yeah.” Leng Xiaoyao replied without any proud or boastful expression or attitude.

Wang Ruihao was extremely unhappy. He originally thought that they were just ordinary office workers, which made him feel superior, but he didn’t expect them to be the bosses themselves.

The big boss even gave out one million worth of cars and even gave them to three people.

Wang Ruihao said nothing else and ate the meal in silence.

After dinner, they didn’t do any more entertainment and instead went back to their hotel or home.