Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3396 Have I Ever Offended You?

“I’ll tell you!” An Chenmeng didn’t feel like there was anything she couldn’t say, so she told Mu Beihan about her and Leng Xiaoyao’s history at school.

However, since she herself had been in fights before, she didn’t hold it against them.

She was simply curious about why Leng Xiaoyao suddenly changed. “Xiaoyao, why did you suddenly change?”

Leng Xiaoyao gave a half-truthful explanation, mentioning the story about Leng Yuqi and Chu Jianan. As for her own story, she said that she had just hidden her abilities. Otherwise, it would be hard for people to accept that she suddenly knew so much.

After hearing about Leng Xiaoyao’s experience, Mu Beihan sympathized with her. “It seems like every family has its own difficult relatives who would turn on you for a man. Luckily, that man was blind and fell for your cousin instead, otherwise you wouldn’t have met Li Mochen. He’s a good man.”

When she mentioned Li Mochen, Leng Xiaoyao was slightly nervous.

“By the way, what’s your relationship with Brother Mochen?” Mu Beihan asked meaningfully. Although she knew that their relationship wasn’t common, she didn’t know if they were a couple.

“We’re just friends.” Leng Xiaoyao replied.

Mu Beihan became impatient with this answer. “I know you are friends! But are you just regular friends or more than that?”

“Guess.” Leng Xiaoyao replied mysteriously.

“If I have to guess, I’d say you’re in a romantic relationship!” Mu Beihan said confidently.

“Why do you have to assume that we’re in a romantic relationship?” Leng Xiaoyao asked.

“Because Brother Mochen has never been close to any woman before! You’re the first one,” Mu Beihan said. Otherwise, she wouldn’t assume that their relationship wasn’t normal!

“How do you know if he’s been close to any other women? If I hadn’t introduced him to you last time, you wouldn’t even know who I am!” Leng Xiaoyao retorted, but in reality, Li Mochen really kept his distance from women.

“Well…” Mu Beihan didn’t know how to respond for a moment, but she still believed that Leng Xiaoyao was the only woman who was close to Li Mochen. “Anyway, I just feel that Brother Mochen treats you differently. Tell me the truth! What’s your relationship with him? I’m really curious.”

An Chenmeng couldn’t hold back either and said, “Actually, Mr. Li is pursuing Xiaoyao!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Really?” Mu Beihan was surprised, but not shocked because she already knew their relationship wasn’t normal. “What do you think? Did you accept him? Tell you what, other than being a bit cold and having a strong presence, Brother Mochen is perfect! He’s handsome, sexy, rich, and powerful.”

“Almost,” Leng Xiaoyao said. She still didn’t admit that they were already together, not because she had anything to hide, but because it was a bit embarrassing.

If she admitted that they were together, they would probably ask for more details, which would be even more embarrassing.

They didn’t have classes after the morning meeting, so the three of them had lunch with Xiong Manxin, but didn’t go anywhere else afterwards. They went home or back to school.

The military training started the next day. Since they still had free time, they enjoyed it first.

In the evening, she had dinner with Li Mochen. The next day, Li Mochen also had something to deal with and left the capital city.

When the military training began, due to her magical power, Leng Xiaoyao found the training easy. Her performance also earned the instructor’s admiration and envy from many people

The speech Leng Xiaoyao gave during the class meeting was also spread around and posted on the campus forum. As a result, most students at the Capital University knew about it.

Most of them didn’t think highly of Leng Xiaoyao and even despised her for making such bold claims. For this reason, many people came to ask her about it.

They didn’t have good intentions and basically came to mock her.

During lunch at the canteen one day, Leng Xiaoyao was stopped by two men and two women.

“Are you Leng Xiaoyao?” one of the girls asked.

Leng Xiaoyao raised an eyebrow. “Yes.”

“She’s really good-looking. She should be the prettiest girl in our school,” a male student said, but there was no sarcasm in his words.

As soon as he said that, the two girls immediately gave him a fierce glare.

Although what the male student said was true, they were still unhappy, and jealous of Leng Xiaoyao’s good looks.

Everyone who entered the Capital University was a top student, so even though Leng Xiaoyao was the top scorer in the liberal arts, it didn’t really make her stand out.

Being the top scorer in the National College Entrance Examination didn’t mean anything. It mainly depended on whether one could do well in the future or whether one had a good family background.

After being glared at by the girls, the male student smiled awkwardly and asked Leng Xiaoyao, “I heard that you started a tech company and programmed a game that’s ready to go online. Is that true?”

“Yeah.” Leng Xiaoyao responded indifferently.

“Could it be just a website game?” the other male student asked, obviously not believing that Leng Xiaoyao could create a big-budget game.

“Whether it’s a website game or a big-budget game, you’ll know when it goes online.” Leng Xiaoyao smiled.

“I heard you also hired a spokesperson. Who did you hire?” The girl asked, looking disdainful because she was certain that Leng Xiaoyao couldn’t hire anyone famous. It was at most just a third-rate celebrity!

“Well, just keep an eye on it. You’ll know when the time comes,” Leng Xiaoyao said.

“But I want to know right now!” the girl said forcefully, as if she would punish Leng Xiaoyao if she didn’t tell her right away.

Leng Xiaoyao sneered. “What does that have to do with me? If you want to know, it’s your business. Whether I tell you or not is my business. Can you force me to say it?”

“You…” The girl was angry and threatened. “Leng Xiaoyao, I advise you to be sensible. Otherwise, if you offend someone you shouldn’t offend, you’ll regret it.”

“Did I offend anyone? Did I offend you? How did I offend you? Did I insult you or hit you?” Leng Xiaoyao’s expression turned cold as she looked at them with her eyes narrowed. Her strong magical power covered them, making them feel stressed.