Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3438 Was It Tang Lei?

Zhang Hongyu didn't want to alert them, but she immediately called Tang Lei and told him about it.

"Are you sure you didn't see it wrong?" Tang Lei expressed his doubt since he couldn't believe that anyone from the Tang family would take them in.

The Tang family didn't have any relatives living in Hanlin Manor!

Could it be Tang Heng's friend?

Those who lived in Hanlin Manor were either rich or noble. If it was Tang Heng's friend who took them in, would they investigate the situation for Tang Heng?

Although Tang Lei thought that he had hidden his dirty secrets well, he was still worried because he had done something wrong.

"I didn't see it wrong. It's really them," Zhang Hongyu said. She also hoped that she had seen it wrong, but she hadn't.

They weren't afraid of the two children, but they were afraid of the people behind them.

Therefore, after learning about it, Tang Lei instructed his wife to not alarm anyone and said that he would go to investigate personally.

As the chairman of a large corporation, investigating the owner of a property was easy for Tang Lei. Investigating a person like Leng Xiaoyao was even easier.

After finding out Leng Xiaoyao's identity, Tang Lei didn't pay much attention to her. He thought that Leng Xiaoyao had simply done a good deed by adopting Tang Xing and Tang Ning and wasn't Tang Heng's friend.

However, he still couldn't bear to see Tang Xing and Tang Ning living a good life, so he decided to do something.

After finding out which school Tang Xing and Tang Ning were studying at, he ordered his people to kidnap Tang Ning.

Why did he choose Tang Ning instead of Tang Xing? Because Tang Xing was older and harder to kidnap. Kidnapping Tang Ning was easier.

However, Tang Ning was specially watched by Feng Dongcheng, who was ordered by Leng Xiaoyao. Whenever she left school, Feng Dongcheng would pick her up in a car, leaving no chance for anyone else to hurt her. That went on for several days.

Those people still monitored Tang Xing and Tang Ning and waited for an opportunity to take action whenever they could.

Finally, they encountered an opportunity to abduct Tang Ning. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Because of the National Day holiday, Leng Xiaoyao let Tang Xing and Tang Ning have half a day off and arranged to have lunch with Mu Beihan in the afternoon. So in the afternoon, Leng Xiaoyao came to pick up Tang Xing and Tang Ning together. The car was different, so they wouldn't know she was there to pick them up.

Instead of directly taking away Tang Ning, when she came out, a man holding snakes would deliberately throw down a few to cause chaos, then take advantage of the chaos to kidnap Tang Ning.

However, before the man could act, Leng Xiaoyao discovered them because she noticed the snakes.

Therefore, she fixed her gaze on these two men who looked suspicious.

Knowing that they weren't friendly, she released her magical power towards those snakes in order to scare them off. Soon the snakes died, but the man didn't know.

Leng Xiaoyao didn't put pressure on the man because she wanted to know what he was up to. If she didn't catch them today, those who were being watched by them would still be in danger.

By catching them today, it would also serve as a warning for everyone to be more careful in the future.

When Tang Ning came out, the man holding snakes opened the bag and threw the snakes on the ground. At this time, he hadn't noticed that the snakes had died. Even if they had died, it would still cause chaos.

"Snakes!"

The crowd was in chaos, and everyone was so frightened by the snakes that no one noticed that the snakes were already dead.

In the midst of this chaos, another man ran to pick Tang Ning up. Only then did Leng Xiaoyao realize that the two of them were after Tang Ning.

Was it Tang Lei?

The only one who would deal with Tang Xing and Tang Ning was Tang Lei

When the man picked Tang Ning up and was about to run away, he was blocked by Leng Xiaoyao.

The man didn't recognize Leng Xiaoyao and thought that she just happened to be blocking his way. He planned to go around her and leave.

However, the next moment, his hands were empty and the crying Tang Ning was already in Leng Xiaoyao's arms. Then he felt a pain in his abdomen and fell to the ground.

"You…" The man didn't know what was going on. Why did she take Tang Ning away from him? Did she know something?

"Sister, there are snakes…" Tang Ning immediately cried out when she saw Leng Xiaoyao, then she hugged her tightly as if afraid of being bitten by the snakes. She had no idea that she had almost been stolen by someone else. She just thought that someone else had carried her away from the snakes.

Seeing that, the man realized that their plan was exposed.

The other man tried to run away, but Leng Xiaoyao grabbed him and kicked his calf. It was broken and the man screamed in pain.

She then threw him onto the first man.

It immediately caught everyone's attention, and they also discovered that the snakes were actually dead. The chaos subsided, and everyone wondered what was going on.

At this moment, Leng Xiaoyao questioned. "Tell me, why did you release snakes to cause chaos and try to kidnap my sister?

Upon hearing that, everyone was shocked.

These two men released the snakes and their goal was to kidnap the child?

Was it targeted, or did they take whoever they could get their hands on?

Subconsciously, the parents held their children tightly, afraid that someone might cause more chaos and steal their children.

"We didn't do it." The man immediately denied.

"Really? Do you think the cameras are just for show?" Leng Xiaoyao pointed to the camera above.

Upon seeing the camera, the man immediately tried to make excuses. "We only saw the snakes and were afraid that the child would be frightened, so we wanted to carry her away."

Onlookers began to doubt. Could it really be true?

Leng Xiaoyao sneered. "I already said there's a camera. It must have captured you releasing the snakes. Stop lying!"

The two men were at a loss for words and didn't know how to defend themselves. The crowd believed that they were the ones who did it and got angry.

"Call the police! These two people came to the school gate to kidnap the kid. It's despicable."

"Right, they must be human traffickers! Who knows how many children they have abducted!"

"These people should be locked up for life."

"…"

Teachers who maintained order outside the school immediately arrived and called the police without hesitation.

The two men wanted to say that they weren't human traffickers, but they had just tried to abduct someone else's child, so they knew that no one would believe them.

All of a sudden, they felt something pressing down on them, making their body feel heavy and unable to move.

It was Leng Xiaoyao who put pressure on them.