Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3447 Old Master Tang Leaves the Hospital

"Yes, but I'm just suspicious. It could also be someone else who has a grudge against the Tang family," said Leng Xiaoyao. Without evidence, she couldn't conclude that it was related to Tang Lei. She could only say that he was the prime suspect.

Whether it was related to Tang Lei or not, what he did was enough to get him imprisoned for life, or even sentenced to death.

"Grandpa, it's not safe for you to stay in the hospital any longer. It's even more dangerous to go back to the Tang family's house. You're fine now, so let's just leave the hospital and you can come to my house with me! Tang Xing and Tang Ning will be very happy to see you," Leng Xiaoyao said. Although she arranged for protection and surveillance, Tang Lei might bribe the attending physician to tamper with his medication!

Old Master Tang was indeed fine, and there was no need to continue to be hospitalized.

"Great, great, I'll ask to be discharged from the hospital and go with you." Old Master Tang also knew that he was no longer safe in the hospital, because he just heard that Tang Lei was going to inject him with medicine to prevent him from waking up!

Anyway, Old Master Tang was energetic and not at all like someone who had been in a coma for years. He might need some time to walk again, though.

Leng Xiaoyao immediately called for the attending physician.

She had investigated this physician beforehand and knew that he wasn't affiliated with Tang Lei, so there was no need to be so cautious.

The attending physician was amazed when he saw Old Master Tang wake up. He exclaimed that it was a miracle! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Was it really a miracle? Of course not, without Leng Xiaoyao's help, Old Master Tang might never have woken up.

Since Old Master Tang said that he wanted to leave the hospital, and that his mind was clear and his body had no problems, the physician immediately processed his discharge formalities and didn't bother informing Tang Lei.

Because he hadn't walked in years, Old Master Tang had to leave in a wheelchair.

After leaving the hospital, Leng Xiaoyao took Old Master Tang directly to Hanlin Manor. The two bodyguards' mission wasn't over yet, but Leng Xiaoyao transferred them to her home.

She was worried that Tang Lei would investigate and find out that Old Master Tang was here, and secretly send someone to attack him. It was better to be safe than sorry, especially since she had classes during the day and couldn't look after Old Master Tang.

Although Qin Miao and Song Qingling were at Li Mochen's house, they only appeared at night and couldn't do anything during the day.

There were three rooms on the first floor: one for Leng Changyuan, one for Leng Yecheng, and one was Maid Tong's room.

Before going home, Leng Xiaoyao called Maid Tong and asked her to move to a room on the second floor, tidy up her old room, and clean up the room where Leng Yecheng used to live. She said that she would be coming back with her grandfather and two bodyguards.

When they got home, Maid Tong had already finished Leng Xiaoyao's order.

Old Master Tang was surprised when he saw how nice Hanlin Manor was.

"Did your Grandfather Leng buy you this house?" Old Master Tang asked, because Leng Xiaoyao hadn't told him about her situation yet.

"No, I bought it myself. There was a stock market turmoil a while ago and I made over a hundred million yuan from it. Since I'm coming to study at a university in the capital city, I bought a house and started a tech company. We just released a game less than a month ago and it's doing pretty well," Leng Xiaoyao said.

Old Master Tang was amazed by her capabilities.

He didn't expect his granddaughter he only had met once to be so outstanding.

"Welcome home, Xiaoyao." Maid Tong greeted her when she returned.

At first, Maid Tong called Leng Xiaoyao Miss Leng, but Leng Xiaoyao told her to call her by her name instead.

"This is my grandpa. You can call him Old Master Tang." Leng Xiaoyao introduced her grandfather.

"Nice to meet you, Old Master Tang. I'm a maid working in Xiaoyao's home. You can call me Tong. You can tell me what you want to eat, and I can prepare it for you," Maid Tong said.

"Great." Old Master Tang responded.

Leng Xiaoyao first took the two bodyguards to the room and let them do as they pleased. Then she took Old Master Tang to the room arranged for him.

He wasn't ready to sit for too long yet, so he still needed to lie down.

Without her lifting a finger, the bodyguards directly carried him onto the bed, then left.

"Can you tell me about your parents?" Old Master Tang asked, thinking of his poor daughter and feeling sad.

"My father's name is Leng Yezhe. He was a soldier. My mother's name is Tang Yue. She started her own business and had a design company. However, five years ago, my father died on a mission, and my mother also had an accident and passed away. My grandfather and younger uncle have been very good to me, even during the years when I became difficult and willful after my parents' death. They were patient with me and tolerated me. However, my relationship with my elder uncle's family isn't very good, so let's not mention them. Half a year ago, I suddenly became enlightened and stopped being mischievous, and started studying seriously. Actually, I don't know much about my mother's situation. I only know she was an orphan named Tang Yue. However, now I suspect that my mother had amnesia at that time. Maybe she only remembered her name was Tang Yue. If she didn't have amnesia, why would she say she was an orphan instead of having a family?" Leng Xiaoyao said.

Hearing Leng Xiaoyao's words, Old Master Tang also felt that Tang Yue had amnesia. Otherwise, why wouldn't she come home?

No one in the Tang family treated Tang Yue badly, so she couldn't have just left her family for no reason.

If there was anyone who treated her badly, it would only be Tang Lei.

In that case, it seemed that Tang Yue's disappearance was a scheme.

Later on, the accident involving his third child was probably not just an accident, but also part of the conspiracy.

"Grandpa, are there any trustworthy shareholders left in the Tang Corporation?" Leng Xiaoyao asked. If there were still trustworthy shareholders, things would be easier to handle. If not, Old Master Tang would have trouble regaining control of the Tang Corporation.

Although she had learned about all the shareholders of the Tang Corporation and knew some details, she still needed Old Master Tang's confirmation.

"There are only ten shareholders in the Tang Corporation. I hold 50% of the shares, followed by my third brother Tang Kangwei with 10%, and Tang Lei with 10%. The rest are only a few percentage points each. Among them, Xiang Kaiyao and He Ming each hold 5%, and they have always been loyal to me. Of course, I can't be 100% sure they still remain loyal to me now, so we need to make sure of it before we approach them," Old Master Tang said.

Given what Leng Xiaoyao learned, Xiang Kaiyao and He Ming did maintain neutrality and didn't lean towards either Tang Kangwei or Tang Lei. However, the others had already split into two factions.