Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3450 Ning Muqing Encounters Trouble

At that time, there were two men and a woman beside him, but he didn't know what their relationship was. Old Master Tang's discharge wasn't forced.

Tang Lei knew that it was impossible for someone to force him. That was the most terrifying thing. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The vice president checked the surveillance cameras, but found that they were broken. It was unknown who took Old Master Tang away.

Tang Lei had to immediately send someone to investigate.

He didn't tell anyone in the Tang family about that because he didn't want them to know that Old Master Tang had awakened, as he wanted to do something to Old Master Tang secretly.

He wouldn't allow Old Master Tang to return to the Tang Corporation.

He suspected Tang Kangwei, Xiang Kaiyao, He Ming, and was even suspicious of Leng Xiaoyao, who adopted Tang Xing and Tang Ning, because he thought that those people were more likely to take Old Master Tang away.

In addition to investigating Old Master Tang's whereabouts, Tang Lei sent someone to kidnap Tang Xing or Tang Ning again. It would ensure that after Old Master Tang appeared, Tang Lei could still control him by holding Tang Ning and Tang Xing hostage.

Therefore, that afternoon, Tang Xing and Tang Ning were targeted again.

Fortunately, Leng Xiaoyao had already sent someone to protect them, so those people who targeted them didn't have the opportunity to make a move.

When Leng Xiaoyao returned home in the afternoon, she found someone was spying on her. She guessed that Tang Lei had suspected her and that the person was sent by him.

Tang Lei's suspicion didn't surprise Leng Xiaoyao at all. After all, after investigating Tang Xing and Tang Ning, it was easy to find her.

Fortunately, Leng Xiaoyao had already taken precautions and told Old Master Tang in the morning not to go out for the time being. If he wanted to exercise, he could just walk around the house.

She also instructed the two bodyguards not to allow any strangers into the yard. If they found any suspicious characters lingering outside the villa, they should expel them.

The person who was spying on her home didn't approach, so the bodyguards didn't notice him. It was just that as a cultivator, she had acute senses and easily noticed him.

Although Old Master Tang didn't go out, she didn't like being watched like this, so she went straight to the person who was spying on her.

The man saw Leng Xiaoyao coming and became flustered. He realized he had been discovered, but didn't run away directly. If he ran away directly, he would be exposed.

Even if Leng Xiaoyao was suspicious of him, he wouldn't admit it.

"Why are you staring at my house?" Leng Xiaoyao walked up to the man and asked angrily.

"I'm staring at your house?" The man pretended to be surprised when he heard that. "Why do you say I'm staring at your house? I'm just walking around here. How does that become staring at your house?"

However, the man felt guilty. This woman was too sensitive! She easily noticed that he was staring at her house.

However, he couldn't admit it.

"I said you're staring at my house, so you're staring at my house. Tell me, are you trying to steal something from my house?" Leng Xiaoyao said with a domineering attitude.

The man was angry. "What kind of nonsense are you talking about? I'm so far away from your house. Why would I want to steal something from your house?"

"I don't think you're a good person. If you keep staring at my house, I'll call the police." Leng Xiaoyao took out her phone and acted like she was going to call the police.

"You…" The man was angry and guilty. He couldn't refute her for a while because he was indeed staring at her house, and he didn't live in this villa area. If Leng Xiaoyao really called the police, it would really be troublesome!

"You're unreasonable! I don't want to argue with you crazy woman." The man pretended to be indignant and left.

Leng Xiaoyao couldn't directly attack him, so she could only scare him away.

When Leng Xiaoyao returned home, she told Old Master Tang about what happened.

"I think Tang Lei will go after Tang Xing or Tang Ning next as a threat against me." Old Master Tang looked serious and worried.

"Uncle Feng is a retired soldier and is good at fighting. I have also added another bodyguard who is good at fighting. If Tang Lei only sends ordinary people, then it's fine. I'm afraid that he'll send someone who is good at fighting or playing dirty tricks…" Leng Xiaoyao said with some worry. "Why don't we ask for leave for Tang Xing and Tang Ning? Let's try to deal with Tang Lei this week. Otherwise, if something unexpected happens later, it will be too late to regret."

"I think so." Old Master Tang had the same intention. Almost all the members in the Tang family had died. Only Tang Xing and Tang Ning remained. He couldn't risk their safety.

Therefore, Leng Xiaoyao directly helped Tang Xing and Tang Ning take leave from school. Because both schools received donations due to their attendance, the principals of both schools treated Tang Xing and Tang Ning differently.

Furthermore, Leng Xiaoyao said that because of the family's situation, they were in danger and needed to be protected at home for the time being.

Since Leng Xiaoyao said so, how could the principals not agree!?

Otherwise, if something bad happened to Tang Xing and Tang Ning at school, they would also be responsible! It would have an impact on the school too.

…

Before they solved the problems in the Tang family, Ning Muqing encountered trouble.

Wang Pengyu was really desperate and drove his car to crash into Ning Muqing and her brother. He had the ruthless idea of dying together with them.

Ning Guanjie's car fell down from a bridge over ten meters high after being hit, and Wang Pengyu's car also fell down. Both cars were severely deformed after the fall.

In the end, Ning Guanjie and Ning Muqing were only slightly injured, but Wang Pengyu died on the spot.

That result made everyone sigh, and it also shocked Ning Guanjie and Ning Muqing.

Ning Muqing thought of the talisman given to her by Leng Xiaoyao and immediately opened her collar to check around her neck.

She saw that the talisman had turned into ashes. She realized that they were only slightly injured because of the talismans given by Leng Xiaoyao.

"Oh my God! Leng Xiaoyao's talismans really work…" Although she had an inexplicable trust in Leng Xiaoyao, she still felt that it was too mysterious and had doubts in her heart.

However, at this moment, she believed it without a doubt.

Ning Guanjie didn't believe it at first. However, now he was extremely shocked.

"This is really helpful…" Ning Guanjie was stunned and found it hard to digest. He felt that the world was magical and wondered if all of that was a dream or real.

Ning Guanjie digested the news for a long time before accepting this fact. He felt ashamed of his previous doubts about Leng Xiaoyao and felt grateful and admired Leng Xiaoyao for saving their lives.

Leng Xiaoyao was definitely not an ordinary person.

He even began to wonder if Leng Xiaoyao was an immortal.