Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3453 Have Interest in Leng Xiaoyao?

?

Lin Xiaoyou knew Zhang Hao's character. Since he was so decisive, there was basically no room for negotiation.

However, she blamed Ning Muqing for it.

As a result, Lin Xiaoyou immediately looked at Ning Muqing with resentment and rushed towards her, baring her teeth and claws. "Ning Muqing, why did you ruin my happiness…"

Ning Guanjie had been silent the whole time, but it didn't mean that he would allow Lin Xiaoyou to harm Ning Muqing. So before Lin Xiaoyou could even touch Ning Muqing, he blocked her and pushed her away without hesitation, causing Lin Xiaoyou to lose her balance and fall to the ground.

"Why did you ruin Muqing's happiness then?" Ning Guanjie asked in return, his eyes full of anger. If it hadn't been for his sister's words about not retaliating against Lin Xiaoyou earlier, he wouldn't have let Lin Xiaoyou get away with ruining Ning Muqing's relationship.

Without waiting for Lin Xiaoyou to say anything, Ning Guanjie continued. "Muqing treated you as a good friend. Your work ethic was not good, but she still let you work in my family's company and gave you a good salary, but what did you do? You repaid her kindness by stealing her boyfriend. Of course, the man who was stolen away wasn't worth Muqing's love, but the person who stole him away couldn't be you."

Hearing Ning Guanjie's words, onlookers couldn't help but angrily scold Lin Xiaoyou.

"This woman is shameless. They helped her so much, yet she still stole her friend's boyfriend."

"Even if she's stolen him, they're not even together. She didn't do it out of love, but out of jealousy towards her friend. That's even more despicable."

"That's right. It's obvious that she deliberately stole her friend's boyfriend out of jealousy."

"She's really shameless, considering how much her friend has helped her!"

"…"

Lin Xiaoyou felt extremely embarrassed and wished she could find a hole to hide in. She was very unwilling and wanted to argue with Ning Muqing, but she had no confidence left and could only leave dejectedly.

At this point, Lin Xiaoyou regretted everything.

She regretted seducing Wang Pengyu and betraying Ning Muqing.

What was so good about Wang Pengyu? He was just an ordinary man from an ordinary family. On the other hand, she and Ning Muqing were good friends and were doing well in the Ning familys business. She even had a boyfriend like Zhang Hao.

Although Zhang Hao's family background was also ordinary, he had a house and a car in the capital city and earned nearly five to six hundred thousand yuan a year. He treated her pretty well too.

Just as Lin Xiaoyou left, Leng Xiaoyao arrived. She happened to see Ning Guanjie and Ning Muqing in the restaurant lobby.

As soon as Ning Muqing saw Leng Xiaoyao, she told her about what had just happened, feeling relieved.

Perhaps only at this moment could Ning Muqing truly let go of everything.

Although she didn't pursue Lin Xiaoyou too much before, Lin Xiaoyou had deeply hurt her. If she didn't teach her a lesson, she would keep holding a grudge in her heart.

After teaching her a lesson, she would naturally feel much better.

Seeing Leng Xiaoyao again, Ning Guanjie not only felt grateful, he also had different thoughts.

Leng Xiaoyao wasn't only beautiful, she was also capable. Such a woman would easily make men fall for her!

Therefore, Ning Guanjie became unusually enthusiastic towards Leng Xiaoyao. However, he wouldn't be too excessive and let people see through his intentions.

Leng Xiaoyao couldn't tell because she didn't know Ning Guanjie well. She had just saved their lives, so she thought that Ning Guanjie's warmth and politeness towards her were understandable.

However, as Ning Guanjie's younger sister, Ning Muqing knew Ning Guanjie's character well and could see that he was behaving differently towards Leng Xiaoyao.

However, since Ning Muqing knew that Leng Xiaoyao already had a boyfriend, she knew that her brother was destined to fail.

Although she didn't know who Leng Xiaoyao's boyfriend was, she knew that the man was a friend of Wu Wensi.

Since he was Wu Wensi's friend, his background shouldn't be simple.

Most importantly, anyone who caught Leng Xiaoyao's eye must not be simple either.

After eating and parting ways, Ning Muqing directly asked Ning Guanjie, "Brother, do you have feelings for Leng Xiaoyao?"

"Don't be ridiculous!" Ning Guanjie didn't admit it because he thought it wasn't time to do so.

Ning Mujing didn't believe it, but she didn't point it out and just said, "That's good. After all, Leng Xiaoyao already has a boyfriend."

"What? Leng Xiaoyao has a boyfriend? Didn't she just come to the capital city?" Ning Guanjie couldn't accept it. He thought that Leng Xiaoyao had just arrived in the capital city and hadn't even been in class for a month. It was impossible for her to have a boyfriend so quickly.

He never thought that Leng Xiaoyao already had a boyfriend.

Could it be that her boyfriend also came to the capital city from City Chang after the exam?

One second earlier he still denied it, but the next second he gave himself away.

"I don't know about that, but I do know that Leng Xiaoyao's boyfriend is friends with Wu Wensi," Ning Mujing said.

If the man was friends with Wu Wensi, then Leng Xiaoyao's boyfriend couldn't be a student who came to the capital city with her. Instead, Leng Xiaoyao's boyfriend might be someone with a powerful background.

It made sense. Leng Xiaoyao was outstanding, and anyone who could be with her wouldn't be ordinary either.

Ning Guanjie was instantly discouraged. Regardless of whether Leng Xiaoyao's boyfriend was important or not, he didn't have a chance because he wouldn't pursue a girl with a boyfriend. His values wouldn't allow him to do so.

Fortunately, his feelings for her weren't deep yet, so he could still back off.

Ning Mujing knew that her brother was rational, so she didn't say anything else.

… Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

After a few days of exercise, Old Master Tang's limbs could move flexibly again. He still needed a crutch to walk, but his physical condition was still good and strong.

It surprised Old Master Tang very much. He thought that it was a miracle!

What he didn't know was that it was all thanks to Leng Xiaoyao's input of magical power. Otherwise, he wouldn't have recovered so quickly.

Now that Old Master Tang had recovered, it was time for him to pay Tang Lei back.

Tang Lei had arranged for someone to spy on Leng Xiaoyao's villa for the past few days. He hadn't given up even after being discovered last time.

After discovering that Tang Xing and Tang Ning had taken leave, he became even more suspicious that Old Master Tang might have been taken away by Leng Xiaoyao.

However, after spying on them for a few days, nothing was found because Old Master Tang, Tang Xing and Tang Ning hadn't left the house.

The man who spied on them didn't dare to get too close because he would be discovered if he did.

Tang Lei was very anxious these days. The matters at the company and Old Master Tang's situation were both bothering him.

Now that Old Master Tang had recovered well, he planned to launch an attack on Tang Lei and naturally had to contact Xiang Kaiyao and He Ming first.