Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3456 Shouldn't Work?

Although he wasn't a just person and wanted to steal his elder brother's property, he never thought of using murder to take it all because he was also afraid.

Tang Kangwei's words made Tang Lei inexplicably uneasy. He was also afraid because he didn't know where Old Master Tang was. He was afraid that what he said that day was overheard by Old Master Tang, so he was hiding and looking for evidence.

Although he might not be able to find evidence, once Old Master Tang woke up, he would no longer be able to hold his position.

Despite that, he pretended to be calm on the surface. "Humph! I didn't do any of those things. What should I be afraid of?"

Although the soundproofing effect of the conference room was good, Old Master Tang could still hear their conversation clearly because he and others were standing outside the door.

As soon as he heard Tang Lei's voice, Old Master Tang became so angry that he almost fainted several times if it hadn't been for Leng Xiaoyao giving him magical power.

"Knock, knock!"

At this time, Leng Xiaoyao walked forward and knocked on the door.

As soon as they heard the knocking sound, Xiang Kaiyao and He Ming knew that Old Master Tang had come.

They knew that Old Master Tang had woken up and had talked to him, but they hadn't seen Tang Lao after he woke up. At this moment, they were a little excited. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Because they were loyal to Old Master Tang, they had always been suppressed by Tang Lei. They also felt very depressed.

When Old Master Tang regained control of the Tang Corporation, they would be like a phoenix rising from the ashes.

"Come in." Tang Lei opened his mouth, thinking that it was his subordinate who had something to say. After all, no one dared to interrupt the meeting without a reason.

As soon as the door opened, they first saw Leng Xiaoyao's stunning face, which impressed everyone.

Although Tang Lei had seen Leng Xiaoyao's photo, he didn't recognize her at first sight. Seeing a stranger, he immediately became angry and vented his anger at her. "Who are you? You can't come in here. Why didn't anyone stop her?"

"Because no one dares to stop me." Leng Xiaoyao coldly smiled, then walked in.

Everyone was stunned by Leng Xiaoyao's arrogance. Before Tang Lei could get angry again, they saw the person who came in behind Leng Xiaoyao and everyone was stunned.

Wasn't it Old Master Tang?

Xiang Kaiyao and He Ming immediately stood up to greet him. "Chairman Tang, you're back."

Other people also stood up one after another with mixed emotions.

"Dad, where have you been these past few days? I couldn't find you anywhere. Why didn't you call me when you woke up?" Tang Lei immediately asked with concern. Even though he was anxious and uneasy at the moment, he had to stay calm.

Old Master Tang looked at Tang Lei meaningfully. "After I woke up, I happened to meet my granddaughter, so I went to her house with her."

Although he resented Tang Lei, he temporarily suppressed his true feelings.

However, Tang Lei felt extremely uncomfortable being stared at by Old Master Tang like this. When he heard what Old Master Tang said, he was surprised. "Granddaughter? When did you have a granddaughter?"

Not only Tang Lei but everyone else was surprised except for Xiang Kaiyao and He Ming.

"My granddaughter is naturally Tang Yue's daughter," Old Master Tang said.

Hearing that, everyone was surprised.

Tang Lei couldn't help but blurt out, "What? Tang Yue's daughter? Hasn't Tang Yue already…"

Just in time, Tang Lei stopped talking, but his words had already revealed something.

"What?" Old Master Tang looked at him with a cold gaze.

"Tang Yue has disappeared, hasn't she?" Tang Lei said.

Tang Yue's disappearance was, of course, something everyone knew about, but Tang Lei's attitude just now clearly indicated that he had other intentions.

"She's just missing, not dead," Old Master Tang said.

When Tang Lei heard that Tang Yue wasn't dead, he became nervous because Tang Yue had seen him before.

However, if Tang Yue wasn't dead, why hadn't she come back for so many years?

Thinking that, Tang Lei asked, "If Tang Yue isn't dead, why hasn't she come back for so many years? She made you miss her so much, dad."

Hearing Tang Lei's words, everyone was also doubtful.

Although they were all old members of the Tang Corporation and several of them had seen Tang Yue before, it had been so many years that they had long forgotten what she looked like. So many people had doubts about the identity of Leng Xiaoyao.

"Right! If Tang Yue isn't dead, why hasn't she come back for so many years? Could this granddaughter be someone impersonating her?"

"After all, being the granddaughter of the Chairman of the Tang Corporation is such a temptation!"

"Chairman Tang, you must be careful not to be deceived."

"…"

"She's not dead, but she lost her memory. Anyway, now…" Old Master Tang didn't say anything more, but Tang Yue was already dead.

However, the words he didn't say made everyone feel that Tang Yue had regained her memory and had come back.

"Alright, I've been a vegetable for these years. Tang Heng and his wife also died. Tang Lei has helped me manage the company for several years. Now that I'm back, I'll take over the company." Old Master Tang said as he walked towards the main seat. Leng Xiaoyao supported him, afraid that he would be too angry to stand.

"Dad, you just woke up. You shouldn't be working. You should rest well. Anyway, I've been managing it for these years. I can help you manage it for a few more days. When you feel better, you can take over again." Tang Lei knew this was unavoidable, but he was reluctant to accept the result. So he wanted to buy some time and do something.

While saying that, he also gave a look to the shareholders who supported him, wanting them to help speak up.

However, the result was that no one took any action. Before Tang Lei got angry, Old Master Tang said, "Perhaps you don't have the time to manage it any longer."

Tang Lei was stunned, and the feeling of unease became even stronger. "W-What do you mean?"

Could it be that Old Master Tang had some evidence?

If Old Master Tang had only heard what he said earlier, he wouldn't be too worried because a conviction required evidence, and Old Master Tang wouldn't have any.

However, if Old Master Tang had other evidence, that would be bad.

Anyway, Tang Kangwei hadn't found any evidence for so many years. He didn't believe that Old Master Tang could find evidence within a few days after waking up.

However, he couldn't remain calm when he indeed had done something wrong.

"You'll know in a moment," Old Master Tang said. He didn't want to say too much for the time being because it would take more effort later. It would be better to wait until the police arrived to say everything together.

"Brother, do you have any evidence about Tang Lei's crimes?" Tang Kangwei asked. He hadn't done anything wrong to Tang Kangquan, so he wasn't anxious when facing him.