Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3459  A Year Later

In the blink of an eye, a year had passed.

Leng Xiaoyao had been in this time and space for a year and a half. Her abilities as a cultivator hadn't only been restored, but had even broken through the Golden Core Stage and reached the initial stage of the Yuan Ying Period.

Li Mochen had also recovered to the peak of the Yuan Ying Period, and would soon break through to the Inspiration Stage. All he needed now was an opportunity.

Normally, cultivators' cultivation wouldn't improve so quickly, but they were different. Their original levels were already so high. They were just suppressed.

To be precise, it took them three years to recover their abilities.

During winter vacation, they had an adventure.

They went into mountains to cultivate, but they accidentally fell into a black hole. When they woke up and walked out of the cave, they found themselves in a forest where countless magical beasts roamed.

They stayed in the forest for two years, hunting and cultivating.

Because they couldn't leave the forest, their abilities continued to recover.

Leng Xiaoyao even made a breakthrough.

They also hunted many magical beasts and filled her not-so-small storage ring with hundreds of thousands of year-old magical beasts, thousands of millennium magical beasts, and several hundred century-old magical beasts.

Magical beasts were good supplements for enhancing magical power for cultivators!

Especially the beast cores inside the magical beasts, which could be used to refine pills or make formations.

In Guiyun, a thousand-year-old beast core could be exchanged for a lot of magical stones or gold and silver.

The specific value depended on its grade. Thousand-year-old beast cores could range from one thousand to nine thousand years old, and there were several grades within that range.

With these treasures, they had accumulated quite a fortune for when they returned to Guiyun.

Magical beasts weren't easy to find in Guiyun. They were extremely precious.

During these two years, Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen ate magical beast meat every day. Fortunately, after getting the storage ring, Leng Xiaoyao had prepared some daily necessities such as tents, clothes, blankets, pots, pans, rice, oil, and salt.

Leng Xiaoyao prepared these things for use when cultivating deep in the mountains.

Therefore, during these two years, they didn't suffer at all in this forest. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Moreover, they also found many treasures in the forest that were left behind by other cultivators who had been here before. Those cultivators must have died in this forest.

Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen found three more storage rings filled with many magical beasts, magical stones, and pills.

Li Mochen only took one for temporary use, and gave the rest to Leng Xiaoyao.

When they finally found their way out, they discovered that only two days had passed, but their abilities had indeed recovered.

After that, they fell into another different space.

However, after coming out, Leng Xiaoyao had a heavenly tribulation because she didn't go through it when she broke through in the forest.

Li Mochen recovered his abilities while Leng Xiaoyao ascended to the Yuan Ying Stage. They knew that it was time to return to Guiyun.

Therefore, in the six months after they came out, in addition to cultivating, Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen also made arrangements in the mortal world.

Leng Xiaoyao wrote a will. If she didn't return within two years, all her assets would be transferred to Leng Yecheng.

Before that, Leng Xiaoyao went to City Chang and had a long talk with Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng to tell them everything.

She knew that they couldn't accept it when they found out that Leng Xiaoyao wasn't the original Leng Xiaoyao, but had experienced two incarnations, but they would have been even more unable to accept it if she hadn't told them.

It was true that they couldn't accept it when they found out that Leng Xiaoyao was a cultivator and saw her abilities.

It wasn't until they knew that Leng Xiaoyao was a cultivator and saw her abilities that they gradually accepted this fact, but they grieved in their hearts, because they were about to lose her.

Although Leng Xiaoyao was only going to another world, they didn't know how she would be in that world!

However, if she didn't say anything, they might look for her for many years, which would be a waste of time and money and would be more painful.

Leng Xiaoyao directly handled the procedures for taking a leave of absence from school, then stayed with Leng Changyuan for a month before leaving.

During this month, both Leng Changyuan and Leng Yecheng were in a state of anxiety, sometimes better and sometimes worse.

Leng Yehua's family, who didn't know the truth, also felt that something wasn't right. However, no one said anything, so they didn't bother much.

Before leaving, Leng Xiaoyao invited all her friends to dinner. She didn't mention that she was leaving, only that she was going abroad.

After everything was arranged properly, Leng Xiaoyao went with Li Mochen to City Qin and that ancient mansion.

When Leng Yan and the other ghosts saw Li Mochen again, they guessed that he had already regained his abilities.

"Master, have you already regained your abilities?" Leng Yan asked.

"Yes, I have already regained my abilities. Now, I can open the formation and enter the backyard," Li Mochen said.

"Really?"

Leng Yan and the other ghosts nodded excitedly, then they stopped outside the backyard gate.

Li Mochen opened the formation with ease, then opened the gate to the backyard.

Surprisingly, after eleven years had passed, there was no dust or damage in the backyard, it was just like before.

Li Mochen went directly to the cultivation room. On the magical stone bed inside, a man sat cross-legged. The man wore a long purple gown and his black hair, which was like silk, was tied up high. His features were extraordinary and a few strands of his hair fluttered in the wind.

This man was Li Mochen's real body - Chu Yin.

Chu Yin was no less attractive than Li Mochen, but what was different was that Chu Yin exuded the temperament of a fallen immortal, while Li Mochen was cold and indifferent.

Seeing this fallen immortal in front of her, Leng Xiaoyao couldn't help staring in awe for a moment.

Li Mochen noticed her expression and was displeased. He immediately stood in front of Leng Xiaoyao and asked with jealousy, "Is he better-looking than me?"

"Ha-ha!" Hearing that, Leng Xiaoyao burst out laughing. "Li Mochen, that's you! Are you jealous of yourself?"

"For me, he is myself, but not for you," Li Mochen said.

Leng Xiaoyao looked up at the sky speechlessly. However, she thought of a very important question. "Since your real body is still here, are you using your current body or your real body?"

It was Li Mochen whom she had feelings for, not Chu Yin. So naturally, she hoped that Li Mochen would continue to use his current body. However, there were still many things she didn't know, so she couldn't just break the rules that should be followed just because of her own wishes and cause trouble for Li Mochen.