Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3460 Become a Dao Couple

"Although I'm just a soul, now I have an independent body, so I don't have to return to my original body, but the fusion of the two is inevitable because only by merging can I have the appearance of my original body and return to the Tiancheng faction," said Li Mochen.

Li Mochen had to return to the Tiancheng faction and confront Ling Feng. It was imperative.

However, he had no intention of taking the position of the sect leader.

Why didn't he want to be the sect leader after confronting Ling Feng?

As a cultivator, he valued causality the most, and he had the responsibility to deal with the troubles caused by him.

If he didn't seek justice for his subordinates and disciples who died because of him, he couldn't get over it, which would hinder his ascension during the tribulation.

After hearing Li Mochen's explanation, Leng Xiaoyao was a bit excited. "So, as long as the two merge, you can become either Li Mochen or Chu Yin?"

Li Mochen was unhappy. He gritted his teeth and said, "When I become Chu Yin, I won't have any intimate actions with you, so you'd better get rid of the thoughts in your mind now."

"Fine!" Leng Xiaoyao felt that it was a shame, but didn't dwell on it.

Next was Li Mochen's fusion with Chu Yin's body.

After the two merged, a large amount of magical energy suddenly rushed towards Li Mochen.

Li Mochen and Chu Yin both had an epiphany.

The worries in Chu Yin's mind were gone after his body merged with Li Mochen's.

An epiphany was the fastest way to improve one's cultivation level, but it was also the most dangerous time to be disturbed.

Although there were only a few ghosts like Leng Yan outside the courtyard, just in case, Leng Xiaoyao immediately took out magical stones from the storage ring and set up a formation in the yard.

She learned a lot about formations from Li Mochen!

Leng Yan and the other ghosts were outside, but they felt excited when they sensed the surging magical energy around them. Then they realized that Li Mochen had an epiphany.

Li Mochen was already at the peak of the Yuan Ying Period, and after the epiphany, he would reach the Out-of-body Period.

Even if Immortal Ling Feng's cultivation had improved a lot in the past ten years, it would be considered fast if he could reach the early stage of the Out-of-body Period.

Maybe he was just at the peak of the Yuan Ying Period!

In order to prevent Li Mochen's epiphany from being disturbed by other things, Leng Yan, Qin Miao and Song Qingling immediately guarded the yard.

Without surprise, because of the rich magical power, it attracted a lot of strange things. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

However, they were just a few unimportant ghosts and demons. They were far from Leng Yan's level, so they didn't dare to get close, and only absorbed a little of the leaked magical power from close‐by.

Li Mochen's cultivation level continued to rise to the Out-of-body primary stage, Out-of-body middle stage, and Out-of-body peak.

He woke up and felt overjoyed about his cultivation level.

However, he had to face the thunder tribulation next.

Li Mochen didn't have time to talk to Leng Xiaoyao and immediately left the house.

Then came a deafening thunderclap.

After the thunder tribulation, Li Mochen still needed time to stabilize his cultivation base, so they couldn't immediately open the teleportation array to return to Guiyun.

Li Mochen fused his bodies and regained the storage space, which was a space that people could go inside.

However, only Li Mochen could enter the space, and Leng Xiaoyao couldn't for the time being.

If Leng Xiaoyao wanted to enter this space, either she had to regard Li Mochen as her master, or she had to become Li Mochen's Dao companion.

Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen were in a romantic relationship, so it was impossible for Leng Xiaoyao to take him as her master. They could only become a Dao couple.

In Guiyun, cultivators didn't have to get married or have marriage certificates. As long as they became Dao couples, they were recognized by the heavens as a pair, and no one could destroy their relationship.

After becoming Dao couples, their lives and death were tied together. If one died, the other couldn't survive.

However, there were also many benefits. If one advanced in cultivation, the other would also advance.

After Li Mochen told Leng Xiaoyao about that, Leng Xiaoyao had no objection to becoming his Dao partner.

After becoming a Dao couple, Leng Xiaoyao felt that her cultivation level was rapidly increasing, from the early stage of the Yuan Ying Period to the peak of the Yuan Ying Period.

It felt really good.

However, Li Mochen then told Leng Xiaoyao the real meaning of being a Dao couple. "Being a Dao couple also means being dual cultivators, so the Dao couple contract isn't just a soul contract, but also involves physical cultivation…"

As he said that, Li Mochen's gaze towards Leng Xiaoyao changed, as if he was looking at her sitting naked in front of him.

Although their romantic relationship had been established for more than a year, they hadn't yet slept together.

It wasn't that Li Mochen didn't want to, or that he didn't react to it, but he respected Leng Xiaoyao.

Leng Xiaoyao was stunned for a moment when she heard that, then her entire face turned red as she glared at Li Mochen. "Why didn't you tell me earlier?"

Li Mochen was upset. "If I had told you earlier, would you still have become my Dao partner?"

"…"

For a moment, Leng Xiaoyao couldn't answer. She thought to herself that she definitely wouldn't refuse! It was just that it was embarrassing to say it aloud.

"Humph! I'm not talking to you anymore." Leng Xiaoyao felt very embarrassed and immediately walked out of the room.

Li Mochen didn't stop her. Instead, he smiled like a cat that had successfully stolen some fish.

Anyway, they had already become a Dao couple, and dual cultivation was just a matter of time. He would give her some time to accept it!

Leng Xiaoyao visited the backyard of the house while Li Mochen walked over. "Actually, this backyard was originally in the storage space. When I was teleported here by the teleportation array, this yard was also teleported along with me. Leng Yan and the others can stay in the yard now, but if they want to enter the storage space, they must form a master-servant contract with me."

"Then go tell them," Leng Xiaoyao said. Although they could use the teleportation array without entering the storage space, once they arrived at Guiyun, they would be in danger. After all, they couldn't protect them all the time.

If they entered the storage space, there would be no danger.

After Li Mochen and Leng Xiaoyao told Qin Miao and Song Qingling about it, they naturally agreed without hesitation.

Although they hadn't recognized Li Mochen as their master before, in their hearts, Li Mochen was no different from their master.

And if they formally recognized him as their master, their safety would be guaranteed!

"When we return to Guiyun, I'll find a way to help you possess some bodies. Possessing living bodies goes against the will of heaven, but possessing dead bodies won't be blamed by heaven," Li Mochen said.

Upon hearing that, the ghosts were very excited.

Although after possessing bodies, they would no longer be in their current forms and would live in other people's bodies, being humans was better than being ghosts!