Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3462 Couldn't Care Less

After walking for a while, Leng Xiaoyao finally saw magical beasts, not just one or two, but a group of them, probably about ten. They were all wolves.

Among the wolf pack, there were five people, three men and two women.

The three men were all Golden Core cultivators, while the two women were Foundation Establishment cultivators.

However, the three Golden Core cultivators were only in the early and middle stages, so they were in a difficult situation facing these ten or so magical beasts.

After all, half of the wolves in the pack were also in the Golden Core Stage.

Although they set up a formation, the formation couldn't hold for long, so they were in great danger.

Leng Xiaoyao didn't rush to intervene and just watched.

One of the women was already crying in fear. "What should we do? Are we going to die here?"

The other woman scolded coldly. "Shut up! If you hadn't insisted on provoking that wolf, would this wolf pack have surrounded us? I told you wolves are social animals. Killing one might attract many others."

The woman who was scolded immediately looked at the man beside her with a grievous expression. "Brother Mu, Yanqing yelled at me, but I didn't do it on purpose! I just wanted to kill a magical beast."

The man immediately looked at Shen Yanqing and said unhappily, "Yanqing, Lin didn't do it on purpose. Why do you keep blaming her?"

"Humph! Mu Hongcheng, it's quite intimate that you call her Lin all the time! Is Shen Yulin your fiancée?" Shen Yanqing sneered.

Actually, Mu Hongcheng was Shen Yanqing's fiancé, but his attitude towards her had always been lukewarm. On the contrary, he was very gentle to Shen Yulin who was her half-sister.

In the face of crisis, he was the first to think of Shen Yulin, and he was also the first to agree to whatever Shen Yulin wanted to do.

"Yanqing, stop messing around, okay? We're in great danger now, and you're still jealous of her? Lin and I met each other before you. I treat her as my younger sister. What's wrong with me calling her Lin?" Mu Hongcheng scolded impatiently. He honestly had no interest in Shen Yanqing. It wasn't because she wasn't good-looking or lacked talent in cultivation, but because she was too domineering.

He liked gentle and soft girls, just like Shen Yulin. She wouldn't try to be strong in any situation. Instead, she would hide behind him and let him have a strong protective instinct.

"Am I making a fuss? Great! Mu Hongcheng, I'm not a fool. I can see what's going on. So, Mu Hongcheng, when we get back home, I'll report it to my father and dissolve the engagement with you. Since you like Shen Yulin, you can marry her," Shen Yanqing said. It wasn't a momentary impulse. She had thought about it for a long time.

She did like Mu Hongcheng, but she couldn't bear to have an engagement with him while he also liked Shen Yulin.

Upon hearing Shen Yanqing's words, both Shen Yulin and Mu Hongcheng were excited, but they quickly concealed it.

"I only treat Yulin as my younger sister. If you don't believe me, there's nothing I can do. Since you don't want to marry me, I won't force you." Mu Hongcheng said with righteous indignation, but he was actually extremely happy in his heart.

He had long wanted to discuss breaking off the engagement with Shen Yanqing, but for the sake of the Mu family's reputation, he couldn't take the initiative. However, if Shen Yanying brought it up, it would be different.

As for whether being rejected would damage his reputation, he didn't care that much. He was a Golden Core cultivator and a disciple of the Tianyun Sect. No one dared to laugh at him. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Shen Yanying didn't miss their expressions, so she completely gave it up.

Fine, even if she really married Mu Hongcheng, she would still be neglected. She didn't want to torture herself.

The other two men were Mu Hongcheng's good friends, so even though they knew Mu Hongcheng wasn't right, they wouldn't say anything.

Leng Xiaoyao despised scumbag men the most and flew over directly. "Shen Yanqing, right? Do you want me to take you away?"

Everyone was startled by the sudden voice and looked at Leng Xiaoyao who was flying on a sword. What a beautiful woman!

Shen Yanying was momentarily stunned, but quickly reacted and showed a delighted expression. "If it's possible, please help me out. Thank you so much, senior."

Although she couldn't see Leng Xiaoyao's cultivation level, being able to fly on a sword meant that her cultivation level couldn't be low. It wasn't wrong to call her senior.

Some of them were Golden Core cultivators, but they didn't have magical treasures, so they couldn't fly on swords to escape.

"Sister, are you just going to leave us behind?" Shen Yulin became anxious when she saw the situation.

Even if Leng Xiaoyao was going to take someone with her, Shen Yulin wanted to go. Why would she only take Shen Yanqing away?

Shen Yulin wanted to be taken away by Leng Xiaoyao. As for Mu Hongcheng, it was difficult to take care of him in dangerous situations.

Shen Yulin was just that selfish.

"Why should I care about you?" Shen Yanqing said coldly and indifferently.

Since they were mean first, why did they blame her for being unrighteous?

She never actively did anything wrong to anyone, and she wasn't someone who could be easily bullied.

"Senior, why don't you take all of us away together!" Shen Yulin looked at Leng Xiaoyao and pleaded.

She looked like she was pleading on the surface, but in her heart, she was jealous of Leng Xiaoyao. Leng Xiaoyao wasn't only beautiful, but also had a magic instrument that could fly.

Leng Xiaoyao's sword wasn't a magic instrument, but a magical weapon, which was much more advanced than a magic instrument.

Above the magical weapon, there was also the divine weapon.

"I don't know you guys. Why should I take all of you with me?" Leng Xiaoyao said.

"But you don't know Shen Yanqing either!" Shen Yulin said.

"I just want to save her!" Leng Xiaoyao said.

"You…" Shen Yulin was angry and didn't know what to say.

At this time, Mu Hongcheng opened his mouth. "Senior, it's very honored to see you. I'm a disciple of Tianyun Sect, Mu Hongcheng. We are in trouble now. Please lend us a helping hand. I'll be extremely grateful."

"I don't need your gratitude, because your gratitude is of no practical use to me," Leng Xiaoyao said disdainfully, ignoring him.

"You…" Mu Hongcheng was angry too.

However, before he could say anything else, the defensive formation was broken by the wolf pack. Leng Xiaoyao flew down to the ground and pulled Shen Yanqing up before flying back up into the air.

Before leaving, she thought for a moment and said, "There are twelve magical beasts. We'll each take two. Taoist Friend Shen, please wait a moment. I'll get four for us and we'll each take two back."

Saying that, Leng Xiaoyao flew down to the ground again.

Leng Xiaoyao wanted magical beasts, so Shen Yanqing didn't say anything.

Leng Xiaoyao's speed was very fast and she caught four of the highest-level magical beasts.

It wasn't that Leng Xiaoyao intentionally helped Shen Yanqing's group, but if she wanted something, she wanted the best. Only a fool would leave the best and go for something lower-level.

"Do you have a storage bag?" Leng Xiaoyao asked Shen Yanqing.

"Yes." Shen Yanqing nodded.