Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3463 Black Cloud City

The other people were also displeased at seeing Leng Xiaoyao killing four high-level magical beasts that they had discovered.

Why did Leng Xiaoyao take them away when they were the ones who found them?

However, they also realized that if Leng Xiaoyao hadn't killed those four magical beasts, it might have been them who died today. So they didn't say anything.

After all, their lives were more important.

Leng Xiaoyao put her two magical beasts into her storage ring and left two behind. "You can take these two!"

Shen Yanqing was taken aback and immediately declined. "Senior, please take them all! You not only saved me, but also killed these magical beasts alone, so you should be the one to keep them." Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Shen Yanqing wasn't an ungrateful person. Leng Xiaoyao had saved her and she had nothing to repay her with. How could she take the magical beasts that Leng Xiaoyao had killed?

When others heard that, they secretly cursed Shen Yanqing. If she didn't want them, she could give them to them! They wanted them.

"Just take them! I have plenty of magical beasts. I don't need these two." Shen Yanqing's reaction made Leng Xiaoyao more willing to give them to her. If Shen Yanqing had accepted them readily, Leng Xiaoyao might have had a bad impression of her!

Although she gave them voluntarily, there would still be a difference in attitude.

"Thank you, Senior." Shen Yanqing thanked her and accepted the magical beasts.

Next, Leng Xiaoyao took Shen Yanqing to watch the battle from mid-air. Their indifferent attitude made Mu Hongcheng and others angry, but they could do nothing about it.

Leng Xiaoyao had killed four high-level magical beasts and saved them from the danger of losing their lives, but they were still injured.

In the end, they killed the other magical beasts.

After all, they were all at the Golden Core stage. If they couldn't even kill these magical beasts, their cultivation would be a waste!

"Where is your home?" Leng Xiaoyao asked.

"Qingfeng Town. After we leave this Black Cloud Forest, it's about a hundred miles away, but the airspace ahead of Black Cloud City is restricted. We have to bypass Black Cloud City or enter it and leave through the east gate," Shen Yanqing said.

"Black Cloud City? Can you tell me about Black Cloud City and Black Cloud Forest?" Leng Xiaoyao asked.

Shen Yanqing was surprised that this girl didn't know about Black Cloud City and Black Cloud Forest.

However, she didn't ask and explained. "Black Cloud Forest is one of the five magical beast forests on Land Guiyun. The other four are Umong Forest, Quiet Sky Forest, Dragon Bone Forest, and Ancient Source Forest. They don't belong to any country, so anyone from any country can enter and hunt the beasts."

"There is a city in front of each of these five forests named after the forest itself: Black Cloud City, Umong City, Quiet Sky City, Dragon Bone City, and Ancient Source City. These five magical beast forests are ranked equally and each city is ruled by one of the five major families."

"The Nan Family for Black Cloud City, the Dongfang Family for Umong City, the Nangong Family for Quiet Sky City, the Long Family for Dragon Bone City, and the Meng Family for Ancient Source City. However, they can only manage the city itself and not the forest. Therefore, cultivators are free to enter and leave those forests. Of course, if a cultivator has an accident in the forest, they don't need to take any responsibility. Black Cloud City is closest to Dongchu Country. Qingfeng Town belongs to Dongchu. It's under the jurisdiction of the border town of Dongchu."

"Where is the Tiancheng Sect located?" Leng Xiaoyao asked. She didn't know where Li Mochen was. Did he go to the Tiancheng Sect or somewhere else?

Guiyun was so big that she didn't know where to find him except for the Tiancheng Sect.

"The Tiancheng Sect is on the other side of Dragon Bone Forest, a thousand miles away from Black Cloud Forest. Although it seems far away, if you can fly on a sword, it'll only take an hour," Shen Yanqing said.

As Shen Yanqing finished, they arrived at Black Cloud City.

"I want to go to Black Cloud City to take a look. After we leave Black Cloud Forest, you'll be safe going home. You can go back by yourself!" Leng Xiaoyao said.

"It's almost dark now and I won't make it back in time. I'll also be staying in Black Cloud City tonight. However, I'm a little scared ny myself. Would you please allow me to stay with you temporarily?" Shen Yanqing asked.

"No problem!" Leng Xiaoyao didn't refuse. After all, it was just entering the city together, having a meal together, and then sleeping separately.

"Thank you, senior." Shen Yanqing breathed a sigh of relief and expressed her gratitude.

Although it felt a bit awkward for Leng Xiaoyao to be called "senior", she didn't correct it. After all, they were just strangers who had met by chance. There was no need to mention her name.

"By the way, may I know where are you from? Your attire is different from ours," Shen Yanqing asked curiously, as Leng Xiaoyao's clothing seemed quite strange to them.

"I come from a small place. I find this attire more comfortable and convenient, so I dress like this." Leng Xiaoyao replied. She was wearing sportswear, which indeed was more comfortable and convenient.

As for the people in Guiyun, they still wore traditional costumes, although not overly complex.

Shen Yanqing, for example, was dressed in black martial attire, with her hair tied up in a high ponytail, resembling a female warrior from ancient times.

However, when in Rome, do as the Romans did. Leng Xiaoyao didn't want to stand out too much, so she said, "After entering Black Cloud City, you can accompany me to buy some suitable clothes."

"No problem." Shen Yanqing agreed.

To enter Black Cloud City, one needed to pay a gold coin and obtain a card. However, a gold coin only allowed a stay of three days. If one didn't leave after three days, they would need to go through the procedure again.

It wasn't just Black Cloud City; other cities had similar requirements. This was to prevent too many people from entering and causing chaos.

A gold coin wasn't a small sum in Guiyun. An ordinary person needed two months to earn a gold coin!

Usually, people passing by Black Cloud City wouldn't intentionally enter the city. They would go around it. Even if it meant a longer journey, they just wanted to avoid spending the gold coin!

Because Leng Xiaoyao dressed differently from everyone else, she attracted attention whenever they were in crowded places.

Although people found her attire strange, they didn't make any negative comments because she was exceptionally beautiful. Instead, there were many compliments.

"This girl is beautiful, but her clothing is a bit strange."

"I wonder where she's from!"

"Tsk tsk! Such a pretty girl. It's best if Miss Nan doesn't find out. If she does, this girl might be in trouble."

"Exactly! Miss Nan has always been jealous of girls who are prettier than her."

Hearing that, Leng Xiaoyao frowned. It seemed that Miss Nan was quite a formidable person.