Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3465 Nan Weiyue Needs Help

?

"Why should I help you? Destroying the soul is something that will increase my negative karma and will affect my future tribulation. Besides, since you are the daughter of the Nan family, shouldn't your family know about your situation? If they have the ability to help you, why aren't they helping you? If even your own family won't help you, why should I, a stranger, help you?" said Leng Xiaoyao.

Upon hearing that, Nan Weiyue felt sad. She knew that Leng Xiaoyao wasn't someone who would easily help her. She then confessed to her. "Yes, my family knows about my situation, but they don't want to help me. It's because the one who is trying to take over my body is my half-sister, Nan Weiyun, the second young miss of the Nan family. My father is my biological father, but my current mother isn't. They dote on Nan Weiyun a lot. Three years ago, she was killed by a magical beast in the Black Cloud Forest and she tried to take over my body afterwards. However, her cultivation wasn't as good as mine, so she failed. After my father found out about that, he forced me to share my body with her. She appears at night while I appear during the day. I refused, but my father used a restriction on me to force me to comply. Nan Weiyun has always been rebellious and narrow-minded, especially towards women who are more beautiful than her. She even used my body to seduce Immortal Yue Feng from the Tianyun Sect, causing him to hate me. Although she only appears at night, she knows everything that happens during the day, so she knows everyone I've met."

Knowing that, Leng Xiaoyao felt a bit sad.

However, despite Nan Weiyue's heartfelt confession, Leng Xiaoyao wasn't easily persuaded.

"If she can receive your memories, aren't you afraid that she won't come to me once she knows how powerful I am? And now that you're telling me all of that, aren't you afraid that she'll come out and tell your family? Maybe your father and stepmother will be furious and kill you, then let her completely take over your body," Leng Xiaoyao asked.

Nan Weiyue's face turned pale in an instant and she gave a wry smile.

That was why she didn't want to tell the truth to anyone. Now that she had told Leng Xiaoyao everything, she couldn't do anything about it.

"Yes! I'm afraid. That's why I've never tried to tell anyone the truth. It's just that it's rare to meet a person with a high cultivation level like you. I was so excited that I forgot about it, but senior, I really don't want to die. I'm begging you to save me. If you help me kill Nan Weiyun, her storage ring will be yours. I know you might not lack anything, but Nan Weiyun is spoiled by my father. She's given a lot of good things."

"The Nan family's strength and resources are comparable to a small country's power. What Nan Weiyun possesses can rival the resources of a small family. Most importantly, she has fifty pounds of magical liquid from the Nan family's cave. You should know that each member in the Nan family can only get one drop of magical liquid per month. As the young miss of the Nan family, I only get three drops per month."

"One drop of magical liquid can increase the success rate of alchemy by 80% and produce top-grade pills. If you're seriously injured and take one drop of magical liquid, you'll recover quickly. Many cultivators are willing to pay a high price for it, but the Nan family doesn't sell it because it's so precious. The reason why the Nan family is so powerful is mainly because we have more magical liquid than many other families."

Nan Weiyue wanted Leng Xiaoyao's help and could only entice her.

Leng Xiaoyao was indeed interested in it.

Although she received several storage rings from cultivators, which contained quite a lot of things, it was only considered a lot for an individual.

However, Nan Weiyun had so many things, which was comparable to what a small important family had!

Anyway, Leng Xiaoyao couldn't do something as heinous as killing someone for their possessions.

"The items are very tempting, but I can't bring myself to commit murder and robbery," said Leng Xiaoyao. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"Nan Weiyun not only killed, but also tried to take over my body. This is already against the heavenly order and killing her won't go against it. You don't have to take action. You just need to help me remove the restriction and I can devour her soul directly," said Nan Weiyue. Since Leng Xiaoyao was unwilling to kill Nan Weiyun, she wouldn't force her and didn't want to make things too difficult for her.

"But I don't know how to remove the restriction," Leng Xiaoyao said, not at all embarrassed.

After arriving in Guiyun, she realized that there were many things she didn't understand.

Nan Weiyue was surprised when she heard that. "As long as you enter my mind and move the red dot out of it, you can remove the restriction, but I don't know what level of cultivation you have. My father is at the peak of the Golden Core Stage, so if you have reached the Yuan Ying Period, it will be easy to remove the restriction. However, if you are still at the Golden Core Stage, it'll be impossible. I'm afraid you'll encounter a backlash instead."

Although Leng Xiaoyao's cultivation level seemed high from the magical power she released, she didn't know how high it was specifically.

"What other options are there besides this?" Leng Xiaoyao asked in response, not revealing her own cultivation level yet because she didn't fully trust Nan Weiyue and didn't understand the so-called restriction.

When Nan Weiyue heard Leng Xiaoyao's question, she thought that Leng Xiaoyao was also at the Golden Core Stage and couldn't help her remove the restriction. She couldn't help feeling disappointed but not hopeless because that wasn't the only option.

"There is another way, which is to extract her soul when she appears and then I'll wake up and personally kill her, but if I do that, I'll be punished by the heavenly order. However, as long as Nan Weiyun is removed from my body, I won't care about that," said Nan Weiyue. If she wasn't forced into this situation, she wouldn't make that choice.

"If what you said is true, it's quite sympathetic, but I don't know if things are really as you say. What if you are Nan Weiyun and the one you are asking me to help kill is Nan Weiyue?" Leng Xiaoyao said, expressing her doubts.

Nan Weiyue was taken aback and seemed surprised that Leng Xiaoyao would raise such a question. "The most important thing for a cultivator is their oath. If you don't believe me, I can swear. If I lie, I'll be punished."

Leng Xiaoyao was stunned.

That was impressive.

If those terrible men from modern times came here and made an oath, all of them would be punished! The number would be unbelievable!