Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3466 Help Nan Weiyue

"Are you not afraid that your father will punish you after you devour Nan Weiyun's soul?" asked Leng Xiaoyao.

"I'm afraid, of course, but since I've already decided to do this, I will naturally not go back to the Nan family. Everyone thinks that being the Nan family's daughter is so good and glamorous, but they don't know that besides the external glamor, I can't get any attention within the Nan family. In that case, what is there for me to miss about the Nan family? I might as well join a sect randomly, and it would be better than staying in the Nan family," Nan Weiyue said self-mockingly. If she really couldn't bear to leave the Nan family, she wouldn't have gone this far.

Although she was almost thirty years old and only at the peak of Foundation Building Stage, her cultivation level wasn't low. It was just average.

It was easy for her to join a sect.

In that case, Nan Weiyue was quite pitiful, and Leng Xiaoyao felt sympathy for her.

"I won't give you an answer right now. I'm going to try on clothes. After I buy the clothes, I'll give you an answer," Leng Xiaoyao said, planning to first learn about the situation from Shen Yinqing before responding to Nan Weiyue.

"Okay, then I'll wait here for you, senior." Nan Weiyue breathed a sigh of relief. Although Leng Xiaoyao didn't promise anything, she didn't refuse either. There was room for consideration, which also meant that there was hope.

She also knew that Leng Xiaoyao was considering just to understand some things.

In fact, she was really surprised that such a high-level cultivator like Leng Xiaoyao didn't know about prohibitions and oaths.

Leng Xiaoyao left Nan Weiyue's lounge and returned to the first floor. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

When everyone saw Leng Xiaoyao come back, they were all surprised. This girl had been inside for so long, but Nan Weiyue didn't make things difficult for her…

"Senior, are you alright?" Shen Yinqing immediately approached and asked with concern.

Although she knew that Leng Xiaoyao had a high cultivation level and couldn't be harmed by Nan Weiyue, Nan Weiyue was still the daughter of the Nan family! Even if Nan Weiyue couldn't harm Leng Xiaoyao, she had her family behind her!

"I'm fine. I'm just going to pick out some clothes. You can accompany me to the changing room to try them on. I'm not very good at wearing these kinds of clothes," Leng Xiaoyao said. Although her purpose was to ask Shen Yinqing some questions, she really didn't know how to wear these clothes.

"No problem." Shen Yinqing didn't doubt it because Leng Xiaoyao wasn't from Black Cloud City or Dongchu.

Because Shen Yinqing had never been to faraway places, she didn't know what other countries' clothing was like.

Leng Xiaoyao didn't want to attract too much attention, so she chose a black suit that was the most common.

It wasn't possible to have only one piece of clothing, so she also got one in red and one in purple. When trying them on, she just tried on the black one.

After picking out the clothes, they went to the fitting room. Leng Xiaoyao didn't rush to change clothes, but took out magical stones from her storage ring and set up an isolation formation so that they wouldn't be overheard.

With the formation set up, Leng Xiaoyao asked, "Taoist Friend Shen, I have two questions for you. The first is about prohibitions, such as placing a prohibition in a person's mind. What exactly is this so-called prohibition?"

When it came to prohibitions, Shen Yinqing's expression became extremely serious. "Prohibitions are used to control people. For example, if you are worried that someone will betray you, you can place a prohibition on them. Once they have any thoughts of betraying you, they will be eroded by the prohibition. Or that prohibition can make them loyal to you all along. As for how to place a prohibition, it's to form a decision in your mind and inject it into the other person's mind."

Leng Xiaoyao was very surprised. It was totally beyond her imagination. It seemed that she still knew too little about cultivators.

"What if someone wants to remove the prohibition from one's mind?" Leng Xiaoyao asked again.

"If one wants to remove a prohibition from someone else's mind, their cultivation level must be higher than the person who placed the prohibition. Otherwise, it can't be removed. As for how to remove the prohibition, it's to enter the other person's mind with their magical senses and remove the prohibition from the mind," Shen Yinqing said.

"What about oaths? If someone makes a fake oath, will it come true?" Leng Xiaoyao asked.

"Yes, cultivators attach great importance to oaths. If an oath is fake, it'll be immediately fulfilled on the spot. Therefore, cultivators have always been afraid to make fake oaths," Shen Yinqing said.

Shen Yinqing was also surprised that Leng Xiaoyao didn't even know these things.

The doubts were resolved, and Leng Xiaoyao finally trusted Nan Weiyue.

Leng Xiaoyao put on the new clothes and shoes.

The rest of her clothes and shoes were placed into her storage ring, then she went to see Nan Weiyue.

"What's your decision, senior?" Nan Weiyue asked eagerly when she saw Leng Xiaoyao, feeling nervous that she might refuse.

"I can promise to help you remove the restriction, but to avoid trouble, we must leave the city now. Otherwise, we won't be able to leave because of the restriction in Black Cloud City. It will be troublesome for both of us," Leng Xiaoyao said.

Her formation skills were only superficial, and she couldn't break the formation in Black Cloud City.

"Let's leave Black Cloud City first and remove the restriction when we are far away, then I'll take you wherever you want to go to avoid being chased by the Nan family." Leng Xiaoyao continued.

Since she had gotten involved in this matter, it was necessary to take Nan Weiyue to a safe place.

"Thank you, senior." Nan Weiyue thanked Leng Xiaoyao and immediately knelt down to express her gratitude. "May I bring my maid with me? She is the only one in the Nan family who treats me sincerely."

"Sure, let's leave now!" Leng Xiaoyao agreed. Her magical weapon could accommodate four people.

When Shen Yanqing saw Leng Xiaoyao come out with Nan Weiyue, she felt a little nervous but didn't say much.

"Let's leave the city now!" Leng Xiaoyao said to Shen Yanqing.

"Sure." Shen Yanqing agreed.

Then they left the city.

As soon as they left the city, Leng Xiaoyao took out her magical weapon and flew away on it with the three of them.

Leng Xiaoyao first took Shen Yanqing to Qingfeng Town before leaving.

They stopped five hundred miles away from Black Cloud City at dusk.

Before removing the restriction for Nan Weiyue, Leng Xiaoyao set up a barrier to isolate Nan Weiyue's maid and prevent her from disturbing them.

Although it was her first time entering someone else's mind, Leng Xiaoyao had learned some basic knowledge, so she wasn't at a loss.

After entering Nan Weiyue's mind, she saw a red dot. That red dot was the restriction.

Leng Xiaoyao removed the restriction according to the method taught by Nan Weiyue. Because her cultivation level was much higher than that of whoever set up the restriction, she easily removed it.

Once the restriction was removed, Nan Weiyue's soul appeared in her mind. Leng Xiaoyao didn't plan to interfere with what happened next. She let Nan Weiyue deal with it instead.