Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3468 The Shen Family

"Since you have become a Dao couple, you can naturally communicate with each other and even sense where the other person is and what they are doing!" Nan Weiyue said.

Hearing that, Leng Xiaoyao suddenly realized how to find Li Mochen.

She was worried before, so now she was finally relieved.

Little did she know that Li Mochen had already used this ability to see her naked body.

If she knew, she would get crazy!

Following Nan Weiyue's guidance, Leng Xiaoyao sent a message to Li Mochen, reassuring him that she would be careful and asking him to be careful as well.

However, Li Mochen was currently using his own appearance instead of Chu Yin's, so it shouldn't cause any trouble.

…

At Qingfeng Town, in the Shen Family's mansion.

The Shen Family was a big household in Qingfeng Town, with three Golden Core cultivators in the family. Therefore, in this area, it was considered a small powerful family.

Shen Yanqing, as the eldest daughter of the Shen family, was beautiful and had a good talent for cultivation. Hence, there were many young men who liked her. However, Shen Yanqing had been engaged to Mu Hongcheng since childhood, which made everyone stop pursuing her.

Shen Yanqing lost her mother when she was young, and her father's concubine was in charge of the family. Nevertheless, the Shen family's patriarch never allowed Liu Shi to become Mrs. Shen because Shen Yanqing's mother was from another big household in a different town. If it hadn't been for Liu Shi's scheming, the Shen family's patriarch wouldn't have planned to take a concubine.

The Shen family's patriarch truly loved Shen Yanqing's mother.

It was later when Liu Shi gave birth to a son that Old Madam Shen gave her the responsibility of managing the household.

However, being a concubine was still inferior.

When Shen Yanqing returned home, she went directly to see her father and said that she wanted to dissolve the engagement with Mu Hongcheng.

Patriarch Shen was surprised when he heard that. "Why? What happened?"

Didn't Shen Yanqing like Mu Hongcheng very much? Why did she suddenly want to dissolve the engagement? Did anything happen?

Shen Yanqing then told her father about what had happened today and Mu Hongcheng's special treatment towards Shen Yulin over the years.

"What? Mu Hongcheng actually has feelings for Yulin?" Patriarch Shen was surprised and angry upon hearing that.

Mu Hongcheng had an engagement with his elder daughter and yet was secretly close to his younger daughter. What did that mean? Did he think that the Shen family was easy to bully?

"When I mentioned breaking off the engagement with him, they were both very happy," Shen Yanqing said gloomily. Although she was disappointed with Mu Hongcheng, he was someone she had truly loved before, so she couldn't completely let go of him for a while. However, her decision to dissolve the engagement was firm.

"Since you want to dissolve the engagement, then do it! If he doesn't love you, it won't be good for both of you to force yourselves together. However, he's a disciple of the Tianyun Sect. I'm afraid I can't get justice for you," Patriarch Shen said. Although he wasn't afraid of Mu Hongcheng, he didn't want to make it worse.

He was the head of the Shen family and he had to consider the overall situation.

Moreover, Shen Yanqing hadn't suffered any substantial harm.

"As long as we dissolve the engagement, I don't care about justice. Whether he wants to be with Shen Yulin or not is their business. You don't have to worry about my affairs, dad," Shen Yanqing said reasonably. She also knew that Mu Hongcheng just didn't have any feelings for her and hadn't done anything to harm her. Therefore, there was no point in seeking justice.

Furthermore, it was her who proposed to dissolve the engagement, so it was even more impossible for her to pursue Mu Hongcheng.

Seeing that his elder daughter was so reasonable, Patriarch Shen was relieved.

"By the way, father, there is something I hope you won't be angry about." Shen Yanqing was a little uneasy.

Seeing his daughter's expression, Patriarch Shen realized that something seemed to be wrong. However, he wouldn't get angry before knowing what had happened. "What happened? Tell me!"

"When we were arguing, a senior female cultivator saved me from a pack of wolves without helping them. I was angry and didn't plead for them either, but in the end, she killed four of the highest-level wolves. The rest was left for them to deal with. They were all injured though not fatally," Shen Yanqing said. She knew that even if her father didn't care about Mu Hongcheng's safety, Shen Yulin was still his daughter. Even if he didn't like Shen Yulin as much as he liked her, he wouldn't ignore Shen Yulin.

Upon hearing that, Patriarch Shen frowned but then relaxed. "If that senior female cultivator didn't want to save them, even if you begged her, she might not have saved them. She might have been angry and wouldn't have saved you either! What you did isn't wrong."

Patriarch Shen was a reasonable person and naturally wouldn't blame Shen Yanqing for it.

"That senior female cultivator gave me two magical beasts." Shen Yanqing took out the magical beasts from her storage bag.

Although magical beasts weren't rare, they weren't easy to get either. Even for the Shen family, they only occasionally eat magical beast meat instead of eating it every day.

Therefore, when Patriarch Shen saw the two magical beasts, his eyes lit up.

"You can keep one in your storage bag and leave the other one for our family to eat." Patriarch Shen knew that Shen Yanqing took out the magical beasts because she didn't want to keep them to herself, but he also didn't want to take everything.

"Okay." Shen Yanqing didn't refuse and took back one of the magical beasts.

Soon everyone in the Shen family knew that Shen Yanqing brought back a magical beast and praised her endlessly.

As for Mu Hongcheng's side, it wasn't so easy to bring back magical beasts because they had just killed them when several wolves came.

They were scared and couldn't continue fighting because they were already injured.

As for the Nan family, after half an hour of their leaving, they also found where Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue disappeared. However, there was no trace left.

When Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue arrived at Dragon Bone City, it was already late at night and the city gate had already closed. Therefore, they could only stay outside the city for the night.

Leng Xiaoyao took out two tents from her storage ring and gave one to Nan Weiyue and her servant.

Because they often slept in the mountains before, Leng Xiaoyao had prepared more than ten tents just in case some broke. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"What is this?" Nan Weiyue had never seen this kind of tent before and found it very strange.

"Tent, a necessity for camping outdoors. I'll give this one to you. You might need it someday," Leng Xiaoyao said.

"Thank you very much." Nan Weiyue didn't refuse. Indeed, having a tent would be very convenient for them.

Although they came to Dragon Bone City, Nan Weiyue was still worried when they didn't enter it, so she didn't sleep well all night.

Nan Weiyue didn't feel at ease until the city gate was opened the next day. They handed over gold, then successfully went inside.

Nan Weiyue decided to live in Dragon Bone City, so the first thing she did when she came to Dragon Bone City was to buy a house.