As long as she bought a house, she could live here for a long time. If she didn't have a house, she needed to pay a visitation fee. Paying the visitation fee for a few years was enough to buy a house.

Nan Weiyue was afraid of being bullied, so she asked Leng Xiaoyao to accompany her. Leng Xiaoyao had nothing to deal with, so she went with Nan Weiyue.

They went directly to the housing management office since they were unfamiliar with the place.

In Dragon Bone City, houses couldn't be bought or sold privately. Those who wanted to sell their houses must register with the housing management office, and those who wanted to buy houses must go there to see them.

That was also an unwritten rule of the housing management office because it charged a commission for viewing houses, which was one silver coin per day.

One silver coin was almost equivalent to an ordinary person's monthly salary.

Moreover, only cultivators could easily buy houses, while it was more difficult for ordinary citizens to buy them. Also, ordinary citizens couldn't live in the city center and could only live in the outskirts.

Although Guiyun was a world of cultivators, there weren't only cultivators. There were also many ordinary people, but the gap between them and cultivators was huge.

Nan Weiyue was a cultivator at the peak of the Foundation Building Stage, which was considered good. When the staff at the housing management office served Nan Weiyue, they were naturally very enthusiastic.

However, the staff didn't feel any air of cultivation from Leng Xiaoyao, so they explained in advance. "May I know how many people will live in this house? Only cultivators are eligible to live in the city center. So if you have come together, I'm afraid you won't be able to buy a house in the city center."Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Upon hearing that, Leng Xiaoyao immediately released her magical power to prove that she was also a cultivator.

The staff felt Leng Xiaoyao's magical power and realized that she was also a cultivator.

As for why they couldn't feel her cultivation level, there was a kind of magic weapon that could shield a person's cultivation level. Therefore, the staff thought that Leng Xiaoyao must have some kind of magic weapon that could shield her cultivation level and didn't say much about it.

Then, according to Nan Weiyue's requirements, the staff recommended three courtyards for her to see, all of which were in the city center and priced between eighty and a hundred gold coins.

Nan Weiyue wasn't favored by her father in the Nan family, but she wasn't mistreated either, so she still had a lot of money and resources.

In addition, she had her own mother's dowry, so she had over a thousand gold coins and tens of thousands of silver coins.

Ten silver coins were equivalent to one gold coin, so Nan Weiyue had over two thousand gold coins in total.

That was enough for middle-class families in Dragon Bone City.

As long as she didn't waste it, Nan Weiyue's money was enough for three hundred years!

The staff of the housing management office took Nan Weiyue and Leng Xiaoyao to see the courtyards. Nan Weiyue didn't like the first one because it was too old and needed renovations.

The second one was acceptable, but still had some flaws.

When they saw the third one, Nan Weiyue liked it because it was newly built.

There was a front yard with a main hall, a side hall, and a kitchen.

There was also a back yard with three bedrooms.

It was spacious enough for two people, but not too big.

The back yard was also decorated with many flowers and plants, which looked very delicate.

This courtyard cost one hundred gold coins, and Nan Weiyue decided to buy it without hesitation.

Then they went back to the housing management office, the staff found the owner of the courtyard and quickly processed the paperwork.

However, just as they finished processing the paperwork, a person came in aggressively. It was the owner's mother.

"Song Ping, did you sell the house?" The owner's mother, Li Shi, questioned.

"Yes!" Song Ping said in a flat tone, showing no kindness towards his so-called mother.

"Didn't I tell you to give the house to your younger brother for his marriage? Why did you sell it? You have to give it back to me." Li Shi was angry. If she hadn't been keeping an eye on him all along, she wouldn't have known that Song Ping had sold the house. It was simply infuriating.

"That's ridiculous!" Song Ping sneered when it was brought up. "Why should I give my house to my younger brother for his marriage? Besides, it's not just my house. Half of it belongs to my wife!"

"But Chuan is your younger brother. Are you so heartless that you won't help him when he's in trouble?" Li Shi said, trying to morally blackmail him.

"If Song Chuan were my full brother, I would naturally help him as much as possible, but Song Chuan is just your and my father's son." Song Ping replied with disdain. They were really shameless.

"You…" Li Shi was mad. "No matter what, you're related by blood."

She didn't think that it was wrong for her to ask Song Ping for the house. Anyway, his wife had passed away, so he could give the house to Song Chuan for his marriage.

"Even though we share blood ties, he's not my son. I have my own son to raise, and I need money to marry him off. Why should I prioritize your son over mine? Besides, you have your own house. Why should I give up mine just because you like it? I don't owe you anything," Song Ping said angrily.

"You…" Li Shi was so angry that she could barely speak.

After everyone figured out what was going on, they looked at Li Shi with contempt.

"So she turns out to be a stepmother! No wonder she wants to steal her stepson's house!"

"Maybe she not only wants the house, but also the man!"

"That makes sense. She already stole the man, and now she wants to steal the house. How shameless!"

"If she had any shame, she wouldn't have done it."

"…"

It turned out that Li Shi indeed had stolen Song Ping's father in the past.

Although having multiple wives and concubines was common in Guiyun, Li Shi didn't want to just be a concubine, so she made Song Ping's parents divorce using a scheme.

As a result, Song Ping's relationship with his family had been very bad over the years. Li Shi used to suppress him, but now that she needed him, she tried to appeal to his emotions, which was ridiculous.

Li Shi was embarrassed by onlookers' comments, but she didn't back down. "I don't care. You can't sell the house. If you really want to sell it, give me the money. Otherwise, I'll go to the house every day and cause trouble."

Song Ping was at the peak of the Foundation Building Stage, so no one in the Song family dared to directly attack him. They could only use other means.

Upon hearing that, Nan Weiyue decided to not stand by and watch. She walked out and released her power towards Li Shi. "I've paid the money and completed the procedures. The house is mine. If you dare to cause trouble in my house, I won't hesitate to deal with you."

Although Li Shi was also a cultivator, she was only in the early Foundation Building Stage and couldn't withstand the power of Nan Weiyue who was at the peak of Foundation Building Stage. Her face turned pale instantly.

Nan Weiyue felt that it was almost enough and stopped releasing her power when Li Shi was about to collapse under it.