Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3470  Tiancheng Sect

At this point, an employee of the housing management office said, "The house belongs to this Daoist friend. If you go and cause trouble, there is only one result. You'll be put in jail."

The houses handled by the housing management office weren't completely unregulated, unless they were unmanageable.

Upon hearing that, Li Shi shuddered and her anger went away a little.

However, she was still reluctant to accept the result.

"Song Ping, are you really so heartless that you don't care about the Song family at all? Our family has a house, but that house is small and old. Your brother's girlfriend doesn't like it! How about that, you give me the money from selling the house, and I'll go buy another one for Chuan to get married. What do you think?" Li Shi didn't dare to make a fuss about the house anymore.

Everyone was extremely contemptuous of Li Shi when they heard that.

"What does it have to do with me whether Song Chuan's girlfriend likes it or not? If the girl doesn't like it, why don't you find a girl that can accept it?" Song Ping said coldly. He clearly knew that it was just an excuse Li Shi made up to steal his house. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"They have deep feelings for each other. Do you want to break them up?" Li Shi said angrily, with a heartbroken look, as if Song Ping was the bad person.

"Since they're in love, why do they care so much about a house? If they really care about each other, the girl will marry Song Chuan even though his house is small," said Song Ping. He wasn't an idiot.

"…"

Li Shi was struck dumb and didn't know what to say.

Song Ping ignored her and directly walked away.

Li Shi immediately chased after him, but she didn't catch up to him.

"Even a mother can be biased, let alone a stepmother! With a stepmother, there is a stepfather." Nan Weiyue sighed, thinking of her father's differential treatment towards her and Nan Weiyun.

Even if the difference was small, it would be there!

However, to her father, she was no different from a stranger.

Her father not only treated them differently in cultivation resources, but also always let her give in to Nan Weiyun, even if Nan Weiyun wanted to take over her body.

He was simply an enemy instead of her father!

He was probably still chasing her everywhere at this moment!

It was true that Patriarch Nan didn't give up searching for Nan Weiyue and even had murderous intentions towards her.

"Senior, if your Dao partner hasn't arrived yet, you can stay with us temporarily! I have three rooms there, which is just enough." Nan Weiyue said sincerely, wanting to let Leng Xiaoyao stay with them long anyway, and it wasn't as comfortable to stay in an inn.

Next, they went to buy household items.

because Leng Xiaoyao had helped her so much.

"Thanks." Leng Xiaoyao didn't refuse. She wouldn't stay here for too long anyway, and it wasn't as comfortable to stay in an inn.

Next, they went to buy household items.

Then they went straight back to the courtyard after they finished shopping.

As soon as they returned to the courtyard, Leng Xiaoyao felt that several pairs of eyes were watching them suspiciously.

She suspected that they were sent by Li Shi, but after hearing their conversation, she knew that they weren't.

"Tsk tsk! A few pretty girls have moved into this courtyard. I wonder if they're easy to deal with."

"The other two have foundation-building cultivation, but one doesn't feel like she has any cultivation at all. She's probably just an ordinary person."

"How could an ordinary person live in the city!"

"Maybe she's just staying temporarily!"

"There's a possibility. We can keep an eye on this woman. If she goes out alone, we can take action!"

"Just looking at her makes me feel excited. I wonder what it feels like to press her under my body."

Leng Xiaoyao was furious and walked straight towards the three men.

The three men were surprised to see Leng Xiaoyao approaching. Did she overhear their conversation?

However, since she had no cultivation level, they had nothing to fear even if she came closer.

Therefore, the three men didn't think about avoiding her and instead showed a lewd smile.

Leng Xiaoyao approached and without saying a word, released her magical power at them. They suddenly felt heavy all over, their faces instantly turned pale, and they knelt down on the ground, looking terrified and begging for mercy.

"Please forgive us, senior…"

They never thought that they would cause themselves trouble today. They thought that a woman without cultivation level was just an easy target, but it turned out that she was a hidden master.

Leng Xiaoyao stopped after a while and warned them. "If you dare to peep into my, the lord's, yard again, I won't let you go next time."

Leng Xiaoyao called it her yard just to make them more wary.

The lord?

This woman addressed herself as the lord, which meant she was at the Yuan Ying Period.

Damn! They, who were only in the Foundation Building Stage, had offended a true lord in the Yuan Ying Period.

"We won't do it again!"

The three men immediately apologized. If they had known that this woman was a true lord in the Yuan Ying Period, they wouldn't have dared to provoke her!

Leng Xiaoyao didn't pursue it any further and turned back to her yard.

Although Nan Weiyue didn't follow her, she knew what had happened and felt grateful to Leng Xiaoyao.

After finishing their work, it was lunchtime, so Nan Weiyue's maid, Qin Er, made lunch.

As someone who followed Nan Weiyue, Qin Er had many skills, especially in cooking. She was really good at it.

Indeed, after eating the food cooked by Qin Er, Leng Xiaoyao praised her repeatedly.

After lunch, they each tidied up their own rooms and took a nap.

After waking up from their nap, they went out to explore Dragon Bone City. Since they were going to stay here, Nan Weiyue needed to familiarize herself with the environment in advance.

Although Nan Weiyue planned to join a sect later, she needed a place to stay and feel safe before that. Dragon Bone City was the most suitable place.

The sect she planned to join was the Tiancheng Sect.

Because the Tianyun Sect was too close to Black Cloud City, the Nan family could easily find her. As for other sects, many of them had some connections with the Nan family, so she couldn't choose them.

Only the Tiancheng Sect had no connection or dealings with the Nan family, so it was the best choice for her.

Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue were too eye-catching along the way, attracting many people's attention. Some even came to strike up a conversation, but they were all rejected.

There were also some who were annoyed by being rejected and wanted to cause trouble but were forced to retreat by Leng Xiaoyao's magical power.

Nan Weiyue envied Leng Xiaoyao's cultivation level. If she had the same cultivation level as Leng Xiaoyao, The Nan family would treat her like an honor and wouldn't let Nan Weiyun bully her anymore!

However, talent was something that not everyone had.

She had cultivated hard enough and had only reached the peak of the Foundation Building Stage.

In fact, for ordinary cultivators, her cultivation level was already high. Not many people had such incredible talent.