Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3471  Swear an Oath as Evidence

Next, every day Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen would communicate with each other, and Li Mochen would tell Leng Xiaoyao about his situation.

Because Li Mochen and the others hadn't arrived yet, Leng Xiaoyao was bored and went to the Dragon Bone Forest.

When Nan Weiyue found out, she asked Leng Xiaoyao if she could come along. She also wanted to gain experience. However, she knew her own cultivation level wasn't high and was afraid of being a burden to Leng Xiaoyao, so she didn't want to force it.

Leng Xiaoyao was just going to have fun and didn't have any other important matters, so naturally she didn't mind bringing Nan Weiyue along.

However, Qin Er stayed at home because her cultivation level was even lower, and Leng Xiaoyao was afraid that she would really drag her down if she went in.

It was Nan Weiyue's idea. Since Nan Weiyue didn't take Qin Er with her, Leng Xiaoyao said nothing.

When they hadn't gone far into the Dragon Bone Forest, they encountered a group of people arguing about which way to go.

Some people wanted to go one way, while others wanted to go the other way.

The leaders on both sides wanted to be the captain, one person had two people following him, while the other had four people following him.

As a result, they decided to split into two teams and go their separate ways.

However, at this moment, one person on the side of the three people wanted to defect, and the leader was angry.

"Li Yao, what do you mean?" Lu Chengfeng angrily asked. Li Yao had always been under his leadership, but at this moment he wanted to betray him. It was impossible for him not to be angry.

"Brother Lu, there are only three of us. I'm really scared. Why don't we all follow Brother Yang?" Li Yao said awkwardly. He knew that Lu Chengfeng had been kind to him and he should stand by him.

However, the Dragon Bone Forest was extremely dangerous. He couldn't risk his own life!

"You…" Lu Chengfeng was furious, but he wouldn't risk someone else's life, so he looked at the man still standing by his side and asked, "Cheng Zi, you can choose again! If you choose to follow them, I won't say anything."

Anyway, he and Ji Yang had a disagreement, so it was impossible for them to go together.

"Brother Lu, no need to choose again. I'm following you." Cheng Zi was grateful and had received Lu Chengfeng's kindness a lot. He sincerely stood on Lu Chengfeng's side, so there was no need to choose again.

He would go wherever Lu Chengfeng went.

After hearing Cheng Zi's words, Lu Chengfeng felt comforted.

At this time, Ji Yang sneered. "Lu Chengfeng, just because you don't agree with me, you want to take your brothers to death?"

Upon hearing Ji Yang's words, Lu Chengfeng hesitated.

Seeing that Lu Chengfeng was a loyal person, and since they were just here to have fun, Leng Xiaoyao decided to join them.

She interrupted them. "Lu Chengfeng? We are willing to be on your team."

Leng Xiaoyao revealed her cultivation level as being at the peak of the Foundation Building Stage because these people were all just at the Foundation Building Stage.

When everyone heard that, they looked at them. Seeing that they were two women, they didn't underestimate them. After all, they could see that they were also at the Foundation Building Stage.

In Guiyun, the strong were respected, so there was little gender discrimination.

"Great." Lu Chengfeng didn't refuse. He could see that Leng Xiaoyao was intentionally helping him, and they were both at the peak of Foundation Building Stage, so it was impossible for them to hold him back.

Seeing these two beautiful women wanting to join Lu Chengfeng's team, Ji Yang and his group became jealous.

"Two fellow Daoists, the Dragon Bone Forest isn't a place for fun. If you follow them, what if something bad happens? We have more people here and it will be much safer." Ji Yang wanted to win Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue over from Lu Chengfeng to prevent him from succeeding.

Leng Xiaoyao sneered. "If something bad happens, it's our business. What does it have to do with you? If we really encounter danger, can you really sacrifice yourself to save us?"

One man who sided with Ji Yang became angry when he heard that. "Why should we sacrifice ourselves to save you? Are your lives more valuable than mine?"

"At least, I think my life is more valuable than yours, and you probably feel the same way. So being with you may not be safe. In times of danger, you might choose to sacrifice us to save yourselves," said Leng Xiaoyao. She didn't know who the man was. She just didn't like them.

Upon hearing Leng Xiaoyao's words, some of them looked embarrassed, indicating that they had such thoughts.

It wasn't directed towards Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue, but rather it was just their nature.

"You…" The man was struck dumb and didn't know what to say. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Alright, let's stop wasting time arguing. If you're brave enough, let's have a competition. We'll return to the forest entrance before dark and see who catches more magical beasts regardless of their grade. The losers must give half of their magical beasts to the winners. How about that? Do you dare?" Leng Xiaoyao said.

Although it would be unfair to compare her skills with theirs, so what?

She just couldn't stand them and wanted to challenge their courage.

Everyone, except for Nan Weiyue, was shocked.

Ji Yang and his companions showed contempt, believing that Leng Xiaoyao was ignorant.

While Lu Chengfeng and Cheng Zi showed concern as they felt their chances of winning were slim. They were only four people while the other side had six.

Cheng Zi wanted to say something, but was stopped by Lu Chengfeng.

Although he also felt that Leng Xiaoyao was bragging, since the words had been said aloud, they couldn't go back on them. If they did, they would embarrass themselves.

He could take out two magical beasts from his storage bag to make up for it.

Anyway, during such a short time, they could defeat about eight magical beasts at most.

"Lu Chengfeng, do you agree with what she said?" Ji Yang asked Lu Chengfeng provocatively because he was also interested in it.

Although Lu Chengfeng didn't object and thus agreed, he couldn't help feeling angry at Ji Yang's provocation. "Of course I agree."

"Words are just words. Let's make an oath to seal the deal," Ji Yang said, afraid that Lu Chengfeng and his companions would back out later.

"Sure." Leng Xiaoyao agreed. She was just about to say that herself because she was also worried that Ji Yang and his companions might back out later.

After everyone introduced themselves by name, they began making the oath, starting with Leng Xiaoyao.

When Lu Chengfeng heard that the spoils of war had to be won by those who participated in the bet and that they had to be hunted today and couldn't be taken out of storage rings or storage bags beforehand, he was taken aback. That meant he couldn't use the magical beasts in his storage bag to make up for their lack of numbers.

Then he thought that Ji Yang's group might have had the same idea, so he didn't think it was such a bad thing to make that rule.

Therefore, everyone followed Leng Xiaoyao's lead and made oaths.