Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3472  Won

After they took an oath, a purple light entered their foreheads, which was the formation of the oath. If they broke it, they would suffer the consequences.

After the oath was taken, they went their separate ways.

Once they were far away, Cheng Zi voiced his concerns. "Brother Lu, there are only four of us. I'm afraid we don't stand a chance!"

Although he didn't blame Leng Xiaoyao outright, he was indeed dissatisfied with her behavior. Why did she have to make a bet, and such a harsh one at that?

He even began to suspect that Leng Xiaoyao was sent by Ji Yang to embarrass them.

Lu Chengfeng wasn't suspicious of Leng Xiaoyao, but he was genuinely worried.

"Don't worry! I don't usually do things without confidence." Leng Xiaoyao reassured them.

"How can we be at ease? We are all foundation building cultivators, and so are they. Moreover, they have the advantage in numbers." Cheng Zi finally complained.

"Who told you I'm a foundation building cultivator?" Leng Xiaoyao revealed her level at the Golden Core Stage. "I just hid it."

Although they couldn't see that she was a golden core cultivator, when Leng Xiaoyao revealed it, they could feel her powerful energy. It was far beyond theirs.

Although Cheng Zi was only in the middle stage of the Foundation Building Stage, Lu Chengfeng was at the peak of the Foundation Building Stage. Therefore, if Lu Chengfeng felt that Leng Xiaoyao was stronger than himself, then she must be above the Golden Core Stage.

"I didn't know you're a senior. It's such an honor to meet you. And thank you for your help," Lu Chengfeng immediately said respectfully.

"I didn't know it either. I apologize if I've offended you, senior." Cheng Zi also apologized at once.

"It's fine, but don't reveal my cultivation level. Otherwise, Ji Yang won't be convinced," Leng Xiaoyao reminded them.

"Sure." Lu Chengfeng and Cheng Zi agreed. Even if Leng Xiaoyao didn't say so, they wouldn't reveal it.

Usually, foundation building cultivators only dared to stay on the outskirts of the forest. Even if it was the outskirts, it didn't mean it was safe. It was just less dangerous than the deep mountains.

However, the magical beasts on the outskirts were relatively scarce because they had been hunted by people.

Therefore, they could only go deeper into the forest.

Knowing that Leng Xiaoyao was a golden core cultivator, Lu Chengfeng and Cheng Zi were no longer as worried as they were before.

Soon, they encountered two magical beasts.

Because they were low-level magical beasts, Leng Xiaoyao didn't take action and let them gain experience.

Although they were low-level magical beasts, they weren't so easily defeated. It took them quite some time to defeat them, but fortunately, they weren't injured.

Magical beasts weren't easy to catch, so Leng Xiaoyao released her magical senses and went wherever there were magical beasts.

Therefore, they frequently ran into magical beasts. In just two hours, they had hunted more than ten magical beasts.

On the other hand, after two hours, Ji Yang's group had only hunted five magical beasts and had also made themselves look pathetic.

Time gradually passed.

Leng Xiaoyao and her group went deeper into the forest and encountered more and more magical beasts of higher levels. Therefore, Leng Xiaoyao no longer just watched from the sidelines.

Due to her high cultivation level, she easily killed those magical beasts.

As the sun gradually set in the west, Leng Xiaoyao and her group returned. Although Lu Chengfeng and others looked a little untidy and dirty, Leng Xiaoyao remained calm and composed.

Lu Chengfeng and Cheng Zi were glad that they didn't oppose Leng Xiaoyao's bet from the beginning.

They had hunted many magical beasts. Even if Ji Yang's group was more powerful, they couldn't have hunted more than them. So this time they had won for sure.

The result hadn't yet been announced, but Lu Chengfeng and Cheng Zi already felt triumphant.

When they returned to the entrance of the forest, Ji Yang's group hadn't yet returned. However, it wasn't yet dark outside, so they weren't in a hurry.

"Let's roast some magical beast meat to eat!" Leng Xiaoyao suggested.

"Sure." Everyone agreed and started to make a fire to roast the meat. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Lu Chengfeng let Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue sit and rest, while they went to roast meat.

Leng Xiaoyao sat down without hesitation and rested.

By the time the meat was done and they ate half of it, Ji Yang and his group returned.

Although they were all untidy and dirty, they were happy when they saw Lu Chengfeng and his group because they had also caught many magical beasts. They believed that they had won.

When they saw Lu Chengfeng and his group eating the magical beast meat, they also wanted to eat it, but they had many magical beasts themselves, so they didn't need to eat Lu Chengfeng's.

"Hey! You killed magical beasts to eat meat already? It seems that you have caught many!" Ji Yang said, but he was being sarcastic and didn't believe that they had caught many magical beasts, at least not as many as they had.

"We did catch many. Since you're back, let's see the results!" Lu Chengfeng said and took out the fifteen magical beasts he had caught.

Ji Yang and his group thought that it was all that Lu Chengfeng's group had caught! Only fifteen? They believed that Lu Chengfeng's group had lost.

"Well, you just have fifteen! Sorry, we caught twenty-two." Ji Yang said proudly and released the twenty-two magical beasts they had caught.

"Only twenty-two? Then we can only get eleven." Lu Chengfeng frowned and looked disdainful.

Upon hearing that, Ji Yang and his companions were displeased. Ji Yang asked, "What do you mean?"

Did it mean that Lu Chengfeng's group had caught more than fifteen?

Suddenly, Ji Yang and his group had a bad feeling.

"These fifteen are the ones I caught alone. I haven't counted theirs yet!" Lu Chengfeng said innocently but was actually very happy.

Ji Yang and his group weren't happy to hear that.

"I only caught ten." Cheng Zi took out the magical beasts he had caught and scratched his head apologetically because he had caught the least among them.

"I caught seventeen." Nan Weiyue also took out the magical beasts she had caught.

"No, it's impossible! You cheated…" Ji Yang couldn't accept that each of them could catch so many magical beasts.

They lost even before Leng Xiaoyao took out the magical beasts she had caught.

"Cheated? Ha! We made an oath. If we cheat, we'll be punished." Leng Xiaoyao mocked.

Ji Yang and his group were taken aback. It was true that they had made an oath. Even if they were reluctant, they couldn't break their promise.

He regretted agreeing to this bet. If he had known that Lu Chengfeng's group would win, he wouldn't have agreed to it.

In fact, if Leng Xiaoyao didn't have confidence in winning, she wouldn't have proposed this bet!

As a result, Ji Yang and his group could only fulfill their promise.

Seeing Ji Yang and his group's unhappy faces, Lu Chengfeng and Cheng Zi were extremely satisfied.

Li Yao regretted not following Lu Chengfeng. He followed Ji Yang and was seriously injured!