Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3473  Help Lu Chengfeng

"I'm puzzled. Our cultivation levels are similar, so how come you guys can hunt so many and not get injured?" Ji Yang asked curiously, feeling that something wasn't right. However, they had indeed caught these magical beasts. They had all made an oath, so it couldn't be fake.

It was precisely because it couldn't be fake that he was so curious.

"Sorry I can't tell you. Anyway, we caught these magical beasts and there is no doubt about it," Leng Xiaoyao said.

Ji Yang was speechless, realizing that Leng Xiaoyao wouldn't tell him the truth.

Ji Yang didn't stay any longer and left with his companions.

However, when leaving, Ji Yang glanced at Leng Xiaoyao and the others, his eyes dark and unclear.

Leng Xiaoyao squinted. If Ji Yang dared to make a move against them, she would make him regret it.

Li Yao didn't leave with Ji Yang and the others. Instead, he stayed behind with Lu Chengfeng. After Ji Yang and the others left, Li Yao weakly said to Lu Chengfeng, "Brother Lu, I'm sorry for leaving you just then. Can you forgive me?"

Before Lu Chengfeng said anything, Cheng Zi opened his mouth. "Li Yao, when you chose Ji Yang, you already betrayed Brother Lu. Now you want Brother Lu to forgive you? Just because Brother Lu won? If Brother Lu had lost, would you still come to ask for forgiveness?"

"I…" Li Yao was struck dumb, not knowing how to answer because Cheng Zi was right. If Lu Chengfeng had lost, he might not have come to ask for forgiveness.

If Lu Chengfeng lost, Li Yao would only keep his distance from him.

"Li Yao, actually there's no need to talk about forgiveness. Although we are friends, we are individuals and no one can interfere with each other's decisions. So if you choose to be with Ji Yang, that's your business. I have no right to blame you," Lu Chengfeng said. He didn't blame Li Yao, but he was honestly disappointed. So he wouldn't turn against Li Yao, but he couldn't treat him the same as before. At most, they would just be normal friends!

Li Yao realized that his relationship with Lu Chengfeng could never go back to how it was before. He regretted it a lot, but it was useless.

"Let's go! We're already past the city gate closing time, so we can only camp outside," Leng Xiaoyao said. Although she didn't like what Li Yao had done, she didn't judge him either.

Because the city gate was already closed, Ji Yang and the others couldn't enter the city and could only camp in the nearby woods.

To avoid conflict, Lu Chengfeng didn't approach them, but stopped thirty meters away from them.

Originally, Ji Yang thought Lu Chengfeng would come over to criticize him, but unexpectedly he didn't.

Lu Chengfeng was different from Ji Yang. If Ji Yang had won, he would constantly make fun of Lu Chengfeng, spreading it everywhere and turning Lu Chengfeng into a joke.

However, Lu Chengfeng didn't have that idea. Winning just meant shutting Ji Yang up and nothing more.

Moreover, he could win this time thanks to Leng Xiaoyao, so he had nothing to be proud of.

Even if he had won purely by his own ability, he would just say a few words on the spot and wouldn't go back to laugh at anyone afterwards.

Not only did the sect recruit disciples, but major families also recruited disciples. They were all disciples of the Long family.

In terms of strength, Lu Chengfeng was indeed not as good as Ji Yang, but in terms of cultivation talent, Lu Chengfeng surpassed Ji Yang.

Although both Lu Chengfeng and Ji Yang were at the peak of Foundation Building Stage, Ji Yang was already thirty years old while Lu Chengfeng was only twenty-two years old. So it was easy to see who had more talent.

However, because Lu Chengfeng joined the Long family later than Ji Yang, Ji Yang had made quite a few connections in the Long family.

On the contrary, there were only a few people who were close to Lu Chengfeng, and Li Yao had betrayed them now. Currently, the only person who had a good relationship with him was Cheng Zi.

Although Lu Chengfeng said he didn't blame Li Yao, there was already a sense of distance between them. It made Li Yao feel very uncomfortable.

He also knew that if he went over to Ji Yang, they would acknowledge him, but Ji Yang wouldn't really treat him as one of them. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Li Yao felt very annoyed.

Leng Xiaoyao took out her tent, as did Nan Weiyue.

Several people including Lu Chengfeng were surprised at the sight.

"Is this a tent?" Lu Chengfeng asked. It was obvious that it was a tent, but he had never seen one like this before!

"Yes! Here's one for you," said Leng Xiaoyao, generously handing over a tent to Lu Chengfeng.

"Thank you, senior." Lu Chengfeng accepted the tent and expressed his gratitude.

Hearing Lu Chengfeng call Leng Xiaoyao "senior," Li Yao was puzzled. Why did Lu Chengfeng address Leng Xiaoyao as senior?

Could it be that Leng Xiaoyao's cultivation wasn't limited to the Foundation Building Stage?

If that were the case, it would make sense for them to have hunted so many magical beasts.

Although he thought so, he wouldn't ask about it.

He had a feeling that Lu Chengfeng was about to get lucky, and indeed he was.

Lu Chengfeng had been at the peak of Foundation Building Stage for quite some time and was only one opportunity away from forming a golden pill.

In the middle of the night, Lu Chengfeng suddenly felt that he was about to form the pill. However, it wasn't safe here, and he was worried that Ji Yang and the others might disturb him.

Therefore, he immediately woke up Leng Xiaoyao.

"Senior, I have the tendency to form the pill. Could you please help me guard against any disturbances?" Lu Chengfeng said. Breaking through one's cultivation level was the most vulnerable time. Once interrupted or disturbed, one could easily get injured or even go berserk, which was extremely dangerous.

"No problem." Leng Xiaoyao didn't refuse and even generously gave him a golden pill. "Take this and focus on your breakthrough. I'll set up a power gathering formation for you."

Seeing the golden pill, Lu Chengfeng was stunned. Moreover, Leng Xiaoyao said she would set up a power gathering formation for him, which would make it even easier for him to form the pill.

Lu Chengfeng felt that he didn't deserve it but he couldn't refuse because advancing was such a rare opportunity!

Cheng Zi and Li Yao were envious, but Cheng Zi was not jealous whereas Li Yao was extremely jealous.

How could Lu Chengfeng be so lucky? Not only did he have good cultivation talent, but he also met an important person.

"Thank you, senior. If you need me to do anything in the future, I won't spare any effort," Lu Chengfeng said earnestly. Although it wasn't an oath and there wouldn't be any punishment for breaking it, promises were still highly valued among cultivators.

"Alright, enough talk," Leng Xiaoyao said, not saying anything more and immediately setting up the power gathering formation for him.

Lu Chengfeng didn't say anything more either and directly took the golden pill.

As soon as the pill entered his mouth, it dissolved instantly, and a surge of energy entered his energy center.

The power gathering formation was also set up immediately, and a large amount of magical power rushed into Lu Chengfeng's body from all directions.

Lu Chengfeng began to compress the energy with all his might.