Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3475  Make It Difficult on Purpose

"It's my pleasure." Leng Xiaoyao said, "Since you have come out of the city, would it be possible for you to take us into the city? My friend bought a house there a few days ago, and I have been staying with her lately."

"Sure, I'll take you guys back together!" The steward didn't refuse. Since they originally lived in the city, there was no problem bringing them in.

Then they followed the steward back.

"How should I address you two?" The steward asked Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue.

Seeing that she was only about nineteen years old and already at the peak of the Foundation Building Stage, the steward believed that she was truly a rare talent in cultivation!

Although the other woman was almost thirty years old, it was still impressive to reach the peak of the Foundation Building Stage at that age.

If they hadn't joined a sect, they could be recruited into the Dragon Bone City and become disciples of the Long Family.

"My name's Leng Xiaoyao," Leng Xiaoyao said.

"My name's Nan Weiyue," Nan Weiyue said.

"Have you two joined a sect yet?" the steward asked.

"I haven't joined any sect, but my friend is from the Tiancheng Sect," Leng Xiaoyao said, realizing that the steward probably wanted to recruit them into the Long Family.

After all, there weren't many nineteen-year-old foundation building peak cultivators!

Lu Chengfeng was one.

It was rare to reach the Golden Core Stage at twenty-five years old. Most people wouldn't reach it until after thirty years old.

"That's a shame…" The steward felt it was a shame upon hearing that.

Although Leng Xiaoyao hadn't joined any sect, Li Mochen was in the Tiancheng Sect, so she would have to join it too as his Dao partner.

"I haven't joined either, but I plan to join the Tiancheng Sect," Nan Weiyue said. There were taboos between families about having people from other families join their own, as there might be spies sent by other families.

The steward was a bit displeased. Wasn't Dragon Bone City as good as the Tiancheng Sect?

Thinking that, he asked, "Oh! You plan to join the Tiancheng Sect because you think Dragon Bone City is inferior to them?"

"Of course not, I don't want to join Dragon Bone City simply because I'm from the Nan family in Black Cloud City. Although I'm being chased by the Nan family now, it doesn't change the fact that I'm from the Nan family," Nan Weiyue said, not hiding anything. She would be living in Dragon Bone City for a long time. If she tried to hide it, it would make people suspicious and they might do something to her.

The steward gave up on recruiting her into the Long Family.

However, since she was from the Nan family, he still needed to investigate her further just in case.

After all, nobody knew if what she said about being chased by the Nan family was true.

Leng Xiaoyao and her group followed the steward back to Dragon Bone City smoothly.

After entering the city, Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue separated from the others.

On the way back with the steward, Lu Chengfeng was asked how he met and got to know Leng Xiaoyao and Nan Weiyue.

Lu Chengfeng didn't dare to hide anything and told them everything.

When the steward learned that Leng Xiaoyao wasn't a foundation building cultivator but possibly a golden core cultivator, he was surprised.

A 19-year-old golden core cultivator was truly an extraordinary talent!

Moreover, she knew how to set up formations.

It was truly a shame that they couldn't recruit such a genius into their sect!

…

Qingfeng Town.

Mu Hongcheng and his group only returned from Black Cloud Forest today, looking disheveled and wounded.

After they were injured, they found a place to heal and came back after they were better. However, on their way back, they encountered magical beasts again and returned with injuries all over.

The news of Shen Yanqing's request for a divorce had spread throughout Qingfeng Town. So when Mu Hongcheng and Shen Yulin returned home, they heard about it. Both of them were overjoyed.

Although it made Mu Hongcheng lose face, he didn't care as long as he could get rid of the engagement.

Mu Hongcheng didn't even have time to take a shower or change his clothes before going to the Shen family's house with Shen Yulin.

Concubine Liu was also in a good mood these days because she had always wanted Shen Yulin to steal Mu Hongcheng, and Shen Yulin had finally succeeded.

The Mu family heard about it, but they hadn't yet come forward. They knew their son's thoughts and supported him.

Although Shen Yanqing was the legitimate daughter, she had no mother.

Although Shen Yulin was a concubine's daughter, her mother was in charge, and she also had a younger brother. In the future, the Shen family would be taken over by Shen Yulin's younger brother. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Therefore, the Mu family also hoped that Mu Hongcheng and Shen Yulin would get together, but it would be dealt with when he came back.

During these days, Shen Yanqing had been cultivating. There were people outside saying that Mu Hongcheng wasn't good enough for her or that Shen Yanqing wasn't good enough for him. She didn't hear nor care about that.

Although Mu Hongcheng wanted to cancel the engagement, he didn't want to be the one at fault. So when he met Patriarch Shen, Mu Hongcheng said resignedly, "Mr. Shen, I have always treated Yulin as a sister, but Yanqing insists that there is something indecent between us and wants to cancel the engagement. Since Yanqing wants to cancel the engagement, I naturally respect her decision. Moreover, things have developed to this point. Even if we force ourselves to be together, there will be a gap between us, which is not good for anyone."

Patriarch Shen naturally believed in Shen Yanqing and wouldn't believe Mu Hongcheng. Although he didn't want to pursue anything, Mu Hongcheng's attitude still made him very angry, so he intended to make things difficult for him.

"Yanqing misunderstood it because you were too close! Since there is no indecent relationship between you and Yulin, it's better to keep your distance. After all, men and women are different. If you get too close, others may misunderstand! Yulin isn't young. If outsiders misunderstand, how can we explain it to her! Isn't that right, Hongcheng?" Patriarch Shen said, staring straight at Mu Hongcheng to see what his reaction would be.

As soon as Mu Hongcheng heard that, he got scared and anxious. "Mr. Shen…"

Mu Hongcheng wanted to say something but didn't know how to say it.

Patriarch Shen pretended to know nothing. "What do you want to say?"

Obviously, there was something indecent going on, but he still denied it.

If Mu Hongcheng had admitted it openly and honestly, he would have looked upon him a bit better and wouldn't have stopped him from being with Shen Yulin. However, he didn't even dare to admit it.

"No, no." Mu Hongcheng immediately replied. At this time, he really dared not admit it because if he did, he would lose face.

He was even more afraid of angering Patriarch Shen and making it even harder to cancel the engagement.

Therefore, he decided to wait until the engagement was canceled.

"Since there isn't, then you can go back. I'll take Yanqing to your house to cancel the engagement," Patriarch Shen said. Since it was Shen Yanqing who wanted to cancel the engagement with Mu Hongcheng, they would have to take the initiative to avoid gossip.