Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3477  Such a Well Rounded Man

The steward of the Long family quickly found out Nan Weiyue's background. She was indeed from the Nan family, and also the elder daughter of the Nan family, but she had a very unlucky life.

Not only was she not favored, but when her stepsister died, her stepsister tried to take over her body. Patriarch Nan even imposed a restriction on Nan Weiyue, forcing her to share a body with Nan Weiyun.

Nan Weiyue was a good person, but Nan Weiyun wasn't. She did many bad things using Nan Weiyue's body and caused a lot of embarrassment.

A few days ago, Nan Weiyue met a powerful person who helped her lift the restriction. She then devoured Nan Weiyun's soul and became the target of the Nan family's pursuit.

What the Nan family did to Nan Weiyue was really unkind.

Patriarch Long only had one wife, two sons, and one daughter. All of whom were loved.

They didn't suppress the children of their siblings, and everyone received the same resources according to their cultivation level.

With a large family and many siblings, conflicts were inevitable. Usually, they would resolve them on their own when they were young. If Patriarch Long was involved, it would be dealt with fairly.

…

After staying in Dragon Bone City for ten days, Li Mochen and the others finally arrived.

They all changed their identities, except for Song Qingling. Leng Xiaoyao, couldn't recognize the others at first glance and they had to introduce themselves.

They all took over the bodies of cultivators in the Foundation Building Stage, so their cultivation level was currently common.

"I plan to take them to cultivate first before going to the Tiancheng Sect. We also need to cultivate and inquire about the situation in the Tiancheng Sect." Li Mochen said, "Although Ling Feng has taken over as the sect leader, the Tiancheng Sect cannot be completely controlled by him. What we need to know now is who is not on good terms with Ling Feng and has the power to become the sect leader. We will join forces with them to replace Ling Feng."

"Do you really have no interest in becoming the sect leader? That represents high power!" Leng Xiaoyao joked.

Li Mochen suddenly leaned in close to her. A warm breath sprayed on her ear, making her feel ticklish. "I'm only interested in you."

Leng Xiaoyao's cheeks immediately turned hot, and her heart began to race. She glared at Li Mochen. There were other people here! How could he say such things?

Leng Xiaoyao didn't continue the conversation and changed the topic directly. "Since you've all changed your appearances now, why don't you just join the Tiancheng Sect directly and look for opportunities there?"

"That's what I'm thinking too, but before that, they still need to cultivate. They won't be accepted by the Tiancheng Sect if they are not strong enough. After all, I don't plan to continue as the sect leader. At most, I'll just be an elder. And I want to take you to see more places, so we can't stay in Tiancheng Sect all the time. By then, they have to rely on themselves," Li Mochen said.

Leng Xiaoyao agreed. They still needed to work hard on their cultivation.

"It's getting dark now. Let's find an inn to stay in and enter Dragon Bone Forest for training tomorrow," Li Mochen said.

Dragon Bone Forest wasn't only for hunting beasts, but also for improving cultivation through battles. To improve cultivation, one needed enough practical experience.

However, it wasn't feasible to practice with others since one would always worry about hurting them and couldn't exert their full strength. That kind of restraint couldn't bring about good improvement.

"Okay." Leng Xiaoyao agreed and suddenly thought of something else. She said to Li Mochen, "By the way, when I was in Black Cloud City, I saved the daughter of the Black Cloud City Lord, Nan Weiyue. She is now being pursued by the Nan family and wants to join the Tiancheng Sect. She may need to bring her maid with her. Should we take them with us?"

Nan Weiyue and Qin Er were like sisters to each other, so Nan Weiyue wouldn't leave Qin Er behind. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

However, if they were both rejected by the Tiancheng Sect, they would return to Dragon Bone City together.

Although Tiancheng Sect was on a mountain, there was a town at the foot of it because they also needed to purchase daily necessities such as rice, oil, and salt.

The town was called Tianshui Town. Although it wasn't as big as Dragon Bone City, it was still a large town.

If Nan Weiyue could join the Tiancheng Sect, but Qin Er couldn't, she could arrange for Qin Er to stay in Tianshui Town.

The reason why they didn't go to Tianshui Town at first was because Tianshui Town was different from Dragon Bone City. Dragon Bone City was the territory of the Long family and had many constraints. The Nan family dared not mess around in Dragon Bone City.

Tianshui Town wasn't under the control of the Tiancheng Sect. Although the Tiancheng Sect would protect it, if the Nan family harmed Nan Weiyue in Tianshui Town, it would only be their private revenge and the Tiancheng Sect had no right to interfere.

Therefore, if they lived in Tianshui Town, they would be in greater danger.

However, if Qin Er was alone, as long as she was careful, there was no big danger.

If possible, Nan Weiyue hoped that both of them could join the Tiancheng Sect.

"You can decide, but you have to make it clear to her that going to the Tiancheng Sect may not be safe. If we have to fight, we may not be able to protect everyone," Li Mochen said. Bringing one more person wasn't a problem. Since it was suggested by Leng Xiaoyao, she must want to help them.

"l know! I'll go talk to her. Whether she wants to come with us or not, she can choose for herself," Leng Xiaoyao said. After all, it might not be safe to be with them, so it was natural for them to choose.

After Leng Xiaoyao, Li Mochen and the others had finished their meal, they let the others rest in the inn, while Li Mochen went out with Leng Xiaoyao for a walk and some alone time.

It had been a long time since they last met, and they both missed each other.

Because both of them were good-looking enough, they often attracted the attention of many people.

Suddenly, Leng Xiaoyao and Li Mochen felt that they were being stared at by two pairs of eyes.

Although there was no hostility in the eyes, these two pairs of eyes made them feel very uncomfortable.

The source of the gaze was two beautiful women standing in front of the second floor window of the tea house ahead.

Both of them had beautiful looks and their eyes were full of admiration. One of them was even more exaggerated, revealing greed, and it seemed that saliva was about to flow out of her mouth.

Then they heard one of the women say. "Oh my god, this man is so handsome! From his body to his appearance and air, he perfectly matches my aesthetic standards. It's the first time I've seen such an outstanding man! It would be great if I could become his Dao partner."

"But he is with a woman who matches him perfectly, she should be his Dao partner!" another woman said. Although she was amazed, she didn't have the same thoughts as Long Jiaojiao. Faced with such a perfect man, she felt that she didn't deserve him.