Chapter 3478  Long Jiaojiao Apologizes

"Maybe not! Even if it's true, I have the ability to steal him," Long Jiaojiao said confidently. Her confidence didn't come from her abilities, but from her status.

Long Jiaojiao was the daughter of the Long family. She had been selfish and domineering since she was young. At home, she would restrain herself somewhat, but when she was outside, she didn't know what restraint was.

Everyone feared her because she was born into the Long family, and no one dared to complain even if she bullied them.

"But he only looks like he's at the peak of the Foundation Building Stage. You're already at the early stage of the Golden Core Stage!" the woman next to Long Jiaojiao said.

Because Li Mochen had hidden his cultivation level, the revealed cultivation was only at the peak of the Foundation Building Stage.

"So what? The peak of the Foundation Building Stage means he will soon be able to form a core. Maybe as soon as he and I become a Dao couple, he'll be able to form a core!" Long Jiaojiao didn't care at all. Even if he was only at the mid-stage of the Foundation Building Stage, she wouldn't care. After all, his appearance and body had already won everything!

The woman next to Long Jiaojiao opened her mouth, wanting to stop her, but she didn't say anything in the end.

She felt that they shouldn't mess with this man, but Long Jiaojiao might not think so because of her extraordinary background!

Long Jiaojiao jumped directly from the second floor and rushed towards Li Mochen. She was about to grab him and said, "Hey, nice to see you finally! I've been waiting for you for so long!"

Li Mochen dodged Long Jiaojiao's grab and frowned, his gaze cold as he asked, "Who are you?"

He had never seen this woman before.

Because he had heard what Long Jiaojiao said earlier, he knew that this wasn't an accident, but she deliberately approached him.

"I'm the daughter of the Long family, Long Jiaojiao! How could you forget me?" Long Jiaojiao stated her identity directly, trying to attract Li Mochen. In her opinion, perhaps there weren't many men who would bend over for a woman, but there weren't many men who wouldn't bend over for power and status. She had seen too many of these men.

As long as he married the daughter of the Long family, he wouldn't only get her, he would also get the highest status and a lot of cultivation resources.

Therefore, Long Jiaojiao felt very superior.

"You got the wrong person," Li Mochen said.

"No way, how could I get the wrong person?" Long Jiaojiao said with a grievance. "When we were in the Dragon Bone Forest, you and I slept together. You said you would take responsibility, but I've waited for half a year…"

She wasn't ashamed to say that at all.

That was the only way to make this man compromise with her under pressure.

Therefore, once she finished, everyone believed her words and blamed Li Mochen.

"Right! You must take the responsibility after sleeping with Miss Long. Otherwise, if you anger the Long family, they won't let you go."

"This man looks handsome on the outside, but is so wicked on the inside. He got what he wanted from the lady, then abandoned her."

"…"

"Shut up!" Li Mochen was mad and immediately snapped at them. Then a strong pressure pressed down on everyone, leaving them pale and unable to breathe.

"How dare you slander a lord?" Li Mochen said, revealing his cultivation at the early stage of the Yuan Ying Period, which surprised everyone, especially Long Jiaojiao.

This man turned out to be a true Yuan Ying master, and she had provoked him.

If her family heard that, she would be in serious trouble!

She only dared to have ideas about him because she thought that his cultivation level wasn't high enough. However, he turned out to be a Yuan Ying master…

After intimidating everyone for a while, Li Mochen withdrew his power. If he really hurt them, it would only make things more complicated.

"Since you said that we slept together, please make an oath here. If it's a lie, let heaven strike you with thunder. How about that?" Li Mochen said.

"No…" Long Jiaojiao immediately refused. Although as a cultivator, being struck by thunder wouldn't kill her, she would lose some abilities. She didn't want that.

"It was me who mistook you for another person…" Long Jiaojiao explained at once. At this moment, she didn't want to admit that she had a crush on Li Mochen from the beginning.

"That's funny!" Leng Xiaoran sneered. "You mistook him for another person? Do you think we didn't hear your conversation with your friend? Your friend said that I might be his Dao partner, but you said you didn't care. Do you have the ability to steal him away? And just now, my Dao partner said that you got the wrong person, and you said it was impossible. What? Do you now realize that we are not easy to deal with and want to play dumb? That's not how it works! If you insist on your explanation, do you dare to swear?"

Leng Xiaoyao was using swearing as a way to prove her point. Anyway, swearing was effective in Guiyun. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Because everyone knew Long Jiaojiao, they had no doubt about what Leng Xiaoyao said about their conversation. They believed that Long Jiaojiao was capable of doing such things.

At this point, they had to believe that Long Jiaojiao was lying. Although they despise her for it, they were afraid to say anything because of her status.

"I won't swear…" Long Jiaojiao immediately resisted and realized that they wouldn't let it go. She threatened. "I was born into the Long family. If you dare to bully me, the Long family will pay you back."

"Just because you were born into the Long family can you slander people so blatantly? Even when exposed, you still try to deny it and even play dumb. Don't you know how to apologize?" Leng Xiaoyao questioned.

"Of course not."

At this moment, a male voice interjected, followed by a handsome young man walking in.

Upon seeing the man, Long Jiaojiao immediately panicked and weakly greeted him, "Elder Cousin."

The man was Patriarch Long's eldest son, Long Qi.

"Long Jiaojiao, you're really bold! You disregarded the teachings of the Long family and slandered someone so blatantly without repentance. You even used the name of the Long family to threaten people." Long Qi's eyes were cold as he looked at Long Jiaojiao and spoke in a cold voice.

"I-I'm sorry, I won't do it again. Please forgive me this time!" Long Jiaojiao was completely scared and apologized repeatedly.

"You should apologize to him instead of me," Long Qi said.

Even though Long Jiaojiao was reluctant to do that, she didn't dare to resist at this time. She could only apologize to Li Mochen. "I'm sorry, senior, please forgive me this time! I won't do it again."

Li Mochen had no intention of punishing her since he hadn't been harmed in any way. If he punished Long Jiaojiao, it would inevitably lead to conflict with the Long family.