Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3479  Long Jiaojiao Is Punished

"Go!" Li Mochen said. For someone who had ruined his reputation, even an apology wouldn't make him be nice to her. Not directly taking action against her was already considered lenient.

"Go back and report it to Patriarch Long yourself. If you wait for me to talk to them when I return home, your punishment will be even more severe," Long Qi said coldly, unable to hide his disgust as he looked at Long Jiaojiao. He knew exactly what she had done.

"Sure." Long Jiaojiao replied unwillingly, but dared not disobey. She then ran away in a hurry.

After Long Jiaojiao left, Long Qi apologized to Li Mochen. "Senior, it's due to the lack of discipline in the Long family that she's offended you. Please don't hold a grudge against the Long family because of that. I'm Long Qi, the eldest son of the city lord of Dragon Bone City. I would like to befriend you if you are willing to. Would you like to have tea with me?"

When Long Qi told them his identity, he didn't mean to show off or be arrogant. His identity was nothing in front of the strong.

"Why not!" Li Mochen agreed. As a former head of the Tiancheng Sect, he naturally knew what kind of family the Long family was and knew who Long Qi was.

Long Qi was also talented, with a bone age of thirty-five and a cultivation level at the peak of the Golden Core Stage.

As for his character, at least Li Mochen hadn't heard anything bad about him yet.

That was what he knew in the past. He couldn't be sure if Long Qi was still good, but it didn't matter to him.

If they got along well, they would become good friends. If not, then they wouldn't be close friends. He wouldn't lose anything either way.

Seeing Li Mochen agree, Long Qi was quite happy, so he took Li Mochen and Leng Xiaoyao to the best teahouse in Dragon Bone City for tea.

"How should I call you, senior?" Long Qi asked.

"Li Mochen," said Li Mochen.

They chatted happily, but things didn't go well for Long Jiaojiao.

When she returned home, she went to confess her crimes to Patriarch Long. She didn't dare to downplay her actions because she was afraid that Long Qi would report it to Patriarch Long afterwards.

Patriarch Long was surprised.

Although he wasn't very clear about Long Jiaojiao's usual misdeeds, he knew that she wasn't well-behaved and often caused trouble. Therefore, he had criticized her many times, but as the patriarch, he had many things to do and didn't have much time to pay attention to the words and deeds of his children.

However, her confession surprised him this time.

When he learned that she was caught by Long Qi and sent back to repent, he understood everything.

Such a serious matter couldn't be easily forgiven by the Long family. Therefore, he punished her to kneel in front of the ancestral hall for three days, confined her for a month, and forbade her from using any cultivation resources within three months.

The Long family didn't know what had happened outside yet, but news of Long Jiaojiao's punishment spread quickly within the family. Her parents immediately went to see Patriarch Long.

"Brother, what's going on? Why did Jiaojiao suddenly have to kneel in front of the ancestral hall for three days and be confined for a month? And why can't she use any cultivation resources within three months? What did Jiaojiao do?" Patriarch Long's younger brother, Master Long, asked angrily.

"Do you think I would punish her for no reason if she hadn't caused trouble?" Patriarch Long said coldly.

Master Long was struck dumb, while his wife felt slightly guilty.

Although she didn't know what had happened exactly, she was very clear about her daughter's character and actions. However, she didn't think that it was a big deal.

As a daughter of the Long family, she should have some prestige.

Although she wasn't the daughter of Patriarch Long, she was still a legitimate daughter of the Long family!

After all, Master Long was Patriarch Long's biological brother.

Junior Mrs. Long admitted that she was jealous of her sister-in-law, who was the wife of Patriarch Long. Therefore, she deliberately indulged her daughter's arrogance outside and let everyone know that her daughter was the legitimate daughter of the Long family.

"So what did Jiaojiao do?" Master Long asked. Although his elder brother's words had already indicated that Long Jiaojiao had done something wrong, he still wanted to know what it was exactly.

Patriarch Long then told them about Long Jiaojiao's confession.

After hearing that, the couple dared not say anything. Although Master Long was very protective of his daughter, he wasn't a person who couldn't distinguish right from wrong.

However, Junior Mrs. Long felt extremely unhappy.

Even if Long Jiaojiao had taken a liking to someone and said a few wrong words, so what? It was the man's blessing to be liked by the daughter of the Long family.

Moreover, Jiaojiao didn't succeed, so why should she be punished?

Although Junior Mrs. Long thought so, she didn't dare to say it aloud.

However, what Patriarch Long said next eased Junior Mrs. Long's sense of injustice a lot.

"The man claims to be a lord, then he must be at the Yuan Ying Period. Such a young man with such strong cultivation must have a remarkable background and status. Fortunately, Long Qi appeared and stopped the situation from deteriorating. Jiaojiao apologized and the man didn't pursue it further. If he did pursue it, even if Jiaojiao's cultivation was destroyed at that time, it would be understandable. Even if Jiaojiao wasn't deprived of her abilities, I'm afraid I would have to apologize in person as the head of the family. If that were the case, the Long family would be criticized," Patriarch Long said.

It was true that the dignity of a strong person couldn't be challenged. If you provoked and slandered others, even if they deprived you of your abilities, it was your own fault.

After hearing that, Junior Mrs. Long felt scared.

Although the Long family was one of the four major families in Guiyun, they weren't really the strongest. There were also three major sects and four royal families.

Even those second-rate families weren't much weaker than them.

When they really fought, the result was often that they hurt themselves more than they hurt their enemies.

Therefore, Master Long and his wife had nothing to say and could only leave dejectedly.

After Long Qi came back, he also told his father about what happened this evening and his friendship with Li Mochen.

"What's his background?" Patriarch Long asked.

"I didn't ask. We just met for the first time, so it's not good to ask too much," Long Qi said. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Well! Making friends with such a strong person isn't a bad thing." Patriarch Long agreed with Long Qi's friendship with Li Mochen.

After parting ways with Long Qi, Leng Xiaoyao returned to Nan Weiyue's house. Li Mochen had accompanied her until she arrived before leaving.

Li Mochen didn't want to part ways with Leng Xiaoyao, but Leng Xiaoyao insisted on going back, so Li Mochen gave up.

After returning to Nan Weiyue's residence, Leng Xiaoyao asked her directly, "Weiyue, there is something I want to tell you. Didn't you say you wanted to join the Tiancheng Sect? I can take you in, but it's a bit risky. My Dao partner used to be a member of the Tiancheng Sect, but he has a deep hatred for its current leader, Immortal Ling Feng. So we're going back to Tiancheng Sect for revenge."