Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3480  Three Months Later

"If you don't want to take the risk with us, wait until we have avenged ourselves before going. Otherwise, it's dangerous to go now. However, we're not going right away. We'll go to the Dragon Bone Forest to train first, and then gradually infiltrate the Tiancheng Sect. We'll only make a move when we're sure, but that doesn't mean there's no danger. After all, no one can be certain about things that haven't happened," said Leng Xiaoyao. She was confident, but couldn't make a promise. She couldn't put Nan Weiyue in danger.

Nan Weiyue was surprised, but quickly decided to follow them. "I'll go with you."

Leng Xiaoyao had saved her life, and she was kind enough to tell her these things. If she refused, it would be disappointing.

Nan Weiyue didn't agree to go with them because she was concerned about that issue. She knew that Leng Xiaoyao was at the Yuan Ying Period and her partner was likely to be the same.

During the time she was traveling with Leng Xiaoyao, she knew Leng Xiaoyao's character to some extent. She also trusted Leng Xiaoyao's judgment and knew that she wouldn't do something without being sure of the outcome.

"Are you sure?" Leng Xiaoyao asked. Once Nan Weiyue was sure, she would have to be responsible for her actions. When something bad really happened, Leng Xiaoyao wouldn't blame herself.

All she could do was protect her as much as she could.

"I'm sure, but I want to take Qin Er with me. Is that okay?" Nan Weiyue asked, she couldn't leave Qin Er behind.

"Of course," Leng Xiaoyao said, knowing that they couldn't be separated. There was no way she would do anything to separate them!

Therefore, Nan Weiyue and Qin Er packed their luggage happily.

The next day, they went to the inn where Li Mochen and the others were staying.

They introduced themselves and had breakfast.

Afterwards, they left Dragon Bone City.

However, they happened to meet Long Qi on the street.

"Senior, where are you going?" Long Qi asked curiously.

"We're going to the Dragon Bone Forest for training." Li Mochen was honest.

Long Qi's eyes lit up at once and he asked, "Can I go with you? I also want to go."

He had always wanted to go to the Dragon Bone Forest, especially the deep part, but his cultivation level wasn't high enough to dare to go there alone, unless he was led by a senior from his family.

The Dragon Bone Forest was divided into outer, inner, and deep areas.

The outer area was generally for foundation-building cultivators or cultivators at the Golden Core Stage.

After reaching the Golden Core Stage, they could enter the inner area, but it was only the first half of the inner area. Few golden core cultivators dared to enter the second half near the deep area because no one knew if there were high-level magical beasts active in the deep area.

However, it was different for Li Mochen and his group. Li Mochen's cultivation level was relatively high. Even if he didn't protect them, at least when they encountered danger with him around, it wouldn't be as dangerous.

"Sure." Li Mochen didn't turn him down. After all, they were just going for training and it wouldn't be inconvenient to bring Long Qi along.

They didn't need to investigate the Tiancheng Sect, and even if they did, Li Mochen would go alone.

He could disappear for a short time without being noticed.

With Li Mochen's agreement, Long Qi happily followed them without bringing anyone else.

Leng Xiaoyao couldn't help but joke. "You're following us alone. Aren't you afraid we'll harm you?"

Long Qi was taken aback. He hadn't thought about that question at all.

Anyway, he really wasn't afraid!

"Then will you harm me?" Long Qi joked.

"That's hard to say. After all, you're the eldest son of the Long family and have a great use!" Leng Xiaoyao said. It was true, but she said it in a joking tone because they had no intention of using Long Qi.

"That's true, but I'm really not afraid!" Long Qi laughed.

Although he had just met Li Mochen and Leng Xiaoyao, he felt that they weren't malicious people.

Li Mochen saw Leng Xiaoyao and Long Qi talking and laughing and immediately felt jealous. He grabbed Leng Xiaoyao's hand tightly and his power was openly released.

Everyone felt it and couldn't help but feel speechless. Was he really that jealous?

Long Qi smiled awkwardly and didn't dare to talk to Leng Xiaoyao any longer.

The group left the city and flew directly to the Dragon Bone Forest on their flying swords.

Only Li Mochen, Leng Xiaoyao, and Long Qi had magic weapons. Long Qi could take two people with him, and Leng Xiaoyao could take two people with her, so Li Mochen took the other three people with him.

They flew all the way to the inner boundary of the Dragon Bone Forest before landing.

Li Mochen and Leng Xiaoyao wouldn't take action against low-level magical beasts because they would kill them too easily. They let Nan Weiyue and the others take action to gain practical experience. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Even if they were injured, as long as it wasn't serious, Li Mochen and Leng Xiaoyao wouldn't take action and would only heal them later.

Only through actual combat could they accumulate experience, strengthen their meridians, absorb more magical energy, and improve their cultivation level.

Three months later.

Leng Xiaoyao broke through to the early stage of the Out-of-body Stage from the peak of the Yuan Ying Period.

Long Qi broke through to the early stage of Yuan Ying Stage from the Golden Core Stage.

Leng Yan reached the peak of the Golden Core Stage. Nan Weiyue also broke through and became an immortal at the early stage of Golden Core Stage.

Qin Er went from the early stage of the Foundation Building Stage to the middle stage. The others also reached the early stage of the Golden Core Stage.

Although Li Mochen was still at the peak of Out-of-body Stage, his previous performance wasn't stable enough, so he had stabilized it.

Long Qi only knew about their true levels after following Li Mochen's group. He was amazed by their strength.

In the entire Guiyun, there were probably no more than a hundred Out-of-body cultivators.

Therefore, Out-of-body cultivators had high status in Guiyun.

Long Qi envied Li Mochen very much. Li Mochen wasn't even thirty years old yet and had already reached the peak of Out-of-body Stage. With so much time ahead of him, it probably wouldn't take him many years to reach the Achievement Stage!

During these three months, they also investigated the Tiancheng Sect.

Li Mochen had even reached an agreement with his junior brother Immortal Ling Chen. Immortal Ling Chen would assist Li Mochen in killing Ling Feng, and Li Mochen would assist Immortal Ling Chen in becoming the sect leader.

Li Mochen didn't reveal that he was Ling Yin in front of Immortal Ling Chen. He just said that he was Ling Yin's clone.

As for Ling Yin himself, Li Mochen said that he didn't know where he was. He only received instructions from Ling Yin to come and kill Ling Feng.

Because Li Mochen had something from Ling Yin as evidence, Immortal Ling Chen believed him.

Immortal Ling Chen was an elder of the Tiancheng Sect. Although he had a common relationship with Ling Yin in the past, he had a grudge against Ling Feng.