Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3481  Arrive at Tianshui Town

Moreover, Ling Feng's domineering style in the Tiancheng sect didn't win the hearts of the people.

It was time to visit the Tiancheng sect, and Ling Chen had already prepared everything.

"Long Qi, we are leaving the Dragon Bone Forest to deal with something, so we have to say goodbye to you here." Li Mochen bid farewell to Long Qi.

"If so, I wish you a smooth journey. When you have time or if you come back to Dragon Bone City, be sure to come and see me!" Long Qi said.

"We will." Li Mochen replied.

After three months of getting along, they had become real friends. Even though Long Qi didn't know Li Mochen and his companions' real identities it wasn't important, as long as they were close.

He was able to successfully break through to the next level because Li Mochen had set up the power gathering formation and isolation formation for him. It allowed him to obtain a large amount of magical energy during the infant condensation process and reduced the difficulty and isolated all interference.

Long Qi left on his sword. Li Mochen and his companions did the same.

Li Mochen had many magical instruments in his space, so he took them out and gave them to Leng Yan and the others. Therefore, when they left, they all flew away on their swords.

They passed Dragon Bone Forest and went to the Tiancheng Sect's place.

Cultivators often disappeared for a year or more, or even several years. They wouldn't be considered dead because cultivators often needed a year or more for their closed cultivation.

Therefore, Long Qi's three-month absence didn't have any impact on the Long family.

When Long Qi returned and had successfully condensed the infant, Patriarch Long was overjoyed.

"Qi, you succeeded! That's wonderful!"

There were few cultivators at the Yuan Ying Period in Guiyun, and the proportion of Yuan Ying cultivators to those below the Golden Core Stage was about one in ten thousand. However, in the Long family, that ratio had reached one in seven.

There were more than ten thousand people inside and outside the Long family, but there were already seven cultivators at the Yuan Ying Period.

Long Qi was indeed a genius of the Long family and the first in his generation to successfully condense the infant.

As a result, many people were jealous of him.

The most jealous of them was Master Long's family.

Master Long's son, Long Yao, was a talented person, who was in the middle stage of the Golden Core Stage and had been secretly competing with Long Qi.

At first, they were about the same, but in these years, Long Qi had surpassed him, so Long Yao always felt very dissatisfied.

The relationship between the members of the Long family was mostly harmonious, but there were also disharmonious ones. However, even if they were disharmonious, they wouldn't kill one another. Once such behavior was discovered, they would be severely punished.

Those who were lightly punished would be deprived of their cultivation and expelled from the Long family, while those who were seriously punished would directly be killed.

Because of the strict family rules of the Long family, the Long family hadn't killed one another for many years.

If there were really conflicts, they could directly ask the patriarch or elders for help and settle it openly.

"Damn it, Long Qi successfully condensed the infant. How could he be so lucky?" Long Yao hid in his own room, filled with anger.

Cultivation indeed required not only talent but also opportunities and luck. Some people had already reached their peak. No matter how they cultivated, they still couldn't break through.

At this time, what they needed was an opportunity and luck, so Long Yao's thoughts weren't entirely unreasonable.

Long Qi was indeed fortunate to have met Li Mochen and his companions. He entered the depths of the Dragon Bone Forest with them and gained this opportunity and luck, otherwise he wouldn't know when he would be able to successfully condense the infant.

…

Li Mochen and his companions arrived at Tianshui Town, but didn't immediately visit the Tiancheng sect. Instead, they found an inn to stay in. The specific time to go up the mountain still needed to be discussed with Ling Chen.

However, because Li Mochen and his companions were strangers at present, there was no need to avoid anything. Ling Chen could meet them openly.

Unfortunately, they got in trouble as soon as they arrived in Tianshui Town.

Because Tianshui Town was close to the Dragon Bone Forest and many outsiders stayed here, it made the whole town lively. Most of them wanted to enter the Dragon Bone Forest for training.

Entering the Dragon Bone Forest for training was like going on a guided tour. There was a place in Tianshui Town specifically for group tours.

Because it was more dangerous to go in with fewer people, everyone chose to join a group. When there were ten or twenty people, it would be safer.

Unless their cultivation level was high, they cared about the number of people.

Li Mochen and his group arrived at the best inn in Tianshui Town. It was only about 4 pm, and most of the rooms had been booked, leaving only the last five, just enough for their group.

However, just as they were about to leave the counter after paying, two men arrived and asked for two rooms.

"Oh, nice to see you, Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang! I'm sorry to tell you that the last five rooms in the inn have been booked by these Taoists. There are no extra rooms left." The innkeeper apologized. He was respectful to Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang, which meant that they had high status.

The two golden core cultivators frowned upon hearing that and glanced at Li Mochen's group. They saw that there were golden core cultivators among them, but didn't pay them any attention. They directly said to the innkeeper, "Then we'll take one room, and give them four."

"Well…" The innkeeper looked at Li Mochen's group in embarrassment.

Li Mochen's group didn't bother to give them a glance and turned around to leave.

Why should they give up the rooms they booked?

Seeing them leaving, Immortal Yu immediately shouted, "Wait a second!"

Li Mochen and his group stopped and turned around. "What's the matter?"

"Didn't you hear what we just said?" Immortal Yu asked with a bad tone and arrogant attitude.

"We heard. So what?" Li Mochen asked, not bothering to look at them directly, just giving them a sidelong glance. He clearly didn't take them seriously at all.

Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang were stunned for a moment, then became angry. "So what? You should give up one room for us. We don't even ask you to give up two rooms. How dare you be so rude to us?"

"Right! Do you know who we are? We are disciples of the Tiancheng Sect. If you offend us, you won't have an easy time." Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Are disciples of the Tiancheng Sect allowed to act so arrogantly and domineeringly?" Li Mochen asked, his voice becoming colder.

Although he was no longer the leader of the Tiancheng Sect, he was still the former leader and had great authority.

Therefore, Li Mochen wouldn't let disciples of the Tiancheng Sect act arrogantly and domineeringly outside.

Moreover, they were both golden core cultivators in the middle stage, obviously they were core members of the Tiancheng Sect, either under the direct disciples of the elders or under the leader.

It was a dereliction of duty to have such disciples who relied on the authority of the Tiancheng Sect to act arrogantly.

"You…" The two men was struck dumb. The Tiancheng Sect wouldn't allow them to act arrogantly and domineeringly, but they had their own sense of superiority. As a result, they couldn't allow others to embarrass them outside.