Chapter 3482  Follow Them

Besides, they always abused their power as disciples of the Tiancheng Sect, but they hadn't encountered any problems. That was why they had become more and more brazen.

Therefore, even though Li Mochen said that, they weren't afraid.

They thought that Li Mochen and his people were at most from small sects or unimportant families who came to the Dragon Bone Forest for experience. Even if they weren't from small sects or unimportant families, they weren't from the major sects and families. At most, they belonged to medium-sized sects or families.

Because members of those major sects and families rarely went into the Dragon Bone Forest by first going to Tianshui Town.

"So what? Today I want a room. What can you do about it?" Immortal Yu said arrogantly. If they compromised like this, and it spread, they would lose face.

"That's right. I advise you to be sensible, otherwise, you won't be able to bear the consequences of failure." Immortal Wang threatened.

"Oh! I'm curious, what abilities do you have to do that?" Li Mochen said, releasing the pressure of a Yuan Ying lord, instantly oppressing the two golden core immortals. Their faces turned pale, and they were unable to catch their breath, then gradually lost their balance.

Both of them were shocked. They didn't expect this seemingly ordinary person to be so powerful.

This time, they caused themselves trouble.

However, Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang didn't beg for mercy. They still thought about threatening. "Aren't you afraid of the Tiancheng Sect? We are people by its leader's side."

Li Mochen immediately increased the pressure, causing the two of them to spurt blood uncontrollably. If that continued, their energy centers would be ruined.

Who was this person? He didn't even care about the Tiancheng Sect.

Li Mochen sneered. "Are people by the sect leader's side allowed to bully others? Unfortunately, Immortal Ling Chen and I are old friends. We'll meet tomorrow. I'll ask then if all the people by the sect leader's side are so arrogant and bullying." 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

As soon as Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang heard Li Mochen's words, their faces turned even paler, showing panic.

They didn't expect that this man was actually friends with Elder Ling Chen and had arranged to meet tomorrow.

If this man really told Elder Ling Chen about today's events, it would be serious trouble.

After weighing their options, Immortal Yu immediately begged for mercy. "Senior, please forgive us. We didn't know that you're Elder Ling Chen's friend. We're sorry that we've offended you greatly. We don't need the room anymore. No, we can pay for your accommodation."

"No need. Just get out!" Li Mochen didn't really plan to do anything to them. After all, they hadn't really done anything to him.

After being released by Li Mochen, Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang immediately escaped.

"You all, be careful of Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang. They probably won't let it go easily." The innkeeper kindly reminded.

"Thank you for the reminder. We will be cautious." Li Mochen thanked him.

Then, they all returned to their rooms and planned to rest for a while before going out to eat.

Originally, Leng Xiaoyao was supposed to share a room with Song Qingling, but Li Mochen directly took her to his room. Leng Xiaoyao blushed at once.

After entering the room, Li Mochen immediately set up a barrier and kissed Leng Xiaoyao.

It had been a long time since they last saw each other. He missed her so much!

Leng Xiaoyao struggled instinctively, but soon went along with it.

Before they knew it, things started to get out of control. It was Leng Xiaoyao who got her reason back first and stopped Li Mochen.

"Yaoyao, what are you still worried about? We are already a Dao couple." Li Mochen looked at Leng Xiaoyao with a pleading and dissatisfied expression.

"Um…" Leng Xiaoyao's gaze dodged. Actually, she didn't know what she was worried about. She just felt that she wasn't mentally prepared yet. Finally, she came up with a reason. "I'm still young…"

"You're already an adult. You're not young anymore," Li Mochen said resentfully, thinking that Leng Xiaoyao was just making excuses.

Fine! Nineteen years old wasn't considered old either. He was just too impatient.

"I-I'm not mentally prepared yet. L-Let's wait until we have avenged ourselves!" Leng Xiaoyao said. She didn't want to avoid it. It was just that whenever she thought about facing it, she felt extremely nervous.

"Aright!" Li Mochen didn't force it with Leng Xiaoyao. He didn't want to make her unhappy. However, he remembered her words. After revenge, he wouldn't be so patient.

In the evening, after dinner, Leng Xiaoyao still returned to the guest room with Song Qingling.

…

Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang didn't really intend to let it go, but they weren't stupid enough to take action themselves. Instead, they immediately returned to Tiancheng Sect and found the sect leader Ling Feng.

Ling Feng looked forty years old, but he had a bone age of seventy years. However, he was at the peak of the Yuan Ying Period and could live for several hundred years.

Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang didn't know about the relationship between Li Mochen and Ling Chen, but they wanted Ling Feng to help them. They deliberately told Ling Feng that they had discovered that Ling Chen had dealings with a mysterious expert who had come to Tianshui Town and would meet with Ling Chen tomorrow.

Because the man knew that they sided with the leader of the Tiancheng Sect, he attacked them. It seemed that he was deliberately targeting them.

Ling Feng was angry when he heard that news. He didn't doubt Immortal Yu and Immortal Wang's words because he had long discovered that Ling Chen wasn't behaving properly, especially in recent months. Therefore, he also had some doubts, but he just couldn't find any evidence.

Since they were going to meet tomorrow, he had to follow them.

The next morning, as soon as Ling Chen left Tiancheng Sect, Ling Feng also left with him. They had similar cultivation levels, so Ling Chen didn't notice him.

Not until they arrived at the inn where Li Mochen was staying did they notice him.

Ling Chen came alone, and Li Mochen didn't bring everyone to meet him. He only brought Leng Xiaoyao to a private room in the inn.

Ling Chen was also alone because their plan couldn't be known to others, even those around him.

It wasn't that he didn't trust them, but this matter wasn't yet confirmed. Therefore, the fewer people who knew about it, the safer it would be.

Ling Chen looked about thirty years old on the surface and had a bone age of about sixty years. He was at the peak of the Yuan Ying Period.

After entering the private room, Li Mochen set up an isolation formation, so when Ling Feng arrived, he couldn't sense Ling Chen's presence.

In an instant, Ling Feng was even more suspicious of Ling Chen's meeting with this mysterious person and wondered if he had ulterior motives.

…

In the room.

"Senior Brother Ling Chen, this is my Dao partner, Leng Xiaoyao." Li Mochen introduced Leng Xiaoyao to Ling Chen. Although his current identity was only a "clone" of Ling Yin, it wasn't wrong to call Ling Chen senior brother.

"Nice to meet you, Taoist Friend Leng." Ling Chen greeted Leng Xiaoyao politely because she didn't hide her cultivation level, which let Ling Chen feel that her cultivation level was above his own. Therefore, he should be polite.