Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 480

What About His Family?

“Director Liang, nice to meet you. The thing is, a group of hoodlums damaged and smashed my mother’s beauty salon yesterday and this is the evidence,” Gu Ning said and took out the USB flash disk handing it to Liang Youbo.

Hearing that, Liang Youbo took the USB flash disk at once and watched the evidence first. There were surveillance videos on the USB flash disk.

After watching the videos, both Liang Youbo and Yuan Jisong were mad, because Qin Lilin had hired a bunch of hoodlums to damage Gu Ning’s mother’s store because of business competition.

“Girl Gu, how is your mother now?” Yuan Jisong asked with concern.

“She was seriously injured, but luckily I had my special medicine, and she was much better after taking the pills. If I hadn’t taken the medicine with me, my mother would have been in great danger,” Gu Ning said seriously.

They both knew that Gu Ning had a special medicine, so they didn’t doubt her words. And they also noticed that Gu Man’s head was bleeding after the heavy hit in the videos. The head was the most fragile part of the human body, and it was likely to cause death after such a heavy hit.

“Miss Gu, I promise that I’ll handle this case in person!” Liang Youbo said to Gu Ning, and he was determined to punish Qin Lilin severely.

“Thank you so much, Director Liang,” Gu Ning said politely.

“My pleasure,” Liang Youbo replied.

After that, Gu Ning left for her home.

Once Gu Ning was gone, Liang Youbo gave the order to arrest Qin Lilin.

Qin Lilin thought that her plan had succeeded, but the police suddenly came to her store and arrested her without further questioning.

“What are you doing? I’m the younger sister of the director of the Tourism Administration! You can’t arrest me,” Qin Lilin shouted.

“The director of the Tourism Administration? Even the mayor can’t help you now, because Secretary Yuan has given the order to punish you according to the law!” A policeman sneered.

“What?” Hearing that, Qin Lilin was shocked. It was beyond her imagination that Secretary Yuan would be involved, because from her investigation she read that Gu Qing and Gu Man were ordinary people.

Before long, the news that Qin Lilin had hired hoodlums to damage Kamei Beauty Salon went abroad, and the owners of different stores in the shopping mall were all surprised. In the beginning, they all believed that Kamei Beauty Salon had annoyed the gang, but unexpectedly, it was simply business competition.

Facing solid proof, Qin Lilin wasn’t able to deny it. Therefore she would be brought to court tomorrow.

When Gu Ning got home, Gu Man was already awake, sitting on the sofa thinking about Tang Yunfan.

Gu Ning was patient. She wouldn’t force her mother to make the decision right now.

“Mom, I found the person who hired those hoodlums to damage our store,” Gu Ning said to Gu Man.

“Who?” Gu Man turned to Gu Ning.

“It’s the owner of Meiyan Beauty Salon. She was jealous of us, so she hired hoodlums to smash our store. Luckily, she was arrested today and will be sentenced tomorrow,” Gu Ning said.

Hearing the reason, Gu Man sighed. It seemed that running a popular store wasn’t a good thing.

After a while of silence, Gu Man opened her mouth wanting to say something, but didn’t say it aloud. Seeing that, Gu Ning directly asked her, “Mom, what do you want to say? Just tell me.”

“Forget it.” Gu Man gave up.

Since Gu Man didn’t want to say it, Gu Ning didn’t insist.

When Gu Qing came to visit them that afternoon, Gu Man told Gu Qing about what Qin Lilin had done. Hearing that Qin Lilin had already been arrested by the police, Gu Qing was relieved.

During dinner, Gu Man ate less than usual because she didn’t have much of an appetite. In the night, Gu Man finally asked Gu Ning, “Ningning, where does he live?” He was, of course, Tang Yunfan.

“He lives in City B,” Gu Ning said. “Actually, Master Tang already took me as his own granddaughter, but he doesn’t know that Tang Yunfan is my biological father yet. I think that maybe it’s fate that brought us together! Even though you didn’t meet him, we still have a connection with the Tang Family.”

Indeed, after Tang Haifeng officially took Gu Ning as his own granddaughter, Gu Man would have met the Tang Family sooner or later.

Although Gu Ning respected Gu Man’s opinion and decision, she would also help her mother to face it.

“What? Master Tang already took you as his own granddaughter?” Gu Man was surprised.

“Yes! I went to the Tang Family’s house and he saw me there,” Gu Ning said. He was, of course, Tang Yunfan.

“Well...” Gu Man didn’t know what to say. In that case, Gu Man would have to meet the Tang Family sooner or later.

“What is his family like?” Gu Man asked. Gu Man knew that it was always hard for in-laws to get along with each other.

“Master Tang’s wife passed away many years ago, and they only had a daughter and two sons. The older son works in politics, while the younger son is Tang Yunfan, who is a businessman. They’re all very nice and kind to me,” Gu Ning said.

Gu Man, however, was silent again. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The next afternoon, Gu Ning received Mu Ke’s call. “Boss, why didn’t you tell me what had happened to your store! How is your mother right now?” Mu Ke complained once Gu Ning answered his call.

“My mom is fine now. How did you get to know about it?” Gu Ning asked with curiosity.

“Ha-ha!” Mu Ke laughed, then said with obvious disdain, “Qin Zheng told me, because he turned to me after his aunt was arrested by the police. He wanted me to help him beg you. Is he crazy or something? How is it possible that I’d help him?” Mu Ke was furious saying that.