Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 510 Tang Yunfan Has a Car Accident II

Many classmates except for Shao Feifei and her friends were also worried about Gu Ning. Shao Feifei and her friends gloated over Gu Ning’s misfortune.

Gu Ning took out her phone the minute she walked out of the classroom and called Tang Yunfan. She wanted to tell him to avoid the large truck. However, she couldn’t get through to him.

Gu Ning realized that she wasn’t able to stop the car accident right now, so all she could do was to get to the accident scene as fast as she could. As long as Tang Yunfan was still alive, she was confident to rescue him.

When Gu Ning walked across the playground the principal was getting out of his car. Seeing that, Gu Ning directly walked to him and said, “I’m sorry, sir. May I use your car? I have an emergency to deal with.”

In the past, Gu Ning wouldn’t do that because the principal didn’t know who she was and it was impossible that he would be willing to lend his car to her. Nonetheless, everything was different now. Although it was an abrupt request, Gu Ning still did it because that was the quickest way for her to get to the accident scene.

The principal was displeased in the beginning when Gu Ning suddenly approached him and asked him to lend his car to her, but when he recognized Gu Ning and saw that she looked very anxious, he agreed without hesitation.

After Gu Ning got the key, she got in the car at once and drove it ahead at the highest speed, which shocked the principal.

Yu Mixi followed Gu Ning and she was also astonished by the way Gu Ning drove the car away. Since Gu Ning had already left, Yu Mixi could only go back to their classroom. She didn’t dare to call Gu Ning, because Gu Ning was driving the car fast. All she could do now was to hope that Gu Ning would be fine.

Luckily, it wasn’t the rush hour and there was little traffic on the road. Gu Ning was a skillful driver, so she easily avoided crashing even though she drove the car at the highest speed.

Other drivers on the road all noticed a gray private car moving smoothly at a very high speed among the traffic. They kept swearing, but had to admit that the driver of the gray private car was really skillful.

On the way to the airport, Gu Ning kept calling Tang Yunfan hoping that he would pick up. Unfortunately, the line was always busy. Gu Ning felt like crying now. She wasn’t familiar with Tang Yunfan, but they were father and daughter. In addition, Tang Yunfan treated her very well, and she was happy to have him be her father. The last thing she wanted to see now was his dead body.

Please, please, don’t leave us now. Gu Man needs you, and I need you too. You’re part of our family and we can’t lose you like this!

In City B, Quan Mingkai was sitting in the front of the desk in Tang Yunfan’s office. He was talking with Tang Yunfan about business on the phone. All of a sudden, he heard a loud sound from the phone and Tang Yunfan’s voice suddenly disappeared.

Quan Mingkai’s heart tightened quickly and he had a bad feeling. “Hi, boss? Can you hear me?”

However, he couldn’t hear Tang Yunfan’s voice anymore, and sensed that something had to be wrong. He immediately took out another phone and made a call.

“Weilun, boss might have had a car accident. You stay in the company right now, and I’ll go to find him,” Quan Mingkai said anxiously. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yan Weilun was Tang Yunfan’s other secretary. Both Quan Mingkai and he were Tang Yunfan’s close assistants, but he didn’t know Tang Yunfan’s relationship with Gu Ning.

“What?” Yan Weilun panicked a little. “No problem. I’ll manage the company.”

Quan Mingkai called his friend at the airport later and booked the earliest plane ticket to City F. After that, he called Yuan Jisong the Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee in City F, and told him to arrange an ambulance.

The Tang Family’s companies were around the whole country with a broad and powerful network, so they were able to maintain a close relationship with one or two important officials in every city.

Quan Mingkai didn’t tell him who had the car accident, but told him that the person worked for the Tanghuang Group. Therefore, Yuan Jisong did it to the best of his ability.

When Quan Mingkai arrived at the parking lot, he drove his car as fast as he could to the airport. He didn’t tell the Tang Family yet in case they would be too worried.

...

Eight minutes later, Gu Ning arrived at the accident’s location. Tang Yunfan had just gotten in the car accident five minutes ago and the ambulance as well as the police hadn’t arrived yet.

Gu Ning directly stopped the car at the roadside, then jumped over the guardrail in the middle of the road and rushed toward the private car.

Everyone was shocked by the crash scene so nobody noticed her.

The chauffeur of the private car was also injured but it wasn’t serious, while Tang Yunfan was in a very bad condition now.

The minute that Gu Ning arrived, she used her full force to remove the rear door of the car, because it was totally deformed.

“Hey, what are you doing?” Someone noticed Gu Ning now and stopped her.

“Move!” Gu Ning understood that the person was just being kind, but she was running out of time now, and wasn’t in the mood to be polite.

Gu Ning’s reaction made the onlookers think that she had to be a relative of the victim.

“Young girl, if you move the injured man randomly he could die,” a woman said gently trying to comfort Gu Ning. However, right at this moment, the deformed rear door of the car was removed. Everyone was shocked, and couldn’t believe it.

Gu Ning didn’t care about what they said or thought. All she cared about now was whether Tang Yunfan was still alive. Once the car door was removed, Gu Ning instantly checked Tang Yunfan’s breath. Luckily, he was still breathing, but Gu Ning was still worried because he was so badly injured that he could die at any second.