Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 615 Encounter Master Leng

“Boss, it’s done.” K gave the flash drive back to Gu Ning

“Wow, you’re very efficient!” Gu Ning was surprised.

“It’s very easy for me!” K said. It was child’s play in his eyes.

“Fine.” Gu Ning had to admit that K was indeed a computer master. Afterwards, Gu Ning called Quan Mingkai and told him that the ad was done, and that she would send it to him later. She would also send someone to sign the contract and pay the fee.

Quan Mingkai was astonished by Gu Ning’s efficiency, and he was doubtful whether the ad was good enough since it was done in such a short time. However, when he saw the posters and video, he was stunned because they were masterpieces!

Gu Ning called Zhou Zhenghong to handle things with Quan Mingkai.

After lunch, Gu Ning went to the antique street, but she drove Chen Cangyi’s car.

K and Chen Cangyi’s assistants arrived last night along with their cars. K’s car was too noticeable and Gu Ning disliked it, so she chose Chen Cangyi’s. Because of that, K had even criticized Gu Ning’s taste for a long time. K normally wouldn’t lend his car to others but Gu Ning even refused to use his.

Gu Ning drove Chen Cangyi’s Land Rover to the antique street later. She parked the car in the parking lot next to the entrance of the antique street, then took out the mahogany box from her telepathic eye space before she walked in.

The mahogany box was as big as a 24-inch suitcase. It wasn’t light, but it seemed very effortless for Gu Ning to carry it.

Although Gu Ning already had many real antiques, she couldn’t help using her Jade Eyes to search for more around the antique street. She hadn’t been here for a long time, so she thought that she might find a piece or two.

After a short time, Gu Ning noticed two real antiques at the roadside. One was a blue and white porcelain pen holder, while the other was a Yixing clay teapot. Gu Ning paid two thousand yuan for them.

“Isn’t it Girl Gu?”

Gu Ning walked ahead, and heard an old man’s voice all of a sudden. She looked over, and saw Jiang Zhongyu. Master Leng and Master Xu along with six bodyguards were with Jiang Zhongyu. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Although Gu Ning never met Master Leng officially, she had seen his photo in the news, so she recognized him at first glance. However, when Gu Ning encountered Master Leng, she got quite nervous. Even though she knew that Master Leng didn’t know her, she couldn’t help feeling anxious, because she was worried that Master Leng might not like her.

Gu Ning had never been so nervous before, because Master Leng was the only person Leng Shaoting cared about in his family. Even so, Gu Ning did her best to stay calm, and walked to them with a smile. “It’s so nice to see you, Master Jiang, Master Xu and this master too!”

“Ha-ha, Girl Gu, it’s been a while!” Master Xu said. He was happy to see Gu Ning.

Jiang Zhongyu’s sight fell on the box carried in Gu Ning’s arms. “Girl Gu, are there any antiques in this box?”

“Yes. I just got them, and I’m going to put them in Xiangyun Antique-store,” Gu Ning said.

Hearing that, their eyes lit up at once. Jiang Zhongyu said in a hurry, “Let’s go together!”

“Sure, let’s go!” Gu Ning said and guided the group forward. They, of course, knew where Xiangyun Antique-store was, but they thought that it was more polite to follow Gu Ning, since she was its boss now.

“Girl Gu, let me introduce you. This is our old friend, Master Leng,” Jiang Zhongyu said.

“Nice to meet you, Master Leng!” Gu Ning greeted him politely, although she was still very nervous in her heart.

“Oh, you are the girl who acquired Xiangyun Antique-store?” Master Leng asked. He just thought that Gu Ning was a pretty young girl, but didn’t think further. If he knew that Gu Ning was Leng Shaoting’s girlfriend, he would definitely change his attitude. Unfortunately, he didn’t know that yet.

“Yes, I am,” Gu Ning said politely.

“Great. You’re a successful young businesswoman,” Master Leng said and appreciated her ability. There were few young people who loved antiques, but Xiangyun Antique-store became more popular once this girl had acquired it.

After a short time, they arrived.

“Good morning, boss!” Chen Darong welcomed Gu Ning at once.

When he saw the group of people behind Gu Ning, he also greeted them with respect. “So nice to see you, Master Xu, Master Jiang, and this master! Welcome!”

Chen Darong didn’t know Master Leng because Master Leng had retired for a long time, and seldom appeared in a public place, so not many people knew his identity.

“Let’s go upstairs!” Gu Ning said. Since those masters were all from super-rich and powerful families, they needed privacy.

Afterwards, Chen Darong guided them to the second floor.

When some people noticed Jiang Zhongyu and the others walking into Xiangyun Antique-store, they followed them walking in but the group was already on the second floor. Some left right after since they couldn’t meet Master Jiang, while some bought several pieces of handicrafts before they left.

When they were all seated, Chen Darong went to pour cups of tea for them, and Gu Ning opened the box.

“This is a Tang Sancai yellow glaze horse”

“This is a bronze phoenix glass.”

“This is a jade ink stone from the Qing Dynasty.”

“This is...”

After seeing ten antiques in the box, Jiang Zhongyu and the others rounded their eyes in shock.

“Jesus! Girl Gu, where did you get so many real antiques?” Jiang Zhongyu asked with great surprise.

“Um, from different places, and...” Gu Ning said, then put down her backpack and took out the two antiques she just bought. “I just bought these at the roadside.”

“You just bought them here?” Hearing that, they were shocked again. They had been walking along the antique street, but failed to find anything valuable. However, Gu Ning found two real antiques!