Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 627 The Public Jade Bid

There was a girl who had an allergy because of eating mangoes. It was useless to apply ointment, and she had adverse reactions to infusion. A saleswoman gave the girl a 50ml lotion at once, which was well-packaged, and this medicine was also very effective.

In the beginning, the girl thought that it was too expensive, so the leader told her to try it for free. After applying it for a few minutes, her skin gradually went back to normal. If she continued to apply the lotion three times a day, she would fully recover from the allergy. Moreover, this lotion was also effective in removing acne marks. Therefore, it was very popular among girls.

Without hesitation, the girl bought it at once. Other girls in the pharmacy also bought it after seeing its effect with their own eyes.

Some people bought many kinds of medicine for themselves or their families too according to the illnesses they had, such as cold, rheumatism, joint pain, and so on. Those were all common illnesses, but weren’t serious, so it could be kept under control by taking medicines.

Colaine Pharmacy provided all the medicines for common illnesses.

“Why are the medicines here all the same brand?” someone suddenly asked.

A salesman explained. “It’s a direct-sale store of a pharmaceutical company, so there is only their brand, but the brand covers all the common illnesses.”

“Look, there are many skincare products too! They’re so expensive.”

Another saleswoman explained. “If you hesitate because of its price, you can try its sample first. If you like it, you can buy more after that.”

“Really?” Hearing that, the girl was very happy, and took three free samples of skin toner, emulsion and serum.

Other girls all got the same free samples.

Within a dozen minutes, there were dozens of customers coming in and out of this pharmacy. Although only half of them bought something, they were still able to make several thousand yuan.

“It’s a really good beginning!”

Gu Ning and the others saw everything in the lounge, and Ning Changkai was especially excited. There was also a satisfied smile on Gu Ning’s lips. To be honest, she was surprised that this pharmacy could be so profitable within a short time even before it opened.

Around 9 am, Gu Ning and Leng Shaoting left. They went directly back to Leng Shaoting’s house.

However, on the way home, Leng Shaoting received Xu Jinchen’s call. “Hey, Shaoting, since Gu Ning is in the capital now, why don’t you share a meal with us?”

Leng Shaoting didn’t answer it at once, but looked at Gu Ning asking for her opinion in silence. Gu Ning could hear Xu Jinchen’s voice on the phone and didn’t reject. Afterwards, they went to the appointed place.

Before long, Gu Ning’s phone rang, and the caller was Zheng Peng who was in City Teng.

“Hi, Uncle Zheng,” Gu Ning said.

“Boss, Burma will hold the annual public jade bid on the 28th next month. Will you be attending it?” Zheng Peng asked.

The public jade bid was held once every year in Burma, and it was the largest public jade bid activity in Burma. The public jade bid was the most exciting competition for jade merchants. It was a comprehensive competition of wealth, eyesight and courage.

Prior to the beginning of the public jade bid, all raw materials of jade were numbered and indicated its weight as well as reserve price. The reserve price was generally low. All the raw materials were publicly exhibited for three days, and jade merchants observed all the exhibits one by one to select what they needed. Afterwards, they evaluated its price to determine the best bid price before putting it into the bidding box.

Burma was very strict about jade resources. It was only legal o trade at the public jade bid, and all other kinds of trade would be regarded as smuggling.

Although Gu Ning already had her own raw material mountain, she was running a jade provider now, so she needed a large amount of raw materials.

In the beginning, Gu Ning planned to visit Burma to buy raw materials when she was free. She had her telepathic eye space after all, so she wasn’t worried about being caught because of smuggling. However, unexpectedly, the public jade bid would be held the next month. It was already the end of this month, so she still had a month to prepare for it. She could settle the ongoing things within a month.

“Sure, why not,” Gu Ning said.

Leng Shaoting heard their talk on the phone, and thought that he could get at least a week free next month. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“If I’m free next month, I’ll go with you,” Leng Shaoting said.

“Great.” Gu Ning agreed.

A short while after Gu Ning hung up the call with Zheng Peng, Jiang Ruiqin called her after he had hesitated for a long while.

“Hey, what are you doing now? Wanna dine out together?” Jiang Ruiqin said.

Hearing the voice, Leng Shaoting immediately knew who he was, and he was confused as to how Gu Ning got to know Jiang Ruiqin.

“Thanks, but I already have an appointment with my friend,” Gu Ning said, feeling a little bad.

“Well, fine, we can dine together next time.” Jiang Ruiqin was a little disappointed, but didn’t insist.

“Sure,” Gu Ning said then hung up.

“Are you familiar with him?” Leng Shaoting said, feeling slightly jealous.

Gu Ning sensed Leng Shaoting’s emotional changes, she wore a resigned look but still explained. “I’m not. I just encountered him when I ran in the morning yesterday, and I met him again when I hung out with Xu Qinyin last night. We just know each other for a short time.”

Hearing that, Leng Shaoting was even more jealous. “You just met him twice, and you already gave him your phone number and you even agreed to dine with him next time?”

Gu Ning was amused by her jealous boyfriend. However, she thought that it was reasonable that he was displeased, because she had so many male friends while he had few female friends. Actually, Gu Ning kept a polite distance for her male friends.

Gu Ning didn’t know what to do seeing Leng Shaoting being jealous, but she wouldn’t blame him. Instead, she became more patient and explained it clearly, “He’s Qinyin’s friend, and Master Jiang’s grandson, so It wasn’t appropriate if I refused to exchange phone numbers with him. I can make an excuse the next time if he calls again.”

Hearing that, Leng Shaoting cheered up.

Xu Jinchen invited them to dine together in the presidential suite at Jinlin Hotel which was Xu Jinchen’s family business.