Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 87: Run 10 Circles Before Getting Your Gift

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Before Jiang Xu got home, everyone was resting.

On the other side, Lin Lijuan had been aggravated by Gu Ning. She stopped shopping and went back home earlier.

Once she got home, Lin Lijuan kept swearing at Gu Ning and her mother.

“What happened?” Her mother-in-law asked. Although she heard Lin Lijuan swearing at Gu Ning and her mother, she didn’t know what had happened.

Lin Lijuan then told the old lady everything.

“What? Gu Ning the bastard threatened you today? Isn’t today Monday? Why wasn’t she at school?” The old lady was also surprised.

Hearing that, Lin Lijuan finally realized today was Monday, but Gu Ning wasn’t in her school. “Who knows. She probably dropped out!”

Saying that, Lin Lijuan even believed it was true, and slightly felt happy.

“If she really dropped out, she deserved it. She wouldn’t apologize to Xiaoxiao, and even yelled at me.” The old lady snorted with anger. She had no sympathy for her granddaughter at all.

“Oh, did Gu Qing behave against my warning and let Gu Man and Gu Qing stay with her?” the old lady asked.

“I don’t know. She said no.” Although Gu Qing had denied it, Lin Lijuan didn’t believe her. The rent was so high outside. How could Gu Man and Gu Qing afford it?

“No, I must give them a call.” The old lady seemed like she enjoyed humiliating Gu Man and Gu Ning so much. She immediately took out her phone and called Gu Man.

Unfortunately, no one answered. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Gu Man did it on purpose of course.

The old lady called her after they had had a fierce argument with Lin Lijuan. She must be calling to criticize them. Gu Man didn’t want to answer the call at all.

...

Jiang Xu had walked around in the construction materials market. There was a good location to open a shop, but it was too small.

Jiang Xu did have a good choice, but the store was located outside of the construction materials market. It was noticeable and huge, around 300 square meters, and the annual rent was five hundred thousand yuan.

If his business was profitable, he could get the utilities fee back within several months, but if his business wasn’t profitable, it would hard to settle a deal within a year.

After Gu Ning heard the news, she thought that they had to choose the huge store, and run a big business. Therefore, she supported Jiang Xu.

Although Jiang Xu thought it was a little risky, he was happy.

Gu Ning understood Jiang Xu was slightly worried. She comforted him to do his best, he didn’t need to worry about the money.

Before Gu Ning went to sleep, she talked with her friends in their “Family of Fighters” WeChat group. She told them to keep training tomorrow.

Anyone who didn’t show up before 6:20 am wouldn’t get his or her gift.

Knowing that, each of them all promised they would show up on time tomorrow.

Except for Yu Mixi, the rest all didn’t lack money, or gifts. However, they lacked meaningful gifts. It had nothing to do with the price.

As long as the gift was from Gu Ning, they would be happy even if it was only worth several yuan.

The next morning, Gu Ning got up at 5:30 am and left her home at 5:35 am.

Fenghua Luxury Mansion was seven to eight kilometers away from her school. It took her around 25 minutes to get there by running.

When she arrived at her school, it was 6 am. She went to buy breakfast, and coincidentally met Yu Mixi on her way.

That girl was pretty early today!

“Ningning, you’re finally back!” Seeing Gu Ning, Yu Mixi was super excited. She ran to Gu Ning and held her arm tightly.

They seemed very close, but it was quite normal between close friends.

Although Gu Ning didn’t like to have physical touch with others, she could accept it if the other person was her friend.

“What do you want for breakfast? It’s on me!” Yu Mixi asked.

Yu Mixi was Gu Ning’s close friend so she didn’t reject her kindness. “A steamed bun and soy milk please!”

They didn’t have much time left, so it was convenient to have a steamed bun and soy milk.

Both Gu Ning and Yu Mixi bought a steamed bun and soy milk. They went into their school together.

“Ningning, can you tell me what my gift is?” Yu Mixi was curious.

“Sorry, I can’t. I’ll show you all when everyone arrives,” Gu Ning answered.

“Fine.” Yu Mixi was a little disappointed.

There were a few students running in the morning.

They met Mu Ke halfway.

They were all in school uniforms. Thus Mu Ke actually didn’t recognize them from their back at first, but he soon recognized their voices.

“Hey boss, Mixi.”

He ran to them immediately.

“Boss, where is my gift?” Mu Ke asked for his gift at once too.

“Ningning said she would only show us when everyone arrives,” Yu Mixi said before Gu Ning could.

Mu Ke then had the same feeling of disappointment as Yu Mixi.

When they arrived at the football field, it was 6:10 am. Chu Peihan came minutes later. She asked for her gift too, but got the same answer as well.

A few minutes later, Hao Ran and his friends arrived. They ran here, and were all out of breath.

“Boss, where is my gift?” Hao Ran asked with excitement.

“Run 10 circles first. The last one, except for Mixi, will only get his or her gift after the morning class,” Gu Ning said, then she started to run.

Ten circles amounted to four thousand meters.

No!

Hearing that, the boys all shouted in sadness. It was such a torture to them! The last one could only get his or her gift after the morning class. No one wanted to be the last one.

No one dared to argue with Gu Ning, unless they wanted to get punched, so they had to follow her at the end.

It seemed impossible for Hao Ran and his bros to beat Chu Peihan and Mu Ke, so they decided to compete with each other.

They now became competitors for Gu Ning’s gifts.

Indeed, from the beginning, Hao Ran, Qin Zixun and Zhang Tianping were left behind.

However, they just hadn’t caught their breath yet, it didn’t mean they were weak. They actually weren’t far behind Gu Ning.

Gu Ning ran three times longer than the others, but with her power, she was now much stronger than before.

She felt a little tired, but not much.

She had run seven to eight kilometers from Fenghua Luxury Mansion to her school, but she was simply slightly out of breath. She didn’t feel utterly exhausted anymore.

Other than Gu Ning, Chu Peihan was the strongest among them.

Although Gu Ning didn’t know Chu Peihan’s background very well, she believed she must has received long-term professional training.