Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"So, how about we take care of our loot of war here?" Bai Zemin proposed as he gazed with impossible-to-hide excitement at the objects before him.

"I agree." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and even her natural cold expression had largely melted due to the heat in her eyes. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Chen He and Liang Peng didn't even think about it when they nodded.

In front of the group of four, on a table inside a building that had not been demolished during the previous battle against the First Order, several objects lay there; some glowed and attracted attention as if they wanted to be taken immediately, while others released a special magical aura around them.

These objects were twelve treasure orbs among which there were two rare ones and there were also two skill scrolls, all the loot of war obtained after being victorious.

While it was true that the danger of First Order creatures was overwhelming, even more so when they were in groups, if an existence managed to overcome that danger and emerge victoriously then it was highly plausible that they would become rich overnight as the number of treasures that could be acquired were in massive amounts.

Thirteen treasure orbs! Even Bai Zemin himself had not had that many orbs in his hands despite all the dangers he had faced since day 1!

The four took an orb in each hand and squeezed it tightly causing bright flashes of light to be released as the orbs disappeared and new items appeared on the large table. A few seconds later, the thirteen orbs had disappeared, and in their place were thirteen items.

Before anyone stepped forward, Chen He looked at Bai Zemin and offered, "I think you should be the first one to choose... Although we all helped and did our part, the reality is that the final major part was done by you."

Shangguan Bing Xue said nothing about it and Liang Peng sighed before waving his hand to indicate that he too did not object even if the greed was there.

Seeing that no one objected and were at least as sensible, Bai Zemin nodded and stepped forward, "Then I won't hold back."

Bai Zemin looked at the treasures on the table one by one and after touching them briefly the information of each one flashed in his retina one after another.

There were some treasures that he already possessed, such as; Piercing Glove, Hurricane Necklace, Blazing Ring, there was even another Xuanyuan Sword.

But there were also some treasures that Bai Zemin currently lacked.

[Earth Bracelet (Rare Grade Treasure): When equipped it automatically increases Magic by +10. Once per day you can use the skill 'Earth Spike'. Earth Spike: Raises from the ground a two-meter-high earth spike capable of piercing the defenses of a small armored vehicle].

The Earth Bracelet was a Rare grade item that increased an equivalent of 5 stat levels just by equipping it and at the same time granted the wielder the ability to activate an attack skill capable of turning the tide of a battle if used correctly.

Bai Zemin was not polite and took it for himself before observing the rest.

[Velocity Boots (Normal Grade Treasure): Extremely light, easy to wear, and automatically adapt to the body. When equipped, Agility +10].

The only boots Bai Zemin had owned so far had been destroyed during his battle to the death against the first Blazing Beetle, the first First Order creature he knew of. Since then, although he had acquired several red treasure orbs, he had not been lucky enough to obtain a pair of boots to replace the previous ones.

Now he could finally wear a pair again and increase his Agility by another notch.

In order not to break the balance and harmony that had grown in the group after several days of living together and shoulder-to-shoulder battles, Bai Zemin decided not to be greedy and take the other rare treasure. Besides, he already had a Xuanyuan Sword so there was no point in taking it for himself anyway.

However, Lilith appeared with a wild idea and pointed out as if she was excited, "You can be like Kirito and wield two swords at the same time. Look, you even wear black and everything!"

Bai Zemin couldn't help but look in her direction.

He looked at her with his eyes wide open as if he was looking at an alien and if it wasn't for the circumstances he would have definitely asked her if demons watched anime too.

Even so, he couldn't help but say, "Aren't you afraid of copyright?"

Lilith replied, "Copyright? Bah... We can just say that we're using a set of words and that's all~ The fact that this beauty mentions that name should be a high compliment, don't you think?"

Unconsciously, Bai Zemin nodded and ignore the joke not-so joke at the end.

But... Seriously, Lilith knew that anime? Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry at the revelation.

"Bai Zemin, what are you talking about?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him dumbfounded.

"... Forget it." He shook his head and continued to look at the treasures.

Bai Zemin, being the biggest contributor, also picked up a normal treasure dagger and a small pearl that slightly increased the Mana. He would use those two treasures for his direct subordinates in the future.

Besides that, he did not pay attention to the two skill scrolls since one of those skills he had already learned and the other one did not suit his fighting style. However, he remembered Kang Lan and hesitated.

One of them was Elephant Skin, the passive skill before First Order Bronze Skin.

The other scroll was a First Order level 1 skill called Poisonous Cloud.

[Poisonous Cloud (First Order Skill) Level 1: Releases a cloud of toxic gas with a width of 3x3 meters in front of the user. Uninfected enemies of level 15 and below will die immediately after inhaling the poison and those above level 20 are completely immune. It needs to consume 5 Mana points to activate].

Kang Lan currently lacked an active magic skill that would allow her to better defend herself as she only possessed a healing skill at the moment.

"Take it." Shangguan Bing Xue interrupted his thoughts and looked at him with clear eyes as she said, "Chen He is right in saying that 60% of the entire plan was completed by you anyway. Even if you take a little more I don't think it's necessarily wrong."

Bai Zemin looked at her a little surprised and couldn't help but have his impression of her improve slightly.

Although Shangguan Bing Xue was boorish and sometimes even a nuisance, she was also a smart, capable, and strong woman. Moreover, she was also not shameless, and even with her hatred or annoyance for men, she did not hesitate to praise someone or point out their achievements when they deserved it.

In the end, Bai Zemin gave her a natural smile and also picked up the skill scroll to hand it to Kang Lan later. After all, he still remembered his earlier promise to her, and if he wanted to form his own power he needed his subordinates to trust his word.