Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Be that as it may, as Bai Zemin looked at himself in the mirror he finally remembered that when he became Blood Mystic upon reaching the Second Order and along with the evolution process of his race, there wasn't just a massive increase in overall power.

"I understand the part about increasing my Charm and all that, but..." Bai Zemin sighed as he handed the mirror back to Shangguan Bing Xue. "Was it really necessary to change my hair color like this?"

"It's okay, Little King." Shangguan Xinyue who had finally stopped laughing comforted him, "Yijun wasn't lying just now. You really look hotter and more mature this way."

"Even if you say it like that I can't help but feel that I look like a teenager in his rebellious stage." Bai Zemin winced.

"You'll get used to it soon, and when that happens you won't feel anything strange." Shangguan Bing Xue pointed out calmly. "Once you get used to the change you'll realize that you actually look better than you think and you won't pay any attention to it anymore. A matter of getting used to the changes, I guess."

"...Like everything else in this life." Bai Zemin sighed before finally nodding. "Forget it. Nothing to do about it anyway. We'll see how things turn out."

About an hour later.

"Are you all ready?" Bai Zemin looked at the four women in front of him and said in a serious voice, "Remember; we're not looking for trouble, we'll just go look for Meng Qi while showing our support towards Xian Mei'er. That's all."

Shangguan Bing Xue was wearing a new armor that Bai Zemin had given her, and although it was not as good as her previous one it was still good enough to help her out of a tight spot, "I understand. Even though we have control of China, controlling the seas surrounding China is a completely different matter."

"Fighting in the water is really troublesome. My Agility drops drastically in the ocean, I can't move freely, and I need to consume too much Stamina and Mana so that the water waves don't reveal my position." Evangeline who was wearing tight leather armor pointed out with a sigh. 

"If possible I don't want to have to fight in the water ever again in my life." Shangguan Xinyue was wearing a seemingly normal white colored dress but it was actually a Rank 2 magic robe. "I felt completely useless in the battle against the alligator from before."

"The feelings you three have are my feelings." Bai Zemin nodded with a serious expression on his face. 

Fighting on dry land or even in the air were two absolutely and completely different things from fighting underwater. Even Bai Zemin felt a tremendous drop in his power under the sea.

"Well... I felt pretty good fighting underwater." Wu Yijun smiled shyly. "My Hydrokinesis skill is much stronger here."

In fact, Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue were the only ones who despite losing something had also gained something in return while fighting under the sea.

...

After the group of four emerged from the Collector's Pocket World, what greeted them was pure darkness.

The four felt a great force pressing down on their bodies not only from above but also from the sides and from below; it was as if four giant steamrollers were advancing towards a central point which was where they were, gradually squashing them.

"...Are we in the same place as before?" Wu Yijun asked with a frown.

Shangguan Bing Xue felt the cold temperature of the surroundings and said in a clear but cold voice, "We are definitely under the sea... But what is wrong with this gravity?"

Bai Zemin frowned as he felt a very bad premonition in his chest, and as if life itself was waiting for him and his team to come out of the Collector's Pocket World, a message flashed in the eyes of all living beings on Planet Earth.

[Earth officially enters the Third Stage of Evolution].

...

Bai Zemin and his group did not know it as they were too deep below sea level, but if they were on the surface they would undoubtedly be greatly shocked.

From different parts of the world, even from a marine area somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean, five bright and thick beams of light rose up like columns and burst into the sky.

​ The five columns of light were so bright and their aura so powerful that from anywhere in the world one would definitely be able to see them break through the clouds and illuminate the sky for several seconds.

At the same time, millions of survivors all over the world ranging from humans to animals and plants found themselves being crushed by the sudden increased gravitational pressure of the world.

Strong earthquakes shook the planet Earth and ferocious waves hundreds of meters high rose like giants before hitting the coast and wreaking catastrophic havoc.

Millions died exploding into a pile of bloody pulp with broken bones unable to withstand the gravitational pressure, but the number of deaths caused by apocalyptic disasters definitely amounted to at least a few hundred thousand all over the Earth.

The world expanded, its laws strengthened, and the countless mana tornadoes spinning out of control everywhere looked threatening even to the strongest. The density and purity of the mana that surrounded the world did not stop growing, and those soul evolvers with less capacity to adapt fell on their knees and little by little began to mutate into zombies.

...

The commander's ring in Bai Zemin's hands was glowing brightly and all the golden communication runes were beating violently.

Shangguan Bing Xue, Shangguan Xinyue, Wu Yijun, and Evangeline were stunned as they listened to the frenetic voices coming out from the ring.

From different bases, reports of everything that was happening were coming in real-time one after another.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"How can this be possible..." Wu Yijun murmured in shock.

"Fuck!!!" Bai Zemin thundered in frustration and anger, causing the already agitated waters to shudder and explode outward at his outburst.

Some bases had already fallen and the losses his faction had suffered in a matter of minutes were already incalculable! And they had yet to even take into account the impending future attack from other races!

"Why are there soul evolvers turning into zombies!" Shangguan Bing Xue exclaimed with a fluttering heart. "Weren't we supposed to be fine after the first wave?!"

The first wave of mana had turned at least 70% or 80% of humanity into zombies, mindless creatures. This second wave certainly wouldn't be as terrifying but that didn't mean it would be any less frightening considering there would be soul evolvers falling this time.

"You four don't resist and quickly return to the Collector's Pocket World." Bai Zemin ordered in a deep voice and without waiting for a response sent his will towards the four females beside him.

Evangeline and Shangguan Xinyue disappeared in an instant without asking questions, but Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun seemed to have thought the same thing as they both asked at exactly the same time, ""What about you?"" 

The two friends looked at each other, and although they could not see each other's faces as they were both wearing masks they could sense each other's surprise.

"I'll go find Meng Qi first, then I'll teleport to where our families are." Bai Zemin replied firmly. "There is no time to waste."

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun nodded and no longer insisted, and the next second they both disappeared without even leaving a trace of their auras behind.

"Damn bastard!" Bai Zemin shouted through his teeth and with a mighty stomp he launched himself towards the bottom of the sea, completely ignoring and shattering all pressure and resistance the sea put in front of him.

Along the way, many frenzied sea creatures rushed towards Bai Zemin while others fought each other.

Giant snakes over 300 meters long and with bodies as wide as buildings, giant squids over 1000 meters, whale-like mutant sharks, and many other mutant sea beasts unleashed a bloody hell under the sea.

"Scram to hell!" Bai Zemin roared and without stopping he continued to move forward at full speed.

Regardless of their size or level, all the sea creatures that crossed his path either froze and exploded or their bodies were pierced from side to side as they were ripped through by Bai Zemin who moved several times faster than a bullet.

With the Earth expanding in real-time, the East Sea naturally became larger and deeper. Therefore, the small white dot that was once in sight was nowhere to be seen.

Just at that moment, a message that only Bai Zemin received flashed across his retinas.

[After the fall of one of the strongest beings of the past, the 'Buried History' phase has been opened].

"Buried History? What the hell is that!" Bai Zemin no longer knew what was going on but he certainly did not stop to think, and unfortunately, there was no one to answer his doubts.

However, deep in his soul, the same sleeping object that had released a streak of crimson lightning just at the moment when the attack of the Bible God should have destroyed the planet lit up for a brief moment before it practically faded out completely.

Approximately 10 minutes later and with the support of Crimson Lightning Flash, as well as Overlap Regeneration, Bai Zemin finally spotted the white dot from before.

"There it is!" He sped up even more, but was soon surprised to see bright flashes of light breaking in all directions from the white spot that was where the capital of the kingdom Xian Mei'er was part of.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

...

Explosion after explosion caused the East Sea to shake and soon Bai Zemin could feel the unmistakable feeling of blood enveloping his existence completely.

The water around him had become so viscous that even without being able to see further than 5 meters ahead Bai Zemin understood what was happening.

'It seems that the sea creatures are also experiencing their own battle.' 

The mere thought made Bai Zemin uneasy and with a dragon roar caused all the sea creatures before him to explode all at once as he headed towards where Meng Qi was.

Even without being blood siblings, Bai Zemin could feel her approximate location. It was impossible for him to miss that feeling of familiarity belonging to someone he had spent most of his life with.

If it was his past self, performing this feat would have been impossible considering that Bai Zemin had even crushed more than 5 Second Order beings without even looking at them while turning tens of thousands per second into warm, liquid blood.

But, his current self was a completely different being and the power of his new class was being displayed even though he wasn't even trying.

...

Outer Space.

Fire Sorrow had taken about a day to reach the place where her home had once been. She had spent 70% of her total Mana, practically triple what she had consumed during the war against the invaders of The Golden Domain.

This was because Fire Sorrow tried to cut off as much space as possible and jump extremely long distances in order to reach her target even a second earlier.

Unfortunately, when she got there, all she saw was a huge empty space of nothingness.

But Fire Sorrow wasn't too discouraged.

"Lucifer said he saw Lilith coming out of this place... A door, a crack, something... there has to be something..."

She seemed to be ignoring on a subconscious level the words in which Lucifer harshly pointed out to her that even after searching for a long time and studying the area, he couldn't find the slightest spatial disturbance or defensive barrier.

Fire Sorrow searched with her eyes, cast detection magic, summoned some special beasts created from magic specialized in sensing magical power, and even used high-tech devices to detect anomalies in space.

Unfortunately, even after about 5 hours, she had found nothing.

Five hours of time was nothing to an eternal being.

Five hours was certainly nothing for someone who had lived millions of years.

To Fire Sorrow, five hours was no different than the blink of an eye.

But, for the first time in a long time, five hours meant a lot to her.

Although only five hours had passed, Fire Sorrow began to despair at finding nothing. The disappointment of feeling hope after so long only to find that it was all in her head proved to be much stronger than she expected.

Fire Sorrow looked up at the bright hot sun and with a bitter smile on her face pulled out the little old and nothing special looking pendant that when the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf attacked could have been salvation but that she refused to sacrifice even if it cost her life.

This pendant had not much meaning, to others it would be no different than a piece of junk. But to her, it was something very important, her most prized possession; even more than her most powerful treasures.

"What am I supposed to do..." She said with hidden bitterness.

Just then, Fire Sorrow felt as if something was being torn apart behind her.

As she looked straight ahead, her eyes widened slightly and her heart began to race. Fire Sorrow watched as her surroundings lit up crimson red and heard what seemed to be countless flashes of lightning crackling for a few seconds before everything returned to normal... except for one thing.

Fire Sorrow's surroundings had now taken on a faint sky-blue radiance, warm and not at all blinding but pleasant to look at.

Like someone scared of running into an illusion and getting even more disappointment, Fire Sorrow did not turn completely around but like a malfunctioning machine slowly turned her head to look over her shoulder.

Once the right side of her pretty face lit up before the faint blue radiance, Fire Sorrow's world fell silent as she watched with tears in her eyes and her heart beating faster and faster as the beautiful big blue planet grew bigger and bigger in real-time before her eyes.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3