Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Blood Manipulation.

Two simple words that actually meant a lot.

One of the weakest Manipulation type skills when it came to universal laws but probably one of the most powerful if not the most powerful of all Manipulation type skills when it came to manipulating the life of an existence.

After all, even the Higher Existences regardless of their race had blood in their bodies and needed it to live.

Fortunately for everyone in the universe, the only being who managed to learn Blood Manipulation had ventured beyond the Abyssal Rift and therefore his enemies and future enemies didn't have to worry too much.

It had been how many years since Fire Sorrow had seen the skill Blood Manipulation in action? Two million? Three million years? She had lost count after the first million; from that point onward time simply neither counted nor discounted for her.

Although on the outskirts of the Constellation of the Heavenly Wolf the power of Blood Manipulation was brought to light by the remaining ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius, that was just a remnant power. 

Fire Sorrow was seeing Blood Manipulation being wielded by a living being, a Second Order human right in front of her eyes!

"W- Who is he..." The powerful Seventh Order whispered as she looked at the young human's back on the big white dog. 

She had been so focused on the young man's back and the fact that his soul was able to handle the weight of such a terrifying skill that Fire Sorrow had completely missed the sight of the golden bow and the arrow.

Suddenly, Fire Sorrow saw how Bai Zemin raised the golden bow with the blood arrow pointing towards the terrifying mana tornado and subconsciously exclaimed in shock, "You- Stupid, stop!"

Bai Zemin was too focused on his task to worry about other things. He not only had to control the attacks of blood spears and fire spears kilometers behind but he also needed to be very careful about what he was about to do or he might die; therefore, anything like someone's voice never made it into his ears.

Under Fire Sorrow's wide-open eyes, the body of the Lower Existence in front of her was suddenly enveloped by a halo of golden light and she immediately felt the young man's magical power increase tremendously.

Less than a second later, Bai Zemin released his grip on the blood arrow.

BOOM!!!

The hand with which Bai Zemin held his golden bow was thrust skyward and his body along with Little Snow's was pushed back by the strong shockwave caused by the sonic blast from the blood arrow's sonic boom after leaving the bowstring.

He winced as he felt the wounds on his left arm open up but quickly called out, "Back off! Little Snow, back off!"

The big white dog made no questions as she could sense danger as well and without hesitation turned and began to run on the sky towards the base.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Stupid, mana twisters can't be destroyed like that!" Fire Sorrow felt anger, frustration, and also a bit of fear as she watched how everything was unfolding without her being able to do anything at all.

The Lower Existence in front of her could use Blood Manipulation and Earth had not been destroyed... If the young man in front of her was truly the reincarnation of Sirius then she couldn't let him die even if it cost her life!

However, what happened next shocked her even more than she already was.

The blood arrow powered by over 14,000 Magic points and crafted with 3000 Mana points withstood the pressure of the mana tornado and shattered all the winds that swirled around it. Its speed was so high that the five kilometers distance between the shooting spot and the tornado was closed in less than five seconds.

When the blood arrow hit the tornado, however, far from exploding what happened was that it went through the wall of mana and disappeared.

Before Fire Sorrow could wonder what was wrong, she soon realized that the power of the mana tornado was plummeting at lightning speed and soon she figured out the reason.

"Mana Negation..." She stared at Bai Zemin who was approaching riding his white dog in shock, "How- Did a Lower Existence of Second Order manage to rise Blood Manipulation up to the Fourth Order?"

Bai Zemin looked back over his shoulder with a serious expression on his face, and despite feeling the mana tornado weakening very fast he did not relax.

Mana Negation was a passive trait that Blood Manipulation had acquired when it evolved into the Fourth Order. Just as its name suggested, Mana Negation absorbed and rejected the existence of mana from everything it touched; of course, it had limits and that was precisely why Bai Zemin had spent so much Mana at once and boosted his magic power by increasing his Magic stat using Overlap Regeneration.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin's expression changed and he soon spent another 1000 Mana points to craft a second blood arrow.

Predicted Danger Sensed triggered and Bai Zemin immediately saw a purple flash come out from the center of the mana tornado flying in his direction.

At the same time as he put 50% of his focus on the purple lightning, Bai Zemin saw the weak point of the magical attack thanks to Magic Break and without delay released the arrow he was holding back.

BANG!!!

From the distance, a large purple flash could be seen exploding and illuminating a good section of the sky after the collision between the blood arrow and the purple lightning.

As the purple flashes and sparks flew everywhere and illuminated the entire battlefield, Fire Sorrow was stunned trying to comprehend what had just happened.

That lightning from before had enough power to damage a Fourth Order soul evolver... but it was shattered just like that?

As one of the most powerful Higher Existences in the universe, the most talented and powerful mage in the cosmos, the existence known as Calamity Witch by the invaders of The Golden Domain looked at the scene in front of her thunderstruck, the young human's voice made her blink again.

"Little Snow, let's get that one next!"

Fire Sorrow blinked and felt numb as she stared ahead only to find that one of the three closest mana tornadoes had just disappeared right in front of her eyes.

"To think that under all this pressure this Lower Existence really managed to think of this method to finish off the mana twisters..." Fire Sorrow felt a bit of admiration in her heart.

In this kind of circumstance, the most normal thing to do was to use power in a desperate attempt to try to survive. However, no matter how powerful a Lower Existence was, trying to break through a mana tornado was literally suicide.

Bai Zemin had no idea that he had public watching his every action with great attention. He only had one goal in mind, and that was to make the three mana tornadoes that were the cause behind the birth of so many monsters disappear, or else it would be weeks before this war came to an end; not to mention the fact that the three mana tornadoes could explode at any moment, releasing all the mana inside and destroying everything for hundreds of miles around.

After using Overlap Regeneration to recover his Mana, Bai Zemin spent another 3000 points to shape a new blood arrow and aimed at the weakest point of the second mana tornado.

Just like before and perhaps as an automatic trigger, the mana tornado attacked Bai Zemin using the magical power of the lightning that crackled around it. However, this attack was more powerful than that of the first mana tornado.

Roar!!!

A lightning flash as thick as a building broke the sky like a dragon and fiercely shook the atmosphere as it flew towards Bai Zemin and Little Snow who were trying to get as far away from the area as possible.

This time Fire Sorrow was more relaxed in order to see things more clearly. No matter how one put it, even if she was experiencing the biggest shock she had received in millions of years, the reality was that Fire Sorrow was not an inexperienced young girl; she was a being who had endured through countless eras and experienced all kinds of hardships in her life.

When she saw the blood arrow hitting the lightning dragon, Fire Sorrow caught that brief millisecond of impact and finally understood.

'It seems that this young man can see the weak point of magical attacks.' Fire Sorrow was, after all, a mage who was called by other Higher Existences the most talented in the path of magic.

'However, this attack and the previous one are different.' 

Just as Fire Sorrow had just foreseen, the dragon-shaped lightning was not shattered as Bai Zemin thought would happen but rather its size was reduced by half as it continued its way towards him.

His expression changed slightly but he did not let this unforeseen event cloud his thoughts. The battlefield was prone to change and the occurrence of unforeseen events was completely normal; he had learned this long ago, and staying calm had helped him to survive each one.

Under the watchful eyes of Fire Sorrow who despite her calm expression could feel her heart thumping, Bai Zemin extended his right hand backwards and pointed his index finger while saying something that she could not hear.

Everything happened too fast so Fire Sorrow couldn't see or understand what kind of magic had just been activated, however, time seemed to slow down in her eyes as she watched the dragon-shaped purple lightning suddenly seem to meet an invisible wall that stopped it in its tracks.

BBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM!!!!!

RUMBLE!!!

As the sky rumbled noisily and the ground more than 5000 meters below the impact site cracked, Fire Sorrow frowned slightly.

What was that just now? That wall was definitely not a barrier-type skill. It wasn't wind either.

Fire Sorrow would hardly think that what Bai Zemin had just done was using Gravity Manipulation but in a different way than he was used to.

After evolving to Second Order, Bai Zemin's soul had become much stronger than before and thus some of the memories sealed by the Collector's Pocket Watch were slowly being released. 

Among the memories he had recovered so far was some experience in using Gravity Manipulation, and just like what happened with Blood Manipulation, Bai Zemin realized that he was using this powerful skill too crudely.

What he had done just now was to use Gravity Manipulation to the maximum, but instead of focusing the skill on one area, what Bai Zemin did was to focus all the power of the skill on a small spot resulting in a greater power of attraction and resistance on the affected part and causing the dragon-shaped lightning to crumble on its own.

"Ugh!"

Bai Zemin's body was hit from behind by the shockwave of the blasts and just like Little Snow was sent flying. 

This was inevitable, since unlike Magic Break which destroyed magic what Bai Zemin had done was simply stop the advance of the attack but not really nullify it.

Little Snow quickly shook her head as she fell from the sky and at the same time she let out a high howl she dashed towards Bai Zemin who was falling helplessly.

An instant later, he felt the soft fur beneath him and couldn't help but chuckle as he adjusted his posture, "Good girl."

Bai Zemin looked at the last tornado of mana and his expression turned serious.

This one was the farthest away from the base, but that didn't make it any less dangerous than the other two. 

In fact, this last one was the most terrifying as its size was twice as large compared to the two tornadoes of mana that Bai Zemin had just annulled.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Many thanks to all the readers who continue to support and donate their Golden Tickets to Blood Warlock to this day, +1000 chapters since its launch.