Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

For some reason, Bai Zemin felt something strange as he stared at the last of the three mana tornadoes.

Even Little Snow seemed a bit agitated. Her soft snow-white fur was slightly standing upright and she growled menacingly with her eyes fixed on the large blackish-purple monster.

Bai Zemin didn't realize how long he had been staring at the mana tornado but it was clearly more than a few seconds as he suddenly sensed two familiar auras approaching.

Looking back, Bai Zemin's eyes flashed slightly and due to the fierce noise caused by the war and the tornado's rotation he had no choice but to shout, "Why are you two here? What about the enemies?"

"They have fallen to a manageable number!"

Along with a loud and powerful yet charming voice, two white dots rushed over and in a matter of seconds, Shangguan Xinyue and Shangguan Bing Xue stopped next to Bai Zemin.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Little Snow with sparkling eyes and commented in amazement, "Little Snow, you are now able to fly?"

"Awoo!" 

"You can't seem to be able to talk?" Shangguan Xinyue pointed out perplexed. "Xiao Xiao was able to talk and become human as soon as she became a Third Order."

"I don't understand much either but now is not the time for that." Bai Zemin looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and asked, "What do you mean the enemies have fallen to a manageable number?"

"A large drop in enemy troop arrivals could be noticed for a while now." She explained calmly. "Each of our attacks is capable of wiping out thousands at a time so after a few minutes the lack of enemy reinforcements became evident. Thanks to Yijun and her class which allows her to calm other people's hearts and minds, things at the base have become much more manageable so there are many soul evolvers and soldiers arriving at the walls even while we are talking."

Bai Zemin finally understood what was going on, and as he looked to the ground and back he could see that effectively, the number of enemies heading towards his base had largely decreased.

"Little King, did you do something? The number of enemies reaching all the gates simply began to plummet too fast." Shangguan Xinyue asked in confusion.

"About that..." 

Bai Zemin explained that when he arrived at the north gate of the base he saw that enemies seemed to be arriving from three directions, coincidentally the number of mana tornadoes that could be seen from practically anywhere several hundred kilometers due to their colossal size.

"I see. So that tornado is the only culprit left." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded with a cold expression as she looked off into the distance.

After a moment of silence, Bai Zemin reached forward and while directly investing 6000 Mana points to create the most powerful arrow he had created and would probably create in a long time expressed his concerns to the two women.

"There's something fishy about that mana tornado. Leaving aside its size, the number of enemies born from the remnant mana it expels while spinning is simply too small compared to the other two."

"Indeed." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded with a slight frown, "Now that you mention it, that thing seems to be carrying the mana elsewhere."

Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Oh?" Bai Zemin looked at her in surprise and quickly asked, "Bing Xue, can you sense where the particular mana is going? If you can point out the location it would be of great help to me."

The fact that Shangguan Bing Xue was more adept than Bai Zemin at sensing and controlling the energy called mana was no secret to him. Since day 1 from the day after the world change, even Lilith was surprised by her high ability to control and sense mana.

If she could point out the area where the mana was being sucked to then Bai Zemin would give his best shot to hit that area with the blood arrow he had invested 6000 Mana points into, and once the arrow came into contact with the foreign mana, the passive effect Mana Negation would automatically trigger.

"I will do my best." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and quickly started to work.

As Bai Zemin pointed towards the mana tornado that was moving at terrifying speeds with no specific direction trying to follow Shangguan Bing Xue's instructions, Fire Sorrow watched silently as everything unfolded from a distance.

Her eyes were mostly locked on the human male, but her glance also occasionally shifted to the two females that had just recently arrived on the battlefield.

The first thing from what she naturally noticed was the power level of both of them, Second and Third Order. 

In Fire Sorrow's eyes, this kind of might was nothing. But considering that these two women seemed to have obtained the trust and respect of the young man who, despite being only a Second Order soul evolver, could crush two mana tornadoes and even devastate attacks capable of causing damage to Fourth Order existences, she didn't considered them to be normal at all.

Indeed, a second glance later she realized that neither of the two females were normal.

'Beautiful women. Very beautiful. Especially the curvy girl, her Charm is even higher than many Fourth Order females in the early levels.' Fire Sorrow frowned slightly and felt more and more perplexed.

What was going on here? She had met three humans since she had entered Earth but all three turned out to be anomalies.

With a pair of eyes as sharp as Fire Sorrow's it was impossible to miss the fact that the three existences before her had the capacity to reach the limit of a Lower Existence.

'Probably in a few hundred more years they will be able to ascend. They'll be a good addition to the Demonic Army.' She thought before narrowing her eyes with them locked on Bai Zemin's back: 'But, if that young human is who I think he is then I doubt he would agree to be under someone.'

For now, Fire Sorrow decided to wait and see. 

Although she wanted nothing more than to rush forward and get a closer look at the young man to soothe the anxieties in her heart at least a little bit, Fire Sorrow was no longer a young girl who couldn't wait a little longer to get what she wanted.

Besides... 'I want to see how they overcome the difficulty that is about to come.' Fire Sorrow frowned slightly a little worriedly as she thought about this.

...

"Got it." Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and nodded, "It's okay, Bing Xue. Now I can get a hint of it too."

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and motioned to her mother.

Shangguan Xinyue waved her left hand and the fierce gusts of wind that made her white dress flap loudly pushed her and her daughter 500 meters before she commanded a halt again.

Bai Zemin took a deep breath and held it as he narrowed his eyes. 

An instant later, a lightning flash glinted in Bai Zemin's eyes as he released the arrow from his grip with his lungs filled with air.

BOOM!!!!

Little Snow's body slid backwards with her four paws firmly stuck in the sky but Bai Zemin's shooting stance remained steady as he stared straight ahead.

Hundreds of purple lightning swung like whips from the huge spinning mana monster towards the blood arrow as if they could sense the danger the object signified. 

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!....

Purple lightning blasted out as it smashed into the thick wind barrier surrounding the blood arrow; blood arrow which at this point was not unlike a drill spinning at simply insane speeds, piercing the wind and pushing it sideways to form a natural defense barrier.

When Bai Zemin saw the blood arrow successfully piercing through the mana wall of the terrifying tornado he could not help but clench his free fist as a gesture of victory.

However, his small gesture of victory soon broke as well as the indifference on his face.

"Crap, there's a living monster that was just completing its formation in there!"

"What?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked towards the mana tornado and just then, something that neither she, her mother, nor Bai Zemin expected happened.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

There was a terrifying explosion that caught the trio completely off guard; especially Bai Zemin who expected the mana from the tornado to be slowly negated by the blood arrow in which he had invested nearly 90% of his total Mana.

However, the strangest thing of all was that as if time itself was going backwards, the shockwave never spread out but after opening up about 700 meters went backwards.

"W-What's this all about?" Shangguan Xinyue opened her eyes wide as she watched how the mana tornado seemed to be compacting very quickly.

It was as if a black hole was eating it!

"Bing Xue, Shangguan Xinyue, help me contain that damn monster for a moment!"

"What?! What monster?!" Shangguan Xinyue looked for Bai Zemin but when she raised her head she only caught a white flash rising even higher in the sky until it soon disappeared.

"Mother, over there!" Shangguan Bing Xue pointed down with surprise shining in her beautiful blue eyes, "Fourth Order!"

"Fourth Order? Don't say..." Shangguan Xinyue looked down and muttered in perplexity, "... nonsense."

Rising over 400 meters high, a creature much like a tyrannosaurus rex with strange but sturdy dark green armor like skin raised its head and roared towards the two women.

ROAR!!!

Shangguan Xinyue subconsciously took a step back in the sky: "W-Why- How is it possible for a Fourth Order monster to spawn just like that?!"

Shangguan Bing Xue was also very confused and her heart felt extremely heavy as she looked at the red eyes of the mutant tyrannosaurus rex: "... If not for us having the strength to stop this catastrophe, countless would die just because of this."

Shangguan Bing Xue could not understand, just like her mother, how such a terrifying monster could be born so easily.

Fourth Order was practically the pinnacle a mortal could reach, they were all high and distinguished; heroes, legends, unmatched. A single Fourth Order soul evolver could mark a new beginning and a new after in the history of a world.

"... If not for our Little King I fear that the Changping District base would not be able to stand beyond today." Shangguan Xinyue said with a serious voice and cold eyes, "This is simply ridiculous."

The tyrannosaurus rex did not understand about right or wrong. The beast was furious for some reason, and once it set its eyes on its prey it would never let it go.

The beast opened its giant mouth wide, and soon the inside began to light up as the surrounding mana glowed and crackled like countless lightning flashes that quickly gathered into a ball in the center of the monster's mouth.

"Uh?" Shangguan Bing Xue was surprised when she noticed something and quickly pointed out, "That monster suddenly became weaker."

Shangguan Xinyue's eyes flashed weirdly and the corner of her lips curved slightly upwards, "I see... It seems like our Little King intervened something important and that's why our little dinosaur is so upset."

"Well, be that as it may..." Shangguan Xinyue extended her palm towards the sky and as countless purple lightning flashes crackled around her she said with a sadistic smile, "This little reptile may be in the Fourth Order but somehow I don't feel anywhere near the pressure I felt against that alligator we fought before!"

BOOM!!!

A deep explosion sounded in the sky and a huge black hole opened up out of nowhere.

Shangguan Xinyue's face had turned very pale, but her usually amused and playful expression was quite cruel as her voice thundered out amidst the loud gales.

"Dark Lightning!"

BOOM!!!!!!!!

At the same time as night-black lightning with slightly white edges rained down from the sky, the tyrannosaurus rex had finally finished charging its attack and with a loud roar launched a kind of bright yellow energy beam to meet Shangguan Xinyue's Dark Lightning.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

RUMBLE!!!!!

...

Fire Sorrow's hair fluttered wildly and her magic robe clung to her body as fierce winds rushed past her. Her expression was indifferent as she watched the ground over 6 kilometers around break into pieces at the same time as the sky wailed as if it were about to collapse.

The two magical attacks had met at a midpoint as one ascended and the other descended, and apparently, both were equally powerful as after exploding they both caused destruction in the surrounding area while canceling each other out.

She couldn't help but nod as she looked at Shangguan Xinyue in praise, "Level 171 human capable of taking a charged attack from a mutant beast at level 201. She might be on the same level as Crow in terms of talent and innate ability."

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Many thanks to all the readers who continue to support and donate their Golden Tickets to Blood Warlock to this day, +1000 chapters since its launch.