Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The survivors willing to work began to move immediately because just as Chen He had said; the sooner they finished the task, the sooner they could leave the university grounds and really get into the outside world.

Whether it was more dangerous or not, no one knew. But they did know that no one wanted to be in this gloomy place anymore.

Under the care of Fu Xuefeng and the rest, the survivors separated into groups of different sizes and began working together to remove the flesh of the evolved beasts that did not have an overwhelmingly high defense like the Jiao-Lao Snakes.

When they wanted to remove the Jiao-Lao Snake's scales they realized that it was simply impossible so they had no choice but to set them aside to be dealt with when they had the necessary tools.

Apart from the four evolved snakes, they gradually began to take care of the bodies that were in relatively better condition; as for the body of the First Order Blazing Beetle, Bai Zemin had repeatedly warned them that they should not touch it as the flesh had been affected by the corrosive skill of one of the snakes.

All those who aimed or studied at Beijing University generally desired important and well-paid positions in society so at first, it had been difficult to adapt to the large amount of blood and gruesome sight of such beasts similar to legendary prehistoric creatures.

However, as the days passed after caring for the first Blazing Beetle, each of them had become used to getting blood on their hands and the smell of iron was no longer as unbearable as in the past. This caused the work speed to increase by another small notch, proving that humans were also creatures adaptable to change.

When the world made a 180-degree turn, the races living in that world needed to turn 180 degrees and adapt as quickly as possible in order to continue to exist as in the past. Otherwise, what awaited that race at the end of the road was only the cruel annihilation.

* * *

While the survivors were doing their part in order not only to get out of this place faster but also to receive better treatment and not be seen as useless burdens, Bai Zemin had isolated himself in a room of a building close to the place but far enough away not to be disturbed by the noise of the workers.

Sitting on a small couch away from the window, away from the door, and with his back pointed to the wall to prevent being caught off guard, Bai Zemin smiled and rubbed his hands together as he said excitedly, "Finally free time."

"Hurry up and let's see those messages from earlier!" Lilith sat down beside him and stretched out her pristine hand indicating for him to take it.

Even she wanted to see the records acquired and evolved by him!

"Hehe." Bai Zemin chuckled and took her hand gently, letting it rest on his leg.

He could still remember the first time they had physical contact; it had been practically suffocating for him. But now, something as small as holding hands didn't affect him greatly even though she was a succubus.

Soon, all the records from before began to flash in his retina. Bai Zemin ignored and let pass those he was already aware of and simply focused and paid attention to those he had not yet observed.

[Crimson Blood Judgment (Third Order Skill) Level 5: Obliterates everything in its path without distinguishing ally or enemy. The power of Crimson Blood Judgment depends on the power of the flame used and the power of Blood Manipulation. Requirement 1- You need a Second Order flame to activate or a First Order flame boosted with First Order wind in conjunction with the exclusive Blood Manipulation skill. Requirement 2- Blood Spear made up of more than 220 Mana points and at least have control over 200 Magic points].

"That's an exclusive skill, which is great!" Lilith pointed out cheerfully before her mood returned to normal. She sighed and said a little regretfully, "It's a pity that you're currently merely First Order and don't own a particularly strong flame or else this skill of yours called Crimson Blood Judgment would become the bane of your enemies."

Bai Zemin nodded, but his mood was high.

While it was true that it was impossible to use Crimson Blood Judgment in direct combat due to its destructive peculiarity and difficulty to control, it was an ultimate trump card that he could take advantage of if he used it correctly.

The records engraved on his soul continued to flash in his retina and he, by simply joining hands, allowed Lilith to see everything without hiding anything of the past few hours from her.

[Title- 'One Hit to Kill': When using spears, harpoons, tridents, or any throwing object, your chance to cause a Critical Hit to the enemy increases by 10%].

"Kek. Another 10% Critical Hit." Bai Zemin grimaced strangely and his eyes had an evil glint in them as he said, "At this rate, I won't reach 100% and be able to inflict fatal hits left and right?"

Lilith rolled her eyes and said in a coquettish tone, " Kid, do you think it's that easy to reach 100% in a tracking statistic? Very few have achieved it so far."

"Kid?" Bai Zemin couldn't help but look at her and pointed out, "What part of me looks like a kid to you?"

Soon, however, he regretted it as he realized that he might have fallen into one of Lilith's traps again.

Indeed, she looked at him and smiled like a charming little fox as she said in a whisper, "I don't know... How about letting me check your body carefully? I promise I'll be nice to you~"

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed and he said defiantly, "You can act flirtatious and all, but at the end of the day you are a virgin succubus! You just wait! When my power is great enough, I will definitely spank you into an obedient girl!"

"Hoho?" Lilith smiled brightly and her ruby eyes shone slightly, "I see our little Zemin is growing courage~ So you want to turn me into your personal good girl? Kya~ Little Zemin, you sure know how to drive this big sister crazy!"

Cough! L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Bai Zemin coughed to clear his throat at the sight of her eyes and quickly looked away. She hadn't used any skills but her innate charm alone was terrifying.

He was sure she was holding back and restraining herself, lowering her natural charming aura to the level of a mortal. Otherwise, it was likely that he would have become a puppet by now.

The more time he spent at her side interacting with her, the more Bai Zemin realized how terrifyingly powerful and beautiful Lilith was.

Sometimes, he couldn't help but wonder why she didn't make him her puppet anyway? If it was her natural charm, with no mana, no magic, and without using a skill, the Soul Record shouldn't punish her for doing something like winning the heart of a human man.

So why was she going to all this trouble?

It was a question that would remain unanswered for a long time.