Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Eat my records?"Â 

The wings behind Bai Zemin opened wide and with a single thought from him, they abruptly closed before immediately opening and repeating the same process.Findd new ð’”tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

His body shot forward at explosive speed and in an instant he was making use of every point of Agility and Strength to move faster than he would be able to on solid ground.

"Let me see what kind of power you have to eat my records then!" Bai Zemin pointed forward and from his fingertip shot out a tiny ball of deep blue fire.

The giant Leviathan opened his mouth wide and his eyes glowed. An instant later, an extremely thick beam of bright sky-blue energy rumbled and split space in two.

From a distance, the energy beam fired by the Leviathan appeared to be something out of a fantasy movie due to its size, and it could even be seen from a distance of over 50 kilometers.Â 

The most surprising thing was that this giant energy beam suddenly seemed to meet an invisible wall in the middle of its path, because when it was 50% away from closing the distance and hitting Bai Zemin it just exploded.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Bright flashes of lightning and blue flames flew everywhere while the raging sea shook as if a magnitude 10 earthquake was shaking the entire world.

The waves resulting from the clash between the two magical attacks were so terrifying that they even hit the shore, affecting the other battlefields.Â 

Many sea creatures and zombies were crushed to death after being hit by the fierce tsunamis, but the humans were lucky to have Shangguan Bing Xue's ice wall protecting their lives.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin broke through the cloud of chaos caused by the collision of the two attacks and his body flashed as he charged straight towards the giant monster.

The closer he got, the more he realized how massive the size of this monster was. Even more terrifying, however, was the fact that even after moving more than 20 kilometers deep into the ocean he still did not reach the physical body of the beast!

The size difference was simply immense!

"Overlap Regeneration."

At the same time as Bai Zemin muttered to himself, the Leviathan seemed to let out a snort.

The beast opened his mouth wide, and in less than a second, a new beam of energy even more powerful than the previous one rumbled as it flew towards Bai Zemin with frightening accuracy.

Bai Zemin responded by striking over 500 times in less than a second, activating Void Fist in the direction of the enemy's magical attack.

The two attacks met halfway again, and an explosion even louder than the previous one caused the waters to once again churn wildly.

Rumble...!!!

The Leviathan seemed intent on attacking again, but his eyes widened in amazement as he saw right before him appear the young human who had previously been more than 5 kilometers distant.

Replacing Agility with Strength this time, Bai Zemin activated Gravity Manipulation x60 while fiercely punching downward, "Clench your teeth!!"

BBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMM!!!!!

BOOM!!!!!!!

Like a meteorite falling from the atmosphere and under the disbelieving eyes of the human troops watching from the shore, the giant body of the Leviathan seemed to have been hit by a small golden bullet, and in an instant, his more than 5000-meter figure was pushed straight down into the ocean.

RUMBLE!!!!!!

Looking at the wave whose size was impossible to measure with the naked eye creating a giant shadow that seemed to cover the world as it moved towards the shore, Shangguan Bing Xue's face turned slightly pale.

She extended both hands forward and urgently activated the full power of her Ice Maker skill.

"Freeze!!!"

Shangguan Bing Xue could feel her Mana rapidly diminishing but she didn't care. Her beautiful blue eyes were fixed on the large wave at least 6000 meters high that was slowly starting to slow down as it froze from the middle to the sides, up, and down.

If that thing hit the shore with the force of momentum it carried the result would be the disappearance of 1/4 of Shanghai City and at least 90% of those present would have their bodies completely flattened!

ROAR!!!!

"YOU IGNORANT BRAT, YOU HAVE SUCCESSFULLY PISSED ME OFF!"

Inside the only standing building, Sun Ling felt her world revolve and for an instant, her vision went blank.

The colossal beast's furious roar had been enough to leave Wu Yijun's mother and Luo Ning, both Third Order soul evolvers, stunned.

If the people inside the building were affected then those outside naturally suffered even more.

The sea creatures collapsed, the Wen sisters directly fainted, and Liang Jiang lost his grip on his dagger as he staggered forward.

Among the humans, only Shangguan Bing Xue and Feng Hong who had enough magic power to withstand the spiritual shock stood their ground.

In the building, Bai Shilin looked at Luo Ning worriedly, but the girl was smart and stared with her big black eyes fixedly at the little girl who looked more and more frightened as she looked into deep water with wide eyes.

"Ah... Ah..." The 7-year-old girl's mouth opened and closed as if she wanted to say something but seemed to be having trouble doing so.

In the distance, several miles away from the shoreline.

BOOM!!!!

The giant figure of the Leviathan emerged again, but this time with great fury.

The beast did not stop but with surprisingly high Agility charged straight towards Bai Zemin who happened to be in the way.

"Bring it on!" Bai Zemin snorted and instead of retreating he gave a loud flap with his head pointing downwards, and a moment before colliding with the rising beast he activated Gravity Manipulation x60 at the same time his left fist was covered by Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of a dragon claw.

"Die!"

It only took a blink of an eye for the two to clash.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!....

The massive body of the Leviathan that had risen all the way back from the depths like a colossal dragon suddenly stopped in mid-elevation, and from a distance, the only thing that could be seen as an obstacle was a small golden glow whose size was even smaller than the beast's smallest scale.

Roar!!!!!...

The scales on the top of the Leviathan's head broke into pieces and sank inward. Fragments of red bloody flesh splattered everywhere, covering Bai Zemin's body and turning part of the water bright scarlet.

At the same time as the creature involuntarily roared in pain and his body swayed, the ring-shaped shock wave spread outward and reached the shore at record speed.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Zombies and sea beasts alike exploded into pieces and their bodies soon turned into bloody mist after being hit by the shock wave and even those who had already surpassed level 25 suffered horrible deaths!

Seeing the shock wave completely visible to the naked eye approaching, Sun Ling's face turned terribly pale and without hesitation, she grabbed Luo Ning, and as she ran towards the window she urgently shouted, "Little Shilin, grab the little girl and leave the building!"

Bai Shilin could sense the urgency in Sun Ling's voice and knew that she was a person close to her family so she quickly did as she was asked.Â 

She ignored the girl's screams and with a loud stomp, she smashed straight through the wall, crossing hundreds of meters in an instant thanks to her monstrous physical strength.

Not even a second later, the building was hit by the shockwave and even though it had already been greatly weakened after traveling so many kilometers from the point of impact to the shore it was still enough to smash half of the building with complete ease.

Boom!!!!

In the sky, Shangguan Bing Xue's face was pale as a sheet. She had just consumed 95% of her remaining Mana to save everyone's lives... because if not for her the warhead missiles on the American carrier would have all exploded together after being hit by the shockwave!

She stood on Little Snow's back and unsheathed Perfect Storm while shouting into the communicator in her left hand: "Surname Bai, are you insane?! You have to get that monster away from here or we'll all end up dead!"

More than 20 kilometers deep in the ocean, Bai Zemin's face was pale as a sheet as well while looking towards the shore with lingering fear.

Just now... He did not expect something like this at all. Even he would have died like a miserable dog if several nuclear missiles exploded all together!

"S- Sorry!" He hurriedly apologized and gritted his teeth as he glared at the giant Leviathan writhing all over the place.

The sea was a mess, to say the least.

"Goddammit, you turned out to be just a pure big mouth in the end!" Bai Zemin cursed before diving down in search of his enemy.

The Leviathan was in great pain but the fury in his heart was as great as his physical body, and upon seeing his hated enemy charge towards him he immediately opened his mouth wide.

"DIE!!!"

Dozens of bright sky-blue energy beams not at all weaker than the previous two flew from inside the monster's wide-open mouth, taking Bai Zemin by surprise.

"Scram!" Bai Zemin extended his right hand at the same time as he activated Gravity Manipulation in reverse to its full power.

Although this did greatly weaken the power of the lightning-covered beams, it was not enough to stop them completely, and soon Bai Zemin was hit by several of them.

His body was sent flying backwards more than two kilometers, and when he finally managed to stabilize himself with a fierce flapping he was not surprised to find that his chest plate had turned into a pile of waste.

What surprised Bai Zemin was that even though he had some burns on his skin, it was still far from the damage he expected to receive; VERY far.

'... It seems that my race evolution is not as simple as I thought.'Â 

Feeling extremely proud and happy in his heart, Annihilation of the Falling Sky turned into a spear and Bai Zemin dashed forward at full speed.

"What-!"

Roared!!!!!

The Leviathan's words were stuck in his throat and he had no time to voice his disbelief at the fact that a small human could take his magical attack with only mild burns because just as the first word left his mouth a sharp pain from his right eye made him roar to the sky in agony.

Blue flames blazed around Bai Zemin's body and kept away all matter that would have covered him after he turned the beast's right eye into mashed potatoes upon piercing it with his spear, and just as the creature roared he drew Annihilation of the Falling Sky from the empty cavity and with a 360-degree spin struck the Leviathan with the back of the spear.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!....

The ferocious blow forced the creature back as his body bent backwards, but Bai Zemin did not stop and continued to attack with increasing ferocity.

The Leviathan naturally did not allow himself to be hit silently, but even though his body was very heavy and Bai Zemin could only force him backwards little by little it was more than clear who had the upper hand between the two of them.

From the shore, Sun Ling stared wide-eyed at the scene of an apocalyptic-sized monster, the most terrifying beast she had ever seen in her entire life, being beaten deeper and deeper into the ocean waters by a tiny golden dot practically impossible to see from a distance.

"This has got to be a joke..." She muttered in shock.

BOOM!!!!...

BOOOOOMMM!!!!....

RUMBLE!!!!!!....

...

Laser beams flew everywhere shattering the skies; dozens of them pierced the clouds per second.

However, the mighty and seemingly invincible Leviathan with his imposing size and terrifying physical defense continued to be pressed deeper and deeper into the ocean until 20 minutes later he finally disappeared from everyone's line of sight despite being a creature over 5000 meters tall.

Bai Shilin seemed to have forgotten about the little girl as she waved her fists in the air while hopping and clapping her hands happily.

As for the little girl, she continued to stare wide-eyed at everything around her, especially the beams of bright azure light along with the golden flashes flickering in the distance along with the constant rumbling of the atmosphere provoked by constant explosions.

Although there were still giant waves rising beyond the horizon, by the time these waves reached the shore they had already weakened too much and therefore they were no longer a problem for the soul evolvers there.

As for Bai Zemin and his battle against the Leviathan...

BBBBOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMM!!!!!....

The beast's neck hit the turbulent waters heavily after being kicked directly in the jaw. Blood and flesh splashed everywhere, and one of the giant teeth flew out hundreds of feet before falling with a loud bang into the ocean.

Bai Zemin flapped his wings and backed off a bit to look at his enemy intently for the first time since he started beating him practically senseless, and the first thing he noticed was something that made him frown.

"...How much Health does this monster have?"Â 

Bai Zemin was sure that he had attacked at least 1.000.000 times during the past 40 minutes, but the Leviathan still looked considerably strong despite the fact that practically every scale on his body was either broken and bloodstained or with pieces of broken flesh stuck on his own spikes.

Seeing that the creature was still struggling to stand upright again, Bai Zemin snorted grumpily and waved his left hand outward, "You damn monster, I'm tired of playing with you."

SWOOSH!!! SWOOSH!!!!Â 

SWOOSH!!! SWOOSH!!!Â 

SWOOSH!! SWOOSH!!!

...

Roar!!!

The Leviathan roared in fury and pain as hundreds of huge blood chains coiled around his body. His own blood solidified into chains that not only restricted his movements but also began to drain his Mana, curtail his magical power, and as if that wasn't enough to cause him great pain as they were filled with thick, long thorns!

"Just a little human! You're just a little human! Why?! Why is your physical body so strong?! Why can you break my Empyrean Scales?! Who the hell are you?!"Â 

The Leviathan twisted and actually managed to crack the blood chains with his terrifying physical strength, but the chains used his own Mana to strengthen and self-repair so the addition of Bai Zemin's Mana and magical power made the beast experience his worst nightmare as he could not get his freedom back.

Bai Zemin's eyes were cold as he stared at the beast, wondering what to do next.

"I see!!! You must be one of them!!! You must be one of those ants that oppose His Majesty's power aren't you!!! Hahahaha!!!"

Bai Zemin had no idea what the Leviathan was saying, but he naturally deduced that he was probably referring to one of the five monsters of antiquity that he had to kill.

"It's no use, no use at all!!! His Majesty's power is absolute and there are still two above me who are more powerful!" The Leviathan seemed to know what his fate would be but he did not look sad or fearful. "Kill me, kill me and absorb my records! That way I will become part of you and I will see you die and then be absorbed by His Majesty!"

"...You seem to be quite loyal." Bai Zemin shook his head as he realized that he wouldn't be able to get any information at all out of there. "Then let's save time."

He had already made his decision, and although he would be sacrificing a lot of Soul Power the reality was that right now he mainly needed to strengthen his faction.

'Or else everything I built with so much effort will collapse like sandcastles.'Â  And Bai Zemin could not afford such a thing.

Under the subjugated Leviathan's one wide-open eye, Bai Zemin flapped his wings and turned into a blur, reaching the beast's forehead in an instant.

"Let go of me and fight! Do you dare?!" The Leviathan writhed, and though his mouth was tightly sealed his voice still spread far and wide like a thunderclap on a hot summer's day.

Bai Zemin landed above the beast's mouth, at mid-eye level, and though the Leviathan was shaking hard he stood as firm as Mount Thai.

"Sorry, but I have other plans for your records."Â 

"W- What do you mean by that..." Leviathan suddenly stopped all his struggling as he felt a bad premonition.

"You'll see... You'll see." Bai Zemin muttered as he winced.

"You..." The beast's left eye opened wide when he saw half of the left arm and part of the left leg of the young human standing on his head turn into pools of blood, "You fought against me with your body uncomplete?!"

Bai Zemin did not reply but silently activated Drain Life, and at the same time as he and the beast were surrounded by a halo of pale green light, the two felt completely different things.

"What?! You're devouring my Health directly to heal yourself?!"

"Bingo." Bai Zemin whispered with his eyes closed before sighing.

He could feel how the strong vitality of the Leviathan in conjunction with Restoration and Overlap Regeneration increasing his Health stat by another 7700 points worked wonders on his body.

The minor magical wounds and burns he had suffered earlier were healed within seconds, and two minutes later Bai Zemin opened his eyes again with an excited smile.

"This is really amazing." He clenched and closed his left fist before looking at his fully regenerated left leg, "I thought it would take me at least two or three more months in the Collector's Pocket World... but to think that I would come across a treasure like you!"

"You bastard...!"

Despite being much weaker and no longer having the same strength as before to struggle with such intensity, the Leviathan was surprisingly still well enough to curse.

"Don't worry..." Bai Zemin extended his right hand outward and a flash of blood-red light covered his entire arm up to his shoulder, "I have something much bigger planned for someone like you."

"... What are you doi-! Stop!!!"

The Leviathan could definitely feel his deepest records tremble with fear as Bai Zemin activated Record Devastation, and heeding that terror born from deep within his soul the beast tried to break free using strength he didn't know he had left.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin was in peak condition and all the wounds he had suffered earlier recovered 100% after using Drain Life.Â 

"You couldn't present a real challenge before, do you really think you can do it now?" Bai Zemin scoffed and with a lightning-fast movement pierced through the monster's forehead easily.

There was no blood, no bang, no break, and no wound... Bai Zemin's arm enveloped by the blood-colored light simply pierced the Leviathan's body and sank like a stone causing ripples and disappearing into the bottom of the sea.

No matter how hard the Leviathan struggled, all his efforts were futile and it wasn't long before the strength used to try to free himself began to plummet.

High in the sky, invisible to all living things on Earth, two beautiful females with raven wings on their backs watched with wide eyes in shock at what was happening more than 100 kilometers away from the ocean shore.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

A/N: ... I think this is the longest chapter I've ever written, it's equivalent to 2 chapters >.<

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3