Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After their battle to the death in which Lilith decided to leave Fire Sorrow alive and the latter came to realize that she might be wrong, both women headed straight to Earth and easily reached China once they passed through the atmosphere covered by a thick layer of mana.

It wasn't too difficult for them to find Bai Zemin, but Lilith couldn't believe what she was sensing.

"What's wrong? It seems as if you are feeling the aura of an unknown person and not the one you claim to love." That was what Fire Sorrow said at that moment when she noticed the surprise in Lilith's eyes, but Lilith didn't say anything in return.

She just sped up to get to the scene as fast as possible.

And in the end, it turned out that the surprise Lilith received was a lot bigger than she expected.

​ "Second Order... That little scoundrel actually managed to evolve while I was away." She watched in amazement as Bai Zemin restrained the massive creature with his attacks, forcing it to retreat deeper and deeper into the ocean.

"Oh? Does that mean he was a Lower Existence of the First Order until no more than a few months ago?" Fire Sorrow asked with her bright eyes fixed on the magnificent scene before her.

Lucifer and Medes at their peak while in the Second Order were definitely not capable of doing what Bai Zemin was doing against the Leviathan. This was not because they were both too weak, quite the contrary they were so frighteningly powerful that being at level 100 they could fight and even kill level 250 soul evolvers.

But level 299? Totally and absolutely impossible.

Especially not against a beast with such magical ability and physical body terrifying enough to survive the impact of several Annihilation level blasts.

"... I wonder how high that child's stats are." Fire Sorrow muttered in awe and growing interest.

Seeing Bai Zemin completely overpower a Fourth Order beast at the intermediate stage, an especially strong one at that, naturally made Lilith feel incredibly proud and happy just as a wife would for her husband's accomplishments. However, there was also a bit of regret and lament in her eyes.

It was true that she was the one who had spent the most amount of time together with Bai Zemin since the apocalypse began for him and all living beings on the planet, but Lilith knew in her heart that she had missed many important and crucial moments in his life; moments that he was able to share with other people like Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun.

Because no matter how much the two of them ignored the words 'Lower Existence - Higher Existence', the difference was there; levels, Order, race, power, types of freedoms, and a lot more.

Lilith wondered what kind of difficulties he had experienced to complete these last requirements... How difficult was his battle against that Fourth Order enemy? The simple fact of feeling that his two left limbs were actually fake prosthetics made of blood caused the existence known as Bloody Succubus who changed the course and fate of the war between the Demonic Army and the Golden Domain to feel extremely tearful.

After that, Fire Sorrow pointed out several things but Lilith was no longer listening to her. Her beautiful ruby-colored eyes were fixed on her beloved's every move as if there was nothing else but him in life capable of catching her attention.

The two females had arrived when the battle between Bai Zemin and the Leviathan had already begun, and therefore neither of them knew at the time that someone capable of controlling zombies, a 7-year-old human, was now among the ranks of the Transcendent faction.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Approximately 40 minutes later, returning to the present, the disbelief felt by Lilith and Fire Sorrow reached such high levels that they probably only got to feel a few times in their lives.

Seeing Bai Zemin using Drain Life to support his recovery and regeneration rate did not surprise Lilith that much since she was fully aware of the existence of such a skill; she had been by his side when he obtained it after all.

Fire Sorrow was surprised as even though Drain Life wasn't a skill as peculiar as the esis-Control-Maker-Manipulation type skills, it was still a very rare skill. But most of her surprise came from the fact that even if Drain Life was a good skill it still shouldn't be enough to help someone regenerate limbs!

This was because Fire Sorrow didn't know about the existence of Restoration and wasn't aware of how terrifying Bai Zemin's stats were or what the true effect of Overlap Regeneration was.

But what happened next was the real cherry on top to decorate the cake of amazement.

Level 299

Level 298

Level 297

...

Level 250

...

Level 201

...

Level 173

...

"That's...!" Fire Sorrow's pupils contracted fiercely and her face turned pale as a sheet.

Even Lilith subconsciously took half a step back as she watched the scene in front of her in utter shock.

"How could this be possible... How could this be possible... Why..?" Both Lilith and Fire Sorrow could feel the level of the massive beast in the ocean plummeting ever since Bai Zemin buried his left arm in its forehead.

"That child has already started to experience racial evolutions?! Impossible! He's just in the Second Order!" Fire Sorrow exclaimed and shook her head with her eyes always fixed on the scene unfolding in the distance.

Lilith was just as much in shock as Fire Sorrow, though perhaps a little better. 

"...I knew this would happen, but I thought it would be around the Third Order." Lilith suddenly began to laugh out loud, startling Fire Sorrow.

"Whatever my little scoundrel is evolved into, it seems that it won't be at all difficult for him to become a Higher Existence on his own!"

Fire Sorrow would have denied Lilith's words as she knew how difficult it was to take that step, but seeing what she was seeing... She simply couldn't do it.

"...That child's race seems to be heading towards the stripping of records? But how can this be possible..." Fire Sorrow observed the focused look on Bai Zemin's face and her eyes glittered slightly, "What he is doing is literally the opposite of the Soul Record!"

The Soul Record created and bestowed initial records, pushing evolution... But Bai Zemin was devastating the existing records, and soon they would both realize that he was also able to bestow them to someone different!

"And this is just him in the Second Order, Fire Sorrow." Lilith smiled beautifully and pointed with a chest puffed out in pride, "Wait for the Third and Fourth Order... I wonder if anyone will be able to stop him by then."

Fire Sorrow looked at Lilith in shock before moving her eyes back to Bai Zemin, and for the first time since the establishment of the Demonic Army her practically blind faith in the one who led them wavered.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3