Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him extremely confused. She had no idea why on earth or for what reason Bai Zemin would bring Feng Tian Wu's name out of nowhere, but she assumed that he was talking to Lilith and the annoying woman for some reason did not want to show herself in front of her.

Fire Sorrow was also confused at the mention of an unfamiliar name, "Feng Tian Wu? Who is that?"

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up and instead of answering immediately he turned to look at Shangguan Bing Xue, "Bing Xue, I'm sorry but something came up. Can you take care of business here?"

"Uh? Y-yes, of course..." Shangguan Bing Xue was a bit overwhelmed by the sudden change of things but still nodded immediately and with ease.

Besides, as much as the idea didn't please her too much it was true that Bai Zemin had the right to spend some time alone with the one he loved after not seeing her for about half a year... and in any case, Shangguan Bing Xue knew deep in her heart that she had neither the right nor the qualifications to object.

At the end of the day, she was his best friend.

A few minutes later, Shangguan Bing Xue watched as Bai Zemin rode on Little Snow's back and dashed away until he soon disappeared beyond the skyline into the distance.

To her, the word friendship was very precious and that was precisely why she had few whom she truly considered heartfelt friends.

Shangguan Bing Xue had thought that being friends with Bai Zemin was already awesome considering that they both started their relationship on the wrong foot and both had poor opinions of the other. Besides, as far as she was concerned, friendship was even more important than her life on many occasions so the thought of being enough or not never crossed her mind.

Until now, that is.

For the first time, Shangguan Bing Xue felt that the word friendship and friends were not pleasant at all, and remembering the derisive look Lilith gave her months ago when she told her that she would simply be his good friend for life did nothing but add fuel to the flames.

Several minutes later, Shangguan Bing Xue slowly unclenched the fists she had inadvertently clenched before letting out a deep sigh.

"I was so easy to control myself in the past but ever since I started evolving I keep losing it when it comes to that person." She shook her head before her eyes turned ice cold.

Soon, the cold Bloody Queen they all knew returned and began to nimbly give order after order.

* * *

"Fire Sorrow, it's okay if you show yourself before Little Snow... Actually, she's known about Lilith for a long time anyway."Â 

In the sky and directly flying towards Inner Mongolia, Bai Zemin stroked the soft white fur of his mount as he said those words.

Fire Sorrow looked at the big white dog with a weird expression before revealing herself, and when Little Snow looked at her with her bright blue eyes for a moment before ignoring her Fire Sorrow's expression became even more interesting.

"...This dog of yours is quite mysterious."

"... Mysterious?"

Bai Zemin and Lilith were both confused.

What could be mysterious about a non-breed dog that was picked up from the streets anyway?

"...Leaving aside why she doesn't seem to care about Higher Existences, what's the deal with this absurdly high Agility?" Fire Sorrow was becoming more and more perplexed by every second that passed on Earth.Â 

Were they all irregular monsters or what?

"Oh, Little Snow is very fast." Bai Zemin nodded calmly and pointed out, "She was always pretty fast, even before she evolved. Probably her class has something to do with speed or wind? She can even walk and run through the sky with all freedom and even more agile than a bird."

"By the way, Zemin." Lilith interrupted, "Do you know why Little Snow is still not able to speak? I tried before but she just howled in response."

"No, I'm afraid I don't." Bai Zemin sighed as he shook his head, "Mutant beasts were supposed to be able to gain human form upon entering the Third Order but Little Snow simply can't do that even though she's clearly as intelligent as a normal adult person."

"Mmmm... Fire Sorrow, do you have any idea?"Â 

Lilith asked the most experienced person among them, but even Fire Sorrow was at a loss on this matter.

"It's the first time I've seen something like this." She shook her head.

After a few seconds of silence, Bai Zemin simply dismissed the matter and instead focused on what really mattered to him at the moment, "Putting aside the whole Little Snow thing for now... Fire Sorrow could you tell me if that fire-like energy you told me about earlier is coming from a human?"

"A human? Good joke..." Fire Sorrow looked at Bai Zemin with a smile but her smile slowly receded as she saw his serious expression. "...You're asking for real?"

Seeing him nod, Fire Sorrow couldn't help but chuckle as she shook her head. She focused her eyes straight ahead and while flapping her wings calmly said faintly, "I don't know why you're asking something like that, but it's not possible. It's not possible for the simple fact that a human can't withstand that kind of temperature, even you would end up being turned into ashes in a matter of 30 or 40 minutes so it's hard for me to imagine a human or any other Lower Existence regardless of race being the cause or source of this fire-like energy."

After a moment of silence, she continued, "Also, the power of this flame is strange. Somehow it feels like my flame but at the same time different... and it's not possible for a Lower Existence to have a flame this strong anyway."

After several seconds of silence and without receiving any kind of response, Fire Sorrow turned to look at Bai Zemin and Lilith. She was noticeably surprised to find that his expression was not particularly pleasant.

"What's wrong?"

"...It's nothing." Bai Zemin replied calmly.

Seeing that he refused to say anything and Fire Sorrow was frowning worriedly, Lilith couldn't help but sigh. She didn't want to leave the woman who had barely found a small trace of hope of reuniting with the one she had loved all her life for millions of years, so after a brief hesitation, she explained the situation to let the powerful Seventh Order mage to understand what her mistake was.

"Fire Sorrow, this little scoundrel here knows that the term Lower Existence is rarely used by us in a dismissive way, but he doesn't like those two words too much... So you might want to use it less around."

"I-is that right?" Fire Sorrow looked at Bai Zemin waiting for confirmation.

Findd new ð’”tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"...I do know that Lilith has no bad intentions when she refers to people like me using the words 'Lower Existence', and I believe that you also have no intentions of mocking or anything like that." Bai Zemin glanced sideways at her and saw Fire Sorrow hurriedly shaking her head so he continued, "But, can you really say that all of you Higher Existences are the same? I'm pretty sure most of you are as stupidly arrogant as blind horses, forgetting that you were once one of these Lower Existences you make so much fun of."

Fire Sorrow frowned slightly and muttered under her breath, "That's..."Â 

Thinking of Crow and Valiant, as well as many members of the Demonic Army, Fire Sorrow suddenly found herself unable to refute the words of the young man flying beside her.

Crow disdained everything below the Fifth Order, and although Valiant was not so extreme she had once said that she did not consider those in the Fourth Order and below to be true soul evolvers.

"You see?" Bai Zemin shook his head and said coldly, "You all are too full of yourselves and treat us like worthless trash... But it's okay, this daddy will make the proud Higher Existences learn why roses are red someday in the future to come."

"This daddy?" Fire Sorrow nearly choked and her attention immediately turned to something else completely different. "Don't tell me you also refer to yourself as 'this daddy'!"

"Em?" Bai Zemin frowned and said seemingly in disgust, "Who the hell dares to use my line? There can only be one daddy in this universe, and I am the Universal Big Daddy."

Fire Sorrow's eyes went wide and as she flew in a straight line she looked at him in shock.

"Hahahaha!" Lilith couldn't help but laugh to tears looking at Fire Sorrow's open mouth and incredulous expression. "Zemin, who uses the words 'this daddy' to refer to himself occasionally is none other than the Demon Lord, the Devil, Satan, Lucifer!"

"Lucifer?" Bai Zemin snorted and said in an authoritative voice, "Well, when you see him again just tell him not to do it again, or else we will have serious problems."

Fire Sorrow almost fell out of the sky and Lilith literally laughed until her eyes began to tear up.

After getting over the initial shock and disbelief, Fire Sorrow couldn't stop the corner of her lips from turning upward and her mouth quivered as she tried to contain the urge to laugh just like Lilith.

She now understood a little more the reason why one of the two women who were considered the most beautiful in the universe, the cold and proud Lilith had actually changed so much in the short span of a year.

'This little boy sure is interesting.' Fire Sorrow chuckled and shook her head to herself.

...

Approximately 17 hours later, Bai Zemin arrived at his faction's main base in Inner Mongolia and the first thing he did was let Kali and Bai Shilin leave the Collector's Pocket World; Kali especially needed to return to the outside world as she was staying too much in the pocket world by her own request, and although Bai Zemin agreed as that was the safest place for her it wasn't good for her mental health to be alone for so long.

After dropping the two girls off at the base, Bai Zemin mounted on Little Snow's back again and headed for an area located over 100 kilometers distant but before arriving he was forced to leave the big white dog behind despite the cute mount's reluctance.

When Bai Zemin arrived at the subway chamber he noticed that the thick ice walls that were built by Shangguan Bing Xue using more than 30.000 Mana points in total after several days of effort were almost completely melted.

Lilith looked at Feng Tian Wu naked on the ground and was greatly surprised when she found out that this girl who had caused Bai Zemin great trauma in the past actually no longer looked human.

"What the hell happened to her?"

Feng Tian Wu's skin at this point was so red that it looked as if someone had dumped several buckets of blood on her, and from the frown on her face, it was more than clear that she was experiencing an overwhelming deal of pain.

As Bai Zemin whispered in an increasingly panting voice to Lilith about the events that occurred not long after she left, Fire Sorrow approached Feng Tian Wu... and her expression did not stop becoming more and more incredulous with every step she moved ahead.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

A/N: We missed yesterday's goal by about 250 tickets >.< again (this time with 24 hours of time) if we get 1000 GT (11.4k) before reset I will upload 3 chapters the next day.

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3