Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

p

When Fire Sorrow got close enough to Feng Tian Wu to be able to see even the smallest of details on her body she stopped dead in her tracks. 

The shocked expression on her face grew more and more as it was hard for her to believe or accept what she was feeling, "This... What is this all about?"

Bai Zemin and Lilith heard Fire Sorrow's small whisper amidst the constant roar caused by the crimson flames that covered the entirety of the ice chamber, but when he wanted to open his mouth to ask what was going on he stopped immediately after realizing that he needed to focus on protecting himself with the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame if he didn't want to get damaged.

In fact, Bai Zemin had his time counted down here. Minutes at most before he had to leave, and for every minute that passed for Feng Tian Wu the time Bai Zemin would have the next time he returned would be less and less and less until finally neither he nor anyone else would be able to get close to her.

Such a thing would naturally mean the girl's death.

"Fire Sorrow, did you find out anything?" Lilith frowned slightly and asked the question her beloved wanted to ask but couldn't.

"Oh." Fire Sorrow let out a small sound before falling silent for a few seconds.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Lilith and Bai Zemin watched her slender shoulders rise before dropping heavily in what seemed to be a large silent sigh, but when Fire Sorrow turned to look at them there was no hint in her expression.

"It's normal that you can't feel it since your element of preference is literally the opposite of this girl's." Fire Sorrow stayed standing next to Feng Tian Wu as she quickly explained, "Actually, this girl's soul is being devoured by the flame that burns deep within her records."

"Flame?" Lilith looked at Bai Zemin in confusion as if asking if he knew anything about it.

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and with great difficulty managed to blurt out a few words, "She activated a Domain before she fell into this state."

He could immediately feel his body overheating so he quickly held his breath and closed his mouth.

"Mhm." Fire Sorrow nodded and without looking at the girl on the floor pointed out, "That Domain is probably the key to her being able to use that flame."

"Wait, wait a minute." Lilith held out a hand and shook her head, "What you mean is that this girl had that flame from the beginning but she can't use it for some reason?"

"That's how it is." Fire Sorrow shrugged her shoulders.

Bai Zemin's head was in total confusion as he listened to Fire Sorrow's words.

Sure, he knew that Feng Tian Wu and apparently her entire family had some affinity towards the fire-type element. But, to have a flame from the beginning inside her? A flame that was there even before the arrival of the Soul Record and powerful enough to be sealed by a powerful Domain which would consume her life if she activated it before she became powerful enough?

"...Is she the reincarnation of some powerful soul evolver from the past?" Lilith frowned slightly as she looked at the unconscious girl with a puzzled expression.

Lilith wasn't the only one who was thinking such a thing, Bai Zemin was the same about it.

In fact, it was the only plausible explanation.

Bai Zemin could be the reincarnation of Sirius since the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf tried to contact him many years before the Soul Record came to Earth.

And now there was this situation with Feng Tian Wu...

"Hard to say." Fire Sorrow shook her head. "But that might be the case. Lilith, even you and I are protecting ourselves against this flame in our own way. A few hours we might be fine standing here, but how about 1 or 2 whole days?"

Lilith frowned and said slowly, "We'd probably have to take real cover or get out."

"And that's being caused by a Low- by a Third Order soul evolver." Fire Sorrow forced a smile and said not knowing whether to laugh or cry, "Something really big is being orchestrated here on Earth, and apparently no one knows about it. There is no logical explanation at all for the existence of so many anomalies being born casually in the same era. Not even magic can do it at this point." 

Bai Zemin motioned for the two women to follow him and quickly headed for the exit of the ice room. After moving 1 or 2 kilometers away from the area, he finally let out the air he was holding back.

That flame was really unbearable, its power would seep out of his pores if Bai Zemin was not careful and it would cause him great internal damage.

""Are you okay?""

Lilith and Fire Sorrow looked at each other before they both shook their heads.

"I'm fine." Bai Zemin sighed, his breathing slowly returning to normal as did the color of his face. After a moment of silence, he looked at Lilith and asked softly, "Lilith, do you have any methods to help Feng Tian Wu?"

"Unfortunately." Lilith shook her head. "Fire is the farthest element from me just like well Fire Sorrow said before... Besides, giving you that kind of information is not possible for me, Zemin."

Bai Zemin was surprised to hear Lilith's last words, but soon he understood what was the problem.

"...Right." He nodded discouraged.

Higher Existences could not mix too much with the fate that would immediately or greatly affect the life of Lower Existences. 

If Bai Zemin did not find a way to solve Feng Tian Wu's problem in less than a month she would die and that would be her fate, but if Lilith shared information with him that would potentially save her life it would be no different than changing Feng Tian Wu's fate of death in a fairly direct way.

It was then that Bai Zemin remembered something.

He raised his head and looked at Fire Sorrow with eyes filled with hope, and when the powerful second-in-command of the Demonic Army saw his eyes she felt her heart mellow greatly.

"...Are you really sure you want to use the information I owe you in this way?" Fire Sorrow asked softly.

Even though she and Bai Zemin had not made a Soul Contract such a thing was not necessary. Fire Sorrow knew that the Soul Record was a sentient and intelligent being observing everything from somewhere, so there would definitely be no punishment to her if she shared information with him.

The deal was question and answer in exchange for question and answer. It was fair.

"Yeah, I'm sure." Bai Zemin nodded and said casually, "She is my subordinate and got into this precarious situation while fighting on a battlefield to which I mobilized her. Regardless of her motives, my duty as Leader is to respond to my subordinates when they move for me."

At the very least, that was the kind of Leader Bai Zemin aspired to be.

Fire Sorrow stared at Bai Zemin for a few seconds before smiling, "You and the past Sirius are very different."

"Uh?" Bai Zemin was startled by the sudden change in topic.

"In terms of personality, I mean." Fire Sorrow chuckled with her eyes closed. "Sirius wasn't a bad leader, but as his tag name competes he was more of a lone wolf. Sirius did not try his best to build a faction but destroyed everything that opposed him, and his friends did the administration for him. On the other hand, I can see you worked hard to build all this."

"Well..." Subconsciously, Bai Zemin couldn't help but look at Lilith, and although he didn't say anything this slight gesture was enough for Fire Sorrow to understand how things were.

"I see... So it was Lilith who got you out of the way of the lone wolf." Fire Sorrow looked at Lilith with complicated emotions, but in her eyes was a tinge of gratitude that was impossible to miss but that neither of them understood much.

Fire Sorrow turned her attention back to Bai Zemin and said this time in a serious voice, "So, last opportunity. Think very carefully how you will phrase your question."

"I'm sure." Bai Zemin nodded, but just as he opened his mouth to say something Fire Sorrow interrupted him.

"Wait a moment, I suddenly got hungry."

"...I beg your pardon?" He looked at her with wide eyes before looking at Lilith only to find his beloved just as surprised as he was.

Fire Sorrow opened her right palm and the storage ring on her ring finger glowed faintly. The next instant, a bright red fruit that looked dangerous for some reason appeared in her hand.

Then, something that left Bai Zemin even more speechless happened.

"Oops." Fire Sorrow seemed to lose control over the peach-like fruit, and she watched as the fruit rolled across the ground until it stopped a step away from Bai Zemin.

As he looked at the fruit he could see the ground catching fire and the earth sinking rapidly as if the temperature of the peach-like fruit was too high to bear for the Earth.

Bai Zemin looked at Fire Sorrow and as he saw her silently ask if he could hand her the fruit a glint of understanding shone in his eyes.

Using Annihilation of the Falling Sky in its gauntlet form, he bent down and picked up the fruit.

[Divine Daydream Pomegranate (Consumable fruit - Rank 6): Can store up to a total of 600.000.000.000 C degrees in fire-like energy. It grows in places whose temperature rises to over 10.000.000 and needs at least 2.000.000 years to be born. This fruit is fully ripe after burning for more than 4.6 million years. When consumed it allows the user to store virtually any type of fire to be released once at any time.]

Bai Zemin gasped and subconsciously threw the fruit at Fire Sorrow while taking half a step back.

My god! That thing had enough power to blow up the entire Earth at least a few billion times and if it wasn't because Annihilation of the Falling Sky was indestructible it would have turned into a pile of garbage not long after he grabbed the fruit with his hands!

Fire Sorrow caught the fruit easily and said calmly, "I remember it was about 4 million years ago when I picked this Divine Daydream Pomegranate from the sun orbiting the Earth..... Ah, suddenly I don't feel hungry anymore."

"Fire Sorrow, you..." Lilith looked at her in shock and couldn't help but say in horror, "Are you out of your mind?"

Fire Sorrow raised her head to look up at the sky, and after several seconds without feeling anything strange she sighed, "Looks like it's okay..."

If Bai Zemin didn't know what was going on then he would be an idiot.

"You..." 

But he didn't know what to say.

Fire Sorrow had risked a lot by doing what she had just done, she had literally taken more than half a step beyond the limits that her status as a Higher Existence imposed... and unlike Lilith who after being punished would only fall, the result for Fire Sorrow would be death as her true age definitely exceeded the limits of a Lower Existence.

"So, did you think about your question or did you change your mind?" Fire Sorrow asked with a smile while looking into his eyes, but Bai Zemin could notice the slight trembling of her body.

Bai Zemin's eyes shone with extremely complicated emotions, and after a long time, he said in a serious voice, "I don't know what happened between you and the Heavenly Wolf Sirius, I also don't know whether I was him or not... and I also don't know the kind of person you were in the past. But, there is one thing I can say about you."

"What's that?" Fire Sorrow asked with the same smile as before.

"You are a great person. Regardless of whether you help me because of the possibility of my soul being Sirius' or not, help is help. I will definitely pay you back in the future, I promise." Bai Zemin vowed and bowed slightly.

Without waiting to see Fire Sorrow's reaction, he turned and as he walked away Bai Zemin used the commander's ring to link up with the ship.

"This is Bai Zemin to Sky Destroyer. Operators, get ready to set off."

"Leader? This is Lin Shaoyan. We will have everything ready in 2 hours... If you will allow me, may I know where we are aiming?"

Bai Zemin's eyes glittered slightly and he paused to look up at the night sky. Although he could not see his target, he knew it was there.

"Towards outer space. More specifically, towards our cherished Sun."

* * * * * * * * * * * *

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3