Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

In the control room of the Sky Destroyer, Ye Linger trembled in fear as Bai Zemin's image was reflected on the giant holographic screen before them.

Not only Ye Linger was trembling in fear, but Bai Delan and Meng Qi were also as worried and frightened as she was as the image of their son/brother was etched in their eyes.

By now, Bai Zemin had left the protection of the Sky Destroyer; he had even stepped out of the warship's full defensive magic barrier.

His body was enveloped by a layer of deep blue flames that contrasted greatly with the light yellow flames of the sun. On his back were two ash-gray wings from which large amounts of silver frost shot out sideways only to be devoured by the heat in less than an instant.

Xia Ya glanced sideways at Bai Zemin's family before turning her attention back to the screen. After a moment of silence, she remarked, "His Majesty will be fine, no need to worry."

Meng Qi looked at Xia Ya and said lightly, "You seem to have practically blind faith in my big brother, Xia Ya?"

"Has he not proven himself to be worthy of such faith to us?" Xia Ya replied indifferently. Her black eyes glittered slightly as she said confidently, "His Majesty's path has only begun, there is a long way to go and many steps to climb."

Xia Ya's personality was not particularly pleasing to most, but there was one thing that was certain; her understanding of Bai Zemin was not low at all. 

,m However, the fact that Xia Ya knew Bai Zemin so well was completely natural considering that she had linked to his records hundreds of times.

'Besides... He is the only soul evolver who can endure Wolf Pack without dying.' Xia Ya added in her heart.

She was proud, incredibly proud. But that pride was not there without foundation; Xia Ya knew that she had the qualifications to be proud.

In fact, if she were to give her 100% at present she believed that not even Shangguan Bing Xue or Shangguan Xinyue would be able to defeat her.

"Ah!"

Wen Yan's cry of fear and surprise brought Xia Ya back to the real world, and when she focused on the giant screen she was startled for a moment when she saw a huge flare of flames big enough to devour an entire human base rose from the sun towards Bai Zemin.

The destructive power was so great that even Xia Ya turned slightly pale at the same time as her face lightened with every inch that the flare approached.

Just at that moment, the image of Bai Zemin extending his right hand outward was shown on the giant screen. 

From the palm of his hand, a great whirlwind of blue flames roared out and met the solar flare head-on.

Rumble...

The Sky Destroyer's full defensive barrier rumbled slightly but everyone's attention was on the two groups of flames, one blue and one golden, fiercely ramming into each other with the intention of devouring the other.

After a few seconds of stalemate, the blue flames seemed to become stronger as if receiving some kind of delicious food and with renewed strength suddenly began to swallow the golden flames until in less than five seconds they had managed to completely swallow the solar flare.

In the Sky Destroyer, Wen Yan subconsciously patted her chest a couple of times upon seeing this, "Thank heavens..."

Bai Delan supported his wife whose legs had become weak, and Xia Ya's voice rang out again inside the room where only gasps of astonishment and sighs of relief could be heard.

"You see? His Majesty will be fine."

Ye Linger looked at Xia Ya with a slightly pale face and nodded weakly, "Y- Yes... You're right."

She looked at the image of her son and murmured softly, "My child will be fine... He has to."

If anything happened to Bai Zemin, Ye Linger would never forgive either Feng Tian Wu or her family.

That girl had already hurt him enough in the past once, she should stop being a problem for her son once and for all.

* * *

"Too much consumption..." Bai Zemin frowned as he gently retracted his outstretched hand.

The power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was undoubtedly high, but it was no longer the divine flame that was said to be able to endlessly spread out to reach the ends of the universe and incinerate everything.

The solar flare that had assaulted him earlier burned at over 300.000 degrees Celsius. To suppress it, Bai Zemin had to use the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame and 250 Mana points to strengthen it using his over 7200 Magic points.

He had already activated Blood Immortal Radiance to deny the negative effects of the cosmic radiation that overwhelmed outer space and therefore his time was running out. 

With an expression of determination, Bai Zemin flapped the pair of ash-colored wings behind his back and plunged deep into the sea of flames until he finally disappeared completely from the Sky Destroyer's vision and soon also left the area that the ship could study in the midst of such monstrously high temperatures.

Bai Zemin was fine for the first 2000 meters, but as he submerged beyond the sun's destructive atmosphere and its magnetic field his expression became uglier and uglier for every meter he descended.

He was forced to constantly expend Mana to fuel the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame.

3000 meters.

3400 meters.

3700 meters.

3900 meters.

...

10.000 meters.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

15.000 meters!

After descending 15 kilometers from the Sky Destroyer's location, Bai Zemin could barely see a single fiery red gas amidst the orange flames that burned so fiercely that even the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was no longer enough to suppress them.

Even with the 7257 Magic points that Bai Zemin had in total boosting over 100 Mana points per second was not enough, and if he was not using the power that his armor had thanks to Shangguan Bing Xue and Kali he would definitely have been turned to ashes in less than a blink of an eye.

-----

[Bloodsurge Breastplate of Ice Magic -

[Full Body Heavy Armor.]

[Rank: 4]

[Physical Defense: 28.000]

[Magical Defense: 24.700]

[Durability: 109.990 / 110.110]

[Special Options -

[1) Increases fire resistance by 15% when the user is fighting alone.]

[2) When the user fights against enemies that are more than 100 levels above, increases movement speed by 50%.]

[3) Reduces the damage caused by resulting shockwaves by 30%.]

[4) When consuming Durability can increase the user's attack power by an amount corresponding to the Durability consumed.]

[Special Attached Skills -

[1) It can store and release large amounts of Ice-type magic. The user can spend Mana to use Ice-type magic as long as the armor has enough frost energy inside.]

[2) When you kill an enemy that is one Order above you the special skill 'Bloodsurge' is activated, which allows the user to receive a 1500-point boost in a random stat for 30 seconds. The effect can only be accumulated 2 times.]

[Description: Hard to believe, but this armor capable of surviving the armageddon of a world was born thanks to the masterful teamwork of three humans who less than two years before the birth of the armor were just ordinary living creatures. A work of art capable of granting its wearer the ability to survive in the most hostile environments that exist.]

-----

The armor that had been born after two months of continuous effort and hard work was truly outstanding.

Extremely high overall defense, excellent durability, high-quality options; work accomplished by Bai Zemin's blacksmithing.

Already high-quality options boosted by over 100%, a skill capable of increasing the user's power tremendously, a free space to store a second skill, and a tremendous overall improvement in the overall armor; work accomplished by Kali's practically divine runes.

Finally, the ability to increase fire resistance from 12% to 15% thanks to the colossal amount of stored frost energy, as well as the ability to grant the armor wearer the power to use Ice-type magic relatively freely; work accomplished by Shangguan Bing Xue.

If not for the fact that Bai Zemin had an armor that was worthy of a Fourth Order King belonging to a world that had been evolving and growing for at least 10.000 years, he would have already died without even feeling pain.

Bai Zemin spent over 25 minutes flying around the area that Fire Sorrow had marked, but he still wasn't able to find the fruit he was looking for to save Feng Tian Wu.

Although Fire Sorrow had pointed out the approximate area where she had picked her Divine Daydream Pomegranate in the past, it had been a long time since this had happened so even for her it was not possible to remember the exact location of the consumable fruit.

Furthermore, along with the growth of the Earth, the entire solar system had expanded as otherwise the blue planet would eventually end up colliding with the rest of planets. 

This meant that the sun had also grown, and considering that in the past it took a million Earths to cover the volume of the sun one could only try to imagine how huge the enormous fireball was in the present day.

After thirty minutes and having traveled thousands of kilometers using Overlap Regeneration to boost his Agility beyond 13.000 points practically without rest, Bai Zemin finally began to feel anxious.

Blood Immortal Radiance had a duration of only 60 minutes, and if in that time he couldn't find the fruit for Feng Tian Wu then he would be forced to retreat and return to Earth!

"All or nothing!" Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and endured the ever-increasing heat he felt.

Although his body was enveloped by the flames of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame and his armor kept sending blasts of frost in and out to keep him safe, Bai Zemin's skin was turning redder and redder.

The durability of the armor had already dropped below 70.000 points!

Exactly 7 minutes later, Bai Zemin's expression suddenly brightened as he suddenly sensed great hot energy gathered no more than 20 kilometers away from his current location, and without hesitation, he controlled his wings to fly there.

Not much later, seconds at most, Bai Zemin's heart was filled with joy and his eyes sparkled as the image of a small peach-like fruit hung from what appeared to be a flame tree.

"There it is!" Bai Zemin sped up like an excited child, but just at that moment, the silhouette of what appeared to be a flaming creature appeared blocking his route.

The fire spirit was indeed a Third Order creature, probably around level 180 or 190 at this point. 

The creature seemed to turn into a frenzy at the sight of Bai Zemin approaching as it let out a shriek that caused the surrounding sea of flames and gas to shake, and as if the sun had life it attacked the invader with everything it had.

"Frozen World!" 

From the silver streaks of Bai Zemin's armor, over 60.000 Mana points were blasted out all at once, and all the flames that assaulted him were suddenly enclosed by a thick and beautiful layer of light-colored ice.

Although the giant ice prison immediately cracked and would probably be shattered in the next second, an instant was all Bai Zemin needed to close the distance between him and the fire spirit; he was moving with over 13.000 Agility points plus the first Option of his armor after all!

The ice spirit was definitely very surprised when the enemy in front of it blocked its attack, so when Bai Zemin stopped for a moment in front of it the creature couldn't even respond.

"Scram!!!" 

Bai Zemin did not hold back at all and directly converted 90% of his 7030 natural Agility points into Strength.

Annihilation of the Falling Sky turned into a dragon claw-like gauntlet, and at the same time as the golden halo of Overlap Regeneration circled Bai Zemin's body giving him the appearance of a god he gritted his teeth and slammed over 14.000 Force points directly into the head of the surprised fire spirit.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

RUMBLE!!!!

...

The punch carried so much power behind it that for a single instant all the surrounding flames seemed to disappear after exploding outward as if they could not withstand the pressure of Bai Zemin's fist.

However, that brief instant was enough and it was all he was looking for.

The fire spirit's body exploded into millions of tiny sparks after being struck by an attack of such magnitude, and its special characteristic of being able to regenerate from within the flames was not activated as all the surrounding fire had been expelled outward.

[You have received the Soul Power of Third Order Feng Spirit level 187. You cannot absorb any more Soul Power...]

Bai Zemin sighed in relief and thanked Lilith for the tutelage on fire spirits before rushing forward with the intention of picking the fruit now clear before his eyes.

However, just as his hand touched the Divine Daydream Pomegranate, Bai Zemin's body froze as he felt the most bone-chilling aura he had ever felt in his entire life approaching at lightning speed.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3