Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

"The mana of the world constantly generates magic." Lilith continued slowly, "That magic, like mana, floats everywhere constantly and without special purpose. Your Magic stat was too high from the first moment the Soul Record came to this world called Earth since your body was able to support a higher amount of Mana inside it thanks to your especially abnormal soul."

Bai Zemin listened carefully and finally understood many things, resulting in him finally accepting that his Stone Heart skill was probably born as a consequence of his past records and his soul itself.

The world was similar to a gigantic vessel and inside it there was magic and mana floating in the air, occupying most of the space but being energy without matter it was as if it was not there.

Each being or existence had a statistic called Magic when the Soul Record reached the different worlds. This statistic allowed that existence to come into contact with the magic that roamed the world and the higher the statistic the greater the amount of magic to which they could have access.

In short, Magic and Strength were not the same as Magic Damage and Attack Power; all four were similar and interconnected but at the same time different. Even so, Magic and Strength did influence the Magic Damage and Attack Power that a being could inflict on their enemies because the greater the Strength or the greater the amount of magic to which a being could access through their Magic stat, the greater the damage the enemy would receive upon receiving an attack.

Sometimes, the Soul Record would make small mistakes during the first week of reaching a world because, as Lilith had mentioned repeatedly, each world was an infinity of possibilities and different rules.

It was most likely that when reading Bai Zemin's life records and as a consequence of his soul being able to contain a vast amount of mana and his ability to access greater magical power of the world, the Soul Record gave special importance to his most traumatic record.

"How ironic." Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He shook his head and said in a peculiar tone, "To think that girl and that idiot would eventually end up helping me several years later haha..."

"... Bai Zemin, what are the requirements to evolve Stone Heart?" Lilith furrowed her eyebrows slightly and asked in a funny tone of voice.

"Let me check."

[The Stone Heart skill has reached its maximum level and can evolve to the next Order. To evolve, the following requirements must be met -

[Trust wholeheartedly in another being outside the comfort zone: 0/1].

[Falling in love: Incomplete].

[Second Order Soul Stone: 0/3].

"W-What the f*ck?!" Bai Zemin almost fell backward when he saw the requirements needed to evolve the skill.

Ironically, among the three requirements, the third one was the most easy in this case... Even though he was not confident in defeating a Second Order existence unless he could launch a surprise attack with his strongest skill, Crimson Blood Judgment... Even though he wouldn't necessarily be able to obtain a Soul Stone after killing the enemy.

Wholeheartedly trusting another being outside the comfort zone? This requirement was probably as difficult as killing a First Order existence in one hit while he had not yet evolved and without some control over the world's mana!

As for falling in love... Wasn't that crazy?

"Well, I'd be lying if I said I didn't expect something like that." Lilith shook her head softly and sighed, "To evolve skills, it is often necessary to overcome the obstacles that the same skill imposes on us..."

In the end, Bai Zemin sighed and waved his free hand, "Forget it. It's not something necessary right now anyway."

Stone Heart was a good skill currently as it was a protective measure for him in this new world. If someday the humans regained some peace, then he could start striving to evolve the skill.

[You have met the requirements to evolve skill Bronze Skin level 1 to level 4].

[Evolution Requirements -

[Bronze Skin (First Order Passive Skill) Level 1 ----> Level 2: Stamina +240 naturally (Complete)].

[Level 2 ----> Level 3: Stamina +260 naturally (Complete) / Soul Stone: 1/1]. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

[Level 3 ----> Level 4: Stamina +280 naturally (Complete) / Soul Stone: 3/3].

Currently, Bai Zemin had reached 282 natural Stamina points and also had a couple of unclassified Soul Stones that he had obtained from different creatures.

"That's good." Bai Zemin smiled and concentrated on the skill, accepting the evolution.

Four normal Soul Stones flew out of his backpack and were soon enveloped by a bright bronze colored light. The mana of the world surrounded the four stones and the magic began to transform everything into a strange energy that was different from anything Bai Zemin had felt so far.

"This is what happens when the Soul Record comes in contact with a skill and Soul Stones or different objects with Soul Power inside, Bai Zemin." Lilith also looked at the glowing light with interest and pointed out, "Myriads of races and countless beings have tried to understand what is that strange energy that is produced during the evolving process, believing that it could be the greatest secret towards the real and absolute supremacy."

The Soul Record was an entity that had existed since time immemorial; even when the God of the Bible, Lucifer, and different supreme existences rose in power, the Soul Record was already there and it was only because of it that these beings were able to go beyond.

To this day, no one had managed to surpass what the Soul Record was capable of.

Bai Zemin looked at the bright light and could not help but feel amazed. It was just a light, but for a moment he couldn't help but feel that even the beauty and charm of the beautiful Lilith beside him paled in comparison.

[Bronze Skin (First Order Passive Skill) Level 4: Your skin becomes much tougher than that of any living being before the awakening of Mana. Increases Stamina by +140 points].

Curious, Bai Zemin looked at the Bronze Skin evolution requirements as his current Stamina was really high.

[Level 4 ----> Level 5: Stamina +300 naturally (Complete) / Soul Stone: 4/9].

"At this rate won't I end up having skin as tough as hell?" Bai Zemin couldn't help but wonder dumbfounded.

Although he was complaining on the outside, the truth was that he was delighted on the inside as the higher his Stamina, the crazier he could become now that he had acquired the Blood Berserker job!

However, Lilith was thinking about something else. She couldn't help but shudder as she said, "Your current Stamina could be compared to a Third Order human or a Second Order savage beast... Could it be that you want to punish me in bed so badly~?"

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth constricted several times and he looked at her with a dead expression as he said in a low voice: "You just wait, you damn perverted succubus... You just wait..."

While it was true that his Stone Heart skill had helped keep Bai Zemin sane and not lost in power thanks to his family, the one who had helped and supported him the most with her jokes and fun personality was undoubtedly the beautiful demoness at his side.

Something he, perhaps, would never be able to thank her enough for.