Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1042 Fire Sorrow departure & No more secrets

"Zemin, wait!"

Lilith's voice sounded behind him, stopping Bai Zemin in mid-flight.

He turned around softly and waited silently for her next words, for although Lilith hadn't said much aside from stopping him, Bai Zemin already knew her well enough to notice the slight changes of vibration in her tone of voice.

She was anxious.

Lilith looked past Bai Zemin, straight towards the Sky Destroyer.

Although her eyes naturally couldn't see inside the warship since she had no such skills, Lilith could somehow tell that her eyes most likely met head-on with everyone in the command room.

"Zemin, my identity and that of Fire Sorrow have been exposed."

Bai Zemin was taken by surprise at first, but when his lover's words fully settled in his brain he subconsciously looked up at Sky Destroyer before turning his attention back to her.

He nodded and muttered under his breath, "...Right."

The existence of practically immortal beings, Higher Existences, was only known to two Lower Existences within Bai Zemin's circle other than himself.

Namely, those two Lower Existences were Shangguan Bing Xue and Kali.

After all, although Bai Shilin also knew it the little girl was just a newborn who did not understand the difference between both Existences; to her, Lilith was one of her mothers and Fire Sorrow was an older sister who had recently appeared but was a very good person.

The fact that more people now knew about it wasn't particularly a big deal to Bai Zemin, everyone in the Sky Destroyer was people he could trust to some extent.

Even the twelve operators definitely wouldn't dare divulge a word of what they saw today if Bai Zemin ordered them that way, not when they all had a family to worry about.

Besides, who in their right mind would want to lose one of the highest-paying jobs in the entire faction, as well as the countless privileges that being part of the Sky Destroyer fleet automatically granted them?

The problem was another one, a completely different one.

"...I guess I'll just have to take my mom's punishment later." Bai Zemin sighed to himself before looking at Lilith, "My little succubus, suppress your Charm as much as possible once we get back to the ship. I don't want my father to fall in love with my future wife, leaving my mother a widow."

"Widow?" Lilith was startled.

"Yes, because she will kill him not before cutting them off." Bai Zemin made a scissors gesture toward the crotch.

The corner of Lilith's mouth twitched several times as she understood what the little scoundrel in front of her meant. Without her realizing it, however, the nerves and dread she felt of being discovered and perhaps misunderstood by Bai Zemin's family were somewhat calmed by his joke.

... It was a joke wasn't it? Lilith began to sweat as she secretly thought that she had better put more effort into suppressing her natural Charm.

As for Fire Sorrow...

"I... I'll be back in a few days." She looked at Bai Zemin with complicated eyes for several seconds before adding in a gentle voice, "Now that you have the Divine Daydream Pomegranate in your possession you just have to make that Feng Tian Wu girl consume it. The effect of the fruit will show up immediately, and it shouldn't take long to make her open her eyes again."

Bai Zemin nodded calmly, "Thank you for everything, Fire Sorrow. I promise to pay you back someday."

"... There is no need." Fire Sorrow shook her head as she sighed.

Fire Sorrow definitely needed to calm down a bit and think things through more clearly. Ever since she met Bai Zemin she had been living too fast and the amount of adrenaline she had felt over the last while was so great that she had forgotten how fast her heart could beat for many different reasons.

Even a Higher Existence like her needed some peace after receiving so many shocks and surprises blow after blow. Especially since she had lived millions of years in a state of "total calm" where the emotions of her life were turned off.

Now that those emotions had been turned on, Fire Sorrow needed time to adapt... and staying close to the young man in front of her wouldn't help.

As for Bai Zemin, he naturally felt it was a pity... but he didn't care too much either. Cruel? He didn't think of it that way.

At the end of the day, Fire Sorrow and he had no relationship.

She was in love with Sirius, not with the existence called Bai Zemin.

In fact, Fire Sorrow was kind to him only because she believed in the possibility that Bai Zemin's soul was Sirius' soul.

The appearance of the Anti-Magic Domain had changed things, and Fire Sorrow would probably need time to think things through more clearly.

As for whether she decided it was not necessary to contact him again... Bai Zemin could only move on with his life and his goals.

Everyone had their own reasons for living no matter how small, and Fire Sorrow was not the engine that kept Bai Zemin up and running.

There was only one thing that worried him a little, but Fire Sorrow's next words calmed him down completely.

"You don't need to worry about me revealing the existence of all your skills nor the fact that Annihilation of the Falling Sky is in your hands." She said with a serious voice and sincere eyes. "I promise on my life that unless absolutely necessary I will not reveal your identity to anyone, and the moment I do it will be to help you."

Although Bai Zemin didn't really understand what she meant by her last line, he nodded gratefully, "Thank you... I hope that if we ever meet again in the future it will be as allies and not as enemies."

"Same to me." Fire Sorrow forced a smile, and after looking at Lilith hesitantly finally shook her head. "Lilith, I will return to Kram World... You..."

"Safe journey." Lilith shook her head. She looked at Bai Zemin with a faint smile before looking back at her, "This is where I belong. Even though I'm part of the Demonic Army, my home is here."

Fire Sorrow's eyes sparkled with many complicated emotions as she listened to Lilith's words. What she especially felt was shame, pity... and, ironically, sorrow.

"I see..." She nodded, and as she looked at the pair of two she finally caught a glimmer of something she would need to study for a while to understand.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Without adding anything else, Fire Sorrow turned and with a fierce flap of her six wings turned into a flash of purple light that in a matter of seconds disappeared beyond the nearest white dot.

For almost a full minute, Bai Zemin and Lilith remained silent before she slowly said, "Maybe when she comes back she will finally understand that at this rate she will create more regrets for herself again."

Bai Zemin shook his head, and as he turned to return to the Sky Destroyer he muttered, "If she ever comes back, that is."

* * *

As Bai Zemin returned with Lilith to the control room of the Sky Destroyer, something he already expected happened.

Attention was divided on both of them.

Everyone's eyes were focused on Bai Zemin's wounds, especially his right arm which barely had any flesh on it and was no different than a large crystalline bone that glittered like a diamond. However, seconds later those same eyes would move to Lilith only to return to him shortly thereafter.

"Old man, you seem to care more about Lilith's beauty than your son's condition?" Bai Zemin joked.

Although he couldn't see, sensing the movements of those near him was a piece of cake.

"Lilith? This..." Bai Delan didn't care for his son's joke. He looked at him for a moment and murmured worriedly, "Zemin, your wounds... About Lili..."

Bai Zemin could already feel his mother's sobs and Meng Qi supporting her, so he replied towards them, "Mom, princess, I'm fine. Although it looks like my injuries are very bad they are actually no big deal. See, I'm even healing and regenerating right now."

As if to prove his words, Bai Zemin extended his arm outwards, and with his Health stat currently being around 20.000 points thanks to the effect of Immortal Blood Radiance along with Blood Manipulation everyone could see new tissues forming in front of their eyes in real-time.

If he could keep up this pace Bai Zemin would probably be completely healed in a week at most.

Ye Linger seemed to be drowning in her own tears, and as she tried her best not to faint looking at her beloved child's condition she tried to focus her attention on the black-haired, ruby-eyed woman who easily qualified as the most gorgeous she had ever seen before.

"You... Are you really Lili...?"

A flash of guilt and shame shone in Lilith's eyes as she noticed the doubt and confusion in Bai Zemin's mother's question.

She immediately bowed and said in a self-reproachful voice, "Mother-in-law, Father-in-law... I'm sorry. Lili is just my shortened name, my name is Lilith."

"Lilith..." Ye Linger whispered still unable to comprehend the situation.

Everyone had watched as Lili, Bai Zemin's fiancée, suddenly changed into a beautiful woman whose aura was enough to cast a spell on anyone. She had torn through space with her hands and appeared outside the Sky Destroyer, and it was also she along with the other purple-haired woman who saved the life of who everyone believed was the most powerful soul evolver on board.

"Lilith? Is that your real name or is that another alias you're using?"

Lilith straightened her posture and stared in astonishment at Meng Qi.

Meng Qi looked at her coldly and said in an indifferent voice, "You're not just a normal soul evolver... Actually, I dare say you're not even human. Not from our Earth at the very least."

"That's..." Lilith felt slightly overwhelmed and for a moment didn't know how to respond or what she should say.

Seeing this, Bai Zemin sighed and naturally stepped in to support the woman he loved.

"Wait a moment please... things are not that easy." He shook his head and added, "It's true that Lilith hid her identity, but she did it partly because she had her reasons and partly because I asked her to."

"You asked her to?" Meng Qi was surprised to hear Bai Zemin's words and immediately asked, "But... big brother, why would you want her to hide her true self?"

"... For starters, Lilith's natural Charm is too high." Bai Zemin smiled wryly. "When I introduced Lilith to you Second Order soul evolvers were a rarity, but a normal Second Order soul evolver would fall victim to her Charm even if she restrained herself and had no ill intentions."

Meng Qi opened her mouth to tell him not to be so exaggerated, but when she saw how the twelve operators seemed to have difficulty keeping their eyes off Lilith and even her own father who was a Third Order soul evolver was gritting his teeth she realized that her big brother's line of reasoning wasn't exactly wrong.

Ye Linger could not blame her husband for what he was experiencing. Even she as an adult woman admitted in her heart that the woman in front of her was synonymous with perfection in every possible aspect a living being could imagine.

However, there was something Ye Linger did not understand.

"That explains things a bit.... But why did she hide until now? Why did she appear in front of you? Are you being affected by this Charm you speak of? How long have you known each other?"

Bai Zemin forced a smile that eventually ended up resulting in a wry smile at his mother's flood of questions. However, it would be a lie if he said he hadn't expected it.

Besides... Ye Linger's questions were most likely the questions that Meng Qi and Bai Delan wanted to ask.

"About that..." He sighed, and a moment later his expression turned serious as did his voice, "It will be a long story... A story involving many secrets of the universe, including the God of Christianity and Lucifer himself."

* * * * * * * * * * * *

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3