Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The interior of the Collector's Pocket World had changed enormously over the last period of time; particularly since the time when the operation to obtain the Rank 5 consumable fruit that took Feng Tian Wu away from the clutches of death ended successfully despite the not-so-small inconveniences not expected.

The once silent grasslands were now teeming with life, with mutant beasts ranging from Fierce Flame Tigers to Horned Elephants and even Mountain Lambs occupying the once empty places.

As the mutant beasts relaxed, none of them attacked the other, which was extremely rare considering that unless a mutant beast reached the Second Order it would always attack with ferocity and fearlessness.

These were the mutant beasts that the group in charge of the Transcendent faction had put a lot of effort into taming, and despite the losses, the future results would more than make up for it.

There were also large plantations that stretched for over 5000 meters in length and breadth; grain, rice, soybeans, fruit trees, etc. Adding a picturesque view to the previously purely green map.

Usually, there were at least 5 people overseeing everything, but at this moment there was no one paying attention to either the mutant beasts or the crop.

This was because the highest leader of the entire faction, the King himself, had ordered everyone to take a few days off to work on other things in the outside world.

...

On the top floor of the finally finished and luxuriously decorated villa similar to a Victorian-era castle, the only two intelligent beings in the Collector's Pocket World stared into each other's eyes for a long time.

Although neither of them said anything, their eyes were more expressive than a thousand words could convince.

After what was over 2 minutes of silence but seemed like only a few seconds, Lilith softly opened her mouth and as her red lips curved into a lazy smile her melodious voice brought the house to life.

"Little brother Zemin, would you mind telling this big sister why you have suddenly called me to this place far away from all intelligent life and where no human being can reach?"

Instead of answering her question, Bai Zemin took a big step forward closing the distance between them in less than a breath and before Lilith had time to say anything he wrapped his right arm around her slender waist, pulling her to him with a single tug.

Far from looking surprised, the upward curve in her full lips and the mischievous gleam in her eyes laid bare that the beautiful Sixth Order succubus expected this, and from the way she cooperated with him by pressing her soft generous bosom against his rock-solid one it was clear she wanted it.

"My little succubus, you really don't know why?" Bai Zemin asked.

His gaze was serious and his black eyes were narrowed as he watched her like a predator carefully analyzing the beautiful features of his prey.

Lilith opened her mouth to say something, but followed by the loud slapping sound along with her body moving abruptly, the only thing that came out of her mouth was a small cry of surprise mixed with a bit of pain that soon turned into an itch.

"You've been bad." As Bai Zemin stroked her face with his left hand delicately, his right hand with which he had just spanked her hard on her right buttock now moved in small gentle circles over the bruised area.

It was only a spanking, but the effect it had on Lilith was practically immediate.

She enjoyed both strokes even though the firm hand on her bottom moving in circles caused a strange itching sensation that was hard to understand. Wrapping her long slender snow-white arms around his neck, Lilith stood slightly on tiptoe and with a look as soft as silk whispered charmingly, "I've been a bad girl...And what will you do to punish me...Daddy."

If the delicious breath of aphrodisiac flowers coming from her mouth along with every word she whispered to him inches distant wasn't enough then the content of Lilith's words were certainly more than enough to throw Bai Zemin's insides into a fire.

He encircled her waist again and without warning easily lifted her off the ground with a single hand.

Lilith let out a small high-pitched cry at the sudden abrupt movement, and as if her body went into automatic mode she wrapped her long smooth and sheen-like legs around his waist like the most delicate snake.

The forest fire was burning not only inside Bai Zemin; the fire burning inside Lilith was even more dangerous than his!

Like a snake seeking to devour its prey in one bite, Lilith pressed her luscious red lips to his and began to kiss him frantically. 

At the same time as her surprisingly long tongue entered his mouth and began to tangle uncontrollably with his, Bai Zemin could feel Lilith's body move from left to right and up and down with rapid, fluid movements.

Lilith didn't hold back her Charm this time, she let go completely.

And Bai Zemin took everything like a champion despite being only a Second Order soul evolver.

Lilith's tongue was like a cobra tangling around Bai Zemin's, and her saliva was so exquisite that he couldn't get enough of it so he sucked as much as he could to get more of that delicious elixir that was turning him into a beast for no reason.

Feeling the curvaceous and extremely supple body of such a beautiful woman, his crush at that, writhing like a water snake demanding more attention not only didn't help things to be more relaxed but Bai Zemin literally felt like howling with excitement.

This kiss contained love, but practically 90% of its existence represented purely and exclusively naked lust.

As the sound of pursed lips feeling and devouring each other along with the female's faint moan accompanied by the male's grunt sounded in tune with the unmistakable sound of saliva sharing, Bai Zemin grabbed Lilith's ass with both of his hands.

He opened his palms and spread his fingers to the point where his skin almost broke all to have the benefit of feeling more of that luscious soft, fluffy marshmallow-like flesh overflowing between his fingers. 

Bai Zemin caressed, squeezed, patted, felt, kneaded... He treated Lilith's ass as his personal property as he took firm, purposeful steps in the direction of the large bed in the center of the spacious room.

Once he let her back rest on the bed, Bai Zemin expected Lilith to give him some room to move but nothing could be further from the truth.

Far from releasing him, Lilith tightened her legs like padlocks around his waist while using her slender and delicate but strong arms to make sure that her tongue never left his mouth. 

Bai Zemin did not complain but like a good obedient boy willingly participated in the fierce combat Lilith's snake tongue was presenting to him.

The two kissed and felt for about ten minutes, and by that time the two were a mess even though the real thing had not yet begun.

Messy clothes, wet crotches, arousing feminine scent flooding inside the four walls, increasingly desperate moans and grunts... The scene was certainly arousing enough to awaken the most nefarious and perverted desires of the purest being in the universe.

Bai Zemin stuck out his tongue and without any elegance or pretense licked from the lower part of Lilith's neck to her lips, taking inside his mouth all the excess saliva that had slipped between her lips during the animal kiss they were sharing.

"Naughty little succubus." Bai Zemin licked her ear delicately and planted feather-like kisses on the left side of her neck as he whispered in a husky voice filled with desire, "I see you learned how to turn me on me easily. I don't know whether to feel happy or not anymore that you are finally calling me as it should be."

Lilith squirmed uncomfortably at his caressing hands sliding torturously gently over her legs. 

Lilith's legs were so, so soft that Bai Zemin literally felt as if he was running his palms and fingers over silk instead of skin.

After kissing for several more minutes, Bai Zemin finally couldn't take it anymore and began to move his hands towards the straps of her dress. However, it was at that moment that Lilith stopped him abruptly.

"Wait." She shook her head and pushed him back slightly.

"What's wrong?" Bai Zemin looked at her like a child whose candy had been taken away.

"Let's make it a little more fun." Lilith smiled like a sly little fox, and while caressing Bai Zemin's face she whispered in his ear, "Let's bet... This time we'll have at least 7 days in this world all to ourselves."  𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

* * * * * * * * * * * *

We have been in the top 1 GT for 10 months in a row, and it means a lot to me to see that my effort pays off. Many thanks to you, who still donate your golden tickets and support Blood Warlock <3