Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

When Bai Zemin heard that Lilith wanted to play betting games, his movements froze as his mind processed what this meant. However, it wasn't hard for him to remember that delightful night when the two of them had their first level of deep intimacy.

He slowly pulled away from her, just far enough to look into her eyes, "Are you sure you want to bet with me in bed? I'm a new Zemin now compared to back then."

Lilith could feel the flame of fire called lust burning fiercely in his black eyes, but far from scaring or being intimidated she was fascinated by it.

"I will love to taste this new Zemin." She licked tantalizingly at the hand with which he was caressing her face, and without taking her eyes from his she whispered, "But we won't just have fun in bed... This time we'll do many, many wild things."

A rather creepy smile slowly formed on Bai Zemin's lips, and she needed no confirmation from him to understand that he was overjoyed with her idea.

"So, what do you want to bet this time?" Bai Zemin stood abruptly and turned his back on her.

Lilith relied on her hands to lift her upper body slightly, and as she watched him take off his shirt she couldn't help but lick her lips.

Once the top was off, Bai Zemin slowly ran his hot eyes up and down the legs of the beauty on his bed and as his eyes moved higher and higher his voice became more and more needy, "After all, we need to stake something for a bet to make sense."

Lilith did not stand but with a quick graceful movement turned her body until she was on her knees and hands.Â 

Her ruby eyes seemed only to exist for what his pants hid, and as she approached him like a small but seductive cat wiggling her butt tantalizingly, Lilith whispered, "If I win I want you to call me big sister and in return, I will call you little Zemin... You will do so until you can defeat me, and only then will you have the right to choose new forms of address."

Bai Zemin's gaze was lost in the seductive movements of her waist that seemed to be calling out to him in invitation mode, "Fine. If I win you will call me Daddy whenever we are being intimate. Besides, I also want you to try on all kinds of outfits for me."

"I understand the outfits part. You don't need to ask, I plan to role-play a lot with you too." Lilith stopped when her face was an inch from the strap of his pants and lifted her face slightly to let him see her bright eyes: "But, if you think I gave everything last time then you are wrong... So from the beginning there was no need for you to tell me what your wish is."

Under Bai Zemin's well attentive and narrowed eyes, Lilith lowered her face and opened her mouth directly towards the obvious hardness that was completely marked underneath the clothes.

"You sound confident." Bai Zemin nodded slowly and said in a serious voice, "Show me what you- Ugh!"

He was forced to cut off his line before he finished it and subconsciously raised his head towards the ceiling as he let out a small hoarse grunt.

Lilith let out a somewhat choked chuckle that made him look down to see what she was doing.

Under Bai Zemin's slightly surprised eyes, the image of the beautiful Lilith trapping his manhood between her lips.Â 

"...What did you do?" he asked with a grimace on his face.

Other than Lilith only Bai Zemin knew the reason behind his surprise.

Although her lips did not touch him directly, as strange as it seemed Bai Zemin felt as if a thousand small hands were caressing him.

Lilith let out another amused giggle again and her mouth seemed to turn into a steam room as large amounts of hot, slimy saliva flooded Bai Zemin's pants.

When she pulled back, more than a dozen bridges of hot, wet saliva joined her lips to his now harder manhood.Â 

She slurped noisily, sucking those bridges back into her mouth.Â 

Bai Zemin was flushed with embarrassment as he panted like a thirsty dog. He looked at her and asked with wide eyes, "W-What was that?"

If it wasn't for him holding back Bai Zemin was 60% sure he might have lost his mind and spurted his load right there at the moment Lilith's lips slid over his hardness through his pants and underwear.

"Now that I no longer need to hold back when it comes to you and my Charm is completely loose you will understand how dangerous a succubus can be, my little Zemin." Lilith slowly stood up and wrapped her arms around his neck delicately as she said in an innocent voice, "Do you want to go first or would you rather I suck you completely dry now? It will only take a moment, I promise~"

Although Bai Zemin knew that Lilith was only provoking him, he couldn't help but fall into her game plainly roundly... There was no self-respecting man on the face of the Earth capable of taking such words.

"...If I don't make you become a good and obedient submissive every time we are in bed then I might as well stop being a man." He said through gritted teeth.

"Oh, don't be so serious my little Zemin. I can't let you stop being a man or else where will I get physical satisfaction from in the future?" Lilith smiled like a gentle little fox but her eyes glittered dangerously, "Besides, you seem to be forgetting something..."

"What do you me-"ViiSiit nð’velbð’Š/n(.)c/(ð’)m for lð’‚test ð’ð’vels

Before Bai Zemin could finish his words, Lilith pushed him gently but hard enough to send his body straight backwards onto the bed.

As he relied on the palms of his hands to lift his upper body, he watched wide-eyed as Lilith crawled like a black panther in her silk dress directly between his spread legs.

"Back to that first night at your family's house you and I bet on a time basis, remember? But this time..." Lilith smiled, and with a strong tug of her hands sent both Bai Zemin's pants and boxer to the opposite side of the room, "This time it's different."

Before he had a chance to say a single word, let alone plead with all the angels in heaven, Bai Zemin felt his world go blank as his root was sent straight into the depths of what appeared to be a warm, viscous pool, but whose suction force was as strong as that of a black hole.

There was no time for protests or moans, all he could do was groan shamefully as his first shot of the day went straight down Lilith's throat.

This was a great shame for him, but Bai Zemin knew in his heart that merely being able to maintain his sanity was an accomplishment that probably only he among all the Lower Existences in history was capable of.

Lilith's head jerked slightly upwards but she held his head inside her mouth just before releasing it and for a few seconds her throat moved with each gulp she took.

Bai Zemin watched the whole scene in amazement and with his eyes wide open.

Slowly, Lilith applied a little extra suction force to her mouth as she pursed her lips drawing her head upwards.

A 'pop' sound rang out in the quiet room and Lilith's eyes sparkled with amusement as she looked into his eyes, "I was a little surprised at the shooting force at first. It's my first time doing this after all."

"...You cheated." Bai Zemin muttered softly.

"Cheat?" Lilith let out an amused chuckle and pointed out, "I'm just using my passive and active skills as a Succubus. Are you forgetting? The skills are part of our deepest records, part of our soul, part of us."

Bai Zemin took a deep breath and after a moment nodded with a serious face, "Very well. Don't cry later and remember it was you the one who wanted to play like this."

"Leaving that aside..." Lilith leaned over and planted a deep and noisy kiss on the crown of his manhood while staring into his eyes, "I wonder if it's because your race evolved from a normal human to a high human but you taste really tasty."Â 

"...Is that so?"Â 

"Of course, do you want to try a bit? I'll squeeze it out for you."

"... Thanks but I'll pass for now."

"Oh well, your loss then ungrateful little boy." Lilith shrugged her shoulders.

Without giving Bai Zemin any more time, she pulled his foreskin upwards covering practically his entire head. Taking advantage of that small space left open, Lilith swirled her long snake-like tongue and using the tip slowly forced her way inside.

"Ugh!" Bai Zemin's face contracted slightly, crumpling into a pained expression but what he felt was absolutely the opposite of pain.

Lilith's eyes glittered as she stared at him. Slowly, she began to move her tongue back and forth across the top of the glans of his penis.

Because her tongue was deep inside the foreskin, Lilith's tongue was stimulating Bai Zemin much more than it would normally do if she just played with his little brother's head.

A minute later, the sound of gushing water could be heard inside the room along with the gasps of an incredibly aroused man.

Lilith's movements kept getting better and better with each passing second. She was no longer moving her tongue back and forth on top but was now swirling rapidly inside the foreskin of his head stimulating every part of the shaft with great dexterity.

The bed between Bai Zemin's legs was a mess that had been created by different liquids; Lilith's saliva that had become frothy due to the constant swirling of her tongue, his pre-cum... and, of course, his cum.

Bai Zemin had no idea how much time had passed but he could count that he had cum over 7 times in total.

After who knows how long, Lilith slowly pulled the foreskin of the glans back with her tongue still inside and before her tongue was completely free she used the tip to pull the skin slightly upwards in a temporary parting lick.

"...I think I've eaten enough for several years." She sat up on her knees and looked at Bai Zemin with a big smile, "Little brother Zemin, how about conceding defeat? It's only been 5 minutes you know?"

He took a deep breath and slowly advanced towards her. His black eyes glowed like a predator's as he said in a husky voice, "...This competition is about who can hold on the longest before giving up, right?"

"Yes?" Lilith frowned slightly but the smile on her face remained, "If I can make you cum almost 10 times in 5 minutes that means in an hour you will have over 100 orgasms. That should drain at least half of your Stamina, correct?"

"Correct." Bai Zemin nodded and grabbed her by the arm. Very slowly, he pulled her towards him and whispered in her ear in a deep voice, "So I guess I'll have to use Regeneration to recover my Stamina until I run out of Mana, and then I'll have to use Overlap Regeneration to recover 100% of my Mana... and then keep using Regeneration."

Lilith's confident expression finally changed when she heard this, but before she could say anything she found herself being lifted and spun in the air.

It didn't take Bai Zemin more than a second to have her the way he wanted her; with her ass in his face and her face directly attached to his root.

"Take off your clothes, my little succubus... For these 7 days I will train you until you become a good and obedient little girl." Saying that, he spanked her butt as if to enforce his command.

"Ah! Zemin, you!" Lilith tried to look at him but due to her current position achieving such a thing was quite difficult.Â 

"Take off your clothes." He ordered in a husky, thirsty voice, "You've already talked big this whole time and honestly I'm getting tired... Or what, could it be that you're all blabber and little action?"

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Next chapters in the next few hours >.< last one before big things happen.