Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Lilith took a deep breath to calm herself down, but all she managed to do was to get even more excited when her nostrils filled with the smell of manhood coming from her beloved's male root.

Without a word to say, her black dress disappeared and before Bai Zemin's burning eyes appeared her completely naked body... almost.

"This sexy little thong does nothing but turn me on even more." He used both his hands to force Lilith's butt down further and directly dug his teeth delicately into her spongy right buttock, "And it makes me want to eat you even more."

Lilith looked back over her shoulder as she slowly caressed her partner with her right hand. Her ruby eyes glinted slightly as she said in a soft but defiant voice, "Then why don't you eat me and show me how hungry you are? But be careful...you might cum with just a taste of me."

Bai Zemin snorted and did directly as she said.

With a swift but careful movement, he moved the thin string of her black thong to the side and the exquisite scent of slightly restrained flowers assaulted him completely once he released the source.

He heard Lilith's giggle followed by her voice filled with amusement.

"Little brother Zemin, little Zemin down here is trembling so much... Don't tell me that just my scent almost made you cum~?"

Although the legend of succubi needing to suck life energy through the semen of men in order to get stronger and survive wasn't exactly true, there was one thing that was true.... Succubi were dangerous sexual creatures, and Bai Zemin had in his bed the succubus with the highest Enchantment in the entire multiverse.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The fact that he hadn't gone insane despite being only a level 100 Second Order soul evolver was a feat worthy of praise for years to come if anyone knew about it.

"You laugh. Laugh while you can." Bai Zemin used the tip of his tongue to gently and carefully lick around Lilith's crotch. He felt her body shudder gently in his grip but acted as if he knew nothing as he spoke between licks, "You may make me cum many times more than I can make you cum, but so what with that? If I can subdue you and make you achieve pleasures high enough that you can no longer stand then it is my victory."

After a brief silence, Lilith agreed in a trembling voice, "I guess you're right..." She gently licked the head of his stiffness and then planted her nose directly next to the frenulum, taking a deep breath she whispered, "If you manage to make me faint and not be able to continue due to the pleasure limit I will gladly admit defeat, Daddy Zemin..."

"Don't worry."

"Ah!"

Bai Zemin gave a quick lick to the small pink pearl on top and partially covered by a delicate hood. When his tongue returned to his mouth bringing with it a little taste of the flavor of her juices it was hard for him to continue speaking confidently.

"I will make you admit defeat very willingly."

Leaving those words floating in the air, Bai Zemin immediately got down to business.... Or rather, tongue to the work.

Bai Zemin might not be experienced in how to lick a woman as this was his first time let alone how it felt to have his manhood deeply buried in a woman's femininity. However, there were many times that one didn't need to have too much actual experience in the field but some knowledge and a lot of desire to please one's partner.

As he flicked his tongue up and down gently and listened to Lilith's choked little mewls choking on his manhood he felt his confidence swell even as he shot his hot cum deep into her throat for the ninth time.

Ten minutes later, Bai Zemin had cum another 7 times while he had only managed to make Lilith cum once. 

Strangely, however, it was Lilith who for some reason seemed slightly anxious and although she tried to hide it she was not able to hide this from Bai Zemin who knew her body and gestures to perfection.

Three days later, Bai Zemin no longer knew how many orgasms she had had in total but it was definitely over 1000. Such a thing was naturally impossible and unthinkable before the apocalypse, not only could a man not cum that many times but even if he was somehow able to do so he would definitely die feeling a great deal of pain.

However, despite having cum so many times and feeling overwhelming pleasure that threatened to consume his senses, Bai Zemin was still diligently licking Lilith's most sensitive part; he could no longer remember how many times his tongue had traced from A to Z around and over his lover's clitoris.

As for Lilith, she had cum approximately 200 times during this time, which was not even 1/5th of the number of times she had brought Bai Zemin to the peak of pleasure.

The room had become a mess in the first 24 hours and the smell of sex was so strong that the air between the four walls was practically visible with female and male hormones seducing each other.

As for the bed... Well, calling it a pool was probably more accurate to describe their situation. The poor bed was full of the semen residue that Lilith couldn't swallow as well as her own fluids since 15 hours after starting she was not only having orgasms but had started squirting everywhere like an unstoppable fountain.

Partly to avoid drowning in their own fluids and partly to add more fun to the situation, Bai Zemin and Lilith changed the location of the match and moved from the bed to the ball.

"You really are a fucking pervert, Zemin." Lilith gasped and could barely contain the squeal that almost escaped her mouth as her lower mouth quivered and squirted uncontrollably.

She was head down to the floor with Bai Zemin's arms around her waist and both of his hands firmly gripping her ass. Lilith had locked her neck from behind with her feet and her two arms half wrapped around his waist as his sticky, slippery manhood released his 1143rd load directly all over her face.

Bai Zemin willingly swallowed all the juices that the love of his life gave him, and after swallowing it all he slapped her ass as he said in a confident voice, "Don't you like the view, you perverted little bitch."

"W-What did you call me?!" Lilith opened her eyes wide.

Bai Zemin's response was a spanking even harder than the previous one and as her ass turned red he went back to diligently eating her.

Lilith's eyes rolled for a moment but she quickly went back to work unwilling to admit defeat.

As the standing man held the woman practically floating in the air in the famous '69' position that allowed them to pleasure each other, one of the many mutant tigers roared as it looked with confused eyes at the Tall Human and the Succubus class Demon on the balcony grunting and moaning uncontrollably for many hours.

Time is a relative thing, and when one is having fun it tends to pass very quickly.

On day 4, Bai Zemin and Lilith moved from the balcony to another room and in a matter of 1 or 2 hours of hard work at most they managed to turn the bed of whoever slept there into a new disaster for the collection. 

As the two continued to pleasure each other and time went by, Bai Zemin never let go of Lilith. He took it upon himself to move her wherever he wanted to go, and as she swallowed his cock like it was the most delicious delicacy in the world he did the same and not only licked, kissed, and sucked her exquisite womanhood but also gave soft and delicate nibbles to her lips from time to time.

By the time the sixth day ended and the seventh began it was evident who would be the winner of the bet at this rate.

Bai Zemin's face was still healthy and except for the unusual warmth in his eyes everything seemed normal about him. In fact, he was still casually walking around the house naked while dragging Lilith with him as if she were a doll.

As for Lilith... 

She was no longer sucking the still rock-hard stiffness of her beloved with the same intensity as before and the focus in her gaze was by far much lower compared to six days ago. While being licked by Bai Zemin relentlessly, her body kept shaking and shuddering continuously at the same time as the time gap between each orgasm became shorter and shorter until it reached a point of squirting 2 times in just three minutes.

"Impossible..." Lilith whispered in a tired voice. She simply let herself be carried by Bai Zemin as she used her small right hand to grip his pole with her face resting next to him.

Any sexual activity could become extremely strenuous, even more so than fighting a bloody war.

Pa!

"Hanng..." 

Bai Zemin slapped her right buttock hard enough to wake her up but only for a second as after a soft grunt her eyes began to close once again.

"Hey, hey..." Bai Zemin finally paused from his endless licking and as he moved his waist to smack his partner's lips with his manhood he teased mercilessly, "Big sister Lilith, don't tell me you can't take it anymore?"

"It's not fair..." Lilith muttered with clear exhaustion not only physically but also mentally and spiritually, an obvious consequence of having so many orgasms without any rest.

"It's not fair? What thing is not fair?" Bai Zemin smacked her ass and with expert dexterity went back to eating Lilith to orgasm again in less than 1 minute.

As she squirmed at the same time as his face was blessed by her vendite water, Bai Zemin continued, "I think I can use Overlap Regeneration at least two or three more times which means I can replenish much more than 20,000 Mana points.... Mana which I can use to transform into hundreds of thousands of Stamina points."

He had started off losing to Lilith... but in a long duration battle Bai Zemin was confident he had the upper hand. and his monstrous Stamina in conjunction with Regeneration and Overlap Regeneration made him a fearful existence on any battlefield.

Even in the bedroom.

"Little succ- No, sorry." Bai Zemin said in a mocking voice, "Could it be that you're actually admitting defeat, big sis Lilith?

"I..." Lilith seemed to wake up a snot upon hearing his question and hesitated, however, she suddenly jumped and cried out in surprise as she felt Bai Zemin's tongue snaking dangerously close to her sensitive area, "W-Wait!"

"Hm?" Bai Zemin did not stop and continued to play gently.

"I..." Lilith gritted her teeth and said frustrated but helplessly, "I admit defeat."

"Hm? I'm sorry but I don't think I heard you very well, would you mind repeating that?" 

"I admit defeat..."

"What? I can't hear you."

"I admit defeat."

"What? I-"

"I admit defeat! All right, you win!" Lilith shouted gasping in indignation.