Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Bronze Skin was not the only skill that had met the necessary requirements to evolve as Bai Zemin clearly remembered that the Soul Record informed him that he had two skills that could move to the next level or even to the next Order depending on whether the other skill was at the maximum level or not.

After searching through his skills for a moment, Bai Zemin found that the next skill was actually Health Boost, another Unclassified passive skill.

[Evolution Requirements]

[Health Boost (Unclassified Passive Skill) Level 3 ----> Level 4]

[+100 Health points naturally: Complete]

[Soul Stone: 1/1]

Bai Zemin did not hesitate and evolved Health Boost to the next level. However, he did not stop as immediately after checking the skill he realized that he had the necessary materials to evolve the skill again and met the requirements perfectly.

[Health Boost (Unclassified Passive Skill) Level 4 ----> Level 5]

[+120 Health points naturally: Complete]

[Soul Stone: 3/3]

Bai Zemin looked at the evolution requirements and couldn't help but point out in puzzlement: "What's wrong? These requirements are quite a bit tougher than Bronze Skin's considering Health Boost isn't even ranked yet."

"Different skills, different paths." Lilith reminded him in a casual voice. "Although they are both skills that influence your stats passively, they are two different skills and the final path they will reach will probably be completely different."

"True." Bai Zemin nodded and accepted the evolutionary process.

A similar view to the previous case during the evolution process of Bronze Skin occurred with Health Boost. Bai Zemin could clearly feel how his entire body seemed to intangibly improve after the skill upgrade and even the air entering his body seemed to be slightly purified.

The rune engraved deep within his soul became significantly more vivid and clear than in the past, slowly acquiring a faint light greenish glow.

[Health Boost (Unclassified Passive Skill) Level 5: Permanently increases Health by +60].

Bai Zemin took a casual glance at the skills to see approximately the evolution requirements. After all, if he ended up dying because he didn't know how and when to grow his own power then it would be pathetic and lamentable. Even in death he would not be able to forgive himself.

In the beginning, everything was fine, some skills had strange or complex requirements and some were relatively simpler in comparison. However, Bai Zemin's eyes almost fell out when he saw the evolution requirements of a particular skill.

[Special Forces Soldier (Unclassified Passive Skill) Level 5 - Evolution Requirements]

[Kill Unclassified enemies: 5000/5000]

[Kill First Order enemies: 15/100]

[Kill Second Order enemies: 0/10]

[Third Order Soul Stone: 0/1]

Bai Zemin: "..."

Lilith: "..."

...

The room remained deathly silent for what seemed like an eternity. The silence had reached such a magnitude that from a distance one could hear the constant crackling of the flames still burning over the mutated forest.

After a minute of silence, Bai Zemin asked quietly, "So, what is this all about?"

His voice was soft, as gentle as the spring breeze. However, only he knew if he was so calm as he appeared on the outside.

Lilith cleared her throat slightly and responded calmly, "As I said, each skill is a different world. Some skills might have simpler requirements as there are several upgrades ahead and the difficulty scales slowly. However, there are also skills that reach maybe First Order or Second Order before stopping completely making the difficulty of evolving between each Order incredibly hard."

After a somewhat awkward silence, Bai Zemin sighed and shook his head before standing up to stretch his body.

The first requirement was already completed, the second was simpler since he had the strength but where was he supposed to find so many First Order monsters?

As for Second Order, Bai Zemin didn't dare to say that he could kill an enemy of that level with his current strength. But he had to kill 10 as a third requirement? To make matters worse, he even needed a Third Order Soul Stone.

With his current strength, a Third Order enemy could slap him to death with one finger. But even if he hypothetically managed to kill one with his life at stake, what were the chances of him obtaining a Soul Stone?

"You don't need to worry too much about such things." Lilith stood up and walked past him. While looking out the window, she slowly said, "It hasn't even been two weeks since the Soul Record reached this world. You will have time to achieve different goals and when the world's mana starts to evolve, the strength of your enemies will also increase accordingly so you will be able to hunt at your leisure."

"Hahaha... That's supposed to make me feel better?" Bai Zemin chuckled and shook his head before heading for the exit, "Forget it, Lilith. I'll just do what I can do right now. If I think too much about tomorrow, today might devour me before the day is over."

* * *

The remaining two floors of the library were cleared and the zombie corpses were all moved upstairs before being locked in several rooms with the door firmly sealed.

The sun fell and after nightfall, the survivors who were dealing with the flesh of the First Order beasts or the still useful parts of their bodies returned to the library which would be the temporary place where they would be staying.

Because the crimson flames were flames that came from a Third Order active skill, even after many hours they still burned fiercely. The mutated forest that was plagued with mana due to the existence of the Mana Uterus was resisting the fire with that mana, but it would only be a matter of time before its entirety would turn to ashes and disappear completely.

As long as the flames burned, they had no way to leave the university. However, the atmosphere was very lively at the moment.

Those who worked hard looked with shining eyes at the Blazing Beetle's meat being cooked and swallowed silently.

As a reward, the group leaders had agreed to let them eat as much meat as they wanted, which motivated them to work harder and made them even more excited. After all, the fact that First Order meat improved the body and gave stats was something Wu Yijun had purposely spread among the survivors to make them work harder.

Praise for the four main leaders could be heard from every corner of the main floor. The windows had been sealed with large wooden bookcases and the still functioning electric light was shining in all its splendor.

Thanks to the efforts of the evolved fighters, all the creatures within a few kilometers had been wiped out. Therefore, they did not have to fear that a zombie would suddenly sneak in and threaten their lives.

Compared to life in the gymnasium where they were cramped and restricted, this was certainly a great improvement.

While some were silently delighted and others had shady expressions about the different treatment; Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, Liang Peng, and Wu Yijun were in a separate second floor room having an important meeting about the next move for when the crimson flames were finally extinguished.

Moreover, the current Wu Yijun was no longer the same as before.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com