Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The large cloud of dust and toxic smoke that covered a large part of the sky swirled as Feng Tian Wu's Mana traveled from every part of her body to the palm of her hand extended upward above her head.

From a distance, it was as if a large storm eye was forming in the middle of what appeared to be a huge spiral. Clouds of gas slowly spun, gaining speed faster and faster as the now visible sky lit up with the eruption of what appeared to be a second sun.

Watching the great phenomenon frightening enough to be mistaken for a natural catastrophe of a magnitude never before seen in full formation, Robinson choked as he said hoarsely, "Who... Whats the story with that woman's magical power?"

Even a mage as powerful as Anderson was overwhelmed as he felt the steady flow of magic enveloping and swirling around the slightly reddish-haired woman in the sky.

"Feng Tian Wu." Angelo said as with his eyes now closed he looked up at the sky. "There are only two tremendously strong fire mages in your faction, aren't there Bai Zemin? And they both happen to be father and daughter."

"That's right. She is Feng Tian Wu." Bai Zemin did not hide it as it did not make sense to begin with. Even if the Americans knew Feng Tian Wu's identity it didn't change anything at all. "I'm curious to know how powerful she is now."

"... I heard you led a small team into outer space for some kind of major operation." Angelo nodded as if he understood something but asked no questions about it.

As the heat from the surroundings grew, Bai Zemin couldn't help but notice how the ground beneath his feet slowly but surely began to tremble.

"Angelo, call off your troops. This battlefield is no longer one they can take part of." He said in a serious voice as he looked off into the distance.

Despite his lost sight, Angelo could still notice how the shaking of the ground was being generated from the location of the nine mountains as its center.

Soon, all the human troops began to retreat and only the most powerful ones were left behind to fight against the few dragons that were still alive. With Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Shilin joining the attack it would not be long before all the dragons fell lifeless from the sky, and thanks to Nangong Lingxin the number of human losses was greatly reduced.

While all this was going on, Feng Tian Wu seemed to be in her own personal world. Even the dragons did not come near to disturb her as they felt the terrifying magical power constantly exploding outward from her charming body.

Approximately 1 minute later, a huge blood-red fireball had formed in the sky. 

The heat was so overwhelming that even someone like Robinson who was a purely physical warrior was sweating fiercely.

Feng Tian Wu looked at Bai Zemin, and seeing him nod she also nodded before calmly looking up at the nine mountains.

She waved her hand slowly in fall, and the huge fireball followed her movement.

Rumble!!!

As the giant fireball descended from the sky under Feng Tian Wu's command, the ground began to sink lower and lower without even being touched by it.

"Thank god we're a great distance away from that thing." Eleanora couldn't help but complain as she wiped the sweat from her forehead.

Soon, something surprising happened.

When the giant fireball was about 50 meters away from one of the nine mountains, a deep blue barrier appeared in the shape of a dome covering the nine mountains. Furthermore, as if responding to Feng Tian Wu's magical attack, the deep-sleeping beast seemed to wake up as countless larger and larger rock fragments broke off from the "mountains".

When one of the stones near the top fell, the pupils of all the elites present contracted fiercely as their eyes met a large golden eye staring back at them.

"F-Father..." Bai Shilin swallowed as she took several steps back until she stopped next to the only person who could currently make her feel safe. 

Bai Zemin gently stroked his little daughter's straight hair as he looked at the surroundings and calmly said, "Shilin is scared?"

All the dragons had been wiped out, and the battlefield was littered with human corpses and dragon corpses as well. 

"N-No..." Bai Shilin shook her head without much conviction. 

Bai Zemin tilted his head slightly to look at her before staring at the golden eye. He failed to notice that the nine mountains were trembling more and more as Feng Tian Wu's magic attack tried to destroy the defensive barrier, and now there was not only one golden eye but there were several.

"It's okay to be frightened." Bai Zemin said as he patted her on the head.

"I-It is...?" Bai Shilin raised her head to look at him and said in a gentle voice, "But, my Father is never scared..."

Bai Zemin subconsciously laughed good-naturedly at Bai Shilin's words as he said, "Who said your Father is never scared? My dear Shilin, listen carefully... There is no one who is not afraid, and if someone says they are not afraid of anything it is because they have not yet encountered that something or someone that makes them fear."

The universe was so big that there were definitely incredible things out there.

Even the strongest wouldn't dare jump into a black hole or into the space of nothingness where the lightning of the void struck fiercely, right? They did not do so because they knew the consequences and feared them.

Bai Shilin's eyes widened in surprise as she said as if she couldn't believe it: "Father is scared too? But, Father is so strong..."

"Oh, Father is very strong but he is still afraid of many things." Bai Zemin took a step forward and tilted his posture so that his left foot was in front of his right. With Annihilation of the Falling Sky in its spear form firmly grasped by his two hands, he half-closed his eyes at the nine dragon heads revealed, "When Shilin grows up she will understand many things... For now let Father take care of the bad guy, okay?"

After a moment of silence, Bai Shilin nodded prettily and obediently stepped back, "Okay."Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

She didn't say anything similar to "Father, take care of yourself" or "Promise me you'll come back." In Bai Shilin's mind and heart her father was the most powerful person of all and would never lose against anyone; not even the big monster who was now looking at them as if he was looking at a couple of insignificant ants.

"Bad monster! You wait and see how Shilin's father cuts off your head in an instant!" She shook her little fist as she shouted out loud with a serious expression on her young face.

"Well, I don't think one head is enough..." Nangong Lingxin muttered to herself with a face as pale as a sheet as she looked at the colossal beast in the distance.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin's serious profile and although she wanted to say something no words came out of her mouth. This was a very different battle from the one they had fought against Thao Zhi; just the eyes of the beast about to break free were enough to make her records petrified.

Realizing her own weakness and inability to help a person so important to her, probably more important than she thought, Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but look at Feng Tian Wu as she recalled her harsh but honest words at the beginning of the ride.

To Bai Zemin, the world seemed to have disappeared for a few brief seconds. All that was in his line of sight was the great beast over 100 kilometers away and what surrounded him.

The blue defensive barrier was so powerful that Feng Tian Wu's magic attack was still struggling to break through it and had only managed to leave several cracks on the surface. 

Boom! Boom! Boom!

As the earth trembled due to the constant explosions caused by the two skills, shockwaves and white-colored lightning flew everywhere from the impact center.

Even the world's spatial barrier twisted slightly, making it clear that if it were not for the fact that the Earth was now a world in its Third Stage of Evolution, it would not be able to withstand so much magical pressure.

Another very important thing that Bai Zemin noticed was that not all the heads of the beast were the same. In fact, at a glance he noticed that five heads were different not only in terms of color but also had runes or patterns engraved along the neck while the other four were the same.

1 Red Head.

1 Black Head.

1 White Head.

1 Green Head.

1 Blue Head.

4 Yellow Heads.

Bai Zemin didn't quite know what each head represented but he was smart enough to understand that if he wanted to win he would have to learn the attack patterns of his enemy; and most likely the color of each head was the answer.

At the end of the day, Bai Zemin could not kill the enemy in front of him unless he was willing to be stuck at level 100 for life.

,m The evolution requirements were strict, and the Soul Record pointed out to Bai Zemin that to evolve to Third Order he needed to use Record Devastation on the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon and strip the beast of his deepest records.

"Great. Now not only do I have to face off against a Fourth Order beast most likely at max level but also play detective while I'm at it. Better yet, I can't kill my enemy." Bai Zemin couldn't help but laugh at his clearly precarious situation.

A minute or two later, the beast finally broke free; his heads, at least.

The nine heads writhed like snakes and their murderous intent created a crimson aura around them. 

Even people like Robinson and the others felt their hearts stop for a brief moment. Their faces turned so pale that it was as if all the blood in their bodies had been drained.

"Go back! Everyone, move back!" Angelo waved his hand and screamed urgently.

Every pore of his body screamed and cried danger. This was the first time since he began his evolution that Angelo felt such a high-level amount of mortal danger that he felt helpless!

"Bai Zemin, that beast can't attack yet! Its body will be released soon and only then can it be let loose!"

Eleanora's voice answered Bai Zemin's question regarding why the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon wasn't launching any attacks.

"Thanks for the information, brat." Bai Zemin muttered as he leaned forward even more.

Bang!

With the activation of Crimson Flame, Bai Zemin's entire body including his spear were enveloped by a bright deep red flame.

From the sky, Feng Tian Wu frowned harder and harder as beads of sweat fell from her forehead. Finally after another minute, she looked at Bai Zemin and called out, "I can't control it anymore!"

"Can you break through the barrier?"

"I'm afraid I'm not that confident but I can try!" She shouted in response. The winds around her were hot and fierce, add this to the constant explosions getting louder and louder and it was hard to hear anything unless she shouted, "I can only use this kind of attack once unless I activate that skill!"

"Well then only one time it shall be!" Bai Zemin shouted in a deep voice. "Little Fire, come out to play and show the world your new strength!"

In response, he felt a slight tickle in a certain spot in his soul similar to a child trying to poke him as if having fun after a long time of being locked up.

Very soon, a deep blue-colored flame that was even deeper than before came out from Bai Zemin's chest and slowly began to cover his entire body. The crimson-colored flame was devoured by the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, and unlike the neon purple flame that used to form before when the two flames joined together this time the purple was much darker and not bright at all.

This would be the first battle of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame whose power had finally evolved to the Fourth Order.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3