Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Wu Yijun was a beautiful woman but by no means a vase that only served to display her beauty as an ornament; she was also a very intelligent and capable woman in her own right. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

While she had not been useful in combat, from the first moment she was rescued from the female dormitory along with the rest of the survivors, Wu Yijun had demonstrated that even without the care or recommendation of Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He she also had certain credibility that allowed her to participate in important meetings and contribute to decision making.

So far, the ideas Wu Yijun had put forward that had been implemented as a rule or as a push to increase work effectiveness, maintain order, or even to inflict fear and keep troublemakers at bay had not been just once or twice.

Precisely for that reason, no one was particularly against her getting a little special treatment. After all, although she wasn't contributing physical labor, she was constantly coming up with brilliant and innovative ideas that were necessary for this new world where conventional thinking wasn't necessarily correct.

However, under the astonished gaze of Bai Zemin, Liang Peng, and Chen He, Wu Yijun demonstrated that she was now not only a beautiful woman with a brilliant mind, but also able to stand up for herself.

While standing in the center of the room and under the gaze of the four most powerful people in this group, Wu Yijun pointed to a plant in the corner of the room and the approximately one-meter tall plant shuddered.

After receiving a stimulus of some kind, the plant that was standing still suddenly shook fiercely and a leaf covered by a strange pale green aura shot out at full speed towards the opposite wall.

Bang!

The hard and firm concrete wall of the university library, which had been standing unshaken for so many years, was pierced by a plant leaf as if instead of a leaf it was a bullet.

Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow and walked over to check, but before he could get too close the pale green energy disappeared and the small leaf gently glided through the air before falling to the ground, leaving a small hole in the wall along with tiny cracks that stretched for an inch or two with the impact site as the center.

"This..." Liang Peng was dumbfounded and quickly ran forward to pick up the leaf. He looked at it several times and even threw it against the wall as if to check that it really was a normal leaf.

Chen He looked at Wu Yijun and said in surprise: "That was great! Yijun, when did you obtain such a powerful skill?"

Wu Yijun's face was slightly pale and some beads of sweat had started to form on her forehead. However, she had a beautiful smile that seemed to blossom happiness as she looked at her best friend with grateful eyes and slowly said, "It came from Bing Xue. She didn't come back right away back then to defeat a First Order beast and obtain a skill scroll for me."

Liang Peng looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with a bearish face and snorted, "So you didn't come back to obtain a personal loot? And if things had gone wrong because of that what? You can take responsibility?"

Bai Zemin also looked at Shangguan Bing Xue, waiting for her next reply.

Just when Chen He wanted to say something, she indifferently remarked, "The one who risked her life was me, not you. I don't want someone who is practically useless telling me what is right or wrong..." She paused momentarily and pointed out, "Besides, wasn't Bai Zemin there?"

"I didn't know you trusted me so much?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow and commented casually.

"It's not about trust or distrust." Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head and looked at him with indifferent eyes before recalling, "It's about facts. Until now, even though you are sometimes a brute, you always stood your ground and have never once lost. Back then, when we came up with the plan to wipe out the mutated forest and the First Order beasts, your voice seemed indifferent but you were brimming with confidence. Not confidence based on arrogance, but confidence in your own intelligence coupled with your personal strength."

The room fell silent after those words and different glances fell upon her. After all, her previous comment was really strange.

Lilith's seductive voice sounded next to Bai Zemin: "Looks like someone has paid quite a bit of attention to you hehe~"

Bai Zemin secretly shook his head.

In fact, Shangguan Bing Xue had not only been observing him; she had been observing everyone carefully since day number 1; costumes, habits, skills, weaknesses... Everything.

To know how to move according to possible consequences... Really a very impressive and terrifying woman...

"Forget it." Bai Zemin waved a hand and did not linger on that topic. After all, it was true that the person who had risked her life to obtain that scroll was Shangguan Bing Xue herself and the plan did not include her in the battle against the First Order beasts so she had not broken any rules of the group.

"Wu Yijun, you are currently level 0, aren't you?" He asked as looked at her face slowly regaining its color after an abrupt expenditure of mana.

She blushed and said somewhat embarrassed, "Yes... Level 0... With my current Mana, I can use my skill only twice because the consumption is too great for my current self."

Although Wu Yijun had obtained a powerful skill scroll, her level was too low and control over mana was simply deficient. However, as long as she had a little courage, it would only be a matter of time before she rose to become a powerful evolved fighter capable of contributing not only with her brain and ideas but also her personal combat strength.

"I see... Well, congratulations." Bai Zemin smiled slightly and nodded, "I hope with all my heart that you will become stronger."

He did not ask what skill she had as it would be extremely impolite and to some extent break the balance that had formed in the group after living together for almost half a month. Besides, if he asked that question, he would also have to reveal information about his own ability, which was not profitable from his point of view.

Still, Bai Zemin was really happy and did not say those words casually. After all, if Wu Yijun became stronger, the more help he would have to start moving when they left the university once the sea of crimson flames was extinguished.

Chen He took a step forward and with a serious face proposed, "How about now we start discussing what we will do when we leave here?"

Everyone's gaze changed slightly, as this was a giant checkpoint and too important.

Currently, they had all formed a group to increase the chances of survival and to not let their own race be wiped out by the other races. However, upon leaving the university, they would not necessarily all take the same path, and the chances of splitting up to walk different pathways were very high as well.

The only person who was 100% calm in reality was Bai Zemin.