Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

It had been about a year, little more, since Bai Zemin had obtained the Endless Blue Lotus Flame and formed a Soul Contract with it. 

During all this time he had given everything he could to feed his comrade who supported him not only on the battlefield but also when it came to blacksmithing when it came to forging new equipment for either himself or his team. However, feeding a flame that once had the power to stretch to the ends of the universe and burn endlessly was no simple task.

Starting from Unclassified Soul Stones, all Bai Zemin managed to do was to maintain the existence of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame. As for the First Order Soul Stones, they barely did anything to increase the power of the flame.

It was only from the Second Order Soul Stones onwards that the Endless Blue Lotus Flame really began to grow stronger, but Bai Zemin did not have enough of them to give all of his treasure to the flame. Even if he wanted to do so, as a leader he had to think of his entire faction and not just himself. Therefore, the growth of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was really slow.

However, when Bai Zemin became powerful enough to fight and kill Third Order enemies things picked up significantly. Although he could not feed his companion with all the ones he got as they were even now a very high-level treasure, a good portion was used by him to boost his friend's power.

Finally, about 2 weeks ago, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame that had been stuck for a long time being a Third Order flame finally broke through to the next level of power.

As for how powerful the current Endless Blue Lotus Flame was?

"We'll find out soon enough." Bai Zemin bowed like a tiger with his left hand now resting on the ground and his two feet ready to pounce with his right hand firmly holding Annihilation of the Falling Sky behind him. "Do it now!"

His voice was like a thunder rumbling in the sky, and as if she had waited for those words all her life Feng Tian Wu finally clenched her palm into a fist.

"Explode!"

What happened next was one of the most terrifying explosions everyone present had ever seen to the point where the previous nuclear missile paled in comparison.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!!!

Red flames flew everywhere but everyone's vision turned white as the ground collapsed.

RUMBLE!!!!!!

The sky seemed to split as it wailed at the power of the terrifying explosion, and even from the distance of over 100 kilometers the most powerful evolvers on Earth felt their ears buzz and their heads go blank. It was as if a 1000-kilogram hammer had hit them directly in the back of the head after a mighty swing.

Being all soul evolvers of the highest level in terms of potential and talent, however, this kind of surprisingly terrifying situation did not block their survival senses.

"Shield of the King!"

"Impenetrable Energy Barrier!"

"Earth Barrier!"

"Ice Wall!"

"Ice Shield!"

Andrea, Nangong Lingxin, Anderson, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Bai Shilin; all five of them activated their magic skills and did not care about Mana consumption at all.

Two or three seconds later, the shockwave accompanied by a fierce arc of flames over 200 meters high struck against the first defensive barrier.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

Andrea gritted her teeth, then cried out for a few seconds as she used everything she had to keep her increasingly cracked barrier standing. 

Boom!!!

With the Shield of the King erected by Andrea out of play, next up was Nangong Lingxin's barrier. However, even the Impenetrable Energy Barrier only lasted a little longer than Andrea's defensive skill before it was shattered into pieces.

The flames were pushed out by a constant series of explosions that caused terrifying shockwaves and destroyed barrier after barrier. 

Shangguan Bing Xue's platinum white hair danced messily behind her as hot air blew through the cracks in her Ice Wall. She gritted her teeth and with steadfast eyes gave it her all, but even then it wasn't enough.

Boom!

"You won't get through!" Bai Shilin controlled over 500 Ice Shields to envelop the weakened flames and did her best to not let them out.

"Shilin, you can do it!" 

"Come on little girl, you can do it!"

...

Scared to death, Nangong Lingxin and Robinson shouted their encouragement to Bai Shilin.

However, the power of Feng Tian Wu's flames powered by practically 80% of her Mana and all of her magical power besides the constant shockwaves was nothing to scoff at.

"N-No!" Bai Shilin cried out with tear-filled eyes as she saw the cracks growing larger and larger in her shields and desperately tried to repair them.

Just when it looked like Bai Shilin's shields were going to be destroyed, Shangguan Bing Xue slashed forward with her sword.

"No!"

"Are you crazy?!"

"Bastard!"

...

Seeing what she was doing everyone went crazy and looked at her in shock.

"Blizzard!" Shangguan Bing Xue bellowed, completely disregarding everyone around her.

The great slash of her sword suddenly flashed and countless ice particles gathered in silver light. 

Bai Shilin's shields were easily cut through and the flames immediately rushed forward as if they wanted to devour them at once. However, they could barely advance as all the frost energy from the Blizzard skill was released the moment the silver light hit them.

SWOOOOOOOOSH!!!

The frozen energy trapped the tremendously weakened flames, enclosing them little by little in a huge wall of ice that stood more than 40 meters high.

Robinson and the others had their eyes wide open as they looked at the huge ice sculpture, and just as they thanked the heavens for being alive they heard a dragon roar.

However, this was not just any dragon roar; it was a roar that carried overwhelming pain and irreconcilable anger.

Roaaaaaaaaaarrr!!!

It was only then that everyone remembered Bai Zemin, and as they looked to where he had been seconds before they realized that not only was he no longer there but the entire ground around him was cracked as if something tremendously powerful had crushed it.

As if by prior agreement, they all jumped up and stood on top of the large irregular ice sculpture. 

It was then that they saw something they could never in their lives forget.

"Oh... My... God..." Eleanora muttered with wide eyes.

The shock was visible in everyone's pupils as it was reflected as one of the nine heads of the terrifying dragon now free fell seemingly in slow motion from the sky.

Amidst the blue-colored particles of the magic barrier shattered by Feng Tian Wu's flames and amidst what was a fiery crimson flame hell, the more than 500-meter-long head slowly fell. 

There was only a small spot of especially striking deep purple color in the sky just beyond where the neck cut into two pieces.

"It hurts! It really hurts!!! Hahahahahaha!!! How long has it been since I felt pain!!!!"

Using Shadow Control to turn his shadow into ash-gray wings, Bai Zemin wrapped in the purple flames born from the union of his Crimson Flame skill and the Endless Blue Lotus Flame remained suspended in the sky amidst the hell of crimson flames.

Hearing the mighty imposing voice of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, Bai Zemin felt his mind go blank for a brief moment; that's how loud the beast's roar had been.

Even worse, when he noticed the joy in the monster's voice he couldn't help but frown.

Soon, Bai Zemin's bad feeling came true.

He narrowed his eyes, and a bead of sweat fell down his forehead as he said with a smile that wasn't a smile, "Of course..."

There was no way it could be that easy!

Under his wide-eyed eyes, the white head of the eight heads still standing moved and let out a strange roar that sounded more like a shriek in comparison. The golden eyes of the white head glowed, and soon the entire body of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon took on a silvery glow.

What happened next was as if time was moving backwards.

The green-colored head that Bai Zemin had managed to cut into two pieces using the power of his spear, the thrusting power that contained all of his Strength increased to practically double thanks to Overlap Regeneration, and the power of his purple flame; it stopped falling, floated, and rejoined the severed neck.

As Bai Zemin watched the nine heads swinging in front of him he couldn't help but feel small as a speck of dust in the middle of the vast universe. 

18 eyes stared at him while a dignified and firm voice echoed in the surroundings with a certain echo: "You were able to hurt me despite being a small human, a Second Order human at that... Let me give you a dignified death in return."

At the same time as Bai Zemin felt the entire area heat up and his body began to sweat, the crimson red giant head moved back as the neck tilted back. 

The large dragon mouth of the redhead opened revealing a huge fireball that didn't seem to be much smaller to the one Feng Tian Wu had used before: "To die before the Dragon Emperor is your honor!"

"Dodge, quick!" Eleanora's anxious and fearful voice sounded from the small intercom that Bai Zemin wore inside his right ear.

However, Bai Zemin did not dodge as he was supposed to.

To begin with, this level of attack was comparable to that of a nuclear bomb. If he simply dodged all the attacks to come then the entire world would probably end up being destroyed by this monster.

"Die? Heh." Bai Zemin's face was covered in sweat as the huge fireball that seemed to be a sun itself flew towards him. 

The difference in size between the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon's magic attack and Bai Zemin was so huge that it wasn't even worth mentioning.

"Relax, I won't kill you." Bai Zemin flapped his wings and lunged forward while stabbing with his spear. 

A whirlwind of deep blue fire shot out from the tip of his spear.

The whirlwind of blue fire was as large as a giant building, but in comparison to the great fireball, it still paled in comparison.

However, when the whirlwind of blue flames and the huge crimson sun met it was as if some kind of bomb had exploded inside the flames of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

With a puff-like sound, the crimson flames burst outward giving way to the blue whirlwind and dying out an instant later.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The great nine-headed dragon had no time to do anything and under his wide eyes, he was hit directly on the white head by the deep blue flames.

This time the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon's roar of pain was a hundred times more terrifying than the previous one.

Amidst the smoke caused by the explosion and the sparks of blue flames flying everywhere, the white head was fiercely struck in the jaw and the neck was forced back more than 60 meters.

However, under Bai Zemin's practically narrowed eyes in a thin line, the white head glowed again, and just like before all wounds disappeared without a trace in just a second.

"You won't kill me?" The 9-Headed Immortal Dragon's voice rang out all around as all the necks surrounded Bai Zemin and stared at him. "Of course, you won't kill me. Because you can't... You can't kill an immortal being, human."

Bai Zemin had finally discovered the secret of the beast before him and the reason behind the name '9-Headed Immortal Dragon', therefore, he mocked, "Immortal? Immortal my ass. I won't kill you but I will make you suffer a fate far worse than death!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3