Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A/N: Guys, this chapter is full of mistakes since I don't have time to edit it now. I will do it as soon as I get to my country since I could only write at the airport. I am sorry for this!

* * *

Bai Zemin thought that after having discovered the secret behind the apparent immortality of the '9-Headed Immortal Dragon' everything would be easier, but nothing could be further from the cruel reality.

During the first five minutes he again launched all kinds of attacks towards the white head, but what he discovered was something that did not please him at all.

Those four equal yellow heads were the big problem opposing Bai Zemin's victory.

"Void Fist!" he roared as with his right hand he swung Annihilation of the Falling Sky in a wide arc, shooting purple flames in the form of a wave to meet the fire-like attack of the red head.

At the same time as the purple flames and the great red sun collided, creating a terrifying explosion of heat in the process, Bai Zemin struck at lightning speed with his left fist accumulating over 5000 marks in an instant.

The sky rumbled as the great fist seemed to shatter the spacetime barrier, hitting the white head in an instant. However, just as the big fist was about to hit its target, one of the yellow colored heads appeared as if by magic in front of the white head.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

The most amazing thing of all was that despite the yellow head being pushed back ferociously and hitting the white head, the damage it received was virtually ignorable and with a shriek from the white head all damage caused disappeared as if it had never been there in the first place.

This was something that had been happening repeatedly, and no matter what kind of attack Bai Zemin used the four yellow colored heads with incredibly high defense took it upon themselves to hinder him time and time again.

Now over 150 kilometers away, Shangguan Bing Xue and the others watched the ongoing battle with wide eyes.

"Impressive!" Robinson clenched his fists tightly as he said in a trembling voice, "That Bai Zemin guy is really managing to attack even while dodging and fending off attacks from the other heads of that damn monster."

"I wonder how long he can hold on though." Andrea sighed.

"My father will win!" Bai Shilin looked at her and although her face was as angelic as a little baby's the murderous intent that shone in her beautiful black eyes laid bare that she was not to be trifled with at all.

Andrea could only force a smile and remain silent. The girl obviously loved her father madly and if anyone said anything remotely bad about him it would immediately draw her agro.

However, Andrea's few words were left floating in the air and the adults who could understand things better knew that what she said was true.

What Bai Zemin was doing was not a simple task at all. In fact, to be able to keep fighting with such intensity for over 20 minutes was a feat none of them could replicate.

Looking at the hell of red-purple fire in the distance as well as the constant lightning flashes that were unleashed and struck the earth with every explosion that shook the sky, Nangong Lingxin couldn't help but say through gritted pearly teeth, "We really can't help him? Didn't he bring us here because he had faith in our strength?"

In response to Nangong Lingxin's words, a voice that was neither too loud nor too soft sounded behind, "My advice is not to think about such things, if you try to get involved you will only end up being a problem sooner rather than later."

Everyone turned to see Feng Tian Wu watching the battle in the sky with steady eyes that showed neither sadness nor joy.

"You...!" Nangong Lingxin gritted her teeth and glared at her angrily as she said in a higher tone of voice than normal, "Surnamed Feng, I think the title of Ice Queen would suit you better than Shangguan Bing Xue. You don't even show the slightest sympathy to your companions when you die! Are you still a human being? Do you have red blood running through your veins? I'm beginning to have my doubts about it!"

Actually, Nangong Lingxin did not like Feng Tian Wu at all. In fact, she was one of those who was not particularly happy when she learned that Bai Zemin was willing to consume a terrifying amount of resources and take the risk of traveling to outer space to save her life.

This was because being one of the faction's leading soul evolvers, Nangong Lingxin had had the opportunity to team up with Feng Tian Wu repeatedly. However, Feng Tian Wu and team were two words that were better off in different sentences and paragraphs.

Feng Tian Wu looked at Nangong Lingxin with genuine confusion for a few seconds before calmly saying, "Why are you getting angry? I am simply telling the truth after analyzing the situation. It's in this kind of situation that we should keep our heads clear and not get carried away by emotions."

"Pure bullshit." Nangong Lingxin scoffed and stopped paying attention to him but not before saying, "Beautiful and powerful as you are, I pity the poor man who dares to want to spend his life together with you. You would probably analyze the life and death situation and judge them if he's worth risking for, wouldn't you Miss Clear Head?"

Feng Tian Wu looked at Nangong Lingxin's back silently as she tried to understand what she was doing wrong. 

Unlike in the past, she hated playing with people's feelings because she understood that doing such a thing not only made no sense but also didn't make her feel particularly good after knowing the consequences of her actions. Therefore, she had always tried to analyze the situation she was in so that she and others would suffer as little as possible.

Apparently, however, this was also wrong... and she couldn't quite understand why.

Shangguan Bing Xue disregarded everything the others said or did. Her beautiful sky blue eyes looked at the small purple dot of light in the darkening sky battling against the colossal nine-headed monster, and without her realizing it she had clenched her fists so tightly that her fingernails dug into her palm causing lines of blood to run down her hands.

"Mother..." Bai Shilin gave her a worried look and whispered under her breath before turning her clear eyes back to the batala in progress. She was no fool at all, and from the attitude and words of the others she understood that this was a very difficult battle even for her beloved father. However, Bai Shilin's faith in Bai Zemin was not shaken at all and in her eyes it was absolutely and utterly impossible for anyone or anything to defeat the one she most admired and her goal to pursue.

Shangguan Bing Xue was so focused on the battle raging in the sky and her own conflicting emotions that she naturally failed to hear Bai Shilin's worried whisper, but she certainly heard Lilith's taunting words ringing in her head just then.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"How is it, little brat? Now do you understand the difference between you and me?" Lilith let out that giggle that was so characteristic of her. "I will not hesitate at all to kill that little nine-headed lizard if the man I love really is on the verge of death. You, on the other hand, aren't even capable of beating yourself.... Look, you're not even the one he trusts anymore. Your role is over here."

Shangguan Bing Xue, surprised, raised her head and looked to the side just in time to see Eleanora shouting toward the communicator in her hand.

"It's going to attack with the green-colored head!"

Shangguan Bing Xue immediately turned to look up at the sky an instant before the green head of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon spat out a huge toxic fog that in a matter of blinks enveloped Bai Zemin and the surrounding area.

However, thanks to Eleanora's early warning, Bai Zemin managed to protect himself in time. He fueled the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame with his Mana and then used Overlap Regeneration again, this time to increase both his Magic and Agility while with a pair of fierce flaps he moved away from the area affected by the green head's attack.

It was then that the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon noticed something was wrong: ".... You little bastard, how can you get ahead of my moves?"

Bai Zemin coldly snorted and in an instant soared over 7000 meters as he slammed his spear into the heads that were trying to swallow him alive.

He naturally wasn't going to tell the beast that apart from his skill Predicted Danger Sense he had the support of an extraordinary soul evolver capable of reading thoughts.

After getting rid of all the heads and destroying both the green head and the blue colored head to soar into the sky, Bai Zemin was not surprised when the white head protected by the four tough yellow colored heads acted as a shield completely healing the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon.

If not for the fact that he had a plan the feeling of despair would have swallowed him up by now.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3