Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

More than 2 hours had passed since the battle between Bai Zemin and the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon had begun. However, even after all this time, the fight between the two beings showed no signs of being near its end at all.

In fact, with each passing minute, things were getting bloodier and bloodier to the point where the Earth's space barrier was showing signs of tearing in some parts of the sky.

The blue color that so characterized the sky of the beautiful planet Earth had long since changed its shade. After the constant releases of flames by the redhead of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon which were filled with magical power and mana, the world took longer to absorb them than the beast fired them so that at this point the sky was a sea of red flames with deep purple tones.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

After a clash between Annihilation of the Falling Sky and one of the yellow-colored heads with monstrously high defense, the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon was forced to take more than 5 steps backwards. 

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!!...

Each step of the beast caused the lava-covered ground to tremble fiercely as huge craters over 300 meters in diameter and over 20 meters deep were easily formed.

As for Bai Zemin, he too was forced to retreat only half a step into the sky.

​ With Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of a greatsword being firmly grasped by his bleeding hands, Bai Zemin took two quick deep breaths to steady his heartbeat as he coldly stared at his enemy.

It was as if the two had come to some sort of agreement, and instead of continuing to attack each other with as much ferocity as before they simply looked each other in the eye as if they wanted to pre-empt the other's move to put an end once and for all to this great 1 vs 1 fight.

From a distance, the American troops looked on in fear, admiration, reverence, and above all disbelief; disbelief directed at the small human who was single-handedly managing to fight without looking at all lesser than a beast as massive and terrifying as the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon.

"That man... Is he still human?" Andrea couldn't stop the sock in her heart from growing as she looked at that winged figure standing firmly in the sky with his back straight as a tower and the grip on his weapon as strong as it was at the beginning. 

"... He aspires to be the strongest in the universe after all." Eleanora commented calmly as her beautiful blue eyes stared at the man she not so long ago despised and came to even hate but whom she was now beginning to genuinely respect and admire.

"The strongest in the universe..." Jack sighed.

Angelo still couldn't see but the sound of each explosion comparable to a nuclear detonation as well as the rumbling of the sky and shaking of the ground were more than enough details for him to understand that the kind of battle that was being fought now more than 150 kilometers away was one he could not get into.

Even if he were to pay the highest price of all in exchange for power, his life, Angelo still wasn't 100% confident that he could kill the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon that Bai Zemin had stood his ground against for over 2 hours so far.

"... Maybe he really can go that far." 

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Angelo was proud, and he definitely had the right to be proud. But being proud didn't mean being blinded by said pride, he could at least admit when someone was superior... In fact, the difference was simply too big not to admit it.

"Die!"

"Haven't you realized that you can't kill me, Human Emperor?!"

Two roars sounded in the distance, and a moment later a terrifying explosion that for a second silenced the entire world released a white light that spread tens and tens of kilometers blocking everyone's vision.

RUMBLE!!!!!

The sky rumbled, and when the blinding white light disappeared everyone saw Bai Zemin with his greatsword firmly grasped clashing against the black head.

Black lightning shot out from the black head, fiercely lashing Bai Zemin's body and causing white smoke to rise from inside his armor. However, Bai Zemin's eyes were fierce like a beast and refusing to retreat he continued to press forward.

The space around the point where the golden greatsword and the black head collided twisted furiously and small black cracks with golden edges constantly formed. Fortunately, Earth's space law was strong enough to repair such cracks faster than they could form and spread.

"You're just a small dragon, don't be so arrogant!"

The body of Bai Zemin was surrounded by the characteristic halo of golden light belonging to Overlap Regeneration, however, from the pores of his body was constantly released a strange black smoke that did not stop spreading and by this point already covered an area of more than 2 kilometers in length and width; enveloping even the giant dragon inside.

His body seemed to be wrapped in gold but the black mist that surrounded him along with the slightly red glow of his eyes, as well as the image of the crimson wolf behind him no longer allowed him to look like a god as in the past in every Overlap Regeneration activation. Quite the contrary, anyone who saw the current Bai Zemin would mistake him for a demon god fresh out of hell.

Through Soul Manipulation, Bai Zemin's Regeneration skill had been raised by 1 whole Order and therefore Overlap Regeneration had also been upgraded. The current him could use the points from one of his natural stats to increase two other stats, and he was currently fighting with +14000 points of Agility and +13900 points of Strength.

However, this was not all.

With the second activation 'God of War's Partial Possession' of the passive skill God of War's Will being triggered, Bai Zemin's magical and physical attack power had received a boost of nearly 1000 points. On the other hand, as a consequence, he began to disdain his enemy to the point of being somewhat careless with his defense and more focused on attack.

The irony was that while Bai Zemin disdained his enemy, the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon now respected him to the point of calling him 'Human Emperor' as a sign that he was treating him as his equal in terms of status.

In other words, while Bai Zemin was now receiving wounds more and more often, the wounds suffered by the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon were less thanks to his now elevated caution.

Even so, Bai Zemin's attacks were so fierce that regardless of whether it was physical or magical attack power all of his attacks dealt great wounds to his enemy regardless of his wariness towards him.

In fact, in terms of physical attack power, he was slightly below the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon. However, this was where the black smoke coming from his body came into play.

That black smoke was actually the skill Dark Mist that Bai Zemin had learned when he reached the Second Order, and one of the effects of this skill was to decrease the physical attack power of all enemies within the affected area by 10% regardless of any difference.

A pity, however, the power of the Emperor Wolf Domain did not work on the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon. 

The Emperor Wolf Domain had only one requirement to work and weaken the enemy by 20%; the user needed to have killing intent greater than that of the enemy. In this case, it seemed that Bai Zemin's killing intent and that of his enemy were equal, therefore, after the first attempt at the beginning of the battle he did not try to activate the Domain again.

Suddenly, the skill Predicted Danger Sense of Bai Zemin made his brain hurt as it went off at the same time as Eleanora's voice sounded in his right ear, "Ice Attack on its way!"

Out of the corner of his eye, as he collided with the black head, Bai Zemin saw the blue head open its mouth and gather huge amounts of sky blue lightning just a blink before a terrifying frosty dragon breath struck both him and the black head mercilessly.

The entire black head and half of the black head's neck were enclosed in a thick layer of ice after the freezing ray hit. In addition, right in the forehead area was another smaller ice statue.

The whole area had frozen over, even the red flames had disappeared leaving nothing but the purple flames burning even within the ice.

For a few seconds, the only sound that could be heard was the sound of the cold wind blowing fiercely and the sound of the now eight heads of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon moving slightly staring at the smaller ice statue.

Crack... Crack... Crack...

The cracking sound became louder and louder as thicker and thicker cracks covered the entire black head and the frozen neck part. Finally, the cracks also extended to the small human-shaped ice statue and an instant later the head, neck, and human form encased in ice exploded.

Boom!!!

From small glowing fragments to huge blocks, massive amounts of ice rained down from the sky after both statues exploded. 

Except for half of the neck down, the entire black head had disappeared without a trace.

Swoosh!

Like a ghost, Bai Zemin whose appearance was similar to that of a demon god showed up right in front of the white head. 

With just over 14000 Agility points coupled with the fact that his Bloodsurge Breastplate of Ice Magic increased his movement speed by 50% when facing enemies 100 levels or more above him, the speed of Bai Zemin was an inch away from breaking the sound barrier. 

He was so fast that even the laws of the world took a moment to realize that what had been frozen was not him but a residual image so there was no way the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon could keep up with him!

Even so, however, his disdain for his enemy had made him pay a small not so small price during the attack of the bluehead.

With his left arm trapped in a thick layer of ice that was slowly beginning to spread, Bai Zemin slashed fiercely with his greatsword towards the white head: "Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth!!!"

Purple flames blazed above Annihilation of the Falling Sky causing a great whirlwind of fire to shoot forward in mid-swing.

Rumble...!!!!

Just as the name of the skill said, the sky rumbled and the earth shook even before hitting its target.

Looking at the huge purple sword slashing towards the vulnerable white head, Chen He said with a faint smile, "He will definitely become the strongest... Bing Xue and I have seen him grow up since day 1, and I must admit that I have yet to meet someone so tenacious and cruel towards oneself; even willing to gamble his life for the sake of gaining 1 extra stat point during a sleepless night."

Long Tian sneered in the sky no more than 5 kilometers from where Bai Zemin and the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon were fighting, "A puny little human dares to fight a dragon... Really. Some people don't know how vast the heavens are and how wide the earth is."

Eternal Phoenix was standing in the sky not too far away. Her eyes remained on the about-to-occur collision and she seemed not to hear the Dragon God's words.

"Hey, Eternal Phoenix. How about a bet? I bet the dragon eats the human." Long Tian chuckled.

To them, it was as if time was moving in slow motion so they could see every detail clearly and even speak quickly before anything else happened.

In response to his words, however, Eternal Phoenix rolled his eyes and ignored him. Such a bet made no sense to begin with, even if she was hugely amazed by the fact that a level 100 human could take on a level 400 dragon she didn't think the dragon could lose.

It was then that a male voice brimming with interest sounded from above, drawing both of their attention.

"Oh? I'm interested in that bet of yours, Long Tian boy."

The Dragon God and the Phoenix Empress abruptly raised their heads at the same time. There, Lucifer with his eyes fixed on the ongoing battle, and Fire Sorrow who was looking at them both coldly descended from the clouds of red flames.

There were eight known factions of Higher Existences in the universe, each with an absolute Leader at its head. 

Each of these Leaders was a soul evolver of the Eighth Order, and there were only eight of them; not one more, not one less.

However, three of those eight had gathered in a Lower World together with a fourth soul evolver who, despite being a Seventh Order, possessed enough magical power to launch an attack comparable to two beings of the Eighth Order.

Not to mention that the party had just begun.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3