Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Lucifer's eyes shone brightly as the image of Bai Zemin whose appearance was like that of a true demon was reflected in his pupils.

As for Fire Sorrow, she looked at both Leaders coldly. The wariness in her gaze was more than evident to anyone.

But what neither Eternal Phoenix nor Long Tian had any way of knowing was that the wariness Fire Sorrow felt towards them was not born out of how powerful they both were or the fact that they belonged to different factions from hers but came from not knowing why they were here and from knowing that many things would be different from today onwards.

This time Long Tian didn't have time to respond to Lucifer's words requesting to bet with him as Bai Zemin's attack finally hit something.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The purple-colored flames spread forward from the blade of Bai Zemin's sword, covering both the neck and head and flying further so that much of the sky was dyed purple.

The temperature rose horribly, and as her face took on a faint purple glow from the light of the flames Eternal Phoenix's eyes shone strangely as she gazed at the spreading purple flames.

Long Tian watched as one of the surprisingly tough yellow heads slowly turned to ashes after being nearly split in two by the human's attack and couldn't help but laugh out loud.

Just behind the yellow head that had taken all the damage, the white head slowly began to glow as the beast's body moved back.

"Lucifer, you came too? This world is really interesting don't you think?" Long Tian said while laughing.

Sensing danger and hearing Eleanora's warning, Bai Zemin spat out an insult but without hesitation retreated. With a single flap of his ash-gray wings, he became a blur, and less than a second later the area where he stood was bombarded by ice and fire.

The 9-Headed Immortal Dragon writhed in pain and the roar of pain that escaped from his 7 heads was extremely heartbreaking.

"I will definitely tear you into ten million pieces before devouring you bit by bit!!!"

The movement speed of Bai Zemin was so fast that the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon couldn't attack it except when Bai Zemin took the initiation to attack. 

The problem was that the annoying human seemed to see the future and read his next moves! 

It wasn't as if his own attacks couldn't hurt him after all, and right now his back was half covered in flames and half encased in a thick layer of ice after failing to hit his target!

Watching as the white head glowed and let out a terrifying shriek, Bai Zemin subconsciously gritted his teeth.

The entire body of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon was enveloped in a bright silver glow, and as if time was turning back, not only did the two destroyed heads quickly recover but even the wounds on his entire body healed.

Even so, the part frozen in ice had not yet been completely released and some red flames still burned on the beast's back.

Knowing that the power of the white head was not turning back time was certainly comforting, but seeing his efforts go down the drain in an instant was not a particularly pleasant feeling.

Bai Zemin looked at his frozen left arm and snorted, "Child's trick."

Bang!

An intense purple glow exploded outward from his frozen arm. Bai Zemin directly spent 5000 Mana points and in a jiffy, all the ice began to melt away.

As the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon recovered and Bai Zemin took the opportunity to unfreeze his arm, the conversation between Higher Existences became more interesting with each passing second.

"So, you mentioned something about a bet didn't you?" Lucifer finally took his eyes off Bai Zemin and the large golden sword whose runes he recognized at a glance. 

"Oh?" Long Tian was genuinely surprised, but his surprise soon disappeared. He shook his head and said wryly, "Indeed, but forget it. There's no point betting if we're both going for the same champion."

In Long Tian's eyes, the victor between the battle between a level 100 soul evolver and a level 400 soul evolver that could become a Higher Existence was obvious even if he put aside the fact that the soul evolver 300 levels lower was a human against a dragon.

Lucifer looked at Long Tian in silence for a moment, and the more he looked at him the weirder his gaze became.

Dragons were proud creatures by nature. To them, all other races were garbage in comparison to their hard and tough bodies as well as their high natural magical talent.

As the God of all dragons, Long Tian was naturally far prouder than all the other dragons. He was so proud that subconsciously, or perhaps not wanting to see the reality in front of him, he was overlooking the fact that the little human facing the level 400 Fourth Order dragon was only a level 100 Second Order soul evolver.

Lucifer was tempted to ask Long Tian if when he was a level 100 dragon he could fight another dragon but 300 levels above his own. However, Lucifer knew how to seize a good opportunity when it came his way so he smartly kept his mouth shut.

Instead, he smiled, "Oh, I won't bet on the dragon."

"No?" Long Tian looked at him in surprise before chuckling: "Don't tell me you think that human can beat a dragon, Lucifer... If you really think that's the case then I wouldn't mind betting with you? In fact, even if more humans join in that's fine with me."

Even Eternal Phoenix looked at Lucifer curiously. If she had to place her bet, she would certainly bet on the level 400 dragon over the level 100 human; this was so even though Eternal Phoenix could sense that this male human was definitely not normal at all and was hiding something big.

The defense, physical and magical attack power, as well as the regenerative ability of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, were all top level characteristics. There was no doubt that if such a beast joined the Dragon God Realm it wouldn't take more than a few millennia to reach the pinnacle. He could even surpass the most powerful commanders!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"Since you're this generous then let's bet big." Lucifer chuckled and said with lazy eyes, "If the human kills or defeats that nine-headed dragon then I want you to give me the Fragment Firmament of the Goddess of Rebirth... How about it?"

Hearing the words coming from Lucifer, the expression on Long Tian's face immediately darkened horribly.

Even if the Fragment Firmament of the Goddess of Rebirth was useless for the next few millennia, it was still one of the most powerful Fragment Firmament that existed; it was one that bestowed an extra life! Its value in the hands of a Leader was even higher since upon rebirth they would return to their maximum state, something that could easily grant victory in a losing battle against a wasted enemy!

"... If you want the Fragment Firmament of the Goddess of Rebirth you have to stake something equivalent." The Dragon Monarch's voice had become serious, almost deadly as he looked at the Demonic Army Leader with cold eyes.

He had paid a great price to obtain the Fragment Firmament of the Goddess of Rebirth, even offending one of the factions of Higher Existences to the point where reconciliation was impossible. Now that someone wanted it he naturally didn't feel happy.

"Of course," Lucifer smiled seemingly oblivious to the Dragon Monarch's mild murderous intent.

Then, he said something that shocked everyone.

"If that nine-headed dragon kills or defeats the human brat... I will hand over my Darkness Manipulation to you, how about that?"

Fire Sorrow's eyes flashed with disbelief as she looked at Lucifer trying to signal him not to do it.

On the other hand, Eternal Phoenix finally couldn't help but look at Bai Zemin again, only this time in a new light and examined him much more carefully again this time.

"... Are you serious?" Long Tian's expression changed again, only this time the greed and desire in his voice were obvious to anyone.

However, it was completely understandable for him to feel that way.

To many, the value of a Fragment Firmament was insurmountable. And indeed, they were not wrong.

However, Manipulation-type skills were different matters.

A Manipulation-type skill meant possessing the power to control one of the universal laws. If someone took their Manipulation skill to its maximum, they would most likely become something similar to the god who created that law, not at all inferior to the Soul Record in that field.

As for Darkness Manipulation, which was under Lucifer's power, it was one of the most powerful Manipulation-type skills that existed along with Light Manipulation. 

There were few Manipulation-type skills capable of surpassing Darkness Manipulation; Long Tian could only think of Time Manipulation and Space Manipulation, two skills that no one had and which until now were nothing more than legends.

"You ask if I'm serious?" Lucifer smiled widely and without hesitation bit the index finger of his right hand. He raised his hand with the severed index finger pointing skyward, and as the golden blood ran down his hand he said in a serious voice, "Let us make a Soul Contract with the Soul Record as judge. If one of us breaks it then we will be punished by the Soul Punishment... Are you still thinking I'm joking?"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3