Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Leaving aside the mana that was what allowed even non-living things to grow by the mere fact of existing, the universe was mostly made up of Dark Matter; one of the main reasons why even the powerful radiance of the brightest stars could only illuminate an extremely pitiful amount of the vast universe even though there were countless of them hanging in the sky.

With Darkness Manipulation in his hands and being his main skill, Lucifer was one of the most powerful Leaders. At the end of the day, the universe was a wolf's den where the darkness was as deep as the disappointment of a person in love and illusion for something that never existed.

In fact, Long Tian knew somewhere deep in his heart that if he fought Lucifer in a 1 vs. 1 battle outside the atmosphere of a planet his chances of victory would immediately plummet.

Obtaining Darkness Manipulation would not only raise Long Tian's total power to entirely new heights but would also bring him one step closer to the Soul Record and unravel the mysteries of the universe. At the end of the day, Darkness Manipulation was one of the skills that allowed one of the main laws of the cosmos to be controlled at will as if its possessor was the creator of said law.

'But...' Long Tian frowned tightly and looked at Lucifer cautiously. 'The Fragment Firmament of the Goddess of Rebirth is just too important to me. Once the cooldown is over I will instantly become the most powerful of the eight.'

In a battle between two theoretically equal beings, the one with two lives would certainly emerge victorious without a doubt.

Just at that moment, two flashes of light illuminated the sky, dyeing half of it light blue and half of it deep red.

Long Tian and Lucifer who had been staring at each other, as well as Fire Sorrow and Eternal Phoenix who were eagerly awaiting the outcome of things between the two leaders immediately turned their attention to the battlefield.

What they saw was the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon with two shattered yellow heads and the white head glowing to retrieve them. It was the red head and the blue head that caused the flashes of light that dyed the sky two different colors.

"Die!!!"

The voice of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon was loud and powerful. 

The necks of both heads were bent forward and both mouths were wide open. From the beast's jaws, two beams of light, one of a light blue color that froze even the atmosphere and another of a deep red color that incinerated the air, broke the sound barrier and currently seemed to be zooming off into infinity.

Finally, both beams hit the ground more than 100 kilometers distant in a westerly direction.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!!

Watching as the ground froze and melted immediately afterwards, forming a colossal cloud of toxic gas that rose into the sky instantly while covering an entire forest now destroyed by the power of the explosion comparable to a nuclear detonation, the soul evolvers of the American faction immediately began to panic.

The worst were the survivors inside the base now in chaos.

Since the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon had appeared the chaos inside the base only grew; people setting fire to houses, madmen who let their darker sides come out began to indiscriminately attack other humans regardless of age or gender. Even with the police forces and evolutionary souls there, taking care of a population of several million in a base a few hundred kilometers long and a few hundred kilometers wide was no simple task at all.

But even worse than the survivors, what the powers that be felt outside the walls of the Illinois base was far worse; this was particularly true for those who were close to Bai Zemin.

Nangong Lingxin, Feng Tian Wu, Kang Lan, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Bai Shilin; all of them had faces so pale that it was terrifying to look at their expressions.

Chen He was also pale but slightly better as he watched the huge shockwave shattering all the mountains in the distance. Even from his position, the shaking of the ground was evident to him.

A few moments later and when the shaking of the ground relaxed slightly as did the rumbling of the sky, Angelo's sigh finally made everyone react to what they had just witnessed.

"... Did he die?" muttered Jack with his face covered in sweat.

The two marks left behind by the ice and fire beams that broke the sonic barrier were still visible in the sky.

Andrea hesitantly looked at the faces of the people Bai Zemin brought with him, and finally blurted out in a low voice: "That explosion was equivalent to two nuclear missiles... and Bai Zemin was hit by the two breaths of the nine-headed dragon before being knocked to the ground..."

Everyone could understand what Andrea was trying to say with her words even if she didn't say it explicitly. 

One nuclear missile was enough to kill one Fourth Order dragon and mortally wound another after trapping both of them, one worse than the other, within the blast radius after detonating.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Bai Zemin had just been hit by two attacks from a massive beast at the highest level a Lower Existence could reach, the peak of the Fourth Order. The power of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon was so high that each of his breaths was comparable to a nuclear missile in terms of destructive power.

Even if he was strong and harder than the hardest stone, his flesh was that of a human being and his skin was not nearly as tough as the scales of a Fourth Order dragon.

Shangguan Bing Xue felt as if the world was falling down on her. Her legs lost all strength and she fell straight to the ground in an embarrassing manner, but she didn't have the heart to worry about how she looked.

She had felt this way once before, it was when Bai Zemin was assaulted by the crimson energy beam at the bottom of the ocean and she had left him for dead after realizing the terrifying power of that mysterious weapon. Shangguan Bing Xue had sworn to herself at that moment to do anything to avoid feeling that way again; useless and helpless as she watched with a broken heart as someone so important was taken away from her.

Yet here she was again. Nothing had changed at all; her strength was still stagnant and all she could do was watch.

How long would she continue to act so indecisive? Where had that Shangguan Bing Xue that once she had set her eyes on a goal, she would not rest until she achieved it gone? Evolution was supposed to make all beings in the universe gradually approach their highest state of perfection, but Shangguan Bing Xue felt that instead of improving, she was regressing.

"No! He is definitely still alive!"

Everyone, including the stunned Shangguan Bing Xue, turned to stare in surprise at the person who had shouted twice loud enough to make the ground in the surroundings shudder slightly.

With her chest rising and falling heavily accompanying each of her heavy breaths, Eleanora stared at the ground in the distance where Bai Zemin's body had been dragged after being hit by the two dragon breaths.

She held the small communication device to her mouth and shouted, "Hey, old man! Do you hear me?! What's with those slow movements of yours?! I warned you what that beast was going to do, didn't I?! Get up! Didn't you say that someday your name would shake the universe?! Now it turns out you're nothing but a clown!"

Anderson, Robinson, Jack, and Andrea stared at Eleanora with wide eyes in surprise.

"Eleanora, you..." Andrea stopped and didn't continue.

They all knew well the beautiful 19-year-old blonde whose body was fatal to any man. Eleanora despised and hated foreigners, but she didn't feel that way towards them just because she disliked them but because life had been cruel to her on two occasions; both occasions made her suffer greatly, and both occasions occurred because of foreigners.

Everyone knew that Eleanora wanted to take the United States to the top and make her homeland the father kingdom of the whole world. In fact, this was probably her biggest and most longed-for goal since she gained power, resources, and powerful teammates.

Angelo had told them that she had decided to stay in China to learn even a little more about the Asiatic faction since even if they were allies now in the future things would probably change. 

However, although the words Eleanora had just shouted seemed to be filled with contempt and mockery, her pale face, as well as her irregular breathing and trembling eyes expressed much more than she probably wanted to let on.

It was clear that Eleanora was scared and that fear was not born of her imminent death.

Had something happened between those two? No one knew.

What had happened during this time? No one knew.

What they had no way of knowing since even Bai Zemin himself did not know was that Eleanora had come to admire him greatly after reading the minds of hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people during her stay in China. She naturally read bad thoughts towards him, but as a person who knew how impossible it was to keep everyone happy as a leader she ignored the minority and stuck with the majority.

Despite being so powerful that it made no sense at all, Bai Zemin still spent sleepless nights to make everything a little better for the sake of securing his establishments and not letting his friends and family suffer injustice. After all, he knew that if he fell he would not fall alone but would end up dragging down all those close to him.

Despite having all that strength, he never forced any woman to do anything she didn't want to do.

In fact, Eleanora was shocked beyond explanation when she learned that he didn't even have concubines; just a mysterious girlfriend who occasionally appeared on the streets. Bai Zemin was so loyal to this love that he even rejected an outstanding beauty such as Wu Yijun.

All these and more were qualities that Eleanora learned from him and for which she came to admire him greatly.

Therefore, she somehow came to long to see how far such a person could go. She hoped he would go far and prove that it didn't take a black heart to succeed in such a cruel world.

Even then, it was hard to maintain her confidence in someone powerful who had just been hit squarely by two attacks comparable to two nuclear missiles.

In the sky no more than a few kilometers away from the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon whose green head slowly charged energy in preparation for a new attack, Long Tian laughed out loud as Fire Sorrow's face paled horribly.

"Hahahaha! Lucifer, you still want to bet with me? Even though that human boy didn't die yet his life energy is as weak as the petal of a flower in the middle of a storm!" Long Tian was still laughing when he noticed the fire of murderous intent in Fire Sorrow's eyes. His laughter slowly died down as he said curiously, "Oh...? Don't tell me you know that brat? He could be your little lover? Hahahaha! Funny isn't it? A Higher Existence with a Lower Existence!"

Eternal Phoenix also looked at Fire Sorrow and couldn't help but feel perplexed and confused in her heart. It was clear that the second-in-command of the Demonic Army was suffering greatly, but Eternal Phoenix did not understand why Fire Sorrow would suffer from the downfall of an Inferior Existence.

Even if she had gotten to know the boy it had definitely been for 1 year at most. After all, Eternal Phoenix knew that a year ago Fire Sorrow did not know of the existence of Earth and therefore it was impossible for her to meet Bai Zemin.

A woman who had only lived a short time could fall in love with a man in a short time, but a woman like Fire Sorrow who had seen worlds and eras come to an end over and over again would definitely not. Besides, it was no secret to anyone that she was still attached to an unknown love from the past.

Lucifer gave Fire Sorrow a sidelong glance, and after a moment of silence said in puzzlement, "Old friend, why are you so agitated?"

Lucifer's words ignited a flare of rage in Fire Sorrow's heart to the point where part of her murderous intent began to focus on him.

Was he asking her why she was so agitated? Was this situation not enough?

* * * * * * *

Guys, sorry only 1 chapter for now. I may write more later, probably. Something unexpected happened and I'm not in the mood to write anymore.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3