Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Die!"

The increasingly urgent and desirous roar of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon echoed throughout the flattened earth.

No one knew what was happening beyond the walls of brilliant red light rising into the sky, no one knew what condition Bai Zemin was in. The only thing the American team felt was terror as the four dragon breaths slowly but surely penetrated further and further into the pillar of light.

It was only a matter of time before they exploded or hit their target.

The seed of hope that had been born in the hearts of Shangguan Bing Xue and the others showed signs of cracking and collapsed. As everyone watched the terrifying phenomenon forming in the distance of the increasingly broken reality as a result of the distorting spatial barrier, they all prayed in their hearts to no particular god.

On the other hand, the Higher Existences were experiencing different kinds of emotions.

"How... How can this be possible?!" Long Tian shouted with wide eyes, "That bastard was about to die and now he completely recovered in an instant!"

Just as the Lower Existences couldn't see past the red light pillar, Higher Existences couldn't either. This was because Blood Manipulation had broken the threshold between skills below the Fifth Order, entering a different stage in terms of power.

However, they could definitely sense the aura of the fully recovered human male.

No, it was more than simply recovery or regeneration.

"The boy's aura changed." Eternal Phoenix pointed with her beautiful eyes fixed intently on the pillar of light. "What is this strange feeling...?"

Her answer was not long in coming.

Boom!!!

Like an exploding shell, the pillar of light blasted and waves of energy in the shape of a red semicircle flew everywhere. 

Swoosh! ... Swoosh!... Swoosh!... Swoosh!...

Not only was the wind cut into pieces causing a void of nothingness to form in the area where Bai Zemin was standing, but the four dragon breaths whose magical force was equivalent to four intercontinental nuclear missiles were suddenly canceled.

Immortal's Blood stole the mana of the world, and all skills worked with Mana. 

Just as one didn't lose their voice in outer space but sound didn't travel anyway, soul evolvers could still activate and cast skills but those skills wouldn't go far without the medium they needed to survive; mana. 

"That's why the Anti-Magic Domain of the Barbarian King was so feared." Lucifer smiled slightly and sat in the void. His raven black wings flapped softly behind his back and his emerald pupils glowed as he murmured lightly, "Come on, little wolf... Show me what you have."

Something Lucifer noticed but didn't think that much of was that, unlike the fierce and domineering aura of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius, the aura of the young man in front of him was not only not fierce and domineering but so calm that it was even a little disturbing. Not at all the aura of a person who was in the middle of a battle to the death.

Meanwhile, Fire Sorrow looked at Bai Zemin who was standing right in the center of the huge crater and the more she stared at him the more her heart shuddered. 

'Who... Who is this person...' Her brow furrowed slightly in concern. 

She had seen some of Bai Zemin's battles, she had even seen him fighting back as he fled for his life when he was attacked by a Fifth Order Phoenix. Therefore, she believed she had seen all of his facets when it came to combat.

But... The aura of the person she was staring at was like that of someone completely different... As if the young human she had known had been replaced by someone else without anyone noticing.

"Stupid, what the hell are you doing?! Kill that human once and for all if you don't want him to kill you!" 

Fire Sorrow's pupils suddenly contracted fiercely as she heard the voice of the Dragon Monarch spread across the sky, and when she turned to look at him she was greatly surprised to notice that he was no longer hiding but had revealed himself to make his presence known to all.

"You..." 

Fire Sorrow gritted her teeth, and without another word she also stopped hiding. She wanted Bai Zemin to know and feel that he was not alone in front of a monster like Long Tian.

Lucifer looked at Long Tian with a weird look before snorting under his breath. He, like Eternal Phoenix, did not reveal himself; at least not yet. In fact, when Lucifer looked at certain points in the sky he noticed that they weren't the only ones there. so he knew that many things could get out of control soon.

When the 9-Headed Dragon Immortal heard the voice of the Dragon Monarch all thoughts of being driven mad by the tone of voice in which he was spoken to disappeared even faster than they appeared. His 9 heads moved to look at the man with 4 pairs of dragon wings suspended in the sky, and the feeling of reverence he felt was something he had never felt in his entire life.

Bai Zemin's hair was a bit long so his locks partially covered his eyes, but when he raised his head slightly his eyes fell on the tall and imposing man for a brief moment before ignoring him as if he didn't exist.

Seeing this, Long Tian frowned but soon relaxed, 'Ignorance sure is bliss.'

He thought that Bai Zemin had no idea about the difference in power between the two or that he didn't know about Higher Existences, therefore, it was natural for him to ignore Long Tian. 

Bai Zemin's expression was as calm as that of an ancient thousand-year-old lake. His eyes moved from who he correctly judged as an important member of the Dragon God Realm to Fire Sorrow.

When the purple eyes of Fire Sorrow met Bai Zemin's eyes she finally understood where that strange feeling of aloofness she was feeling was coming from. With a trembling heart, she whispered in a voice that only she could hear, "Golden eyes... that aura... is this the state of mind that only three soul evolvers managed to reach in history?"

Fire Sorrow loved to read. More than loving to read, she had plenty of time, and to avoid thinking or feeling she immersed herself more years than one could imagine in ancient and modern books. To say that she was a walking library of knowledge was by no means an exaggeration, so it was to be expected that she recognized Bai Zemin's condition when their eyes met.

Bai Zemin simply nodded slightly towards her before turning to look at the enemy in front of him.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The 9-Headed Immortal Dragon had no idea who was the man or woman who had just shown themselves, but one thing was obvious; they were both so strong that not only could he not underestimate them but he didn't even want to face them.

The red head and the blue head moved back slightly in sync with both long necks, and at the same time as the black head roared both mouths opened just as the two necks stretched forward.

"DIE!!!"

Rumble!!!!!!

Without a few seconds of charge, it was not possible for the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon to get his two breaths of ice and fire to break the sound barrier. However, this did not mean that the speed of both attacks was slow!

The expression of Bai Zemin was still indecipherable and flat even in the face of the two attacks that almost sent him to greet his grandfather in the other world.

He extended his left hand in front of him, and what happened next made everyone freeze.

The fire and ice beams had only advanced a few kilometers before hitting some sort of invisible wall. 

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!! Bang!!! Bang!!!

Rumble...!!!!

The earth shook and split.

The sky wept and wailed.

But under the constant surge of magical power and Mana supply provided by the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon both dragon breaths shattered the invisible pressure barrier before continuing on their way towards Bai Zemin.

However, both beams, one fire-red and the other light blue, only managed to advance another few kilometers in a brief second before colliding again with an invisible wall.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!! 

The result of the explosion was terrifying without a doubt, but the level of destruction caused this time was less.

The 9-Headed Immortal Dragon did not understand what was happening. His free heads roared before the black head and the green head joined the other two, and soon there were two beams, one green and one black, joining the two on their way to shatter the small human in the distance.

But, just because the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon couldn't understand the kind of skill his enemy was using didn't mean that the knowledgeable beings in the sky didn't know.

Hidden in the red clouds, the Lord of Heaven narrowed his eyes and a peculiar flash of light shone in his silver pupils as he watched the now 4 magical beams encounter obstacle after obstacle and grow weaker and weaker with every mile they advanced.

Salazar, Leader of the Evolution Army, said with a hoarse voice and a not so pleasant expression on his face, "That fucking skill... Why the hell does a little human have that skill?!"

Many years ago, in the Constellation of the God of Gravity, Salazar and some others had suffered horribly at the hands of the protector specter. In fact, Salazar who was the bearer of the Gravity Maker skill was so humiliated by the protector specter who had control over the Gravity Manipulation skill that he would never forget what that skill was capable of.

"Blood Manipulation and Gravity Manipulation..." Nikolay looked at Bai Zemin with his red eyes filled with unkind intentions as he slowly said, "What a coincidence."

"Coincidence? Coincidence my ass." Salazar snorted and said coldly, "That brat is using the two skills that the Heavenly Wolf ghost used to kick the ass of that arrogant dragon."

Indeed... it was too much of a coincidence.

"One Manipulation-type skill is something everyone can accept to a certain extent... But two at the same time?" Gabriel, who was standing next to Medes, muttered. A strange smile formed at the corner of his mouth as he said lazily, "The soul of that human kid didn't collapse despite having two of the most powerful Manipulation-type skills in existence... If this is a coincidence then I might as well start doubting my wings."

Medes frowned hard and a glint of wariness shone in his eyes as he watched the young human whose hair looked golden due to the halo surrounding him and whose eyes were as golden as the brightest gold reach out his left hand and quickly weaken the four magical attacks of the dragon 300 levels higher than him.

It was not difficult for him and the others to see that every time the thin invisible wall appeared, the earth sank and the atmosphere twisted with force; a clear consequence of the abrupt and fierce gravitational increase in the area.

However, there was something they did not understand... If the human was increasing the gravity then the earth should be breaking apart, but except for shaking slightly, it stayed steady until before the gravitational wall exploded.

'Gravity increased x60 times... Gravity divided x60 times... Gravity increased x60 times...' Bai Zemin chanted in his heart as he watched the ever-weakening enemy attack get closer.

In his recently recovered memories and combat experiences, there was a seemingly simple defensive method that was actually very difficult to master. However, once mastered this defensive method would give the user a great and very very strong magical barrier.

The more he learned, the more Bai Zemin noticed how many uses his skills had but he was ignoring.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3