Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin's words seemed to hang in the air for a long time as no one had any reaction to them; at least not immediately, that is.

The Dragon Monarch's golden eyes met the human's eyes again, only this time the eyes of the great God of all dragons did not show anger and disdain as they did before; at least not immediately, that is.

A gentle gust of warm wind blew, and Medes' figure was automatically revealed without attracting anyone's attention. He stared at Long Tian and muttered under his breath, "... What happened...?"

Medes had put into words what everyone was wondering, but at the moment no one had a clear answer to that question. The only one who knew what was going on was Long Tian himself so temporarily the others could only draw their own conclusions.

In reality, Long Tian would have had to move from there anyway since the Soul Record would not have allowed him to get in the way of two Lower Existences. After all, his direct intervention would have affected both, the fate of Bai Zemin and the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon.

But... the way Long Tian got out of Bai Zemin's way was the real problem.

All those present were extremely powerful beings; even Fire Sorrow who was the weakest among them after Gabriel was not someone to underestimate since if she let go of her magic she could perfectly crush a Leader if they underestimated her.

Such powerful Higher Existences naturally had good eyesight and excellent senses; it was impossible for them not to have noticed the fact that Long Tian did not get out of Bai Zemin's way because he had to but was forced out of the way!

However... such a thing was hard to believe even though it had happened right in front of their eyes.

A Lower Existence forcing a Higher Existence to retreat? Maybe they could accept it if the Lower Existence was a 400 level Fourth Order soul evolver and the Higher Existence was a Fifth Order soul evolver at the beginning of the 400s level.

But for heaven's sake... A Lower Existence of Second Order level 100 forcing back a Higher Existence of Eighth Order above level 800? There was simply no way they could accept such a thing.

Eternal Phoenix looked at the Dragon Monarch out of the corner of her eye and it was not hard for a quick-witted woman like her to notice the wariness and caution in the eyes of the mighty Eighth Order dragon as he looked at the human's right arm buried in the head of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon.

'... Long Tian stepped back as the arm of the human boy turned crimson just before striking forward.'' The Phoenix Empress looked at Bai Zemin with narrowed eyes and waited.

She was not the only one who had come to that conclusion.

Even Lucifer, still sitting in the void, was staring at Bai Zemin.

The only one who had details of what was happening was none other than Fire Sorrow. Her beautiful violet eyes glittered coldly as she looked at the Dragon God with barely suppressed murderous intent before looking at Bai Zemin with eyes as soft as honey.

Slowly, Long Tian finally came out of his caution and when he looked at Bai Zemin he felt nothing but desire to tear him into a million pieces! However, he didn't say anything or move temporarily; he wanted to see and understand the reason why his deepest records had forced him to get out of the way just before the little human's right hand touched him!

Bai Zemin had long since stopped paying attention to Long Tian. His focus was completely on the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon as he used Record Devastation on him.

About a minute later, the giant beast's body began to shrink in size and its scales began to lose their shimmer before falling off the body. 

Watching the drastic change the terrifying beast was undergoing as he writhed and roared in pain, as well as feeling his power plummeting with each passing second, made everyone finally understand what was happening.

"... You've got to be kidding me." Murmured the archangel of Seventh Order, Gabriel.

Gabriel was considered to be the most cunning and intelligent existence in the universe not for nothing. It was said that he once managed to kill two Seventh Order soul evolvers, both superior to him in levels and combat ability, thanks to several strategies he had formulated. In fact, it was known that a good number of the Army of Heaven's victories during battles to take control of Higher Worlds were owed to Gabriel.

However, this terrifying Seventh Order Archangel could feel his heart tremble as he watched one of the Lower Existences he had always despised doing something that should not be possible.

Slowly, Lucifer gave up his relaxed sitting posture. With his eyes fixed on Bai Zemin's right arm buried deep in the forehead of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, he stood up in the sky and after several seconds said to himself, "Is he.... Erasing the records of that Fourth Order dragon?"

"Impossible!" Lethar shouted from another corner with his eyes fixed on the ground, "Erasing the records of a living being? Don't joke, Lucifer! Everyone here knows that only the Soul Record is capable of such a thing. A level 100 human wouldn't be able to handle such a skill even if he possessed it!"

Everyone here knew well that even though they were terrifyingly strong they were still "prisoners" of the great cage that was the universe and its true ruler. They had worked hundreds of thousands, millions of years to obtain the strong records that made them up today... and yet, the Soul Record needed only a casual attack to erase those records and turn them all into weak soul evolvers again.

A few seconds later, Eternal Phoenix shook her head and pointed from the side, "It's not erasing... he's simply taking them away."

"Taking away records?" Lucifer ignored the words of the Leader of Heavenly Moon but when he did hear Eternal Phoenix's words he was very surprised. When he paid more attention he noticed that in fact, although the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon was losing his records and rapidly becoming weaker and weaker, those records were now all being gathered in Bai Zemin's hand.

Lucifer's pupils contracted fiercely as he muttered in shock, "... No wonder that stupid lizard got out of the way."

Approximately 2 minutes later and under the watchful eyes of everyone, Bai Zemin slowly withdrew his arm from the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon's forehead. For every inch he withdrew his arm, the crimson light that enveloped it slowly began to disappear.

By the time he finished pulling his arm out of the monster's flesh, the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon's body had shrunk to less than 1/10th of its original size. All of his scales had fallen to the ground, the layer of mana that previously enveloped his body protectively was completely gone, and everyone could tell how the terrifying magical power that once surrounded the beast was nowhere to be found, not to mention the loss of practically all of his physical power.

Bai Zemin looked at the small pearl-shaped glowing object in his right palm and sighed in relief in his heart. The effect of the God Mode was fading fast, and with that his emotions under control that allowed him to be in the best state to fight resurfaced again.

'That was a really tough battle... For a second I thought I was going to die.' 

In fact, if it wasn't for Bai Zemin having evolved Blood Manipulation to the next stage he would have died today.  UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

He could have ended it all much faster by launching a Blazing Punishment of Divine Blood on the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon... but not only would he not be able to evolve anymore from that point on but he would also be risking destroying the Earth since a weak Blazing Punishment of Divine Blood wouldn't have much effect on such a terrifying beast. 

Fortunately, his fate was strong and the end of his journey did not seem to have come yet. Bai Zemin had not only survived but also managed to use Record Devastation on the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, stripping the creature of his deepest records and successfully completing one of the requirements he needed to fulfill to evolve to the next Order.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt several eyes on him and soon remembered that he had an interesting audience watching him. When he raised his head, he couldn't help but scoff in his heart as he watched all the Higher Existences staring at the small pearl in his right hand.

"Consumable object." 

Bai Zemin turned to look at the incredibly handsome silver-haired and silver-eyed man with 4 pairs of white wings looking at him with a somewhat ugly expression on his face. In his heart, he judged in awe: 'Holy crap. This elder is standing in front of a real angel! And he must be of quite a high rank considering his wings!'

Bai Zemin was not a believer, particularly not after learning from Lilith that even the Gods they worshipped were just soul evolvers like everyone else. However, this didn't mean that he couldn't be surprised when he met a legendary figure; one couldn't forget that less than two years ago he was just an ordinary college student!

"Zemin, the name of that man who just spoke, the one with the eight wings, is Medes." 

Lilith's voice rang in his head, and what she said next made Bai Zemin's jaw drop.

"Medes is the name of the Biblical God, the Lord of Heaven."

As everyone was focused on the small pearl that contained the records of the now lifeless 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, Bai Zemin gulped silently.

"In fact, except for the cruelest and difficult to understand Leader, all the other Higher Existence Leaders are present before you."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3