Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The words of the Dragon Monarch hovered in the air for several seconds before Salazar burst out in a hoarse voice.

"So, what is it that you are suggesting? Killing a Lower Existence?" The Zombie Emperor grimaced as he said loud enough to be heard, "I promise I won't stop you, you go ahead."

Hearing this, Long Tian frowned as the others looked at him curiously.

None of those present were stupid or blind. It was all too obvious that the Lower Existence in front of them was dangerous; to deny it would be foolish after seeing what they had just seen.

A human soul evolver capable of dealing with a dragon 300 levels higher than him? Two Manipulation type skills along with other very powerful skills such as that peculiar skill that gave him some control over shadows or that strange golden halo that allowed him to increase his combat power enormously depending on his choice... and finally but even more amazing than all the aforementioned, ability to touch, suppress, and steal the strongest records of a living being.

Such an existence could not be left alive regardless of whether it was the reincarnation of Sirius or not. 

Who knew if tomorrow or the next day the young human in front of them would appear knocking on their doors or sneak into their homes to steal their records? Because to be honest with themselves, they all knew in their hearts that if they had such an amazing skill they would definitely look for ways to steal the records of the other Leaders.

The problem was that if they wanted to hurt Bai Zemin they would have to pay the price; a price too high that no one was willing to pay.

Eternal Phoenix looked at everyone silently, and after a brief pause remarked as she stared at the young human, "Although this boy caused the Dragon God Realm Leader to recoil, I am certain that this only happened because Long Tian did not expect his records to be shaken in the face of the apparent attack from a Lower Existence. However, I refuse to believe that this skill that allows this boy to steal records is limitless."

"... What do you mean, Empress Phoenix?" Lethar frowned.

"What I mean is that such a skill probably has a limit on the total number of times it can be used." Eternal Phoenix said slowly. Her beautiful crimson eyes remained fixed on Bai Zemin as she calmly said, "That or limit on the quality of records it can steal. Although it is more than clear that the purity of this human boy's Soul Power is, as hard to accept as it is, purer than ours by probably quite a large margin... I don't think his soul can withstand two Manipulation-type skills along with as many other powerful skills as well as a skill as crazy as that."

Eternal Phoenix's words got everyone thinking, and while everyone was silent for a moment Bai Zemin looked at Empress Phoenix with indifference but feeling a bit of surprise in his heart.

She had been half right about the limits of his skill Record Devastation... but she had missed the high point.

'Not only is my soul strong enough to withstand all these skills, but Record Devastation has no limit on the number of times I can use it nor is it limited by level difference, Order, or Soul Power purity.' Bai Zemin thought to himself as he looked at everyone's faces coldly.

Bai Zemin only needed to subjugate or find his opponent in a weakened enough state that he could access the deepest soul records of any living being to steal their records using Record Devastation.

"... Why do we have to try to suppress him?" Gabriel said suddenly, drawing everyone's eyes.

Even God was momentarily startled but soon regained his composure and looked at his commander calmly. Gabriel had fought alongside Medes for a long time, so the Lord of Heaven knew very well that despite his soft and gentle appearance Gabriel was so intelligent and cunning that it was scary. 

Gabriel knew that all eyes were on him, but he focused on Bai Zemin as he said slowly with a slight smile: "As we all know here, breaking the barrier that divides the Fourth Order from the Fifth Order, that is, reaching the level of a Higher Existence by oneself is so difficult that the number of existences that have achieved such a feat to this day is pitifully low compared to the number of lives that existed and exist in our universe. How many geniuses who seemed to defy all sense and who many of us thought would go far ended up dying of old age or losing their lives due to their stubbornness of wanting to break that boundary for themselves?"

Everyone was silent before Amelia, Seventh Order Commander of the Heavenly Moon Army, nodded.

"Indeed."

What Gabriel pointed out was something they all knew, but it still wasn't enough to calm their nerves. After all, this was the first time any of them had met someone as anomalous as the young male human in front of them.

Gabriel naturally knew that a couple of soft words pointing out the obvious would not be enough, so he continued without changing his expression: "Besides, we can't hurt him since he is a Lower Existence and we are Higher Existences, right? But... in the hypothetical case that this young gentleman, let's say, manages to become the 9th Leader... He will be a Higher Existence of Fifth Order, am I right?"

It was only then that the others understood something, and while they all looked at Bai Zemin with different eyes his eyes flashed with chilling coldness as he looked at Gabriel as if he wanted to remember every feature on his face so that he would never forget it.

Gabriel couldn't help but frown slightly but he quickly calmed down and the smile on his face didn't waver as he looked at Bai Zemin calmly: "There's no need to get angry. If you were in our place wouldn't you do the same? Take it as a compliment, what do you think? You are the first existence in history capable of alerting and awakening caution in the chests of all the Higher Existences in the universe to the point where the Leaders of every faction are racking their brains thinking about what to do with you."

What Gabriel wanted to point out was more than obvious and that basically that even if Bai Zemin managed to advance to the Fifth Order in an extremely unlikely case he would only be a Fifth Order soul evolver.

Yes, Bai Zemin was terrifyingly strong. He would probably be able to kill Seventh Order commanders in a physical or magical battle when he reached the Fifth Order if he continued to grow at this rate. Such was an incredible feat and never seen before; even beings like Sirius or the Barbarian King whose physical attack power was colossal could only fight against Higher Existences 2 Orders above them in rare cases but never kill them.

However, what about the Eighth Order Leaders? Bai Zemin was almost killed by the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon with a difference of 300 levels and 2 Orders... It was unlikely that he could fight against eight soul evolvers three Orders and over 400 levels above his own.

Just when everyone had calmed down a bit, Bai Zemin opened his mouth and as he looked at everyone one by one he calmly said, "I have a very good proposal for you that might be better than sleeping uncomfortably in your beds thinking I could kick down your doors."

"... The arrogance." Nikolay chuckled and shook his head as he muttered quietly to himself.

"He has the right to be." Eternal Phoenix pointed from the other side with serenity on her face. "The fact that we're all debating what to do is enough for us to at least give him some respect."

Once everyone had shut their mouths, Bai Zemin continued, "My proposal is simple."

He paused, and everyone listened attentively; even Long Tian looked at him silently and waited for his next words.

"Everyone who wants to can do a Soul Contract with me. The contents of the Soul Contract will be very simple. You will swear not to interfere with the future of Earth, and in return, I will swear not to attack any of you or your factions unless you attack me or a member of my faction first." Bai Zemin said and waited silently for the inevitable.

Bai Zemin did not want to make this kind of vow as it would limit him too much in the future. However, did he have better options than this? 

Allowing all these Higher Existences to roam the Earth was the last thing Bai Zemin needed right now. Even if they could not harm him directly, there were many "loopholes" that they could exploit with ease and freedom just like Lilith had been doing all this time.

Furthermore, Bai Zemin could never sleep in peace knowing that one day someone similar to the female phoenix that attacked him might appear even though they knew they would die as a result.

Bai Zemin had to fight the Sacred Domain in less than 5 and a half years; his time was already extremely limited so he needed to focus on growing up instead of having to watch his back against beings that should not be there. 

Besides, if Bai Zemin managed to "kick out" a couple of Leaders and their factions from Earth it would be of great help to him. After all, the final requirement for him to evolve into the Third Order was to chase the external factions out of his world; he now understood what this requirement meant.

Unfortunately, nothing was ever that easy in this life... and Bai Zemin knew this more clearly than anyone else after having come so far in such a short time at the cost of much of his happiness, not to mention all the times he nearly died while facing enemies he shouldn't have.

Long Tian burst out laughing after a brief silence.

The Dragon Monarch's laughter was so loud that the sky rumbled. 

Some of the Higher Existences present looked at him in silence, then there were others like Gabriel who looked at Bai Zemin with interesting smiles on their faces.

Bai Zemin was not surprised by this outcome at all, he knew that even if any of them accepted his proposal many more would scoff. 

A Lower Existence "giving a life exit" to all the factions of Higher Existences... Bai Zemin was the first to do such a thing, and like everything that was done for the first time it was naturally looked down upon and mocked by the more ignorant.

He ignored Long Tian who laughed good-naturedly and instead looked back over his shoulder. When he saw the small group approaching in the distance he couldn't help but frown slightly, and when they stopped no more than five meters behind him he said in a calm voice, "Are you guys okay with this level of radiation?"

Kang Lan looked cautiously at the different groups in the sky, and after a brief moment nodded, "Leader, your battle with the nine-headed dragon ended up clearing much of the radiation from the area. This level could not harm us unless we stayed here for a full day."

Bai Zemin nodded and was about to say something when he suddenly noticed Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes on him. In his heart, he wondered what had happened since the way she was staring at him was somehow different from the past... but he couldn't put his finger on which part.

At least for the moment no one asked who these people were, but Bai Zemin's group knew that they were all Higher Existences.

As for Angelo's little group... they were all more than amazed as they looked at the white wings of Medes and Gabriel, as well as the raven wings on the back of Lucifer and Fire Sorrow.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3