"This..." Andrea looked at the eight wings behind Medes and murmured with wide eyes, "Is that a.... an angel...?"

Although there weren't many of them and their rarity kept getting greater every time one of them fell in combat, there were a few human soul evolvers with skills that granted them wings for a short period of time. Some of these wing skills didn't even allow their users to fly but simply increased their Agility and thus overall speed or simply served to glide during falls from great heights.

Angelo himself had a skill called Wings of Hope which granted him a pair of silver wings. With them, Angelo could fly through the sky with total freedom for 4 hours receiving an interesting boost in his Agility, but the cooldown time of the skill was 15 days so he only used it in extremely necessary moments and never to show off.

However, the beings in front of them all had wings and were standing in the sky with total indifference. Moreover, all those wings were clearly not composed of magic and mana; they could all feel that each of their wings was part of their bodies, composed of records just like all universal existence.

Dragon wings, phoenix wings, angel wings, wings of what appeared to be fallen angels or demons, bat wings, and then other wings that appeared to be of some sort of chimera-like beast.

It was not difficult for the team of elite of America to realize that they were looking at extremely terrifying existences, probably legends that before the advent of the Soul Record were worshipped by the weak humans.

"This is really great, great I tell you!"

The Dragon Monarch's powerful voice attracted the attention of Bai Zemin's group and Angelo's group, and when they saw the huge sneer on Long Tian's face as he looked at Bai Zemin they felt different emotions in their hearts.

"Not only are you not just a Lower Existence of Second Order but you are just a human whose physical body is despicably weak... and yet you dare to threaten all of us?" Long Tian seemed unable to stop laughing as he shook his head and clapped his hands loudly enough to make a crack of lightning roar in the distant clouds, "I must say that much of my anger towards you has just been washed away right now.... You are a clown!"

To the surprise of some Higher Existences, Nikolay who hated Long Tian to the marrow of his bones added: "If we decided to leave you alone it's your blessing... but do you think after what you just said we'll leave? You little brat, we'll see if it's us who can't sleep comfortably or if it's you... very soon."

"... How bold you are." Shangguan Bing Xue took a step forward and her ice cold eyes flashed with murderous intent.

However, she was stopped by Bai Zemin's calm gaze and a slight shake of his head. 

Although she paused, her eyes remained fixed on Long Tian and Nikolay, switching back and forth between the two every few moments. Her murderous intent was as great as if she were facing her two greatest enemies.

This left Bai Zemin a bit perplexed since while she had gotten angry in past situations when someone insulted him this was the first time she had shown such an enormous degree of anger.

"A level 100 piece of trash who doesn't know their place." Long Tian snorted and turned to leave as he said indifferently, "You'll hear news of me soon, you human brat. You will regret your actions and words, I guarantee it."

Bai Zemin simply looked at Long Tian and Nikolay without saying a word. However, the glint of coldness in his eyes was probably more explicative than a four thousand word dialogue professing his murderous intent towards both of them.

Truth be told, Long Tian had planned to wait until the battle was over to recruit the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon. Once the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon became a Higher Existence, Long Tian planned to secretly kill him to absorb his records and hopefully learn a bit of the base that allowed him to regenerate from any wound practically in an instant.

Unfortunately, Long Tian did not expect that a level 100 human would tear apart his path to a similar level that the Goddess of Rebirth was once at.

His anger was so high that he feared it would explode at any moment, slapping the human to death and causing his own downfall. Therefore, he planned to calm down a bit first.

"Wait."

Long Tian was about to leave when the voice he least wanted to hear echoed from behind him.

Long Tian looked over his shoulder and said in a sharp voice, "... What do you want?"

"You ask what do I want?" Lucifer stuck his pinky finger in his ear and moved it in unfinished circles before pulling it out. He looked at the tip of his perfectly clean finger and blew off the non-existent dirt there before lazily saying, "You lost the bet. Hand over what you promised."

Bet? 

Nikolay, Medes, Salazar, Lethar, and the others who were unaware of what was going on looked at each other in confusion before looking at Long Tian wanting to see what his response was.

Only Fire Sorrow and Eternal Phoenix looked at Long Tian. The first looked at him with slight murderous intent and barely masked disdain in her eyes while the second looked at him with a slight hint of mockery in her ever indifferent bright pupils.

Long Tian took a deep breath and turned to look at Lucifer, after a moment of silence he pointed out, "You want it now? You must know it has no use and won't for a long time."

"My soul will not collapse because of a Firmament Fragment, thank you for your concern." Lucifer held out his right hand as if asking for a 2 cent coin and said in a serious voice, "You bet on the dragon's victory, I bet my Manipulation of Darkness skill on the human's victory. You lost. Hand over the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth, now."

Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth?!  Several gasps echoed in the sky.

"Don't tell me..." Gabriel's pupils contracted as he stared at Lucifer in shock.

Only Medes shook his head and smiled bitterly as he realized that Lucifer had clearly received information from somewhere. Lucifer had bet on the human's victory over the dragon despite the natural physical difference and the huge disparity in their levels because he knew about the possibility of the human being the reincarnation of Sirius.

Long Tian knew nothing and therefore ended up losing stupidly.

Nikolay clenched both fists tightly causing small spatial cracks to appear around him. His red eyes turned even redder as he looked at the Dragon God as if he wanted to tear him apart, but unlike last time this time he didn't go on the attack.

In a 1 vs 1 battle, Nikolay knew that he had little chance of defeating Long Tian and killing him was impossible. Besides, fighting in the atmosphere of a Lower World was stupid considering that the Lower World would end up being destroyed and thus the Soul Record would kill them both.

Long Tian's expression was as ugly as someone who had just eaten seven kilograms of pig manure, but with a slight sting of pain in his soul reminding him of the existence of the Soul Contract he had no choice but to give in to Lucifer's demand.

Watching the faint flash of emerald-green light slowly rising from Long Tian's chest and floating towards Lucifer, the eyes of the different Higher Existences glowed with varied emotions but similar in certain aspects.

Even Bai Zemin clenched his fists slightly and watched the small heart-shaped stone slowly going to Lucifer's body.

This was the second time he had seen a Firmament Fragment being Lilith who introduced him to the existence of such divine treasures. Bai Zemin naturally had no intention towards Lilith's Firmament Fragment, but it was impossible for him not to feel envy towards the one Lucifer was receiving; Lilith was his lover, but Lucifer was not only not his friend but would probably be his enemy.

Unfortunately, he could do nothing but stare.

Lucifer looked at the small stone clearly drained of energy and nodded in satisfaction before letting a drop of blood fall onto the flat surface. The ownerless Firmament Fragment quickly recognized him and in an instant turned into a flash of light that disappeared inside his body.

For some reason that only Gabriel and Fire Sorrow understood, Lucifer turned slightly and looked at Medes. The two looked at each other in silence for a couple of seconds before Medes sighed and shook his head.

"Gabriel, let's go to the other continent. There's someone interesting there." Saying that, Medes turned into a flash of white light and disappeared.

Gabriel looked at Lucifer, looked at Fire Sorrow, and then at Bai Zemin before smiling gently and disappearing.

Those remaining remained silent as they thought about what had just happened. Their thoughts were mostly on the fact that Lucifer would have two lives soon and with that he would become the most powerful Leader of the eight without a doubt.

Although the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Rebirth gave no power to its holder, it had an effect that could literally alter the monarchy of the universe in an overwhelming way.

"Hmph." Nikolay snorted coldly and a blood red bubble enveloped him before exploding into particles of light.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He was gone, no trace of his presence.

"That makes three." Bai Zemin muttered to himself.

Although his voice was low, everyone heard him clearly amidst the howling wind.

"Three?" Eternal Phoenix looked at him in confusion.

"Three factions of Higher Existences that ignored my warning." Bai Zemin said as if it was obvious. He looked at Eternal Phoenix, Lucifer, Lethar, and Salazar as he calmly said, "The Dragon God Realm Leader and the Leader of the Army of Heaven made it clear that they will interfere in my world. Although the Leader of Immortal Bloodlust didn't say anything it seems that he feels attachment for my Blood Manipulation so his decision is clear to me."

"... I don't know how you know the names of our factions but you... really plan to feud with three factions at the same time?" Salazar burst out laughing before slamming the space before him. He stepped forward, and as the crack closed his voice reached everyone present: "You're crazy, human... but you'll be a welcome addition to the zombie race."

"... That makes four." Bai Zemin nodded as he looked at the ground calmly.

Angelo's group was looking at Bai Zemin with some surprise but still not understanding the situation too much. On the other hand, Nangong Lingxin and Kang Lan were sweating as they realized that every time their Leader said a number it meant one more terrifying enemy being added to the list.

Dragons, Zombies, Vampires, and even God and his angels.

"... If my parents were alive they would definitely give me a beating when they heard that their daughter plans to fight against such existences." Kang Lan chuckled and shook her head.

Chen He didn't know about the Higher Existences since he had been in America during the incident that revealed Lilith's existence and subsequent explanation of the forces of the universe.

Bai Shilin did but to the girl, there was no one stronger than her father in this life. As far as Bai Shilin was concerned, her beloved super father only needed to give a couple of slaps and all the winged beings in front of her would be feathered in a heartbeat but he was so kind that he was letting them go.

If Bai Zemin or anyone else knew what little Shilin was thinking they would probably look at her with wide eyes not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

Leaving the innocent Bai Shilin aside, only three existences among all those present remained indifferent and calm knowing that in the not so distant future they would be facing heroic and biblical legends.

One of them was Little Snow, and the other was Shangguan Bing Xue who had just discovered her real feelings towards the only existence that would follow even death itself.

The other was surprisingly Feng Tian Wu. Her indifferent and calm expression in this situation as she stood silently behind Bai Zemin made it clear what her posture was; there was not even hesitation, doubt, or a hint of fear in her eyes.

When Eternal Phoenix looked at Feng Tian Wu, her eyes shone with a mysterious light.

Actually, Eternal Phoenix had set her attention on Feng Tian Wu before but due to the distance and everything that had happened she didn't care too much about what she felt. However, now that the girl was before her everything became much clearer.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3