Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

When the ten buses left the university grounds for the first time in half a month, the students and teachers could not believe what they were seeing even though the reality was right in front of their eyes.

The main streets that had previously been crowded to the point where it looked like a shopping mall even at night were devoid of any sign of human life. The automobiles that previously roared with their engines constantly running were there, but their engines no longer roared and their wheels no longer rolled.

Dozens of cars had crashed into buildings, houses, lamp posts, traffic lights. The number of cars that had hit other cars in sight was at least twenty; the whole street was a total mess with broken glass, plastic, fiberglass, and some houses knocked down by larger vehicles.

Only as far as the survivors' eyes could see, they could already see dried blood stains everywhere as well as several hundred corpses strewn along the street and on the sidewalk in a careless manner. Some had been run over by a car when the chaos erupted while others had been eaten by zombies or some other monster as bestial bites and torn limbs could be seen on many of them.

All the excitement they felt a few minutes earlier after finally leaving the university grounds disappeared and the survivors' eyes were filled with apprehension and fear at such an apocalyptic view.

Who never dreamed about an apocalypse? Believing that you would survive just fine with great ideas in mind.

However, imagination was one thing and reality was something else completely different. Fear in the face of real death devoured all rationality and when danger really loomed all that courage which many believed they had in the past would pop like a soap bubble.

Sitting in the first bus leading the departure of the small caravan of ten, Bai Zemin also observed everything with an indifferent expression that did not reveal any of his inner thoughts. However, soon after he had no choice but to move.

[Blood Will activated. Current status: 7.4%/50%].

"Stop the bus and turn off the engine." Bai Zemin approached the male student driver and tapped him lightly on the shoulder as he pointed to the edge of the road to signal him to stop.

" O-Okay!" The student driving the bus Bai Zemin was riding in nodded, coming out of his dazed state after the horrifying sight of the outside world, and hurriedly lined the vehicle upon the road carefully.

Seeing the main bus edging to the side of the road, the other nine drivers did not know what was happening but followed the example of the first one and began to edge as well since the other leaders who were distributed among the buses did not object either.

Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, Liang Peng, Wu Yijun, Fu Xuefeng, Cai Jingyi, Kang Lan, and Zhong De got off the buses they were riding on just in time to see Bai Zemin slowly descending from the bus he was riding on with his sword firmly gripped in his right hand.

When the nine of them gathered and even before anyone asked a question to understand what was going on, zombies began to appear everywhere.

From a flower shop whose glass door had broken, from a house with a smashed wooden door, from the edge of the opposite street, crawling out from underneath cars and tearing part of their bodies apart, turning around the corner, etc. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

No matter which way one looked, the zombies began to approach the buses slowly from the sides, from the front, and from the back.

Although those inside the buses were terrified at the grotesque view of the corpses that no longer even looked human after half a month of decomposition, everyone's attention was fixed on the nine people who remained calm with indifferent expressions.

Bai Zemin looked forward and then turned his face slightly to look behind him over his shoulder as he secretly thought that his Blood Will skill also functioned as an alert since when an enemy came within a certain range he was immediately warned.

I need to study this skill a bit more. Bai Zemin thought before looking at the people beside him and proposing: "There are a little over seventy zombies. How about we compete to see who can kill the most? Let's make this our last battle as a team before we go our separate paths."

Chen He chuckled before patting Liang Peng's back and nodding, "I agree with Bai Zemin. If we're going to say goodbye, let's do it willingly then!"

Shangguan Bing Xue also nodded in agreement. Although she did not like Liang Peng too much due to his lustful nature, she did not hate him either, and having fought together for so long and repeatedly it was inevitable that in that discontent there was at least a hint of goodwill towards him.

Fu Xuefeng and the other four looked at each other before tactically retreating, leaving only the four main leaders shoulder to shoulder.

The five of them had differences with each other and there had been several times when they had come close to fist fighting. However, since day one they had been giving it their all, sharing the same fate in that if one died the others would probably fall as well.

"If they think I'm still that slow turtle from the past then you all are wrong!" Liang Peng laughed loudly before stepping forward.

Bang!

The concrete floor cracked noisily and with a boom, Liang Peng had crossed several meters away in just a second.

Bai Zemin laughed and pointed out, "Well, after acquiring the Soul Power of some mutated First Order beasts it's only natural that you're not so slow anymore."

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

As if by prior agreement, the three of them dashed forward and in different directions before starting to hunt zombies.

Less than a hundred zombies weren't too much and any one of the four was capable of killing them all in a short time. However, as if by prior agreement, the four slowed down the killing speed as if they wanted the battle to drag on a little longer.

However, for better or worse, all things had to come to an end so that something new could begin.

Since they had decided to separate, then they had to separate.

This was something they had all known three days ago.

They had met two weeks ago, and two weeks later they separated again.

"Be careful and don't get into trouble with that personality of yours." Bai Zemin gently tapped the burly shoulder and smiled friendly.

"Brat, you really are something." Liang Peng shook his head, remembering that moment when he almost fought with the young man in front of him.

"It was a pleasure to have fought alongside you." Chen He stepped forward and stretched out his hand, taking Liang Peng's hand and shaking it tightly as a sign of goodbye.

Chen He and Liang Peng had fought shoulder to shoulder from the first moment the apocalypse broke out, so from a certain point of view, they were the closest.