Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Are you all right?" Bai Zemin frowned slightly, worried.

With everything that had happened lately he naturally didn't have the heart to stop and think for a moment, or else he would easily understand what Shangguan Bing Xue wanted to talk to Wu Yijun about and it wouldn't be so hard for him to deduce that this baby-faced, large-breasted beauty most likely already knew what she wanted to tell her in advance.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He had to take revenge on the Russian faction. 

He needed to prepare for any move the Higher Existences could make on Earth in order to suffer as minimal damage as possible.

He had to think of countermeasures to attack and not let others see him as a slaughter pen.

And now there was even the matter of the European nuclear missile...

All this not to mention the fact that Bai Zemin needed to think about the next course of advancement for his faction and the other races awakened from their seal.

For heaven's sake, Bai Zemin still had to resolve the matter of Xian Mei'er!

With so many things of utmost importance on his mind Bai Zemin naturally had no room to think about love. 

Being in love and feeling pure feelings, fighting for them ,etc. All this was wonderful and Bai Zemin approved it a hundred thousand times ... but to be happy and to love one needed to live first. Therefore, he had to focus on what was really important right now.

Wu Yijun looked at him with a serious expression, quickly putting herself in her proper role according to her position.

Seeing this, Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction and quickly asked, "Yijun, do you have the day off?"

"Ah?" She was very surprised and for a moment did not know how to react or what to say.

He quickly explained what it was all about, and even though Wu Yijun knew it was all work she was still more than happy and delighted to agree to accompany him for the rest of the day.

Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun spent the whole day together, and the number of people who saw them stopping at a fairly normal restaurant on one of the busiest streets of the base was not small.

Wu Yijun was very powerful even if she could not rank at the top. She was particularly strong fighting numerous enemies by herself, but she still had two bodyguards completely focused on her.

"The young lady looks very happy." A lady who looked to be about 25 years old commented as she looked at the bright smile on Wu Yijun's face while listening to whatever Bai Zemin was telling her.

Another lady who appeared to be a little older than the first nodded, and while watching the duo comfortably eating she remarked, "She turns down countless proposals every day. Even outstanding young men like Yang Yang who is a Third Order soul evolver got kicked out by her... I hope His Majesty will take some pity on her kind little heart."

These two women were both Second Order level 100 soul evolvers, but the power of both of them was enough to fight against Third Order level 115 soul evolvers without inconvenience; that was how pure their Soul Power was. Moreover, the fighting style and skills of the two perfectly matched Wu Yijun's style and skills.

A day of time passed quickly, so the precious time Wu Yijun spent with Bai Zemin slipped through her fingers like drops of water; she didn't even notice it at first, and it wasn't until the sun began to set that she realized that this great day was about to come to an end.

Although both Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun were the number 1 and number 3 figures in terms of importance to the entire faction, the number of people who had seen their faces was quite low so practically no one knew that mingling among the normal survivors was the King and his Right Prime Minister.

Fortunately, no one went looking for trouble.

A woman as beautiful as Wu Yijun who was like a fairy compared to the other girls naturally could not come from a small background, so although countless male survivors drooled over her no one dared to step forward to say anything in an attempt to smooth things over.

In fact, there was one young man with a bit of a background who immediately went to Roaring Lion Street when he heard of a beauty of the highest quality. With his father being best friends with a very important figure within the base's public safety bureau, this young man believed he was fine as long as he didn't step out of line as the base's laws were very strict and he didn't want to get himself or his family in trouble.

However, when this young man saw Wu Yijun's face he almost peed his pants. He glared fiercely at the little bastard who called him here and without a word walked away.

Step forward to say something? Ha! Yeah! Sure!

This young man had once had the opportunity to attend a meeting at the public security bureau, and there he saw how the head of security himself treated that young woman with black hair and big boobs as if she were his mother... No, this young man was sure that the head of general security probably did not treat his mother with so much respect!

He was still so young and wanted to live a good life for god's sake!

Besides, although the young man next to that beautiful big-breasted girl was definitely not familiar to him, he was definitely not someone normal.

Leaving aside Bai Zemin's handsome appearance that practically bewitched every woman who looked at him and attracted the hatred of countless men who would probably by the end of the day end up single, the occasional gleam that flashed in his eyes without him noticing it was more than enough to keep problems away from him and Wu Yijun.

Thus, the day for the duo was smooth and trouble-free.

After Bai Zemin talked with Wu Yijun about several matters, he handed over the Collector's Pocket Watch to her after escorting her home.

"This..." Wu Yijun looked at the antique watch in his palm and hesitated whether she should take it or not.

Everyone who was close to Bai Zemin knew how important this small pocket watch was to him and to the entire faction in general.

"Just take it with you for now." Bai Zemin grabbed her hand and placed the watch in her palm before gently closing it.

He calmly said, "The Collector's Pocket Watch is a Demigod grade treasure with a conscience. Although the old spirit is asleep, the treasure is attached to my soul so I can feel everything as it happens. When you want to enter or leave the Collector's Pocket World I will feel it, so you don't have to worry."

In the end, while feeling the warmth of his hand still lingering on hers, Wu Yijun nodded with a serious expression on his adorable face.

"I promise not to let you down."

Bai Zemin looked into her eyes for long enough to make her heart tremble slightly, and finally nodded, "I know."

He knew.

He knew that Wu Yijun would most likely rather disappoint her parents than let him down.... And perhaps this was a big part of the reason why Bai Zemin felt so bad in his heart.

"So... See you later." He said feeling a little uncomfortable.

In the past it was so easy for him to talk to Wu Yijun... but for some reason now he felt like a fool who didn't know how to behave in front of a woman.

Bai Zemin was really puzzled in his heart.

Since when had he become stupid in front of a woman? Wouldn't it be bad if Wu Yijun misunderstood his expression of discomfort and thought that he didn't want to talk to her at all?

Wu Yijun stared at his changing expression for a long time before finally a beautiful smile slowly formed on her face. Her eyes shone with a mysterious light as she cheerfully said, "Yes! See you later!"

After saying this, Wu Yijun turned around and like a cheerful child retreated towards home.

Bai Zemin was quite confused as he watched her do little hops as if she was a pleased bunny but finally shook his head and turned to leave.

Women certainly were complicated but now it seemed that he was becoming unfamiliar to himself as well.

Sitting on the edge of a 20+ story building, Lilith softly hummed an unfamiliar tune as she gently swung her beautiful legs into the void. Her bare feet glistened like precious treasures in the moonlight as she look off into the distance.

Standing with her eyes gazing skyward, Fire Sorrow lowered her head to look at her sideways and said not knowing whether to laugh or cry, "You are truly a mystery in every sense of the word... Lilith, I have no idea what you are thinking."

As a being who had lived long enough to see the rise of countless ages and fall of countless more, Fire Sorrow had seen and met all sorts of living beings throughout her long life. But even then, however, none of those living beings could compare to Lilith when it came to being so mysterious.

Even Lucifer with his strange behavior was not as mysterious as Lilith.

Back or past? Unknown.

To this day, no one, not even a single person, knew what Lilith's home world was.

Real name? Unknown.

Not even Lucifer who had the panel of members belonging to his faction could see Lilith's real name.

Age? Unknown.

​ All they knew was that she was less than 100 years old. This was a sure fact because when she got modified her racial records when she joined the Demonic Army the age of her bones and soul were very young.

Everything about Lilith was unknown or uncertain. 

In fact, if it wasn't for the fact that Fire Sorrow had a battle to the death with her a few months ago she wouldn't even know that Lilith was the holder of a Firmament Fragment; the Firmament Fragment of the Ice Goddess Skadi at that!

The only thing Fire Sorrow knew for certain after spending more time with her since meeting Bai Zemin and being able to enter Earth was the fact that Lilith had a goal.

What that goal? It was still, unfortunately, another mystery.

Lilith simply closed her eyes until they curved into a crescent shape after smiling. Her giggles were usually mischievous or teasing, but this time the giggle that came from between her luscious red lips seemed to come from her soul; innocent as that of a newborn happy to see that her complaints were finally heard by someone, one step away from getting what she had always been looking for.

Seeing her behaving like this, Fire Sorrow smiled bitterly and shook her head, "Forget it."

It was obvious that she wasn't going to get any answers any time soon.

Lilith was, without a doubt, the most mysterious being with the most unknowns around her in the whole universe despite her young age.

What was her role in this great universe? In this great cosmos filled with stars and planets?

Fire Sorrow wasn't quite sure, but given that Lilith was the partner that person had chosen to spend the rest of his life with, it would definitely not be a small role that she would play.

No one close to him was simple, and the more time they spent with him the more abnormal they would become.

Besides, hadn't Lucifer himself said so a year ago?

Lilith was the person who opened the pandora's box. She was the only person who had the key to open and close it; only she and no one else.

Who would bring the pandora's box to the universe and to life in general? Destruction and terrifying curses as the legend told? Or perhaps good times and eternal prosperity? 

Fire Sorrow's role was too small to know those answers for now.

But... since everyone close to him would become great roles, maybe she could someday get a little closer to the answers she so desperately needed to know.

And just like that, a month passed in the blink of an eye.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3