Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

During the past month many changes occurred in the Transcendent faction. Everyone was so busy working that even with the Earth in the midst of its transformation they did not even notice the changes until they finally finished the preliminary stage of the plan that Bai Zemin had only shared with two people.

One of the things that Bai Zemin focused on the most was the defense of his bases. Instead of trying to expand or build a greater number of bases, he ordered to focus entirely on the development and construction of Energy Shields, Goblin Magic Cannons, and Thermonuclear Energy Nullifiers.

While Bai Zemin's order meant that other developments and studies would be postponed as was the case with the serum obtained from Angelo's hand, or as was the case with the second variant of the vaccine to fight the zombie race as well as the development of laser weapons such as the Electromagnetic Rifles, he could not focus on wanting to develop the attack of his faction at this time.

This was because with the presence of seven of the eight Higher Existence Leaders, there was no way for Bai Zemin to know what would hit his walls tomorrow. Therefore, he preferred to strengthen what he already had before trying to get more.

What was the point of having a lot of things and a large expanse of territory if he lost it all in the end? Sometimes it was necessary to focus on defense for a while to avoid great heartache in the future.

While the developers, scientists, and factories were working overtime all month long with the pay of everyone increasing substantially during this whole process of big changes, the Collector's Pocket World underwent another big change.

Previously there was already a large plantation several kilometers in extent, so considering that time inside the Collector's Pocket World runs differently from the outside world it was to be expected that in 10 months there would be a colossal amount of resources being moved to each base.

Modified cargo trucks broke from Changping District to the nearest districts under the guard of dozens of modified military vehicles with soldiers armed to the teeth and over 200 soul evolvers above the First Order.

Not only trucks but there were also helicopters and merchant planes leaving from the air base of the only base in Changping District. These helicopters and cargo planes were guarded by battle helicopters and fighter planes while a Third Order mutant beast called Iron Neck White Crow served as a deterrent to any other air-type mutant beasts in the vicinity.

With tons upon tons of food gradually arriving at the different bases, life for the survivors improved tremendously. Some prices dropped so much that now even survivors with the most basic jobs like digging ditches around and in the vicinity of the bases could afford much better quality meals compared to the past.

Of course, not everything went so smoothly. There were some cargo trucks and commercial aircraft that encountered attacks along the way.

For example, one of the larger aircraft heading for Shanghai encountered a Roaring Flame Bird that was a giant beast of over 80 meters. This Third Order creature had the power to destroy the merchant plane and easily take out all the war helicopters that were guarding it to reach its destination.

Fortunately, Shanghai was one of the most heavily protected bases in the entire faction. When Feng Hong, the man with the highest authority in Shanghai heard that the cargo plane was being attacked by a Third Order beast, he immediately went into action. By the time he got there 30% of the allied forces had been wiped out, but with his presence it was only a matter of 30 minutes of combat before the Roaring Flame Bird succumbed incinerated by the flames of the human soul evolver.

There was also an occasion when a group of over 600 mutant beasts led by one of the Second Order attacked a convoy of land vehicles. Unfortunately for these beasts, however, none of them were able to get within 100 meters of the vehicles before they were completely slaughtered. Even the Second Order mutant beast that turned out to be a Bronze-Skinned Horned Elephant fell with a great roar after being surrounded by a dozen First Order soul evolvers with extremely pure Soul Power and bombarded by a hundred of Electromagnetic Rifles.

The survivors who had no idea how big an investment the higher ups had to make and how much care they had to take to plan the best route for each delivery naturally did not know that delivering such large shipments was no simple task considering the world they lived in. However, as a few days passed and the improvement in their lives became more and more noticeable they began to cheer the name of their King.

Some people even began to worship Bai Zemin to the point that they literally began to call him God of War and Wisdom. From normal student to the most powerful soul evolver of all and with great leadership capabilities in just a little over a year and a half; if he was not the reincarnation of the God of War and Wisdom then how could one explain such amazing feats?

A month later, 95% of all bases under the name of the Transcendent faction were finally under the protection of at least two Thermonuclear Energy Nullifiers. With these shields in place at key strategic points, Bai Zemin and his generals could now rest in peace knowing that nuclear weapons from the Italian and U.S. side could no longer harm them.

As for the other points; they would have to work harder. It would probably take them another month to cover each key point, but one month was the maximum that Bai Zemin could afford to stall all other advances for the sake of building more Thermonuclear Energy Nullifiers. In fact, this month was so hard that much of the stored resources were consumed as production was focused on a small number of things.

Another notable change was the increase in troops with mutant mounts. This was, in fact, one of the biggest changes that the Transcendent faction had experienced over the course of a month.

However, Bai Zemin had no idea about any of this. He took his role as a Leader who delegated work to others very seriously and then did what he had to do to become stronger.

...

Over 400 kilometers away from the great village of Bai Zemin inside the Collector's Pocket World.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

With a huge explosion that split the earth and sent shattered rock fragments flying in all directions, two figures broke apart after colliding with great power.

One of these figures was approximately two meters tall. His blackish blue exoskeleton shone as if it were the most efficient armor, his legs as thick as two human thighs put together and his arms large enough to compare to a normal person's torso. In addition to his two large antennae that were constantly moving, this figure's entire body showed that he was not human.

This was none other than Kong Jun. Although his level was 200 and he had yet to advance to the Fourth Order, his physical strength was probably only below Bai Zemin when he activated Overlap Regeneration. However, that same Kong Jun was looking at the figure in front of him with astonishment in his large eyes.

This figure Kong Jun was facing turned out not to be human either. It was over 4 meters tall, its entire body was made of metal despite considerably simulating the physique of a human. Its legs were at least three times thicker than Kong Jun's but its arms were about the same size but longer. This robotic entity had a sword over 2.5 meters long and a particularly striking layer of armor in the thorax area along with countless runes covering its entire body except for its head.

"Woah, quite awesome!" Little Bai Shilin who now seemed to have grown to resemble a girl in her early teens at the age of 12-13 clapped her hands and hopped happily in her place as she watched the metallic figure slowly straighten its posture after its earlier collision with Kong Jun.

Chen He was standing next to Shangguan Bing Xue, and even he was speechless as he looked at the robot, "This... Isn't this the same as cheating?"

Shangguan Bing Xue's blue eyes flashed with mild surprise, and after what seemed like an eternity she smiled faintly, "Now things will get more interesting."

Kang Lan nodded and then said regretfully, "It's a pity we can't have more of these or else we could easily sweep the Earth."

"It's not that easy." Shangguan Xinyue shook her head and said with a chuckle, "Our Little King took 4 months to make these two mechas using the information he brought back from Eventide World, and both mechas use Third Order Soul Stones as their power core. Although our faction has a few hundred Third Order Soul Stones there is no way we can use them just for these robots."

Sun Ling took a step forward and stood between Kong Jun and the 4-meter mecha. Her body was the epitome of seduction with her black leather armor hugging her curves. She smiled charmingly as she looked up at the white roboth and said, "Okay, you two have been training for over 3 hours. We'd better stop now, what do you say? If anything happens to you I'm afraid that little boy will be furious, and you know what happens when he gets upset about something."

"Ugh..." A very small sound similar to a whimper sounded from the mecha's head, clearly belonging to a girl.

Kong Jun watched as the cockpit opened from the chest, revealing a small girl who looked to be no more than 15 years old sitting in the pilot's seat. 

The girl's hair was completely white as was her skin. Her skin was so white that to some extent it looked unhealthy, as if she had no blood in her body. Her arms and legs were thin, and the dark black one-piece dress that exposed her arms and shoulders gave her the appearance of a little porcelain doll.

Shangguan Bing Xue advanced and nimbly climbed up to the mecha's chest with a wheelchair in her hand.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Good job, Kali. Now make sure you rest to avoid trouble later." 

Kali obediently let herself be helped into her wheelchair. Her chest was rising and falling heavily and her body was covered in a thin layer of sweat.

Hearing the word "trouble" said by Shangguan Bing Xue, the girl subconsciously touched her bottom. 

Seeing this, Shangguan Bing Xue forced a smile and said in a complicated voice, "That guy is really a barbarian."

"Hmph." Kali snorted in dissatisfaction as she controlled her chair to descend almost to the ground level.

A few months ago, when Bai Zemin and Kali finished working on the two mechas, the girl excited about her combat weapon didn't know how to stop when she reached her limit and passed out due to exhaustion after consuming all of her Stamina. Anyone would expect that when she woke up she would be comforted, but that was only for normal people.

Bai Zemin immediately put her on his lap and ignored all her protests as he spanked her bottom red a dozen times. Had it not been for the fact that he finally felt pity when Kali started to cry, because even though she could not move her lower body she could still feel, he would not have stopped that easily.

Although Kali was very angry with Bai Zemin and did not speak to him for over half a month, when the anger went away she understood that he was worried about her and that was the reason why he did what he did. Moreover, after remembering how his hands were trembling all that anger turned into a burst of warmth that she had never felt before.

"I already stopped but why aren't they stopping? It's not like her Gundam is much different than mine anyway." Kali asked in a cold voice as she pointed towards the other battlefield over 200 meters away.

Gundam was the name Bai Zemin had given to this type of mecha. Only a small number of people among his subordinates understood what he was doing and could not help but burst out laughing as Bai Zemin proudly announced the name of the new weapon under development.

Just at that moment, another 4-meter tall mecha with a two-bladed axe and a giant shield smashed into what appeared to be a 7+ meter dragon.

To the surprise of most, the 7+ meter tall dragon was the one that backed up after being hit in the chest by a blow from the Gundam 02's axe after blocking his tail attack with the 2+ meter tall shield. 

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3