Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Same here, pretty boy." Liang Peng chuckled before remarking in a playful tone, "By the way, I honestly think you should forget about that ice girl and find yourself a hot girl. Don't you think it's better?"

Chen He blushed in embarrassment and kicked him, "Go to hell man."

Liang Peng laughed loudly before looking at the indifferent Shangguan Bing Xue, who didn't seem to have any kind of reaction to his previous words.

She nodded slightly and said nothing more. That was her farewell greeting.

"Well, I guess that's already good coming from you." Liang Peng shook his head and said without knowing whether to laugh or cry, "If you had said some nice words to me I would have thought you were actually secretly cursing me."

Without another word, Liang Peng turned around and walked back to the bus he had gotten off, which also had seventy to eighty survivors inside.

Three days ago, when the group learned that they would not all be going the same way, Bai Zein and the rest made an announcement that some would be traveling south while others would be going north.

The survivors with family in the northern part of Ruilin City quickly stood up and expressed that they wanted to follow Liang Peng in order to find their families, which amounted to just under a hundred. As to whether their families were alive or not, that was unknown but hopes were not particularly high.

In addition to the bus with survivors, a second bus loaded with supplies such as meat, mutated beast meat, rice grains, noodles, pure water, and some small luxuries such as milk, also started its engines.

As one of the main leaders who had been fighting constantly since day one and who had obtained a large amount of supplies, Liang Peng naturally had the right to take a considerable share and Bai Zemin was not so cruel to take everything from a person with whom he had fought shoulder to shoulder.

Soon, the two buses departed with one behind and one in front, slowly moving away in a northerly direction.

As the two buses disappeared from his line of sight, Bai Zemin announced, "We should start moving too. We have a lot of work to do yet."

The rest agreed and quickly all boarded their respective buses, except Chen He, who stood for a few more seconds looking off into the distance before departing as well.

Soon, the engines of the eight buses started up and the now smaller caravan began to move in the opposite direction from where the previous two buses had left, directly moving south of Ruilin City.

As to whether the bus leaders would ever meet again, that was still unknown. In this new world, it was difficult to know if people would have the opportunity to meet again someday. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

* * *

The streets near the university were a total mess, with crashed cars and collapsed light poles along with various building debris. Therefore, even after riding for half an hour, the buses had not made much progress.

On several occasions, the group had to stop the engines to move obstacles out of the way such as moving cars off the road. As for this, Bai Zemin also made sure to have a group of survivors get off the buses under the protection of Fu Xuefeng and the rest before starting to empty the gas tanks, thus filling bottles and gallons of fuel.

At present, with work at a complete standstill, fuel was as valuable a commodity as the food. One drop less of fuel meant that there was one drop that could not be recovered in any way, and while it was already a non-renewable energy, this had worsened by thousands of levels with the coming of the end of the world.

After traveling approximately fifty kilometers south, the eight buses stopped at the roadside, right in front of four convenience stores and a large trucking company.

"Cai Jingyi, Kang Lan, take a group of people to collect anything you find useful or that may be useful in the future inside the convenience stores." Bai Zemin ordered before telling Fu Xuefeng and Zhong De to stay outside guarding the survivors and guarding the buses.

The two women nodded and quickly went to delegate the job.

On the other hand, Bai Zemin in the company of Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, and Wu Yijun, went into the trucking firm to look for as large a cargo truck as possible that would suit this new world.

The buses were good for transporting people, but they were definitely not good for carrying supplies. Besides, the snakes hanging from the roof were too conspicuous and could attract unwanted attention or trouble that could easily be avoided.

The group searched for about half an hour as the place was really big, with all kinds of trucks; tanker trucks, small cargo trucks, ladder trucks, etc.

Occasionally groups of zombies dressed in blue with hats and name tags on their chests would appear, indicating that when the Soul Record arrived on Earth, these people were at work and could not withstand the wave of mana entering their bodies, turning them into mindless mutations that only knew how to wander everywhere.

Even before these zombies could get too close, Chen He did a great job with his crossbow, killing almost all of them. The reason he left some alive was because they all wanted the beautiful and seductive Wu Yijun to level up so she could become more powerful and use her skill properly, becoming a great asset to the group as a whole.

Gradually she killed and killed zombies, slowly increasing her level. Over the past three days, Shangguan Bing Xue had taken her hunting around the university, which helped her raise her level to 8. Although she was still weak, she was many times more powerful than in the past and with a little effort and time she could catch up, or at the very least, strong enough to not be a burden, as she referred to herself.

"This one will do." Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction as he arrived in front of a huge cargo truck with a giant box in the back.

Not only was the box firmly closed by two large doors, but the front had a powerful bumper capable of withstanding the constant impact of zombies that came across the road.

Although some changes had to be made and modified so that it could circulate like the buses, temporarily this Dongfang truck was the best there was in this place.

While they were at it, a gunshot sound suddenly rang out from outside and everyone's face abruptly changed.

Bang!

"Damn it!" Bai Zemin cursed and rushed towards the exit like a whirlwind.

Clearly, something was going on! If one of the people he was nurturing died when they were not yet fully grown it would be a great loss to him!

Especially Kang Lan! Her Lesser Healing skill was something that Bai Zemin needed because even though he was strong, in a battle to the death he knew perfectly well that injuries would be inevitable!

Shangguan Bing Xue and the rest quickly followed from behind.