Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

After his thick monstrous legs slid uncontrollably along the ground for over 20 meters before finally managing to stop after leaving two large deep ditches in the way, Nanagong Yi rubbed his chest where there was a small white mark and muttered to himself, "If it wasn't for Bai Zemin giving me the records of that Fourth Order beast I'm afraid that cut would have caused me major internal injuries."

Although he was only muttering his voice was still very powerful and loud; loud enough to be heard even from a distance.

Nangong Lingxin who was about 100 meters away sighed as she lowered both hands and deactivated her defensive skill. If not for her blocking the flying pieces of stones every time someone might have lost an eye by this time.

"Looks like you still need a lot of practice." She said as she raised a hand to ask both of them to stop, "Elder brother, is it really that hard to gain control over those records you absorbed?"

"It's really hard." Nangong Yi smiled bitterly as he nodded his head.

His body soon began to shrink and the scales on his body to gradually disappear as he explained, "My level not only directly jumped to 160 but 80% of my skills improved exponentially. Also, with the mutation of my Dragon Transformation skill now becoming Grand Dragon Transformation my strength increases so much that my physical body can barely withstand it for a few minutes before I get hurt."

It had been approximately 6 months in the Collector's Pocket World since Nangong Yi absorbed the records of the Fourth Order Leviathan that Bai Zemin defeated near the shores of Shanghai. Although his strength had grown to the point where he could now fight against some Fourth Order soul evolvers, he still could not control it to perfection.

It was one of the consequences of absorbing such high-quality records abruptly. Fortunately, there was no damage to the person's soul so it was only a matter of time before Nangong Yi could make full use of his new strength.

"However..." Nangong Lingxin brought a hand to her small waist as she looked at Gundam number 02 stopping in front of them, "You've really become skilled in close combat with that thing uh? You even managed to slightly suppress this hardhead."

The mecha's chest slowly opened, revealing the person inside. 

"That's only because Nangong Yi still can't use his power properly." Meng Qi smiled brightly as she jumped off the robot nimbly.

"You say that but aren't you the same?" Nangong Yi scratched his head and said bitterly, "Meng Qi, when you can use the Magic Transmission Rune that you drew together with Kali on your mecha you will not only be able to battle physically but also be able to amplify your magic power using the robot."

"Now that's not so easy." Meng Qi sighed.

The three of them walked to approach the other group as they discussed among themselves what they had learned.

The power of the mechas increased the pilot's physical capabilities greatly depending on how much they were willing to sacrifice within the limits the core allowed. 

With the help of Kali and Meng Qi, Bai Zemin was able to make the pilots consume more Stamina in exchange for different levels of increased power. For example, Kali's level was only 40 at present so in order to fight Kong Jun on equal footing she could only use the highest level of the mecha, which consumed Stamina as a blood-sucking vampire.

While Kali could only pilot her mecha for a maximum of 3 hours before reaching the danger range of fainting from exhaustion, Meng Qi would have no problem piloting for an entire week. This was because Meng Qi's level was 115, so although there was a noticeable difference of almost 60 levels with Nangong Yi she did not need to use the highest level unlike Kali, and her Stamina, while not very high as it was not her focus, was way higher than that of a level 40 soul evolver.

It was a pity that using the Magic Transmutation Rune was not an easy task, or else Meng Qi would be able to make use of her magical skills and boost them using the power of her mecha. But even then, she was incredibly happy and more than satisfied with the robot.

As long as she had the Gundam 02 backing her up, Meng Qi was confident that she could fight soul evolvers below level 210. Closing a gap of almost 100 levels between which there was a great Order was more than Meng Qi or anyone else could ever dream of.

Because she was too focused on learning more about runes she now spent a lot of time together with Kali, neglecting her level a bit. However, it was also thanks to this that Meng Qi's knowledge of runes had increased to a whole new stage compared to the past; she was confident that she could kill even 250 level soul evolvers if given time to prepare a rune array!

During this time everyone improved horribly to the point where it could be said that they were completely different people from the past. While they couldn't stay inside the Collector's Pocket World all the time since they still needed to level up and make sure that things in the outside world were going smoothly, being able to train in this world where they had 10 times more time compared to outside had helped them to greatly refine their skills and fighting styles.

Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, Nangong Yi, Nangong Lingxin, Kang Lan, Cai Jingyi, Fu Xuefeng, Shen Mei, Bai Shilin, Sun Ling, Bai Delan, Ye Linger, Evangeline, and other small number of soul evolvers close to Bai Zemin; all of them were present, and had spent a great amount of time in the Collector's Pocket World. Some were there longer than others, but it was certain that each and every one of those present had lived more than a month compared to all living beings in the cosmos.

Shangguan Bing Xue and the others gathered around a small stone table. Standing there, each of them looked at the small hourglass. The top of the hourglass had hardly any sand left, only a few more grains were missing before gravity pulled everything to the bottom where a large amount had already accumulated.

"It's almost past the 1 month time limit set." Shangguan Bing Xue looked with longing that was practically impossible to hide into the distance as she said in a voice as sweet as honey, "That person should be about to finish his training by now."

For everyone in the outside world it might have been only a month's time, but for Shangguan Bing Xue it was 10 months. During this time, she had hardly ever seen Bai Zemin except for a limited number of times and a very short period of time after he completed the construction of the two mechas.

She now finally understood how Wu Yijun felt when she did not see him for long periods of time. This feeling of anxiety and longing was not very different to a drug addict wishing she could get her fix quickly.

Bai Delan looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with a complicated expression before sighing in his heart. He had noticed long ago that this beautiful outstanding girl seemed to have some kind of particular feeling for his son, but lately that suspicion had been 100% confirmed as Shangguan Bing Xue's attitude was completely different when Bai Zemin's name was mentioned.

As far as he was concerned in the past, having more than one life partner was something unusual and scandalous. But times had changed, and as he saw day after day how the most outstanding ones enjoyed happily and without inconvenience loving each other in large numbers, he began to think slightly different.

If others could, then why not his son? Putting aside his strength and authority, these outstanding girls had made no small effort for him. If they were all right then what right did others have to say otherwise?

...

Not far from where the group was training.

As Bai Zemin gradually broke and cracked the seal in his soul imposed by the old spirit of the Collector's Pocket Watch, the Collector's Pocket Watch World slowly underwent epochal changes.

For example, the first time Bai Zemin succeeded in making a crack the size of a grain of rice in the seal the number of trees in the Collector's Pocket World grew. Not only that but other types of beautiful plants and flowers also appeared throughout the endless grasslands.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

This time, after Bai Zemin managed to enlarge the size of that crack to the size of a grain of porridge at best, the Collector's Pocket World changed again.

Small elevations formed automatically in some areas, and slowly but surely some minerals were taking root, and although at the moment were nothing more than rocks, eventually other precious minerals such as gold, diamond, jade, and many more could born.

About 5 months ago, Bai Zemin found a little treasure while wandering around. This little treasure was a treasure of nature that did not increase his strength but was beautiful to appreciate.

Sitting with his eyes closed at the edge of a natural pond in the interior of a small forest, Bai Zemin looked like an old Taoist priest. Not only had his eyes been closed for the past two months but his posture had not moved at all during all that time.

A yellow leaf came off the branch of a tree when the wind blew particularly hard. This small leaf swayed gently in the breeze as it glided silently, stopping without causing any changes above Bai Zemin's head.

Sitting a little further away with their beautiful thigh-high bare legs and their feet in the pond water enjoying its coolness, Lilith and Fire Sorrow silently watched the yellow leaf.

A normal person wouldn't notice anything unusual, but the two of them were different. 

Even Lilith who was not very knowledgeable about spatial law and could only use it to a certain extent thanks to her second Firmament Fragment was quick to notice that the atmosphere around Bai Zemin was changing.

"Here it is." 

Lilith didn't have time to ask Fire Sorrow what she was referring to when her face lit up with joy.

The small yellow leaf suddenly began to move strangely, and from a distance the two beautiful demonesses could see the whole area around Bai Zemin begin to flutter and become a bit blurry. The next instant everything was back to normal, except for the small yellow leaf that had disappeared without a trace.

Lilith raised her head and squinted slightly at the glare of the sun piercing through the branches of the trees. From the opening of her fingers, she saw a small yellow leaf swaying down, and when she caught it Lilith couldn't help but sigh proudly.

"It only took him half a year to use his skills to get to this point. If it wasn't for him having to break his meditative state repeatedly it probably would have only taken him 3 or 4 months." Fire Sorrow had guided Bai Zemin for two whole months, teaching him to sense the space around him and explaining to him that every law could be manipulated to a certain extent by using magic, mana, and understanding what its scope and limits were. She looked at his face as serene as the pond water and commented, "I'm afraid if that 9-Headed Immortal Dragon was still alive it would probably fall in half the time if it were to fight his current self"

Suddenly, Lilith pointed her index finger directly towards the point between Bai Zemin's eyebrows. The air in front of her froze and with lightning speed a small obsidian-colored ice dart shot straight towards him, piercing the air and freezing him with ease.

Although it was only a small dart as thin as an angel's hair and the length of a finger, its power was such that the entire pond froze and the entire area 300 meters around the two beauties was weakly encased in a thin layer of frost.

Although the distance between Lilith and Bai Zemin was over 200 meters, the ice dart crossed that distance in just two seconds.

Just when it seemed that the ice dart was about to pierce Bai Zemin's forehead and pierce his brain, something very strange occurred.

Like ripples from a trembling lake, the reality in front of Bai Zemin waved and the ice dart seemed to meet some sort of invisible wall as it stopped immediately. The ice dart seemed to try to continue forward but it only managed to pierce an inch before exploding into tiny fragments.

The strangest thing was that these fragments did not fall to the ground nor did they float in the air but simply disappeared as if they had never been there in the first place.

A few seconds later and under Lilith's proud smile and Fire Sorrow's complicated eyes, those two black eyes that had been closed for the past few months slowly opened for the first time.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3