Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Thirty minutes after its start, the battle that broke out with the first clash between the Chinese faction and the Russian faction ended with the crushing defeat of the Russian army.

The whole area 4 kilometers around the main camp of the Russian advance army stationed there in order to contain the invading forces had turned into a hell.

The smell of burning corpses was extremely unpleasant while the blood that had not dried even with the high temperature of the ground looked particularly tetric with the different shades of red mingling with each other.

The sight of over ten thousand completely wrecked military vehicles gave birth to a first-rate apocalyptic atmosphere along with the incomplete enemy bodies and limbs lying all over the place in a messy manner.

Bai Zemin looked at the 12 war helicopters in front of him and nodded in satisfaction. Although these were just normal helicopters they still had plenty of ammunition, and a missile from these helicopters was capable of severely wounding a Second Order mutant beast not to mention a human.

He waved his hand and kept them all, sending them straight to the Collector's Pocket World as he listened to Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun's reports.

"We haven't lost any men this time, but over 200 were injured and among them there are 4 who can't continue fighting." Shangguan Bing Xue watched the movements of the person in front of her attentively as she updated him on the situation. "Although Kang Lan and the rest of our healing team did a great job avoiding deaths, the enemies' mana is still wreaking havoc in some of our men. In addition, 7 of our soul evolvers lost a limb after being hit by the explosion of autonomous bazookas but after being treated they refuse to retreat no matter what."

"Four out of combat and seven with heavy loss in power..." Bai Zemin turned and sat on a large rock as he thought out loud. "This loss is not bad at all considering the enemy numbered over 100 thousand and they had so much heavy weaponry... but it is still worse than we estimated."

Although this had been a monumental victory for the Transcendent faction, Bai Zemin was not extremely satisfied. This was because he and his army were still on the edge of Russia so there were infinite dangers awaiting them ahead, and considering that there were only 20,000 of them each soul evolver was of utmost importance; particularly considering that they were all elite among elites.

Additionally, one thing to keep in mind was that although the enemy had over 10,000 soul evolvers supporting the approximately 100,000 armed soldiers, every single one of those soul evolvers except for a very small handful were crap below level 10. They were probably being pushed out as cannon fodder, and it was thanks to this that Bai Zemin and the others discovered that the enemy Leader only wanted to buy time.

"On the other hand, we managed to take over 6000 weapons used by the enemy soul evolvers. Although more than 80% are only Rank 0 weapons the rest are Rank 1 while the enemy general's sword could be said to be just barely bordering on Rank 2." Wu Yijun began with the gains. "We also took control of 5 boxes which we know are filled with high caliber ammunition. Although the boxes were sealed with high encryption passwords it was easy to open them."

Bai Zemin nodded silently.

High caliber ammunition was still more than precious to humans even after Earth evolved 3 times. This was because one anti-tank bullet was enough to turn the brain of a First Order soul evolver into mush and one bazuka shot more than enough to turn the tide of a battle against a Second Order enemy.

"How many enemies threw down their weapons and surrendered?" 

None of the members of the Transcendent faction told the enemy what was the only path that would lead them to survival. Therefore, it was not until fear completely took over their bodies that some Russian soldiers began to throw down their weapons and kneel with bowed heads and trembling bodies.

"Roughly 754 soldiers and 21 soul evolvers." Wu Yijun sighed, knowing what was about to happen.

"Offer them to work for us. They will be given the position of normal citizens and will have to work twice as hard to rise in the ranks." Bai Zemin stood up before calmly adding, "As for those who are stubborn, patriotic, heroic, and loyal... Take away all their items and let them go. Oh, cut off an arm of the soul evolvers before releasing them."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Fortunately, Wu Yijun was no longer the same childish person she was before who with her innocent and kind heart thought that everyone deserved better opportunities to choose. She nodded and left to carry out Bai Zemin's order, hardening her heart forcibly.

Taking away all the enemy's weapons and letting them go in the middle of a planet that had already evolved 3 times and where dangers abounded was no different than sending them to their deaths. Even those soul evolvers with skills to help them would lose at least 30% of their strength after losing a limb so their already low chances of survival would drop even further. However, this was already Bai Zemin showing mercy.

"Son, you... Do you really have to go to such lengths?" Ye Linger hesitated and looked at him pleadingly as she said softly, "They all already surrendered. They were defeated..."

Bai Zemin sighed in his heart. Actually, he didn't want to bring his mother and she herself didn't want to come to this place but he was forced to bring her anyway.

Earth was becoming more and more dangerous, and with the arrival of so many Higher Existences whose targets were clearly not particularly friendly no one knew what might happen tomorrow. Bai Zemin needed his mother to steel herself, because he didn't know if he would be there to take care of her when it was necessary.

Although Ye Linger's level was currently 145 and she had enough magic power to rival any enemy up to 20 levels above after absorbing Thao Zhi's records, her battle experience was so null that even a Second Order soul evolver could kill her using the goodness of her heart against her. Therefore, Bai Zemin had to push her even if he didn't like the idea.

"Mrs. Ye-"

"Call me Mother." 

Shangguan Bing Xue wanted to say something but was interrupted. It seemed that even at times like this Bai Zemin's mother did not overlook family matters that concerned her son's future happiness after all.

Shangguan Bing Xue gave Bai Zemin a sidelong glance and a smile that only he understood peeked around the corner of her lips. It was as if she was saying to him, "It was your mom who asked and not me insisting." 

"Mother." She looked at Ye Linger with a serious expression on her face and said calmly, "I know you think Bai Zemin is perhaps being a little heartless or cruel, but think for a moment and you will realize that he is actually being very, very kind."

Ye Linger thought about it seriously for a long time, but not being able to find the answer she couldn't help but look to her husband for help.

Before Bai Delan could say anything, however, Kali who was sitting on Little Snow's back pointed out, "Mrs. Ye, you are being too naive here."

"Naive...?" Ye Linger was shocked as this was the first time in her life that a 15-year-old girl called her naive.

Kali continued in an indifferent voice, "Do you really think the enemy would treat the Chinese soldiers better if they were captured? No, it would probably be the opposite. Bai Zemin not killing them, or even worse, enslaving them, is already the maximum consideration a leader can show for their enemies considering the times we are living in."

Kali's words made Ye Linger greatly startled, and for the next 3 hours she fell into deep contemplation trying to decipher whether the girl was right or wrong. However, she got her answer very soon.

After three hours of continuous marching, the group of 20,000 led by Bai Zemin finally saw the first base in the Russian country. However, this base had apparently been abandoned not long ago apparently so no battle took place there.

Looking at the scene inside the base from the sky, Feng Tian Wu could not help but yell out sharp words, "Those damn bastards are really cruel!" 

Meng Qi's face was pale as she ordered her Phantom Blue Bird to circle around the base. Behind her, Ye Linger couldn't help but cover her mouth as she stared in shock at the ground; it was only now that she understood how cruel war was, and how right Kali was about the kindness Bai Zemin was showing to his enemies.

The giant gate was wide open as if inviting the Chinese army to enter. After confirming that there were no traps hidden underground, Bai Zemin led the troops... but when they saw the scene beyond the walls they all froze in their tracks.

Leaving aside the fact that the entire city inside the walls had been destroyed to the point where it would probably be easier to build everything from the ground up instead of trying to reuse, what made the blood of the Transcendent faction troops boil was that at the front of the base and as if whoever put them there was afraid the enemy troops would not find them was a small mountain of what appeared to be at least 2000 corpses piled up.

There were young men who looked like they had been tortured in the worst possible ways, children of both genders, but most of all there were women. Each and every woman, regardless of age, had clearly been brutalized, humiliated, and finally killed with a slit throat.

Looking at the expressions of horror and pleading still imprinted on the faces of his slain compatriots, Chen He's handsome face contracted fiercely as he let out a furious roar like that of a lion.

"Fucking heartless animals!!!"

As if that was the sign of something, all the soul evolvers who had just woken up from their shock immediately started shouting all sorts of curses at the top of their lungs. The craziest ones directly broke formation and as if possessed by something rode their beasts through all corners of the city in search of any Russians.

Bai Zemin stared silently at the mountain of corpses. His expression was surprisingly calm as he read the words written in blood on a large white sheet tied to the top of the mountain of bodies.

"I hope our friends from China have made good use of the weapons we gave in exchange for a little manpower. We certainly made the most of the human hands that you so kindly traded with us. Cordial respects, Colonel Roman Valeryevich of the proud Army of the New Russia."

Bai Zemin closed his eyes slowly as he stood in front of the over 2000 bodies. It was only now that he remembered a very important fact that he had inadvertently forgotten because of all that was taking place.

Liang Peng and his faction of allies had obtained weapons from the Russians, this was true. However, the Russians did not help completely for free. Although Russia was forced to back down and surrender the territory Liang Peng had promised them after Bai Zemin defeated him and united China, the Russian faction should still have at least a few thousand Chinese citizens in their control.

A flash of guilt shone for an instant in Bai Zemin's heart as he realized that if he had moved earlier he could have saved so many innocent lives, sparing them who knew how much hellish suffering in the process. However, that guilt was overwhelmed by the anger he was with great difficulty containing within his chest.

Someone capable of doing such a thing was not human; someone capable of doing such a thing was worse than beasts and zombies.

Bai Zemin was smart, he naturally knew that the Russian faction wanted to make him angry and push deeper into Russian territory with his army for some reason unknown to him. They were probably setting a terrifying trap for Bai Zemin, and he knew it perfectly well.

However, Bai Zemin would gladly jump into that trap now.

In the face of genuine power, every scheme was useless. This was something Bai Zemin firmly believed.

"Roman Valeryevich." Bai Zemin opened his eyes, and with the mountain of bodies in front of him being reflected in his pupils he nodded, "That name and that surname, I will remember them."

His voice sounded no different than usual, but as Wu Yijun looked at his back she couldn't help but exchange glances with Shangguan Bing Xue.

Both of them had been with him from the beginning and therefore understood the kind of person the existence called Bai Zemin was.

Now, the same thought blazed in the hearts of both beauties, and that was that the Russians would regret their choices and actions.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3