Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Russia was an incredibly large country before the world evolved therefore one could only try to imagine how vast its lands had become now that the Earth had gone through three evolutions.

In addition, Russia and China had a great difference that was probably present in the other countries as well.

"Ice Spears!" Bai Shilin pointed her little hand forward as she activated Ice Maker.

The mana inside the little girl's body surged as it sensed the magic power activating it and immediately responded to her command. The rune of Ice Maker in Bai Shilin's soul glowed at the same time as dozens of large-sized shining ice spears formed in the sky.

The ice spears with the power to topple buildings and freeze an entire village broke the wind resistance easily before sticking into the bodies of the more than 20 mutant beasts whose sizes were colossal to say the least.

There were gigantic pythons over 300 meters long, there were white bears over 6 meters tall, there were even 5 mutant snow sheep that were over 3 meters each. However, none of these Second Order creatures managed to escape unscathed from Bai Shilin's attack.

The weaker creatures died instantly while those with a higher defense such as the giant pythons and the two white bears suffered serious injuries and had much of their bodies frozen under thick layers of ice.

Bai Shilin and Luo Ning moved at lightning speed towards their enemies. 

The little silver-haired loli waved her two fists covered by a pair of snow-white gloves and in an instant turned the body of the first giant python into bloody mist. Taking advantage of the fact that the annoying Agility of these flexible enemies had been practically sealed by her ice attack, Bai Shilin immediately began to slaughter them without apparent difficulty.

Although Luo Ning was neither as fast nor as powerful, she still managed to easily take out the two 6-meter tall white bears. Her greatsword turned the body of the first one into pulp while her Giant Shadow Wolves took care of tearing the second white bear to death.

The whole process took less than 10 seconds.

When the two girls were done with their enemies they turned to look at the others just in time to see Nangong Lingxin using her sword to decapitate an Amur Tiger.

Bai Shilin ran over and threw herself into Shangguan Bing Xue's arms. She looked at her with her big doe eyes and blinked innocently, "Mommy, there are so many monsters in this place..."

Right, this was precisely the biggest difference Russia had with China.

Unlike Bai Zemin who had focused on chasing every possible enemy out of the places his faction would be occupying, it seemed that the Russian Leader did not bother too much with this matter. Although China was also filled with mutant beasts, Russia seemed to be their natural realm in comparison.

Nangong Lingxin buried her sword deep into the snow to wipe away her enemy's blood as she said, "At this rate we might as well spend a whole 1 year here."

"I don't understand how these Russians can be so mentally retarded." Even Fu Xuefeng cursed as he sat wearily on the body of an elephant that had mutated into a Third Order Black Armored Behemoth. It had been very difficult for him to kill this beast even though his level was higher due to its high defense, "If they continue to let the beasts breed out of control it will only be a matter of time before they wipe Rusia off the map."

It had been 5 days since Bai Zemin and his team arrived in Russia. During this time, they had been following the map Evangeline and Wu Yijun had managed to shape after a month of effort, but they were met with a not-too-pleasant surprise.

"Those damn Russians really know how to run fast!" Nangong Yi beat the body of his already dead enemy to a pulp to vent his anger. "Do they only know how to run and hide? I swear, if I capture one I'll make them regret playing with this elder and I won't stop until they've forgotten how to spell their name!"

Over the past 5 days, the elite assault army of the Transcendent faction arrived at 2 more bases apart from the base where they encountered the mountain of corpses of their compatriots. However, those two bases had been razed to the ground and there was no longer anything of use. 

It was as if the Russians did not want to leave behind a base for the invading team to occupy and use as an advance fort, which was understandable. 

Bai Zemin coldly looked at the surroundings while thinking to himself, 'Thank heavens I have the Collector's Pocket World, otherwise it really would have been a pain in the ass.'

Had it not been for the Collector's Pocket Watch, Bai Zemin and his team would have had no choice but to sleep in the open. Sleeping out was not a major problem in itself, as they were all elite soul evolvers with high levels. The real problem was that all of Russia seemed to be infested with monsters!

Not being able to sleep well at night, the constant wars against mutant beasts, added to the cold... Even the strongest and most sturdy soul evolver would eventually succumb to such a configuration after several days. 

"Unfortunately for them, their plan is not working out as they probably expected." Meng Qi snorted. She was incredibly furious with the Russian troops and also wanted to avenge all those poor innocent souls who were treated worse than cows.

"All thanks to my big daddy!" Wen Yun exclaimed happily.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Ah?" Luo Ning looked at her and asked in confusion, "What did you say?"

"Uh? All thanks to my big brother?" Wen Yun tilted her head in confusion in the same way as Luo Ning.

Wen Yan looked at her twin sister with a blank expression as the adults burst out laughing.

Bai Zemin shook his head and sighed with a wry smile at the corner of his mouth. Although this girl, Wen Yun, was like a little devil, the truth was that her always cheerful and playful attitude was like a blessing to the army at the moment.

Evangeline approached Bai Zemin stealthily and said in a low voice, "We should be arriving at a development lab soon."

Although she didn't say too much, Bai Zemin understood the situation and nodded without saying much about it.

From the first and only battle they had held against the Russian troops so far they learned that the enemy needed to delay for at least 6 hours. However, the Russian troops were defeated in half an hour, and after another thirty minutes to organize everything the Transcendent faction troops were back on the move.

Not only that but thanks to the existence of the Collector's Pocket World where time ran differently it was as if the allied troops did not need to sleep more than a few minutes. Therefore, the time that the Russian faction needed was not only not obtained but Bai Zemin and his army were fast approaching whatever they were doing.

In fact, had it not been for the mutant beasts repeatedly attacking it was most likely that they would have already run into a large armed force by this time. 

"All right, everyone." Bai Zemin clapped his hands to get the army's attention and said loudly, "Get ready to fight. This time we will be attacking one of the enemy faction's most important development labs... I refuse to believe they just abandoned it without further consideration!"

As if they had been injected with some kind of drug, all the warriors raised their swords to the sky and shouted loudly causing the snow mountains in the distance to tremble slightly.

They all needed to release some of the frustration and anger they were holding in their chests. The mutant beasts only served as a temporary measure and they needed Russian enemies! Otherwise they feared that their hearts might explode at any moment because of holding back for so long!

Indeed, two days later, when it was 1 week since the elite army of the Transcendent faction entered enemy territory, the second war between the two sides broke out.

...

One of the generals of the Russian army whose power was that of a level 156 soul evolver looked into the distance with a cold expression on his face.

"These damn Chinese really are fast." Nil Yanovich snorted speaking in Russian.

Next to him, a man who looked to be 29-30 years old with a scar on the right side of his face said in a hoarse voice, "Yanovich, how long until we finish clearing out the energy lab?"

This man was actually over 70 years old and the war wounds on his body were so deep that even evolution could not completely remove them from his records yet. Even before the Soul Record arrived on Earth, this man already held a practically supreme position in the Russian military and was known as Northern Tiger to his enemies.

"Colonel, I'm afraid we need another 20 minutes." Nil Yanovich frowned and a glint of concern shone in his eyes as he said slowly, "Those 20 minutes are needed to move the equipment but I'm afraid to move the people we will need at least 2 hours."

The man Nil Yanovich referred to as Colonel nodded. After a brief pause, he said coolly, "After moving the equipment to the 'Gate' let our men slowly retreat first. As for the survivors... if there is room left let them pass, and if not leave them for these Chinese to take care of."

Nil Yanovich's pupils contracted slightly when he heard such a cruel order. 

The man who gave the order was Roman Valeryevich, the same man who had ordered to massacre the Chinese not without first torturing them in the worst existing ways. Nil Yanovich knew that the Chinese army would definitely be furious so one did not need to be a genius to know that once they made contact with any Russian life form they would retaliate in the worst way they could think on.

Roman Valeryevich patted the shoulder of the young man next to him hard and turned to leave, "Yanovich, our motherland has no cowards. To die for the sake of Russia should be the pride of all of us, don't you think? We will naturally avenge their grievances and complaints soon."

Nil Yanovich took a deep breath and nodded, his face becoming resolute.

He looked again into the distance, and seeing the army of several thousand rapidly approaching spat on the ground: "You are so eager for your own destruction but you don't even know it. As expected from a pack of mindless apes."

Just then, a beautiful bird with bright red feathers let out a high-pitched cry from the distant clouds. Nil's ice-blue eyes met a beautiful pair of reddish eyes that seemed to want to incinerate his soul, but he simply sneered before descending the mountain swiftly.

In the sky several kilometers away, Feng Tian Wu pointed ahead and with anger burning in her gaze coldly said, "Giant Flames Javelin."

Her voice was not loud, but it still spread across the sky. The other air-type mutant beasts, including Meng Qi's Phantom Blue Bird, quickly flew away from Feng Tian Wu and her mount as the clouds above their heads began to be tinged in red.

Within seconds, a giant spear that was as big as a 20-story building appeared a few meters above Feng Tian Wu's palm.

"Accept this greeting that we have so carefully prepared for you!" Feng Tian Wu waved her hand forward in great frustration and raging anger.

Rumble...

The sky began to tremble slightly and the snow over 8000 feet below began to melt slightly as the giant fire spear began to move forward like a monster finally freed from its restraints.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3