Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Beyond the high snow-covered mountain range was the last and most important base of the entire Russian faction in Irkutsk. 

The reason why this base was so important was not particularly due to its more than 340,000 survivors, nor was it because there were more than 130,000 armed men. In fact, even the more than 40,000 soul evolvers among whom there was no lack of elites could not compare to the real reason why the top leaders of New Russia considered this base to be one of the most important in the entire faction.

The real reason why the Russian leaders considered this base to be named Future of Irkustsk was due to the Laboratory of Technology and Magic Development. 

Russia had a total of 3 Laboratory of Technological and Magical Development, and each of these laboratories was in charge of studying, understanding, and later developing different types of technology using blueprints obtained from the killing of enemies; be they humans, zombies, or mutant beasts.

With a team of more than 70 developers with experience in the field, Laboratory Number 1 had already managed to complete numerous technologies for the Russian faction. Among them were advanced technologies that worked on the basis of magic and Soul Stones.

From the top of the city walls, Roman Valeryevich watched with eyes as cold as an eagle's as the reddish sky seemed to get closer and closer to them.

The soul evolvers behind him sweated as they watched the flame-shrouded clouds descend. They could all see the shadow of fire as big as a building, the spear of doomsday falling directly toward them.

"C- Colonel Roman." A beautiful Russian female who looked to be about 24 years old wiped the sweat from her forehead as she stared at the enemy attack.

Boom!!!

Even before it hit, half of the huge snowy mountain exploded as if it could no longer withstand the pressure of the ever closer giant fire spear.

Rumble...!!!!

The ground of the city began to tremble, and even from the walls over 100 meters high the tremor was transmitted directly to the feet of the frightened soul evolvers and soldiers.

No one doubted at all that if such an attack fell on the city all the survivors would end up turning into mortal remains and all the existing buildings would end up being incinerated and subsequently turned into nothing under the power of the enemy's flames.

"As expected of the Scarlet Fire Witch." Roman Valeryevich looked coldly at the flaming spear before ordering without looking back, "Raise the Retribution Guard and let those Chinese know once and for all the consequences of trespassing into our motherland without authorization."

"I- Understood!" That same pretty Russian from before nodded and quickly gave an order using the military radio in her right hand.

There were only a few seconds left before the flaming spear would fall on them hence the fear in everyone's eyes became evident. However, seeing the relaxed posture of their Colonel no one moved or said anything.

In the sky, Feng Tian Wu felt that there was something odd about the enemy's movements...This was exactly because the enemy was not moving at all!

"Could it be that they really became stupid because of the cold?" Feng Tian Wu muttered to herself as the frown on her face grew deeper.

Suddenly, Feng Tian Wu's beautiful reddish eyes widened slightly as a flash of bright azure light reflected in her pupils. The bright light rose in the form of a pillar from the tallest building in the enemy city, soaring 400 meters into the sky before suddenly spreading out in all directions of the base, forming a large glowing dome in less than two seconds.

The glowing dome seemed to cover from 1 meter in front of the four walls and around the entire base to the sky 400 meters above. 

Under the astonished eyes of not only Feng Tian Wu but also all the soul evolvers of the Transcendent faction's army, the huge fire spear whose size was comparable to that of a large building smashed into the glowing dome. However, the shocking thing had not yet happened for them.

Rumble!!!

The ground around the base sank slightly and the crimson flames that rained down after detaching from the fire spear began to set the entire area on fire. The snow melted like small ice cubes thrown into a volcano, the earth hidden beneath the snow turned black in an instant, and any grass that showed the slightest sign of growing was turned into nothing.

Suddenly, the shield glowed releasing a powerful white radiance and before any of the allied forces could react the huge fire spear exploded.

"My God!" Nangong Yi exclaimed as he covered his ears.

The sound of the explosion had been so loud that some people's ears began to bleed as no one had expected such a thing and thus naturally did not protect themselves against it. 

As the earth shook heavily and some mounts showed signs of panic, Bai Zemin secured Kali as he called out, "Bing Xue!"

Bai Zemin didn't need or have time to say more when Shangguan Bing Xue raised her hand towards the sky. An oversized magic circle glowed above her open palm and all the surroundings froze in an instant as her magic power surged outward from her body.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Ice Goddess Trident!" 

A giant trident over 150 meters long and as thick as a tree trunk broke from inside the magic circle, whistling skyward at lightning speed and freezing the air 200 meters around it wherever it passed.

At the same time, a great torrent of flames that surprisingly contained all the magical power used by Feng Tian Wu in her attack and a little more shot out from a white magic circle that appeared out of nowhere at the top of the dome that protected the Russian base.

The speed of the magical attack was so fast that it arrived before Feng Tian Wu's wide open eyes in a jiffy. 

At any other time or circumstance, Feng Tian Wu would certainly have no problem facing this kind of attack. However, she was extremely surprised as this was the first time she had encountered this kind of situation; not even Nangong Lingxin's magic barrier coupled with her Reflect skill could return Feng Tian Wu's magic attacks!

Just at that moment, cold wind blew up from below, bringing Feng Tian Wu back to reality. Before she could do anything, the ice attack and the fire attack met in the middle of the sky.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

Bright flames and ice particles mingled in the sky after the magic explosion caused by both attacks. Over 2 kilometers of sky underwent a huge color change, with 1/3 being occupied by crimson flames and the other 2/3 being occupied by what appeared to be a beautiful but terrifying storm of ice crystals.

The shockwave pushed Feng Tian Wu's mount backwards, but her Devastation Queen who was a Third Order mutant beast was a living being with intelligence not below that of a human being. Instead of resisting, the Devastation Queen let out a cry as it turned its body and taking advantage of the thrust from behind, it sped away like a flash of lightning.

"Tian Wu, are you okay?" 

A sweet voice clearly belonging to a girl called out, bringing Feng Tian Wu back from her shock. 

"I-I'm good..." Feng Tian Wu nodded as she looked back. She forcibly calmed her fluttering heart as she stroked her mount's feathers, "Good movement."

Just now, if not for her mount and that ice trident Feng Tian Wu would definitely have received grave damage.

Looking back, Feng Tian Wu let out an inaudible sigh as she watched Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue working as a team to quickly reorganize the army that had slightly fallen into chaos.

Ice spears and blood spears, silver and red mixed together to shatter all the flames falling from the sky. Although the blood spears were clearly not as effective as the ice spears, they had something that absorbed the mana from the flames, easily extinguishing them.

Inside the protective dome, the soul evolvers sighed in relief as the terrified survivors fell to their knees with weak legs.

"M-My G-God..." Another Russian beauty took a deep breath and exhaled as she said, "This is the first time we've used the Retribution Guard since it was developed half a month ago."

"Thank heavens it worked... Otherwise..." Another soul evolver, also a Third Order powerhouse, sighed in relief as he refused to talk about the consequences.

"It's a pity that the power consumption is so high." Colonel Roman Valeryevich's eyes met indifferently in front of the enemy Leader's cold eyes, "So that's that brat called Bai Zemin huh. That Xuanyuan Wentian really is a good-for-nothing, losing to a couple of brats despite having all the advantage from the start."

Roman looked at the man beside him and calmly asked, "General Yanovich, how long can the Retribution Guard hold its ground?"

Nil Yanovich thought for a moment before extending two fingers. However, as if thinking of something, he lowered one of those fingers and left only 1 standing as he said, "Normally it would be 2 hours, but I'm afraid against this enemy only half of that at best."

"1 hour in exchange for 1 Fourth Order Soul Stone..." Roman Valeryevich shook his head and sighed as he looked at Bai Zemin coldly, "I really want to rip those kids' heads off."

Without waiting for anyone to say anything else, Colonel Roman turned to leave as he waved his hand in the air, "Speed up the retreat process. Our Leader already has plans for these Chinese so you better not intervene too much for now."

"Yes!"

...

"So that man is Roman Valeryevich?" Bai Zemin asked as he nodded calmly on the surface.

Mounting a Purple-Striped Black Panther, Evangeline nodded, "Although he looks way younger and almost unrecognizable due to evolution, that z-shaped scar is characteristic of the Northern Tiger."

"Northern Tiger?" Bai Zemin looked at her puzzled. He was just a normal student until less than 2 years ago so naturally he didn't know any Northern Tiger or Southern Dog.

"More than 40 years ago, in Alaska, Russia and the United States had a hidden confrontation of which only the top leaders of both countries know the exact reason. Although the Americans are much closer to Alaska and won back then, this was only because Russia sent only 50,000 men. It was that man, Roman Valeryevich, who with his army managed to kill over 100,000 Americans and withstand the enemy assault of another 200,000 for 2 whole months."

"I see. That's why Northern Tiger." Bai Zemin nodded indifferently.

"From what I understand, Roman Valeryevich was already a modified human who underwent the experimental serum test back then." Evangeline said in an ice-cold voice, "He's definitely strong at this point, and he was also considered one of the strongest men in the world even before we started evolving."

"Isn't he just a good-for-nothing old man?" Kali said suddenly. She slightly lifted her little head from Bai Zemin's back and said indifferently, "This guy probably just needs a slap to turn that old man's head into a pile of bloody pulp doesn't he?"

"That's..." Evangeline blinked in surprise as she couldn't find words to refute what Kali had just said.

"It doesn't matter if it's the Northern Tiger or the Village Cat, that old thing sealed his fate the moment I learned his name." Bai Zemin waved his hand and roared back, "Get ready to take down that eggshell!"

One of the strongest men in the world? Bullshit!

Xuanyuan Wentian was also one of the strongest men in the world in the past but in the end he suffered miserably at the hands of Bai Zemin's faction.

But this Village Cat would not be so lucky, because unlike Xuanyuan Wentian who was treated by Shangguan Bing Xue, it would be Bai Zemin himself who would take care of him.

"Let's return their favor for taking care of our brothers and sisters!" 

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3