Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After soaring into the sky just above the giant blue dome that protected the enemy city from all damage and attack, Bai Zemin wasted no time and immediately gave his order.

"All those below the Third Order, stand back!"

His voice resounded through the sky and earth like thunder, and even the attacks of those Second and First Order soul evolvers that were strong enough to flatten small and large sized towns paled in comparison.

"Leader?"

"The Leader is finally about to make his move!"

"Leader, smash this turtle shell to pieces so that we brothers can avenge the sorrows of our compatriots!"

"..."

Even as they shouted in joy, frustration, and fury, the elite troops who were not called like that just because of their strength immediately jumped onto their mounts and hurriedly retreated.

Bai Zemin activated Blood Manipulation and invested 400 points of his total Mana to shape a spear. However, instead of forming any spear he first took a couple of seconds to focus 99% of all that Mana he had spent on the tip without letting the body lose form.

"Feng Tian Wu, Shangguan Xinyue, Nangong Yi. You three prepare to break down the enemy's protective shield, everyone else be ready to charge when the barrier falls!" 

At Bai Zemin's order, everyone immediately began to move.

Feng Tian Wu and her mount rose high in the sky. She raised her right palm while coldly gazing at the city below and as the Mana inside her body surged her magical power exploded, causing everything within 700 meters around to start overheating more and more.

"Li Lei, shoot your strongest attack!" 

The beautiful crimson-feathered bird let out a shrill cry in response. Countless lightning bolts began to gather around it, and in a few seconds its entire figure seemed to turn into a lightning creature. In its mouth, a small crimson ball with red lightning crackling noisily around it began to spin faster and faster with each passing second.

Shangguan Xinyue and her Silver Flood Dragon also rose high into the clouds. As the strong freezing winds in the area gathered all together, slowly shaping into what appeared to be a giant dragon made of icy wind and covered in lightning, Shangguan Xinyue whose face had a smile that was not a smile slowly said, "Grandpa Jiao, please do your thing."

"Brat, you'll have to feed me properly after this." An old but gentle male voice came out of the huge flood dragon's open mouth as its entire body glowed and a flash of silver light began to shape into a glowing silver magic circle over 200 meters in diameter.

Nangong Yi was the most straightforward of all.

Because his mount was not of the flying type, he roared into the sky and activated his strongest skill without a second thought. His body grew abruptly, rising to over seven meters tall and becoming as sturdy as two or three large trucks placed side by side. 

Flapping the pair of fleshy wings that had grown on his back, Nangong Yi soared skyward and stopped at the corner opposite Bai Zemin's and in front of Feng Tian Wu, completing a kind of square. His mouth opened wide and the edges of his scales glowed as he activated the skill that once belonged to the Third General of Hell, making a thin, small sphere of glowing blue light begin to take shape in the center of his jaws.

Bai Zemin clenched the glowing crimson spear with strange golden runes in his right hand and nodded towards Shangguan Bing Xue before looking at Nangong Lingxin. There was a reason why Bai Zemin had not asked for Shangguan Bing Xue's help this time other than the fact that her destructive power was not particularly high, and it was that if something bad happened he needed someone really powerful to protect the troops.

Surprisingly, Nangong Lingxin did not need him to say anything. She smiled somewhat nervously and exclaimed, "Leave it to me!"

Bai Zemin extended his right arm outward at shoulder height as he said loudly, "Xia Ya, use it now!"

Xia Ya did not delay and immediately activated Wolf Pack. However, this time she used the second activation of this skill; second activation she had learned after evolving to the Third Order.

"Heavenly Bond!"

Little Snow who was standing next to Bai Shilin suddenly trembled slightly as a small shiver ran through her body. 

"Little Snow, are you okay?" Bai Shilin asked worriedly as she gently stroked her flawless fur.

The large giant wolf-like dog howled softly and shook her head as she rubbed her giant head on the little girl's body, making her giggle happily. Her sky-blue eyes sparkled with intelligence as she gazed up at the sky intently and waited in silence.

In the now rumbling sky as a result of the activation of so many extremely powerful magical skills, Bai Zemin's black eyes suddenly gained a bright blue tint. 

The second activation of Wolf Pack, Heavenly Bond, allowed Xia Ya to link the records of one existence with Bai Zeminin's records. At first glance it might seem like garbage considering that the full activation of the skill linked thousands of records to Bai Zemin's records, but it was the side effect of Heavenly Bond the real deal.

Wolf Pack allowed the natural stats of others to rise horribly thanks to being linked to the records of someone as powerful as Bai Zemin, but Heavenly Bond allowed Bai Zemin to create a measurably stronger connection between himself and a single existence. 

Little Snow was a Third Order mutant beast, but her destructive power was probably among the lowest of all those of her level. However, this did not mean that she was weak in any way. In fact, among all the mutant beasts present maybe not even Shangguan Xinyue's Silver Flood Dragon or Feng Tian Wu's Devastation Queen could beat Little Snow in a fair 1 vs 1 battle.

Bai Zemin stared at a particular spot on the energy shield. Unlike the rest, he could see that there was a kind of colorless ball moving at high speeds, going back and forth on the surface of the shield.

"So that's the point." His lips curved slightly as he muttered, "This 'Piercing Gaze' Little Snow has is really every defense's nightmare."

Piercing Gaze not only allowed the user to find the weakest point of any defense but also guaranteed 100% penetration on the next attack. It was precisely for this reason that Bai Zemin chose to link up with Little Snow's records this time.

Draining the full power of a Fourth Order Soul Stone was no simple task at all even for him, and Bai Zemin could not activate THAT skill knowing that he could end up killing his allies and even destroying the world if he was not extremely careful.

Inside the protective shield, the Russian Colonel's expression turned incredibly ugly and a bad feeling struck his heart when he saw the slight curve on the young enemy leader's lips.

"Don't tell me that Chinese monkey really..." Roman Valeryevich didn't want to believe what he had just thought but his instincts as a warrior nurtured over the years on the battlefield warned him otherwise.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Attack right behind me!" 

Bai Zemin's voice sounded like thunder and even from a distance was heard by the Russian soldiers and survivors inside the protective dome.

"Make sure to follow the target of my spear!" Bai Zemin made the Endless Blue Lotus Flame burn, and the crimson spear was soon covered by a thin but frighteningly strong layer of deep blue fire with black hints on the core.

Not holding back his over 7000 Strength points at all, Bai Zemin threw the spear at the same time as he activated Gravity Manipulation x20 to increase its power even more.

Swoosh!!!

The attack was so fast that if it weren't for the blue line that was marked in the sky it would have been impossible for the others to follow the course of the attack.

"Sun Flare!" 

Feng Tian Wu's voice had fallen alongside her index finger pointing towards the energy shield when from the clouds engulfed in flames a beam of blazing fire shot out. The beam was so fast that it narrowly missed shattering the sound barrier.

At the same time, her mount Li Lei Lei cried out piercingly and a small ball of lightning shot forward. The ball of lightning was incredibly fast, and for every split second that passed its size doubled until it finally became a small sun over 1000 meters in diameter before it reached the shield.

"Freezing Lightning Dragon!"

The clouds above Shangguan Xinyue's head burst as the roar of a beast over 2000 meters long descended. Despite being just an illusion, the giant dragon actually seemed to be alive as it flew closely following the other attacks.

At the same time and from the magic circle that the Silver Flood Dragon had built, a silver moon that gave off large amounts of mana shook the sky as it fell.

Nangong Yi joined the roar of the two dragons, and from the center of his open mouth, a flash of bright blue light completely broke through all natural resistance. Although the beam of light was as thin as a hair, its power was capable enough to kill tens of thousands of soul evolvers with complete ease.

Standing on top of the tallest building right next to the machine that allowed the protective shield to exist, Russian Colonel Roman Valeryevich's pupils had shrunk to the size of needles at the precise instant the flame-wrapped blood spear left Bai Zemin's hand.

Out of pure instinct, the old Colonel took half a step to the left and barely had time to move his head to the left when something that would not even have happened in his nightmares occurred in the real world.

Bang!

The sound had been low and practically inaudible amidst the constant rumbling of the sky and earth, but in Roman Valeryevich's ears that small sound was even louder than the explosion of an atomic bomb. 

That followed by the immediate pain he felt in his left cheek made this old Colonel who despised young men realize for the first time that the Chinese little guy in the sky could not and should not be underestimated in any way.

With his right cheek burned and his flesh scorched, Roman Valeryevich ignored the pain on his face and the high temperature growing behind him. Hastily, he pulled out a golden ceramic plate and threw it skyward before jumping to the ground without hesitation.

It was also at that moment that the other attacks hit the energy shield; exactly in the same place that the blood spear had penetrated and pierced through as if it wasn't there at all.

RUMBLE...!!!!

The defensive shield rumbled fiercely and its entire surface glowed so brightly that its radiance was literally more powerful than that of the sun.

The earth around the entire base sank deeper and deeper as the stones broke into countless pieces. It was only a few seconds before the entire base appeared to have been built in the middle of an abyss more than 200 meters deep.

"Impossible!" Nangong Yi screamed in shock as he saw that the enemy's protective shield still held firm even against all those powerful attacks.

Shangguan Xinyue smiled bitterly and shook her head as she said, "Little King, I just consumed half of my Mana to control 3 elements at the same time you know?"

"It's okay, don't worry." Feng Tian Wu suddenly snapped her fingers, and although it was just a normal snap it actually resounded with the power of thunder in the middle of the day.

Under everyone's shocked eyes, the entire glowing shield suddenly turned a fiery red and in an instant was filled with yellow cracks coated with flames. 

BANG!

The shield exploded.

The remaining power of the attacks launched by 3 of the most powerful soul evolvers of the entire Transcendent faction, as well as that of 2 Third Order beasts, continued their descent towards the now half-destroyed city.

However, when Bai Zemin looked at the small golden porcelain plate floating upwards his pupils trembled and a glint of greed shone in his eyes.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3