Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Actually, Wu Yijun was not the only one who had run into trouble.

Fu Xuefeng was jumping from rooftop to rooftop more than 5 kilometers of where Wu Yijun was when he suddenly stopped.

Boom!!!

He looked into the distance and frowned as he saw several buildings collapsing in a cloud of dust and fire.

"That is..." The words Fu Xuefeng was saying died in his throat as his expression changed and without hesitation he kicked the ground he was standing on to jump backwards.

BOOM!!!!

The building collapsed and the stones were practically turned to dust. 

"What a pity..."

Fu Xuefeng looked with cold eyes at the sturdy man emerging from the dust cloud. His gaze focused on his thick arms like covered trees before moving to his face which was enclosed by a kind of shell.

"Really, it's a pity." Fu Xuefeng snorted and threw his dagger wrapped in a dense layer of lightning towards the center of the enemy's forehead.

A Second Order soul evolver wanted to attack him? Fu Xuefeng really didn't know whether the other party was too brave or stupid.

However, what happened next surprised him greatly.

The burly man actually managed to be quick enough to react to Fu Xuefeng's attack, but all he did was raise his right arm.

The dagger that Fu Xuefeng threw was a Rank 3 equipment with over 4400 physical attack points, yet it actually bounced off without even leaving a mark on the strange shell that covered the other party's arms.

Putting aside the power of the weapon, the skill Lightning Spark that Fu Xuefeng had activated increased the power of his attacks by 15% with lightning base; this added to his total power was already very scary, and a Second Order soul evolver would normally fall in a second!

"Blue Lightning Demon Fu Xuefeng." The stout man's voice was powerful and strong. "My name is Viktor Innokentievich and my level is 97. My base attributes are mainly Strength and Agility, added to the two doses of human modification serum I was supplied with you can forget about defeating me."

Fu Xuefeng extended his hand outward, a flash of blue lightning crackled in his palm and as if it had a life of its own the dagger he had thrown earlier flew towards him. He looked coldly at his enemy as he played with his dagger, and after a moment he sneered, "You are almost as arrogant as big brother, except that big brother has the qualifications to be arrogant but you don't."

Soon, the two began to fight. However, Fu Xuefeng was shocked in his heart to discover that the defense of his enemy was frighteningly high... and as if that wasn't enough, his regeneration was definitely inhuman!

Even after losing one arm, Viktor Innokentievich only needed one minute to regenerate another one completely!

...

Bai Zemin naturally did not quite know what was happening on others sides of the base. He had full confidence in his troops, particularly in his generals and commanders. The defeat of any of them was something that never crossed through Bai Zemin's mind; not even for a second.

At the moment, Bai Zemin was busy with the matter in front of him.

Although he had managed to catch the golden ceramic plate and confirmed that it was a Legend grade treasure, Bai Zemin had to seal it in a blood sphere so that the item would no longer fly away. As for keeping it or stealing it, it seemed that he first had to break the connection between the ceramic plate and its owner.

"Mmm..." Bai Zemin looked at the dozen soul evolvers, all of them lying on the ground with their hearts or foreheads pierced and dead in their own pools of blood. "It doesn't look like any of you is.... Where is that old geezer thing?"

Although these enemies were quite strong for Second Order soul evolvers, they were still no different from ants in Bai Zemin's eyes. The difference in power between both sides was so immense that he only had to wave his hand and control a pair of blood chains to kill them all instantly.

These people had not surrounded him but instead were protecting this place.

Bai Zemin looked towards the large double door that led to some unknown room, but despite knowing that there was something very important inside and it was probably what he wanted, he did not go in but waited outside.

He looked around and after a moment of silence said with contempt: "Colonel Roman, weren't you brave enough to leave your name behind when you gave us your so-called presentation a week ago? It seems you, Russians, are just turtles who show your heads when you feel safe but hide in your carapaces at the slightest sign of problems."RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt a disturbance in the air beside him. His lips curved into a cold smile as he slashed his hand outward.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin's palm was coated by a pair of gauntlets with blades on the sides making it no different from a sword. What's more, his physical attack power was already terrifying to begin with, and together with his transcendental speed it was like a nightmare for the hidden enemy.

Blood splattered everywhere, but the enemy had not really died but kept running.

Bai Zemin activated Blood Manipulatión as he said, "Since you came then why don't you stay?"

Nil Yanovich had waited for his Colonel to go through the teleport gate together, but it was at that moment that the enemy Leader appeared like a ghost inside the room killing everyone. If not for the fact that he had activated his skill Invisibility and Trickery at the same time a second before he would probably be another corpse on the floor.

In the end, Nin Yanovich decided that if he waited any longer he would end up dead. Therefore, taking advantage of the mockery of the enemy, he tried to sneak in. Unfortunately, he was caught.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

The wound on his left arm freshly inflicted by his enemy exploded, and from his flesh, more than 10 extremely thick chains formed and coiled around him. 

The most terrifying thing was that Nil Yanovich could feel the Mana in his body suddenly being sucked out of him by something, and although the chains seemed to be very weak they actually recovered from the damage very fast by absorbing his blood.

"If you don't want to become a desiccated corpse you'd better stop doing that." Bai Zemin slowly pulled the invisible man towards him as he calmly said. "Your records are indeed those of a Third Order soul evolver, but you don't seem to be that old thing named Roman something."

Since Bai Zemin had evolved Blood Manipulation to Fourth Order it had become much easier for him to understand the records in the blood of the enemies he injured. It was no longer a challenge for him to know if his enemy was human or how strong they were as long as he had their blood and the purity of the other party's Soul Power added to their level did not surpass Bai Zemin by a wide margin.

When the Mana of Nil Yanovich bottomed out after a minute or two and his figure was revealed, Bai Zemin nodded as if confirming his suspicion.

"You're that man who was standing next to that old man right? Where is he?"

Nil Yanovich said something in Russian and then spat.

Bai Zemin naturally didn't understand Russian at all, but he did know that the other party wasn't complimenting him on his appearance. He waved his hand and from the blood chains surrounding the Russian soul evolver hundreds of tiny thorns broke off.

Nil Yanovich was a hard man and things that might drive others mad with pain would not even make him frown. However, he couldn't help but howl and writhe as the blood thorns dug into his blood.

Bai Zemin no longer said anything else as he did not know whether the other could speak Chinese or not. Instead, he continued to inject his Mana into the enemy's body, torturing him slowly, tearing his flesh apart from the inside as he waited patiently.

However, the appearance of the person he was looking for did not happen the way Bai Zemin expected.

Bringing with him a small Chinese kid who looked to be 8 or 9 years old and a beautiful woman who looked to be around 18, Roman Valeryevich calmly stepped out of the shadows. His two hands were firmly grasping the necks of both of them, and those hands looked especially large on the weak bodies of his captives.

Bai Zemin's expression did not change, but the coldness in his eyes grew richer as he looked at the man in front of him.

"If you let them go I promise to give you and your comrade a quick and painless death."

Roman Valeryevich showed no emotions before the words of his enemy, "Brat, your father wasn't even in the womb of your grandmother when I was killing enemies on the battlefield. Do you think you have the qualifications to negotiate with me? You are still green."

The expression on Bai Zemin's face changed slightly when he saw the boy's and the beautiful woman's face start to turn red. Furthermore, he could faintly hear the sound of something fragile about to break.

"Let go of Yanovich or I'll snap the necks of these Chinese monkeys." 

Roman Valeryevich was a cruel and decisive man. Bai Zemin could see in the eyes of his enemy that he was not lying and would really carry out his words even if it meant dying later.

"Heh." Bai Zemin smiled and waved his hand, discarding the blood chains and silently activating Overlap Regeneration.

Roman Valeryevich's muscles tensed when he saw the halo of golden light surrounding the young enemy and for some reason, he sensed a great deal of danger. However, what happened next made him lower his guard.

Nil Yanovich jumped to his feet after regaining his freedom, and although he had no Mana to activate skills he still had his monstrous physical strength.

Boooom!!!

Bai Zemin's body was sent flying towards the opposite wall after Nil Yanovich mercilessly punched him in the chest. 

The room shook slightly and the metal wall caved inward forcefully. Bai Zemin coughed out a mouthful of blood and slowly got to his feet, apparently with great difficulty and suffering from severe injuries.

Roman Valeryevich noticed that in fact, his enemy's organs had been damaged therefore he nodded towards Nil Yanovich: "You go first."

Although Nil wanted to say something else he knew it wasn't the time and they didn't have time to chat so he nodded. After giving Bai Zemin a cold stare, Nil Yanovich didn't hesitate any longer and dashed into the corridor, disappearing not long after.

Seeing Bai Zemin staggering and coughing out another mouthful of blood, Roman Valeryevich took the opportunity to let go of the two Chinese and with speed that was even comparable to Shangguan Bing Xue's appeared right in front of him.

The Russian Colonel's body doubled in size and snake scales grew on his skin. With a bestial roar, his arms moved like whips and in a second he managed to strike Bai Zemin's body all over more than 300 times.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! BOOM!!!! ...

The young beautiful girl and the kid screamed in fright and began to cry as they watched the person who was clearly part of them being brutally slammed against the wall repeatedly.

Just as Bai Zemin seemed about to collapse, Roman Valeryevich experienced a drastic change of expression.

Boom!!!!

Although the Russian Colonel tried to withdraw his right fist, the young enemy leader's left palm seemed to have turned into a pair of indestructible pincers that did not give the slightest room for movement.

"Really, having to damage my own internal organs to make you let your guard down... Fortunately, my regeneration is higher than the damage you can inflict on me." Now completely healed from the self-inflicted damage and his enemy's blows, Bai Zemin looked up coldly to meet the enemy Colonel's eyes, "Did you have fun punching me right, you old thing?"

"You..." Roman Valeryevich's pupils trembled and for the first time in a long time he felt as if he was returning to the battlefield, to that place where a single carelessness could result in his death.

"Oh, so you do speak Chinese." Bai Zemin clenched his right fist and with a buzzing sound punched forward.

Bang!!!

The two captives heard a suppressed bang and watched as air exploded from the giant enemy's back outward, blowing a hole in the opposite wall.

Roman Valeryevich's eyes opened wide and his face turned red due to lack of oxygen. His mouth opened and against his will he spat out a mouthful of blood with fragments of broken organs as he collapsed to his knees and clutched his stomach tightly.

Bai Zemin stepped on his face and sneered," Now that's real blood coughing."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3