Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin squatted down and without a word lifted the body of Russian Colonel Roman Valeryevich.

From the point of view of the two young captives it was like watching an adult lifting a small child, no challenge or surprise at all.

Roman Valeryevich was still struggling to regain his oxygen. The young enemy leader's punch had not only emptied his lungs but had also shaken his intestines with as much force as that of a maximum level earthquake to a building.

Had it not been for the passive skill Warrior Bear Body that automatically went into effect when Roman Valeryevich initiated a fight, this Coronal with great history and prestige in Russia would have died with that one punch he received!

Roman Valeryevich could not believe it? No, he simply did not want to believe what he was experiencing at this moment.

That physical strength... How could someone so terrifying exist? The only thought that still haunted Roman Valeryevich's mind was not the fact that he knew he was done for, his thought was a very simple question.

Was this boy still human?!

Roman Valeryevich was a Third Order soul evolver level 185. He was one of the most important pillars of Russia, as although the faction had numerous Third Order soul evolvers most of them had just recently advanced or had been aided by the more powerful ones so the purity of their Soul Power was even lower than normal. Still, however, this was the first time he had experienced such madness.

'This brat might be even more terrifying than that thing that attacked Moscow!' As Roman Valeryevich thought about this he felt his feet grow cold.

Unfortunately, it was already too late to do anything. 

If Roman Valeryevich had a chance to change one decision in his life he would definitely use that chance to try to run away the moment Nil Yanovich hit Bai Zemin in the chest sending him flying to the opposite side of the wall.

Maybe, just maybe, if he had taken advantage of that short 1-2 seconds to run for the teleport gate when the enemy had self-inflicted damage to his internal organs many things would be different now.

Too bad, there was no medicine for regret.

'If only Yanovich hadn't left, maybe...' Roman Valeryevich sighed and surrendered obediently against the odds.

Bai Zemin naturally did not know that in that second it took him to lift his enemy by taking him by the right arm the Russian Colonel's head was filled with thoughts of regret and terror.

However, what happened next was something that Bai Zemin never, even in his wildest dreams, expected to happen.

'Ah?' A flash of surprise shone in his eyes as he noticed with extreme disbelief that his body no longer obeyed him.

Although he could still think and notice his surroundings, his muscles would not move and his nerves had stiffened like immovable stones. 

'Mind control?' Bai Zemin dismissed that thought as soon as it appeared. 'That's impossible. With my Spiritual Earring, my white soul, and Immovable Heart, there should be no skill of mind control capable of putting me in this state.'

Besides, his mind was intact. 

Thousands of thoughts flashed in Bai Zemin's head when suddenly a shadow shot out from the corridor. Out of the corner of his eye, Bai Zemin immediately identified him.

"Yanovich!" Roman Valeryevich shouted hoarsely when he saw who the person was.

Bai Zemin wasn't the only one who couldn't believe it; Colonel Roman Valeryevich felt the same way!

Hadn't Nil Yanovich crossed the teleport gate?! They both asked the same question at the same time.

"Colonel Roman!" Nil Yanovich pulled hard as he shouted in an urgent voice, "My skill Binding Chains only last 5 seconds but against this guy it will probably be half that, we need to get out of here fast!"

Nil Yanovich had never been as scared in the last few years as he was now. Previously, he had seen how the young enemy leader literally overwhelmed one of the 3 most powerful existences of the entire New Russia faction; it was done with such ease that Nil Yanovich judged faster than lightning that even the Russian Leader should definitely not be able to fight against such a terrifying enemy!

Even for him it was hard to shake off the fear he felt and rush forward when he saw the opportunity. In the end, however, Nil Yanovich could not leave his father-in-law behind!

Roman Valeryevich knew that this was a heaven-sent opportunity. There would definitely not be a second time!

Enduring the pain of aggravating his wounds even more, the Russian Colonel roared. Red blood spilled from his open mouth as he pulled hard to the side that Nil Yanovich was trying to pull.

Unable to move, Bai Zemin watched with cold eyes as the enemy Colonel gritted his teeth as his captured arm was wrenched clean off. 

Roman Valeryevich cried out in pain but gritted his teeth as he turned to leave. Although he felt pain for his Legend-grade treasure he first needed to secure his life in order to enjoy it!

Nil Yanovich said nothing nor did he try to strike or attack the young enemy again; not after all he had seen in a matter of seconds!

The two young Chinese people who had been held hostage watched with pale faces as the two Russian men disappeared further down the corridor.

All this happened in 2 seconds, and 2 seconds after it started Bai Zemin was finally able to move again.

He threw Roman Valeryevich's right arm to the ground and activated Crimson Lightning Flash at the same time as he used Overlap Regeneration to convert his just over 7000 Magic points into Agility.

Bai Zemin's movement speed when using Overlap Regeneration was even comparable to that of some of the fastest Fourth Order soul evolvers, so in a blink of an eye he caught sight of the figures of his two enemies just a hair's breadth away from entering what looked like a sort of blue circular-shaped portal approximately 5 meters in diameter.

Bai Zemin, knowing he would not reach it in time no matter how fast he went, activated Shadow Blink and appeared right behind Nil Yanovich.

Roman Valeryevich had already passed through the portal so there was nothing to do, but the back of Nil Yanovich's body was still out.

With divine speed, Bai Zemin deactivated and reactivated Overlap Regeneration; this time exchanging Magic for Strength at the same time as Annihilation of the Falling Sky turned into a dragon claw-shaped gauntlet and wrapped around Bai Zemin's moving right fist.

Nil Yanovich had already sighed a sigh of relief in his heart, and on the other side of the portal in what was a new Russian city Roman Valeryevich couldn't help but smile. Although they had been on the brink of death, they had made it out alive in the end and now they had another chance to do things more carefully and wisely!

BOOM!!!

Time seemed to freeze as the sound of a monstrous explosion from inside Nil Yanovich echoed everywhere inside the new room.

The Russian Colonel's eyes widened as he saw the husband of his only daughter, who was like a son to him, flying like a kite whose string had been cut forward.

"Nil!" Surprised and frightened, Colonel Ruso put aside his identity and authority for an instant as he shouted his son's name in law at the same time as he tried to catch him.

Bang!!!

The two men were sent flying until they hit the opposite wall hard with a thunderous bang. There were already Russian soul evolvers in the room so this turn of events left them all unsure how to react.

Roman Valeryevich ignored everyone else and even seemed to feel no more pain from his injuries. He looked into Nil Yanovich's eyes and said nothing, but there were tears at the edge of his eyes.

Nil Yanovich tried to open his mouth to say something, but all that came out of his mouth was blood and large chunks of practically shredded flesh. This process was repeated several times before his head finally hung to one side.

Roman Valeryevich's eyes were blood red as he stared at the human head-sized hole in the chest of his now deceased son-in-law and one of the faction's most important warriors. 

...

On the other side of the now closed portal, Bai Zemin shook his head. 

Although he had lost Roman Valeryevich he was not sad. This was because he had achieved his purpose.

"That skill... What was that?" Bai Zemin frowned tightly as he remembered what happened earlier.

This was the first time someone had been able to turn him into a stone statue, and that was precisely why he was determined to end Nil Yanovich's life at any cost. That skill had been used to defend himself so it was not dangerous, but if it was used in the middle of the fight while Bai Zemin was facing an opponent at the level of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon then his life would be over!

Lilith appeared beside him, and as she looked towards the closed portal with thoughtful eyes she slowly said, "Neither I nor Fire Sorrow know that skill... It seems that the Soul Record is broader than we expected, and the powers one can obtain can still surprise even Higher Existences."𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

There was a possibility that the enemy's skill only had such an effect because Bai Zemin's level was much lower, but it was still terrifying nonetheless. 

"Fortunately I killed him." Bai Zemin shook his head as he looked at the device in front of him, "Otherwise I would have had to reconsider the idea of continuing this invasion."

The energy shield, the ceramic plate, and Nil Yanovich... It had only been 1 week since Bai Zemin and his troops invaded Russia but they had already been surprised repeatedly.

It seemed that the enemy could not be underestimated at al,l or they would be the ones to lose...

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3