Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"So... this is the teleportation gate?" Bai Zemin walked around the strange device in front of him several times and tried to figure it out.

Unfortunately, he didn't have the skill Magical Engineer or Magical Developer so even if Bai Zemin spent the whole day there it was highly improbable that he would come up with anything considering he was in front of a state-of-the-art magical technology device.

It was like putting a genius elementary school student through university lectures; even if they managed to grasp some basics they were unlikely to get the essence.

Bai Zemin squatted down and noticed that on the front of the strange rectangular-shaped device were 10 Soul Stones.

"All of them are of the Third Order." He did not hesitate and with a wave of his hand kept them in his storage ring. 

Although they were somewhat faded they were still Third Order Soul Stones, treasures of high quality and of utmost importance for the development of soul evolvers and factions.

Bai Zemin also kept the technological device in his storage ring. Although it was impossible in the short term, probably in a few months his faction would achieve something after studying it in depth. 

The only problem was that Bai Zemin knew nothing about the operation of the device other than the fact that two points were obviously needed for teleportation to occur. What he needed to obtain was the information that explained the method of linking two points using the technological device.

'It might even help me understand more about the law of universal space and upgrade my skills.'  Just as Bai Zemin was thinking to himself, Fire Sorrow's voice brought him back to the real world.

"Bai Zemin, I think this might be of help to you." 

Bai Zemin quickly followed the sound of her voice and soon arrived at a relatively small room compared to the previous one. The room measured about 60 square meters and was filled with computer towers with wires connected to a large wall. There was also a 70+ inch monitor on the wall opposite the entrance; Fire Sorrow and Lilith were looking at the monitor curiously.

Feeling his footsteps approaching and without looking back, Fire Sorrow pointed towards the screen, "It appears to be the data to develop and start up the teleportation gate those two boys used before."

Although Colonel Roman of the Russian faction was a man who had lived half a century and more than a dozen years making him old enough to be Bai Zemin's grandfather, in Fire Sorrow's eyes he was no different than a newborn baby; and even then it was already exaggerated considering that Fire Sorrow was one of the longest-lived beings in history. Therefore, she had the qualifications to call him a boy.

Approximately 20 minutes later, Bai Zemin had finished copying all the information recorded in the supercomputer. To copy and store all that information, he used the same cube that King Philip Di Gales gave to Bai Zemin before the latter returned to Earth. Had it not been for the magic cube one day and one night would probably not have been enough to finish the task.

Bai Zemin left the room and headed for the exit, but not before confirming that there was nothing else of use. It was only when he returned to the corridor entrance that he remembered the two young captives.

The pretty young woman and the little kid did not know each other nor did they seem to have any kind of close friendly relationship. However, when Bai Zemin saw them they were both in a corner crying with the 18 years old girl forcing herself to calm down to be a pillar of support in the boy's eyes.

"You two are okay?"

It wasn't until he spoke that he was noticed. The young girl jumped in surprise and the boy subconsciously buried himself in her embrace as if he thought the bad guys were back.

"You... you're back." The young girl immediately let out a relieved sigh. Because her age and Bai Zemin's age was quite close, as well as the fact that they were both Chinese in a foreign land, made her treat him as a closer friend without noticing it.

Although the young man in front of her was clearly extremely powerful, so much so as to overwhelm the cruel enemies, they both came from the same place. In this unfamiliar place, the girl thought worrying about each other was normal.

"We heard a big explosion before, I thought..." Although she did not finish her words, it was obvious what she meant.

Earlier, Bai Zemin had hit Nil Yanovich's back with full strength; even using Overlap Regeneration. As a result, the explosion shook practically the entire building and were it not for the fact that most of it was sent to the other side of the portal after the enemy's body took 80% of the impact there was a probability that the place would collapse.

Bai Zemin felt quite amused in his heart. This was the first time in a long time that he had been treated this normal by someone other than his family, and it honestly felt good to be seen as normal again... even if it was only for a brief second.

"I'm fine, don't worry." He waved his hand and asked with a frown, "More importantly... You two are okay?"

"I'm okay and this little guy doesn't seem to have suffered much either. I was captured not too long ago, and for some reason they started moving north so... fortunately I didn't suffer any too excessive violence."

When the young beauty rubbed her neck, Bai Zemin noticed the old enemy colonel's fingers marked not only on her neck but also on the little boy's neck. He also noticed that the girl's arms had clear marks from what appeared to be whippings, and although her beauty made it clear that before the apocalypse she had many suitors the most obvious thing was that she had been starving for some time.

The little kid was the same, just that he seemed to have suffered less violence. At least on the surface, of course.

Just as Bai Zemin wanted to say something, the sound of footsteps from outside made him stop.

A few seconds later, Shangguan Bing Xue wielding a pure white ice sword and another blue colored sword with frost gusts entered the room. Her eyes lingered for a moment on the two strangers before she looked at the surroundings, noticing in an instant that a battle had broken out there.

"Are you okay?" she asked looking Bai Zemin up and down. Shangguan Bing Xue frowned slightly as she noticed the blood at the corner of his mouth and a flash of murderous intent momentarily shone in her blue eyes.

"It's nothing." Bai Zemin shook his head and proceeded to explain to her what happened.

The young beauty immediately shrank back when Shangguan Bing Xue made her appearance. She subconsciously hid her arms behind her to hide her wounds and a glint of sadness shone in her eyes as she looked at the belle in front of her. 

She had been elegant and beautiful in the past, coming from a good family and with an open-ended future. However, life had hit her too hard and in an instant, she was sent from heaven to hell.

Looking at the two people in front of her, she finally understood how childish her thoughts were and a bitter, as well as sad smile, automatically formed on her lips as she lowered her head in silence.

Even if they came from the same place, they were still people from different worlds. 

After today, the chances of ever meeting or interacting with such an outstanding young man as the one before her again were as high as Earth reverting to its former state.

...

A few minutes ago, while Bai Zemin was copying all the information of the enemy's technological and magical development into the cube.

Wu Yijun had been fighting against her enemy for more than 15 minutes now. Because her main stats were Magic and Mana, her Stamina was not particularly high and her Agility was definitely not the best. Her ample bosom rose and fell heavily as she looked at the man in front of her.

Eugeni Pavlovich was a rather peculiar existence. His main stats were Magic and Agility so apart from having great magical powers he was also almost as fast as an assassin. Besides, thanks to the human modification serum, his Stamina was almost double what someone of his level should have so he wasn't far behind Wu Yijun in that respect either.

"You are really stubborn!" Eugeni Pavlovich exclaimed in a hoarse voice. His face was covered in sweat and his legs were trembling slightly as he looked at the woman in front of him with increasing wariness. However, he did not let his feelings be exposed, "The more you resist the worse your pain will be, so hard is it to understand something so basic for you?"

From the beginning of the battle, Eugeni Pavlovich had led the fight. His enemy clearly could do nothing against him and his attacks, but for some reason, he never managed to do more than scratch as she always seemed to dodge all of his attacks no matter how deadly they were by the thickness of a cat's hair.

Besides, another thing Eugeni Pavlovich had noticed was that the woman in front of him never lost her calm and her black eyes were still as bright and composed as they were at the beginning.

Wu Yijun took a deep breath. She held her breath for a moment before releasing it, "I think we should finish this."

Eugeni Pavlovich frowned as a bad premonition began to grow in his heart.

"Why do you think that despite all the time that passed and all the mess we made while fighting none of my allies came to support me?"

When the young Russian heard Wu Yijun's words it was as if a thunder roared right in front of him even though it was a hot summer day. Eugeni Pavlovich looked around and his heart trembled as he noticed all the collapsed buildings and burnt ground.

Yes! 

They had been fighting fiercely for more than ten minutes and caused so much devastation but there was still no Chinese soul evolver helping Wu Yijun! Eugeni Pavlovich had estimated that at most, he would only have 5 minutes to kill her before reinforcements arrived, but at some point in the battle he forgot this fact as his enemy turned out to be much more trouble than supposed!

Suddenly, however, the young soul evolver from Russia saw something that made all the blood in his face disappear as if it had been drained.

There, right in the middle of the cracks extending from the center of the first collapsed building at the beginning of the fight, a single, completely pink flower was gently swaying in the wind. The flower looked completely harmless and beautiful as even its stem was pastel pink, but in Eugeni Pavlovich's eyes, this flower had become his worst nightmare.

He stared at Wu Yijun in silence for what seemed like an eternity. His face was pale but showed not fear but bitterness as he asked quietly, "Since how long?"

"Since the first minute." Wu Yijun stood up straight, all her wounds had disappeared except for the one Eugeni Pavlovich had managed to inflict on her when he landed a sneak attack at the beginning of the battle.

"I didn't expect this..." The young Russian looked up at the sky and sighed. For an instant, the reality in front of him became strangely distorted and the blue sky seemed to disappear after being covered by a dense giant forest that covered the entire city. "I didn't know you had a Abyss Queen Demon Flower."

" ... Why don't you give up? If you decide to join us I'm sure you'll get good treatment. You even know about the existence of the Abyss Queen Demonic Flower." Wu Yijun really valued the talent of the person in front of her, particularly his spirit and knowledge.

"The serum that was injected into me grants me knowledge of all kinds of plants and their effects in addition to giving me great power in exchange for my life expectancy." Eugeni Pavlovich shook his head and said with a shrug, "But if you want me to surrender forget it. I will not betray my country."

" ... I see." Wu Yijun looked at him for a moment before nodding slowly. She said nothing more and silently turned away.

Eugeni Pavlovich watched her back walking away and for a split second felt regret. He felt that if he had been born at a different time, in a different place, perhaps he would have done his best to woo this person.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The ground beneath his feet seemed to disappear and he fell into deep darkness. He felt no pain at all as his life was cut off.

[You have received the Soul Power of Second Order Antiforest Demon Eugeni Pavlovich level 97. You have received Stamina +9.]

A vine swept towards Wu Yijun and held a small Epic grade necklace. She put it away in her bag without checking the records, and as she looked at the scene in front of her she muttered something to herself before continuing to walk.

Unlike Eugeni Pavlovich, Wu Yijun's view was different.

The blue sky was nowhere to be seen, giant trees and monumental sized plants grew everywhere. The whole city seemed to have gone through some kind of apocalypse caused by nature as there was no building that was not surrounded by vines.

In the middle of the giant forest, Wu Yijun wearing her pale green magic robe was like a beautiful little elf. 

The soul evolvers and enemy soldiers fought with the air as the light pink mist covered the forest. As for the allies... they looked at Wu Yijun with eyes filled with admiration.

A good number of the elites present had not seen Wu Yijun in action before, but now they understood that this great beauty was not only an excellent government leader but also had extremely terrifying powers!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3