Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The apprehension that Zhong De and Kang Lan felt and that soon spread to the rest of the survivors proved to have a valid reason after all.

Four 4x4 pickup trucks followed by two modified jeeps raced by at full speed before noisily braking, stopping in front and at the rear, blocking the buses' path to impede their escape.

Immediately after, fifteen men with all kinds of weapons descended from the vehicles and surrounded the eight buses. Several of them had hair dyed yellow, green, blue, and other bright colors while others were wild-looking middle-aged men.

At the sight of the fifteen new arrivals who clearly had no good intentions, the survivors inside the buses and convenience stores became frightened. None of them dared to make the slightest sound for fear of attracting too much attention and looked at Cai Jingyi and the rest with hope; they were what the survivors could rely on at the moment.

"Everyone! Get off the damn buses!" A fat man with several acne marks on his face approached one of the buses and shouted loudly as he swung his bat at the shell of the Blazing Beetle that protected most of the vehicle.

Seven other men approached the other buses and began viciously beating the vehicles with the weapons in their hands as they bellowed and cursed, terrifying the survivors even more.

Zhong De frowned and was about to step forward but the burly man pointed the bosal of his gun, forcing him to stop immediately.

"I'd advise you not to play the hero here, big guy." The burly man named Nie Hu sneered, "I know several of you are strong enough to be able to hunt these monsters here and we probably won't be your opponents. However, I don't think you can dodge a bullet, can you?"

Even if the people in this group had the strength to hunt those terrifying snakes, they were still human. A bullet was enough to end the life of any of them or injure them; at the very least, a gun was enough to keep them at bay. This was what everyone thought and in fact, it was not wrong.

Although Zhong De and the rest were much stronger than a normal human, a shot in the head meant the end of the game. Even Bai Zemin would die if he was shot in the head or heart.

With Zhong De forced to stop, another armed man approached Cai Jingyi and Kang Lan. The man looked at both women with obvious obscene desire in his eyes and licked his lips as he said with a hint of regret, "Too bad I won't be able to play with any of you, little beauties... At least not until the bosses get bored of your bodies hehe."

The gunman stretched a hand forward with the intention of grabbing Kang Lan's chest while two other gunmen watched the scene with amusement, pointing their guns at the two girls as if to intimidate them with their presence.

Kang Lan's face changed as she did not expect these people to be so brazen and bold. She took a step back, evading the man's grip before pointing her index finger at him, "Don't touch me, you filthy pig!"

Before the man could react, a magic circle appeared on the tip of Kang Lan's finger and a dark green cloud completely enveloped him and one of his colleagues. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The green cloud only lasted a second before it vanished completely. However, the two men who were previously standing with smiles on their faces were now lying on the ground on their backs. Their previously smiling and confident faces were now filled with disbelief and the color of their skin had a strange-looking greenish tint on it, giving them a terrible appearance.

The man who, fortunately for him, was a meter or two behind and managed to escape the range of Kang Lan's magical skill, turned as pale as a sheet, and raised his gun, "Bitch!"

Seeing this, Cai Jingyi immediately lunged forward and pushed Kang Lan to the ground. Only a split second later, there was an explosion that echoed everywhere.

The survivors inside the bus screamed in fright and Kang Lan's face turned pale with fear as if it wasn't for Cai Jingyi's quick reaction she might have died.

"Ugh..." Cai Jingyi frowned and looked at her left arm with pain in her eyes. Although she had managed to avoid a fatal injury and had saved Kang Lan, the bullet still impacted against her left arm and pierced it from side to side.

The gunman took aim again, preparing to fire. However, to his utter disbelief, he felt a sharp pain in his chest that forced him to stop his movements. There, he saw a weak-looking hand holding a knife, stabbing right into his heart.

With wide eyes filled with panic, the gunman raised his head and saw that, at some unnoticed moment, a young man with glasses as thin as a matchstick had appeared. A second later, the life disappeared from the man's eyes and he fell heavily backward.

Of course, this person was precisely Fu Xuefeng, who had hidden with his level 5 'Stealth' skill as soon as he noticed trouble.

Fu Xuefeng took a deep breath and looked at his first human kill with complicated eyes. Although he knew it would end up happening since he decided to follow Bai Zemin, it felt strange to know that his once innocent hands now carried the life of a person and his own Soul Power contained the Soul Power of another human being.

The events happened in a matter of seconds and the other men couldn't even react when three of them had already died at enemy hands.

"Little bastards!" The burly man, Nie Hu, who was aiming at Zhong De, shouted to shake off the fear he felt and took aim with his gun, before firing two shots in a row.

However, Nie Hu was so scared that both shots missed miserably. Before a third shot could be fired, Zhong De activated his 'Power Boost' skill and rushed forward.

"Go to hell!"

Bang!

With a strong punch charged with over fifty Strength points, Nie Hu's head popped into meat paste and his body hit the ground noisily.

In less than five seconds, four of the five gunmen were dead at the hands of a group of four students who two weeks ago would not even have had the courage to resist a single Type 54 pistol.

Just when they thought they had the upper hand and were about to begin a counterattack, a lazy, arrogant voice sounded from inside one of the pickup trucks.

"Really crap. Four loaded guns and they can't control a couple of kids? They better be dead or this old man would shove a stick up their asses until they scream like mules!"

Yang Pei, with pierced ears and dyed red hair, walked lazily and looked at the guns on the ground. As long as the weapons were there, the death of the gunmen was no problem. At the base there were dozens if not hundreds of people willing to fight if given a weapon.