Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Before Bai Zemin could do anything, the yellow-colored gargoyle with golden eyes suddenly opened its mouth and a silver lightning ray shot out faster than lightning towards them.

Shangguan Xinyue's Jiaolong let out a fierce roar and the single horn on its forehead suddenly began to glow.

Bang!

A beam of silver light shot out from the horn, meeting the other beam of silver light in the middle and triggering a terrifying explosion.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Trees broke loose from the ground and flew through the air before their trunks exploded under the tremendous pressure. Regardless of whether the outside of their trunks had been greatly strengthened, they still ended up becoming a pile of shattered wood with iron limes raining down everywhere.

The clash between two attacks of Third Order soul evolvers above level 150 was truly frightening, and even at over 800 meters above the ground there was still a shockwave strong enough to leave a large mark on the ground.

"Windgust Control!" Shangguan Xinyue had no choice but to use her skill to avoid being pushed backwards and losing momentum because of the strong winds whipping after the magical explosion.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin kicked gently on the scales of the flood dragon and his body flew forward. Using the momentum of the Jiaolong's movement speed, the sonic barrier was shattered by Bai Zemin and in an instant he arrived in front of the yellow gargoyle.

A strange sound automatically came out of the yellow gargoyle's mouth. Its eyes widened and a flash of amazement shone in its intelligent gaze, but before it could do anything, the figure of the human engulfed in golden light had already arrived above its head.

Bang!!!!!

With a strong punch using his right fist with Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of a dragon claw, Bai Zemin exploded the yellow gargoyle's head like a watermelon falling from a skyscraper.

The other green gargoyles did not have the ability to react despite being Third Order mutant beasts. In less than a second, there were three huge explosions and by the time they finally realized what was happening their numbers had been reduced from 500 to barely 78.

Bai Zemin crushed all the green gargoyles using his fists, and kicking the body of the last one he not only killed it but used the impulse to return to the head of the flood dragon just before it passed him.

The whole process had taken no more than three seconds.

Killing hundreds of Third Order mutant beasts in just three seconds... If such a thing was mentioned to other people they would definitely not believe it even if they were beaten to death. 

One needed to know that a Third Order soul evolver represented practically the pinnacle of all living beings; they could be Kings of their own territory and would be respected wherever they went. However, not only were they being killed like flies but the existence who was killing them so easily was a single level 100 human soul evolver!

At the back of the flood dragon's head, Shangguan Bing Xue who now had to deal with over 600 stone gargoyles chasing after them noticed that Bai Zemin's expression was not particularly good after he returned.

She swung her sword several times, and as she tore apart the stone gargoyles that were trying to approach the Jiaolong from the sides she asked in a loud voice, "Did you discover something?"

"Those things are not alive. Only the yellow ones are." 

"What?" Shangguan Xinyue looked at him in disbelief. 

What did he mean by the gargoyles were not alive? If they weren't alive then what was all that blood and flesh flying everywhere when they were killed?

"Rather, it's not that they're not alive but they don't have a soul." Bai Zemin frowned when he saw that several kilometers ahead, more than 1000 green gargoyles were approaching.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Shangguan Xinyue and Shangguan Bing Xue's expressions changed when they heard that the gargoyles had no soul. They finally noticed something that in the heat of the moment and given the irrationality of the circumstances they had inadvertently ignored.

"Now that you mention it..." Shangguan Bing Xue had already finished off the stone gargoyles, and as they were regenerating she slashed forward. A large arc of silver light shattered the tops of several trees before slamming into the front of the new wave of gargoyles, directly slaughtering over 60. Her voice was cold as she calmly said, "I don't get any Soul Power or Soul Record messages every time I kill these monsters."

"It's the mana!"

The voice of Xia Ya who had been silent all this time sounded from the side. 

She continued to hold onto Little Snow's neck, and as she pointed towards a tree that was slowly dying in the distance called out, "Those monsters are being born from the mana of this forest, that's why they don't have souls and their intelligence is so low!"

Bai Zemin's pupils constricted slightly upon hearing Xia Ya's analysis, and when he saw with his own eyes what was happening with the mutant tree he felt that this was the case.

He had already suspected that it was really weird. Even if the odds of obtaining a Third Order Soul Stone after killing a Third Order enemy were not very high compared to the 100% total, it should still be between 10-20%, right? Even so, however, Bai Zemin and the others had not even seen a single Soul Stone despite killing hundreds of green gargoyles.

What a rare and terrifying enemy! Bai Zemin finally began to realize how peculiar the enemy they were facing was, and thus, his wariness increased exponentially.

Bai Zemin had just killed all the gargoyles in front after about 7-8 seconds and was about to return to the flood dragon when his expression suddenly changed.

From the corner of his eye he saw that, from a distant mountain covered with trees, a small black ray of light shone out. The black ray of light was so dark that in the middle of the forest it was practically invisible, and had it not been for Bai Zemin's good senses he would definitely not have seen it.

He kicked the corpse of the last green gargoyle before it fell from the sky and rushed at full speed towards the Jiaolong. 

"Shadow Wall!"

Shangguan Xinyue was surprised when she saw Bai Zemin's anxious expression, but for the moment she realized that something was wrong the danger of death was already over her head. 

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!! ...

An explosion more thunderous than any since Bai Zemin's group took their first step into the forest rumbled, shaking the sky and blowing the tops off a hundred giant trees.

The roar of the flood dragon was particularly loud when it was hit by the shockwave and was sent flying backwards. Tt was only with great difficulty that it managed to stabilize its body before it slammed into a tree and fell to the ground.

Shangguan Bing Xue had already prepared herself when she heard Bai Zemin's urgent voice activating a skill in defensive mode therefore she was not sent flying but managed to stand on the beast's back by freezing her feet on its scales.

On the other hand, Shangguan Xinyue's alluring face had turned pale. She had seen death right in front of her eyes just now but a black wall saved her, and before her small body was shattered by the shockwave that the black wall could not resist, she got embraced by a pair of extremely strong arms.

"Are you okay?" Bai Zemin frowned slightly and asked. He could feel Shangguan Xinyue's heart beating so hard that it even went through his armor since he was holding her close to his chest and her body was quite petite. 

Shangguan Xinyue looked his outline from below and was in a daze as she felt something strange, but before she could think too much about it a voice that sounded old and deep echoed from all around.

"Impressive... To think that a little level 100 human could have this much power..."

Bai Zemin kicked a tree to launch himself back at the flood dragon that had stopped in the sky. He put Shangguan Xinyue down after confirming that her body was uninjured, and with his eyes fixed on that mountain he had seen earlier asked, "Bing Xue, old silver, are you two alright?"

"... A little light-headed but it doesn't seem to be much of a problem thanks to you, kid." The several hundred meter Jiaolong spoke.

Shangguan Bing Xue appeared next to Bai Zemin wielding her sword. She looked to the same side he was looking at as she asked in a low voice, "Is it the Mana Eater Tree?"

"It shouldn't..." Bai Zemin shook his head.

The large mountain suddenly moved and the ground rumbled. Several trees that were on top of the mountain over 50 kilometers away collapsed, and under the wide eyes of the group a huge figure rose into the sky.

This huge figure turned out to be a giant bone dragon. The bone dragon was not like the eastern dragons portrayed in Chinese legend but looked more like western dragons with four short legs, a lizard-like body, and huge bone wings. 

On top of the bone dragon, standing on its head, a figure wrapped in a black cloak with a staff made of some kind of jet-black ancient tree branch whose aura was even higher than that of the Fourth Order bone dragon stared at Bai Zemin with its bright eyes that kept flickering like small flames.

"Lich?" Bai Zemin muttered with a slight frown.

"Lich King, human." Said the black-cloaked man approaching riding the giant bone dragon. "Allow me to face you... I promise to put your bones to good use, and I will take special care of your soul!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3