Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Little beauty, you sure are dangerous." Yang Pei looked at Kang Lan, ignoring the rest, and scanned her body up and down as he said, "How about you become my woman? Not only will I respect you, but you will also have the right to participate in important decisions with your strength."

Without waiting for a reply, he looked at Cai Jingyi and nodded, "You seem to be quite quick and your reaction is good. You can also be mine."

"Are you retarded?" Zhong De barked tired of so much nonsense and abruptly rushed forward with the intention of putting an end to the whole charade.

The ground beneath his feet cracked slightly due to his explosive power and taking advantage of the strength on his feet his speed exploded for a moment.

Yang Pei snorted and quickly stepped back while muttering some strange words. A second later, two magic rings appeared on the ground in front of him, and in a flash of light two creatures came out.

One was a wild-looking brown bear that was over two meters tall even on its four legs. Its eyes were blood red and its front paws looked especially formidable; as if it could crush a rock with one swipe.

The other was a white wolf whose fur was as pure as snow except that its nose was spotted with black. Its eyes were blood red like the bear's and its teeth were as sharp as razor blades giving the illusion of being able to cut through any defense.

When Zhong De saw the two beasts he was surprised, but because he was in the middle of a charge had no way to stop. Therefore he exploded with more strength and punched fiercely forward with both fists.

The brown bear roared ferociously and stood up on its hind legs before dropping down with all its weight.

Boom!

When Zhong De's two fists connected with the brown bear's two front paws there was a small explosion before the winner of the clash was decided.

Although Zhong De had already reached level 16 and his Strength was incomparable to the past, he was still slightly below Yang Pei's summoning. He was forced to retreat five steps back before he finally regained his balance and looked at the brown bear in surprise.

However, the brown bear did not give him too much time to think as it immediately charged forward and attacked again.

"Damn it!" Zhong De gritted his teeth and began to fight against the brown bear, engaging in a fierce melee using his fists and legs to attack.

Swoosh!

Suddenly, the air behind Yang Pei shook slightly and Fu Xuefeng appeared with his knife still stained with blood. Now that he had already killed once and given the circumstances he didn't mind adding one more kill to the count.

However, the wolf suddenly howled and looked in his direction as its nose twitched before lunging at a speed that rivaled his own.

If Fu Xuefeng continued his attack then the wolf would be able to injure him and while it was true that Yang Pei was the prime mover, which meant that his death marked the vanishing of the summons, Fu Xuefeng had no real combat experience and the fear of pain and death was still present. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

With no other choice, he stopped his attack and quickly began to fight with the summoned wolf. Both were fast, blinking constantly and trying to take the advantage. However, Fu Xuefeng was just a notch faster, which allowed him not to lose against the savage beastliness of the white wolf.

Before Yang Pei could say anything, Cai Jingyi gritted her teeth and ignored the pain in her bleeding arm. With her Agarth Dagger firmly gripped in her right hand, she appeared in front of him in just two seconds and stabbed mercilessly into his heart.

She obviously intended to end her enemy's life and had not even hesitated for a second before doing so!

Yang Pei's face turned ugly as he did not expect this group of people to be so powerful that they could resist his summoning for so long. Although his summons were strong, Mana's consumption was terrifying! He could only sustain both beasts for a couple of minutes at most before losing his Mana completely!

"You really don't leave me any more options little bitches!" Yang Pei pulled out a Type 54 pistol from his waist and aimed it at Kang Lan. Although he wanted to keep her to himself, he had no choice but to kill her for him to survive!

It wasn't like it was the first time he had done something like killing women anyway.

Cai Jingyi's face changed and quickly turned around, wanting to rescue Kang Lan once again. However, although her Agility was high, she didn't have time to get there!

Bang!

The sound of the gunshot thundered out and Cai Jingyi turned pale as if she had seen a ghost in broad daylight. She knew that in terms of value, Kang Lan was the most important to Bai Zemin since she had the ability to heal; if something happened to her, who knew how he would react when he returned...

However, what happened was even more surprising.

Right in front of Kang Lan, who was also as pale as a sheet, a wall of ice rose up. The low-caliber bullet hit the wall and left a small white mark without being able to do anything else before falling to the ground with a clink.

"Lucky..." Kang Lan muttered before sitting down on the ground in fright. She could no longer stand upright.

Cai Jingyi also sighed in relief and unconsciously relaxed, which caused the pain in her left arm to increase several notches.

Yang Pei's face changed completely when he saw the ice wall and realized that the gunshots surely alerted the people who were still inside. He had thought that the people outside were the real deal, but when he saw how hard the ice wall was he was terrified to discover that he might have made a mistake.

Hastily he ordered his summons to return to protect him. However, how could Zhong De and Fu Xufeng let him do whatever he wanted?

"Now you are really dead you son of a bitch!" Zhong De shouted as he forced the brown bear to stay in place, not letting it go to help its master.

Fu Xuefeng did the same to the white wolf, suffering a few scratches in the process but firmly enduring.

While Zhong De was fighting the brown bear, suddenly a magic circle appeared on the ground and an earthen spike rose up. The tip of the spike pierced the bear's body and lifted it into the air two meters above the ground before the beast let out a roar of pain and disappeared as if it had never been there.

On the other hand, the wind whistled and two mana arrows struck the white wolf that was entangled with Fu Xuefeng. The wolf howled in pain and just like the brown bear's body, it burst like an air balloon and disappeared from this world.

The two summons were connected to Yang Pei himself, so after being killed he also suffered a hard backlash and ended up coughing out two mouthfuls of fresh blood.