Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1131  Mana Corruption vs Mana Devouring

When Bai Zemin's body was surrounded by over a thousand mutant trees, all it took was a few swings of his spear to turn them all into iron limes. It didn't matter if it was a Steel Leaf Mutant Tree whose leaves could easily pierce any armor with less than 2000 defense points and turn soul evolvers with average defense into sieves or if it was the Poison Fog Tree whose body exuded a strange haze undetectable to the naked eye which could paralyze the nervous system of a mutant beast above level 110; they were all shattered.

The toughest trees that were capable of taking even the fists of a level 130 King Kong Ape King could do nothing when the wind and fire arc born from the swinging Anqiuilation of the Falling Sky hit them, and the plants that had some level of intelligence and cunning had no time to think too much before they became ashes under the power of Bai Zemin's Crimson Flame.

"Really impressive! Not bad, not bad at all!" The Mana Eater Tree was a rather peculiar enemy, probably the most peculiar among the enemies Bai Zemin had met to this day. Even though Bai Zemin was swinging his spear continuously, shattering dozens of mutant trees and plants per second into ashes and iron nails, the Mana Eater Tree did not stop laughing as it attacked with increasing ferocity.

Bai Zemin did not say even a word. He slashed with his spear from top to bottom, splitting the Man Eater Plant in front of him in half and setting fire to all the purple vines that crept toward him from the plant's back.

Seizing the route, Bai Zemin bellowed at the same time as the liquid storage pearl flew out from inside his armor, "Blood Shield!"

As Bai Zemin advanced with firm steps like an unstoppable emperor, a 5-meter high and 2.5-meter wide rectangular-shaped blood shield blocked the over one hundred jade branches.

BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!! BOOOOM!!!! BOOOOM!!!! BOOOOM!!!! ...

Although Bai Zemin's Blood Shield managed to withstand the fierce lashes of the jade tree, more than a dozen cracks spread across the surface of the shield making it look as if it would collapse at any moment. Because he was facing a plant-like enemy with no blood at all, Bai Zemin and his Blood Manipulation skill were slightly at a disadvantage, as having nowhere to absorb blood from, the difficulty of fixing increased exponentially to the point where Bai Zemin's Mana consumption doubled. However, none of this was important to him at the moment.

He did not care at all even though in order to block those attacks he had to spend over 200 Mana points; Mana which he could not regenerate at all due to the peculiarity of the Mana Eater Tree.

After blocking the hundred of jade branches that despite being as thin as a stick actually had enough power to crush a Silver Armored Elephant level 150 and pierce the defense of practically any armor below Rank 4, Bai Zemin again invested another 200 points of his total Mana; but this time it was to counterattack!

When the Mana Eater Tree wanted to pull the jade branches back to the jade tree, it was surprised to realize that more than 200 small blood hands had spread out from the cracked rectangular shield. Furthermore, although the rectangular shield lost some of its width, its length grew as it was stuck into the ground more than 2 meters deep.

Using Shadow Blink, Bai Zemin appeared like a ghost right in front of the jade tree trunk. His black eyes flashed mysteriously as dozens of tiny crimson lightning flashes began to intermittently flicker around his entire body.

His golden spear became a blur in his hands, and with over 12 thousand points in his Agility stat his arms moved back and forth over 5000 times in just the blink of an eye.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

The earth within 200 meters split and a crater over 400 meters deep suddenly appeared in front of Bai Zemin. The terrifying jade tree whose defense was practically impenetrable broke away from the ground and flew over a dozen meters before falling down with a thunderous rumble.

Bai Zemin noticed that he had managed to make a small pea-sized crack in the trunk of the jade tree so he leaned forward with the intention of continuing his attack; the jade tree might not be the Mana Eater's body, but it was certainly its greatest weapon and defense! Unfortunately, the number of enemies Bai Zemin had to face was not limited to one...

A giant shadow that covered the sun loomed over his head, and when Bai Zemin looked up he saw a giant fist about to crush his skull into pulp.

Although Bai Zemin did not know much about plants, thanks to Wu Yijun he was familiar enough to recognize some terrifying creatures from the realm of nature. For example, that giant fist covered in leaves belonged to the 1000-Year Guardian Tree that despite having no self-awareness could still break the scales of a dragon below level 170!

While it was true that Bai Zemin could kill Kings and Emperors just like the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, this did not mean that he could take such destructive attacks head-on without worrying about his life... A 1000-Year Guardian Tree fist could definitely give him a hard time, as unlike the jade branches of the jade tree, the 1000-Year Guardian Tree fist would have an effect on his entire body!

Thankfully, Bai Zemin was quick in his actions. Before his brain sent the command, his body that had become used to battle and to moving by pure instinct reacted at lightning speed.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

A huge cloud of dust rose into the sky over 70 meters as the 1000-Year Guardian Tree's fist struck into the ground. The earth opened up and over a hundred cracks of different sizes spread outward with the fist of the plant-like monster as their center, and when the 1000-Year Guardian Tree slowly raised its fist, a crater approximately 300 meters wide and no less than 60 meters deep was revealed.

"Where is...?" The Mana Eater Tree muttered to itself not being able to see where the enemy was.

This astonished and secretly alarmed it since this forest was its domain; to say that they were fighting on its back was not exaggerated by any means, therefore, losing the enemy made no sense at all.

Suddenly, a golden shadow shot out from the center of the crater caused by the 1000-Year Guardian Tree's fist faster than lightning sparking in the sky.

This golden shadow was, of course, Bai Zemin who had just secretly used the new specialty that his Shadow Blink skill acquired after upgrading its Order along with his spatial cognition.

Before the Mana Eater Tree could react and send any command to the 1000-Year Guardian Tree, Bai Zemin who was flying towards the sky with Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of a greatsword engulfed in blood flames slashed furiously upwards.

"Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth!"

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

Shangguan Bing Xue and Xia Ya who were fighting in the sky against the army of Third Order gargoyles faltered and almost fell off their mounts when the entire area trembled. The entire area seemed to glow crimson as a great flare broke beyond the treetops and soared into the sky, turning into nothing and being absorbed not long after.

The entire 100+ meter long right arm of the 1000-Year Guardian Tree disappeared without a trace and approximately 1/3 of the right side of its body was crushed inward. In addition, from the shoulder inward, blood-colored flames began to spread fast like a virus in such a way that it was only a matter of time before its entire body could be completely engulfed in flames.

Bai Zemin's pupils trembled slightly and in his heart, he cursed the 1000-Year Guardian Tree's high defense.

One needed to know that his skill Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth not only increased the damage of his weapon by 100% but also reduced the enemy's physical defense by 30% during the collision... but even with all this added up to over 12 thousand Strength points, the mutant tree in front of him just suffered a single arm loss!

If not for the fact that Annihilation of the Falling Sky was an indestructible Soul Armament, Bai Zemin would definitely be suffering the loss here! Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The only thing that made him feel better was what happened when the shockwave surrounded by blood flames spread outwards, immediately testing the main effect of Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth.

Roar!!!!

For the first time since the battle began almost 30 minutes ago, the roar of the Mana Eater Tree did not speak but something similar to the roar of a wounded beast shook the eardrums of everyone inside the forest. Even the Russian troops who were paying attention to the mutant forest from a distance were pushed back by the shockwave of the roar so one could only imagine how terrifying it was for those in it!

Thanks to the fact that Bai Zemin had managed to evolve to level 100 and his Soul Power was pure to the point where it was ridiculous, his overall stats were very high in a strangely uniform manner. This meant that when Effect 1 of 'Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth' was triggered, every living thing he labeled as an enemy within 100 kilometers suffered a miserable fate.

In less than 1 second, hundreds of thousands of mutant trees and plants were killed!

Not only that but, in the sky, over 20% of the gargoyle army exploded into a bloody mist as the weakest gargoyles that were barely above level 100 and below level 105 died without even knowing how!

However, more terrifying than all of the above, the Mana Eater Tree was completely 08:33

shocked to discover that over 1000 kilometers away from the battlefield, a woman "Now you're not enjoying it that much are you?" Bai Zemin muttered under his breath to himself as he charged towards the jade tree holding Annihilation of the Falling Sky in greatsword form.

He had to take advantage of the next 4 seconds during which the power of his weapon was 100% higher thanks to Effect 2 of Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth!

Although many enemies had been destroyed, there were still many waiting to block Bai Zemin's path. However, this was no problem for him at all as it only took him two seconds to arrive in front of the jade tree.

"Bastard!!! Then that's your plan after all!!"

The Mana Eater Tree was a special and practically unique mutant monster that had over 500 thousand Mana points in total. Moreover, with its ability to devour and take over the mana of the world and its enemies, it never experienced a lack of Mana to replenish its precious plants.

However, the Mana Eater Tree soon discovered that something was wrong because even though it used its Root Casting skill, it only managed to recover approximately 80% of all the mutant plants and trees that Bai Zemin had destroyed just now. Worst of all was not this but, to the horror of the Mana Eater Tree who had been losing 1% of its Mana per second but was not worried thanks to its Mana Devouring skill, the mana it absorbed seemed to be contaminated and its effect was reduced to the point where it needed to kill 10% of its reserves to fill up again!

However, more terrifying than all of the above, the Mana Eater Tree was completely shocked to discover that over 1000 kilometers away from the battlefield, a woman riding a crimson bird kept setting fire to the point where the flames not only killed the plants but even swallowed the mana that belonged to it!

"Too late for regrets now." Bai Zemin snorted and raised his greatsword high above his head. "This is not a battle for a warrior's honor, this is about sheer survival... I will gladly team up with my friends to kill you!"

Crimson lightning and blood-colored flames burned around the golden greatsword, giving it an extremely powerful yet ominous appearance at the same time. For the first time since its birth, the Mana Eater couldn't help but shudder at the thought that if its enemy discharged a dozen of attacks like the one before it would probably end up in an extremely miserable state!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3

 