Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

What surprised Bai Zemin was that even after half a second, the jade tree was still enclosed in that beautiful bright pink ice statue. 

If not for the fact that Bai Zemin knew that what was locked in there was a terrifying monster with tremendous defense and power he may even be willing to cherish the ice sculpture for a whole day and a whole night.

"My skill Sacred Ice Charm confines the opponent for 3 seconds and makes it disorienting for 2. The only disadvantage is that during the first 3 seconds the enemy won't take any damage at all." Shangguan Bing Xue appeared in the distance, rushing swiftly towards Bai Zemin as she explained in an urgent voice, "Use that time to think of something!"

'Such a terrifying skill,' Bai Zemin secretly thought as he looked at the pink ice statue.

Even he who didn't know much about the untraceable stat Charm could sense an extremely sweet and harmonious aura surrounding the pink ice. If not for the fact that his willpower was tremendously powerful, Bai Zemin had no doubt that he would end up in a daze worshipping the sculpture.

This kind of skill that could subdue both allies and enemies was a double-edged sword. Shangguan Bing Xue only dared to use it in front of Bai Zemin because she was absolutely sure that a guy like him would not fall for something like this.

Blood-colored flames burned around Annihilation of the Falling Sky. 

Bai Zemin enveloped by the unmistakable halo of Overlap Regeneration that made him look like a golden god began to fiercely stab the ground in front of him as if he had lost his sanity as he shouted without looking back, "Bing Xue, when the Mana Eater Tree wakes up help me watch my back, but for now destroy as many plants and trees as you can!"

Shangguan Bing Xue was really perplexed by Bai Zemin's actions. Seeing him stabbing the ground with his spear, she thought that he should probably have his reasons to be doing that instead of preparing a stronger attack.

"Leave it to me!" 

As Shangguan Bing Xue began slashing with her sword and freezing everything to subsequently shatter each ice sculpture into small crystal fragments, she noticed out of the corner of her eye that slightly edging the halo of golden light and without any warning, a new halo of pale green light flickered around Bai Zemin.

She knew that Bai Zemin had many unknown and powerful skills, but Shangguan Bing Xue thought she had seen them all. This, however, was a skill she was unaware of. Of course, Shangguan Bing Xue had no way of knowing that that thin layer of light green light that appeared around Bai Zemin was actually a product of his Drain Life skill after he used Soul Manipulation to boost it a whole Order.

When the pink ice exploded 3 seconds after the jade tree fell trapped, that same pink ice turned into a kind of pink mist that in less than a blink of an eye broke into the jade tree's body using the crack that Bai Zemin had made earlier as an entrance.

Bai Zemin who was doing his best to carve a giant hole in the ground continued stabbing, but as he expected, he was not left alone. Yet, he did not care about anything and continued to be completely focused on his mission; this was only possible because he had the best partner he could ask for on the battlefield.

With Shangguan Bing Xue protecting Bai Zemin, it didn't matter if it was a terrifying Demonic Flower Queen that only grew on worlds whose mana density was equivalent to the Fourth Stage nor did it matter if it was the terrifying 1000 Year Guardian Tree; they were all frustrated and couldn't get close to Bai Zemin at all.

Shangguan Bing Xue had just frozen and then cut two Demonic Flower Queens into pieces when she felt the ground shaking fiercely. No more than 50 meters ahead, two giant trees approached as they slammed their fists the size of buildings downward.

She did not recognize the two 1000-Year Guardian Trees, but seeing their size and the pressure of their fists she could not help but be secretly surprised. These trees, although they were clearly unintelligent plant-like beasts, were so terrifying that a Fourth Order animal-like beast could meet its miserable doom if it was struck by those fists.

Even Bai Zemin had trouble dealing with the 1000-Year Guardian Tree due to its extremely high defense. In fact, if it wasn't for him having his Crimson Flame it wouldn't have been a 1 or 2 minute task to take down these monstrous creatures.

"No matter how much you push, it's meaningless." Shangguan Bing Xue coldly hissed.

She was not Bai Zemin.

​ She did not have his monstrous physical strength, nor could she increase her magical power by thousands of points since she did not have a second activation as overpowered as Overlap Regeneration. 

Of course, Shangguan Bing Xue also did not have an EX grade skill like Soul Manipulation that would allow her to increase the level of her skills exponentially.

When it came to destruction and massacre, even 100 Shangguan Bing Xues would still not be able to compare to a single Bai Zemin in a complete rampage.

However, there was something that only Wu Yijun was able to weakly compare to her. Even Bai Zemin could not compare at all to Shangguan Bing Xue even if he used Blood Manipulation.

Shangguan Bing Xue raised her two swords high pointing towards the sky. The blades of both swords trembled stronger and stronger as she accumulated more and more magical power within.

"Eternal Ice Prison!"

As Shangguan Bing Xue slashed downward with both swords at the same time, the space in front of her twisted slightly and the sound of something tearing apart could be heard faintly. Fortunately, however, the spatial barrier of this place seemed to be as strong as Earth's as it did not break despite suffering.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Two night-black ice blasts shot out from the blades of both swords, covering the entire area in front of Shangguan Bing Xue in a flash and reaching 1000 meters range in just two seconds.

The two 1000-Year Guardian Trees stopped dead in front of her. Their giant fists were like mythological beasts compared to her ant-like size, but despite being only a few inches from her, they could no longer advance any closer.

Bai Zemin looked back out of the corner of his eye as he continued to drill into the ground. His eyes as black as night flashed slightly as he praised in his heart, 'You are truly amazing, Bing Xue.'

When it came to restraining or suppressing, Shangguan Bing Xue was undoubtedly the queen!

Even if Bai Zemin was multiplied by two times he still wouldn't be able to compare to her at all when it came to immediate suppression or contention.

The 5-second effect of the Sacred Ice Charm skill finally ended.

With the jade tree free, the Mana Eater Tree's attacks became much more fierce and frenetic. Bai Zemin did not even have time to continue digging as before and was forced by circumstances to fight face-to-face against the jade tree.

However, this time he was not alone.

With Shangguan Bing Xue there to provide support, Bai Zemin no longer had to worry about attacks from other mutant trees or evolved plants. 

Blood-red flames flew everywhere along with shards of shimmering ice. The union of the two elements glowing together in the sky gave birth to a beautiful sight that many would probably be delighted to appreciate, but if a Second Order soul evolver tried to approach the area they would die instantly as a result of the magical pressure that overwhelmed the surroundings.

Fire Sorrow watched the ongoing battle in silence, but for every minute that passed the more amazed she became in her heart. This was the first time she had seen Bai Zemin team up with Shangguan Bing Xue to fight a powerful enemy, so it wasn't until now that she realized something.

"Lilith, are you sure you want to be so passive with this girl?" Fire Sorrow didn't look at Lilith who was standing next to her but stared at the scene before her with a trembling heart and increasingly bright eyes: "Forgive me for insisting but, if I thought you were being too overconfident before now I can't help but think that you are literally inviting the female wolf into your home."

Lilith said nothing for a while but watched the battle to the death unfolding in front of her. 

Bai Zemin was like the legendary God of War; unstoppable and not knowing the word fear at all. His golden spear wreathed in blood flames moved fiercely and without any elegance in his hands but every move was practically flawless, displaying a level of martial arts prowess that even many Higher Existences would be jealous of.

The jade tree was a truly terrifying mutant tree that only grew on worlds that had already been in their Fourth Stage for at least ten thousand years. It was characterized by its toughness, capable of taking even the heaviest attacks without tearing at all. But, it also excelled in its ability to adapt and improve in the face of adversity. Even so, however, the jade tree was being pushed back by the enemy's attacks.

Bai Zemin advanced and attacked while defending himself in the process. With the Super Warrior skill to rely on, his movements could only be described as impressive. Each swing of his spear not only deflected the attacks of the hundreds of jade branches but also served as an impetus to move his body forward to narrowly evade the roots attacking from underground before counterattacking at lightning speed.

An Iron Blood Dark Vine suddenly shot out from a distance directly towards Bai Zemin's leg. Although these vines were not deadly, their characteristic was to slow down the movements and thought process of anyone who was affected by the poison in their thorns; even a level 400 soul evolver was not free from suffering the consequences.

Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Bai Zemin acted as if he knew nothing about the Iron Blood Dark Vine... No, in fact, he was 100% focused on the jade tree so he was unaware of his surroundings.

Just when the Iron Blood Dark Vine was within arm's length of catching him off guard and possibly changing the balance of the battle, a bright blue ice shield appeared in its path.

Boom!!!!!

The Iron Blood Dark Vine was not only stopped by the ice shield but its entire body soon turned into a long rope of ice. 

Shangguan Bing Xue raised her blue sword and blocked the attack of the Spitting Poison Flower. Her feet slid smoothly across the ground, and at the same time as a drop of fragrant sweat slid down her flawless forehead she slashed with her white sword towards the Iron Blood Dark Vine causing the ice to shatter into pieces with it inside them.

She was fighting thousands of enemies at the same time, and worst of all, she didn't know from where they were going to attack; above, sideways, in front, or from underground. As if that wasn't enough, Shangguan Bing Xue needed to protect herself, counterattack, and protect Bai Zemin.

Anyone else regardless of their level would have already fallen mentally and spiritually exhausted. However, Shangguan Bing Xue had been doing this for the past 40 minutes without allowing Bai Zemin to suffer even a scratch!

Finally, Lilith who had been silently observing all this said in a low voice: "If I ever lose being his number 1 then it will mean that I am not good enough for him. If this ever happens, I will work harder than anyone else to become indispensable to him again."

This time she didn't say anything about always being his number 1. Fire Sorrow picked up on that.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3