Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Hey, look up!" Xia Ya who was on Little Snow's back suddenly shouted loudly.

The constant rumbling sound in the surroundings was so loud that even with the extremely sharp and enhanced senses of a group of top level soul evolvers like Bai Zemin's team had difficulty communicating. 

Fortunately, the voice of Xia Ya turned out to be loud enough so everyone heard it clearly.

Bai Zemin's pupils contracted to the size of a needle as he abruptly raised his head: "... What the on the world...?"

Feng Tian Wu quickly noticed that the clouds seemed to be falling from the sky, but such a thing was naturally impossible as it went against all natural and universal laws. She cried out in shock, "We are being lifted up!"

As the pressure became heavier and stronger, even the strongest air mounts such as the Devastation Queen, the Silver Flood Dragon, and Little Snow, began to have trouble holding their ground in the sky. This was because they were now well over fifteen thousand meters above ground, and the temperature there was so low that it was hard not to freeze to the bone.

As they surpassed twenty thousand meters in altitude, the gusts of wind became so strong that they were not unlike blades cutting everywhere. A Third Order soul evolver below level 120 would definitely become ground meat there!

"Damn it!" Shangguan Xinyue cursed with a frown as she tried without much success to control the gusts of wind. She dodged a wind blade before shouting towards Bai Zemin in an urgent voice, "Little King, my Weather Control skill isn't working like it's supposed to!"

The expression on Bai Zemin's face was not particularly pleasant as he slashed towards the endless wind blades. His only hope had been shattered after hearing what Shangguan Xinyue said; even he couldn't be careless because if he was caught by the eye of the storm he would definitely end up having a bad time even if he didn't die!

"Bai Zemin!"

Feng Tian Wu's voice calling out his name from a distance immediately caught his attention, and just as he turned to look in her direction he saw a flash of blue light flying at full speed towards him.

Before Bai Zemin could do anything, that flash of blue light hit him in the chest. However, he did not panic as he immediately felt warmth coming from deep within his soul; it was a very satisfying feeling, as if he had finally regained something that belonged to him but had been missing.

Even if the Endless Blue Lotus Flame did not have the ability to speak for now, it was still a Fourth Order divine flame with self-awareness and awakened basic intelligence. As it settled into its home, which was a warm corner of Bai Zemin's soul, it immediately burned softly as if saying hi.

'Welcome back.' Bai Zemin whispered in his heart, to the apparent delight of his little battle comrade.

Boom!!!

Suddenly, an outburst of heat covered the entire area. 

Shangguan Bing Xue and Shangguan Xinyue looked at Feng Tian Wu in surprise as her entire body was engulfed in bright red flames.

Xia Ya waved her black and white wand to shatter a wind whirlwind approaching in their direction as she exclaimed in fright, "Hey, Feng TIan Wu! Don't do anything stupid again!" 

Even Bai Zemin was frightened to think that Feng Tian Wu was going to act suicidal again. It was only after hearing her words that he breathed a sigh of relief in his heart.

"Now that the mutant forest was devoured by the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, there's no need to worry. Leave it to me!"Feng Tian Wu continued to spend her Mana without a care for anything else in the world. The temperature did not stop rising, and the crimson colored flames soon began to show signs of merging with the blue flames as they spread further and further with each passing second, "You four should get out of here and see what's actually going on!"

Although the Endless Blue Lotus Flame had incinerated the entire forest, the seemingly boundless mana of the Mana Eater Tree that had been practically completely consumed by Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue earlier was now showing signs of gradually recovering. Not only were the blue flames gradually weakening, but there were also signs of plants sprouting in some corners.

It was Feng Tian Wu who once again suppressed the unstoppable growth of the mutant forest.

"How long can you take it?" Bai Zemin asked aloud.

His concern was by no means unfounded. This was because while it was true that Feng Tian Wu's magical power was immense to the point of being able to compare or perhaps surpass Shangguan Bing Xue's, using magic of such a high level and extending it beyond would definitely consume countless times more mana than normal.

"At this rate I'm afraid I can only sustain myself for 20 minutes at best, after that I'll be out of combat for a whole day!" Feng Tian Wu replied with her eyes closed. She was focusing her heart and soul on increasing the power of her Never Ending Blazing World skill.

Bai Zemin knew that time was a priceless treasure, particularly at this moment. However, just as he was about to order Shangguan Bing Xue and the other three women to follow him, something happened that scared him to death.

First, the sunlight seemed to disappear completely as if night had descended upon them. However, when Bai Zemin looked up at the sky again he couldn't help but curse, "Holy crap! You've got to be kidding me!"

The 1000-Year Guardian Tree was an extremely terrifying plant-like mutant creature that would not die even after taking a punch from Bai Zemin at full power. Its height of 1500 meters made it by far the largest tree he or any other living being had ever seen in this world.

However, compared to the wooden hand that moved seemingly in slow motion towards them from the sky, the building-sized fist of the 1000-Year Guardian Tree was simply too insignificant.

2000 meters in length and diameter...No, it was even more than that.... 

As Bai Zemin looked to the vastly different horizons ahead and behind him, he saw that he could barely glimpse the fingertips and what seemed to be the junction between the wooden hand and an ancient-looking, wrinkled arm.

"I lost in terms of Mana and Magic, now let's verify who has the most Strength, Stamina, and Vitality!" The Mana Eater Tree's voice sounded clear and powerful even in the heights.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

It was only now that Bai Zemin and the girls understood the reason why the Mana Eater Tree's voice could be heard from all over the forest; it was because they were fighting on the head of the monster and the voice was coming from below!

Bai Zemin had been wondering in his heart: Why was his enemy called Mana Eater Tree if its main body was that of a complete forest? It would make sense if its main body were the jade tree, but a forest was different from a tree!

However, it all made sense now.... The Mana Eater Tree was, in fact, a tree.... A colossal tree!

"Even if you're a monster tens of thousands of meters tall, you'll still fall before us!" 

Boom!!!

Annihilation of the Falling Sky suddenly blazed as the Endless Blue Lotus Flame burned around it. 

Bai Zemin stomped hard on the ground that turned out to actually be the head of the Mana Eater Tree and several cracks spread everywhere as a hole approximately 10 meters deep opened up where he had been standing a second before.

"The bigger you are the more noise you will make when your back hits the ground!" With his entire body enveloped in golden light and with his spear surrounded by purple flames born from his blue flame and blood flame, Bai Zemin stabbed forward with all his might.

The pressure of his attack was so immense that for an instant the descent of the giant hand stopped before continuing to press downward.

The eyes of Shangguan Bing Xue and the other girls widened as they watched the oncoming collision in total shock.

The visual difference was simply too much even for them who thought they had seen everything in this life!

Bai Zemin's ascent stopped and the giant hand's descent stalled as the tip of the flaming spear touched the center of the wooden palm. 

For a second or two, the strong winds stopped blowing and time itself seemed to halt. There was no sound and no movement, as if the reality had frozen completely.

Although it seemed that everything was quiet on the surface, Shangguan Bing Xue immediately stretched her pristine hands upward and urgently chanted, "Unbreakable Ice Wall!"

She had no compunction in expending what little Mana she had recovered and when her body teetered on the verge of falling she bit her lower lip to the point of drawing blood to steady herself.

Shangguan Xinyue also knew that while it looked as if Bai Zemin had casually attacked, the reality was that she could faintly see his hands and arms turning into continuous blurs; this was solid proof that in that brief instant he had attacked no less than 5000 times!

Shangguan Bing Xue's mother had barely managed to strengthen the huge wall of ice above their heads by using the coldness of the area to her advantage when what they feared so much finally happened.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!...

...

Roar!

The roar of pain from the Mana Eater Tree rang out. Even from a distance, the Russian troops who watched everything in shock and utter terror trembled while the weaker ones fainted on the spot after being hit by the sonic shockwave.

Kristina llyinishna's beautiful face turned slightly pale as her blue eyes sparkled with disbelief, " You are kidding me..."

Looking at the minute golden flash of light that pierced the giant hand from side to side after hitting from below, a Russian commander couldn't help but stammer in a hoarse voice, "They can even fight against that monster...?"

That hand was probably about 5 kilometers long and no less than 3 kilometers wide!

How could a small human even battle against such a colossus!

"So this is the strength of Bai Zemin from China..." Kristina's eyes glittered mysteriously as she watched the golden dot fall on the giant hand.

"That's…!"

Suddenly, however, her expression abruptly changed and without saying a single word she activated her Fourth Order level 5 Crystal Body skill. Soon, her clothes began to disappear along with her body, which seemed to turn into a beautiful crystal sculpture; scent, presence, and anything else disappeared without a trace such that even a Higher Existence wouldn't be able to notice her!

Standing on top of the giant hand, Bai Zemin gritted his teeth as he looked at his trembling hands: 'Indeed, the physical body of us humans is too deficient!'

Even he suffered greatly from the previous collision to the point where he almost felt the bones in his fingers turn to dust!

"That hurts, it really hurts!" 

Mana Eater Tree's voice thundered.

"But it's still not enough, Human King!!!"

Under Bai Zemin's shocked eyes, countless vines emerged from the wound he inflicted on his enemy before, and the hole of approximately 30 meters in diameter quickly began to close up.

This enemy was truly the most troublesome that Bai Zemin had encountered so far! 

A single mistake would bring him to his grave for free, so even though he was nowhere near badly injured his mind was slowly reaching maximum limits as a result of the concentration he had to have at all times to avoid being beaten to death!

Suddenly, Bai Zemin's expression changed as he sensed extreme danger. This level of danger was something completely new to him, and without even thinking about it he shot into the sky with no thought of taking whatever was approaching head-on.

Swoosh!!!

A white light split the sky into two halves from the distant horizon.

Bai Zemin watched in shock as the right hand of the Mana Eater Tree Mana Eater fell cleanly off the wrist and plummeted down from the sky. When he looked away, Bai Zemin finally saw it.

There, with a pair of pigeon wings behind his back, a young man with snow-white hair and bright eyes wearing a white robe and holding a silver sword in his hand stood floating in the sky.

At first, Bai Zemin thought of angels, but quickly dismissed that thought when he saw that the Soul Record was not punishing the attacker.

It was then that another name popped into his memory, and the bellow of pain, as well as fury, from the Mana Eater Tree confirmed his suspicions completely.

"Saint of the Absolute Felix, you spineless rat!"

Bai Zemin morphed his shadow into a pair of ash-gray wings and stayed erect in the sky as he stared coldly at the two living beings before him.

Things could not have gotten any worse.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3