Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Saint of the Absolute? 

Bai Zemin's pupils trembled slightly as the words shouted by the enraged Mana Eater Tree confirmed his earlier suspicion completely.

Even if Bai Zemin had never met the Saint of the Absolute in his life and this was the first time they were face to face, his full name which was definitely the union of his deepest records composed by his main Class and his real name was more than enough for Bai Zemin to draw two or three conclusions about it.

"Mana Eater, you don't need to try to make fun of me. Nor will you be able to make me back down regardless of what you say or do." Saint of the Absolute Felix shook his head. His voice was delicate and elegant, his ascent even more surprising. Even so, however, the manliness amidst such nobility didn't lack: "You've killed how many innocents? From stray elders to children, you never spared even one life regardless of race, age, or power!"

"Damn it!" Mana Eater Tree swung his left hand angrily at the pigeon-winged man. 

BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! ... 

The atmosphere exploded wherever the hand passed and the sky rumbled fiercely.  The pressure was so huge that it completely exposed just how terrifying the power of that simple arm swing was.

Even if the Strength of the Mana Eater Tree was not very high, the length of its arm allowed it to take range to gather more and more speed to the point where even a mere swing was enough to crush half a city!

Saint of the Absolute Felix did not panic at all even as the pressure of the wind threatened more and more strongly to push his body backwards.

"Now that you've lost your greatest power, do you really think you can continue fighting against me?" The white wings on the back of the Saint of the Absolute shone faintly with a dim flash of dark blue light.

Bai Zemin's pupils shrank fiercely when he noticed that the Saint of the Absolute's speed was even faster than his under the effect of Overlap Regeneration; it might even be faster than Little Snow's and the Sacred Winter Phoenix's Agility!

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!...

The giant hand of the Mana Eater Tree struck the empty air unable to do anything in the face of the Saint of the Absolute's super speed. The inertial force left behind by the swing of the Mana Eater Tree's left arm had not yet disappeared, making the colossal monster stagger weakly two steps ahead.

Bai Zemin could not help but frown deeply as he looked down. Just two steps of the Mana Eater Tree had caused a snowy mountain to completely collapse despite the distance, and the ground trembled as if the world was about to collapse. 

Truly, the Mana Eater Tree was a destructive monster in no way inferior to the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon despite not having as much physical power or extremely terrifying magical attacks!

"Felix, you son of a bitch!" The Mana Eater Tree's fury was evident as it roared, "Let thousands upon thousands of people step on your head every year. Let hundreds of thousands come to your house to pull out tens of thousands of hairs every year!! You damned good-for-nothing prick, sewer rat!!!"

Saint of the Absolute Felix's eyes flashed with a hint of pity and grief as he looked at the Mana Eater Tree. It was as if he could really understand and put himself in the other party's shoes.

"I understand, I really do... Yet, in the same way that you are not omnipotent, I am not omnipotent either." Saint of the Absolute Fenix said in a low voice but his tone was still clear enough for all to hear, "Mana Eater, the world we live in is the way it is... You kill or you die, and you know it. I know you have every reason and right to kill those who hurt you, particularly if we take into account that those individuals offended the dignity of a high-ranking soul evolver."

As the Saint of the Absolute spoke, the Mana Eater Tree who clearly already knew how this was going to end wasted no time. Bai Zemin noticed out of the corner of his eye as the colossal beast slowly but surely showed signs of regenerating its lost right hand; its regeneration speed was something out of this world!

"However." The eyes of the Saint of the Absolute shone with resolve and firmness as he looked into the wooden eyes of the Mana Eater Tree. His voice, though it held a hint of pity and regret, still sounded indisputable, "In the past you destroyed 2 kingdoms and killed millions just because of your fit of childish rage. Back then I and my legion swore to end your life, and today I am here to keep that promise... As a show of respect to you, I came alone and did not bring any help this time."

The Mana Eater let out a laugh that was tinged with contempt as it said in a deep voice: "Stop pretending, you damn good-for-nothing! Would you have dared to come fight me if this human and his party hadn't managed to counter my Mana Devouring skill? Felix, even if you kill me today it won't be because of your prowess!"

The Saint of the Absolute didn't seem to undergo any emotional changes and his thoughts didn't waver at the Mana Eater Tree's words either. He looked at Bai Zemin and examined him for a few seconds before smiling friendly, "Hi, how are you? Would you mind telling me your name? Mine is Felix... I have forgotten my last name, but people call me Saint of the Absolute on account of my Class."

Bai Zemin admitted in his heart that Saint of the Absolute Felix seemed to be a nice guy. He, who was extremely sensitive to things like murderous intent or malicious intentions, did not sense any of this coming from the body of the man with white pigeon wings. However, Bai Zemin did not dare to let his guard down even for an instant in front of this person.

Saint of the Absolute Felix had an Agility that surpassed Bai Zemin's by a no small margin, and if there was one stat that Bai Zemin feared, it was precisely Agility. 

No matter how much Strength a soul evolver had, it was of no use if they couldn't hit their target. Nor did it matter how high someone's Magic was if said someone failed to hit with their single-target magic attacks or if they did not have a wide-range destructive magic attack to shut down the enemy; in the face of absolute speed, all attacks were meaningless!

In other circumstances, he and Felix might have been able to get along. At the end of the day, Bai Zemin knew that in order to advance he did not have to kill every strong soul evolver he found along the way; such a thing was not only unnecessary but would definitely be despised by others even if no one said anything.

Unfortunately, being an ally of the Saint of the Absolute was out of the question for Bai Zemin. Even then, he calmly replied to the other party.

"Bai Zemin." 

"I see..." Saint of the Absolute Felix muttered something to himself under his breath before nodding with a faint smile, "Bai Zemin, is it? I'll remember your name."

Bai Zemin didn't care if the Saint of the Absolute remembered his name in the future or not because he didn't know if there would be a tomorrow for both of them at the same time, to begin with. Still, given that the other party was a soul evolver at the peak of the Fourth Order and one step short from becoming a Higher Existence, the fact that Felix was willing to remember Bai Zemin's name was proof of his respect towards him.

"Bai Zemin, I can tell that although your level is a bit low you are really powerful." The Saint of the Absolute spoke to Bai Zemin but his eyes were fixed on the Mana Eater Tree. He turned a blind eye to the fact that the enemy was doing his best to regenerate from the lash of his attack and continued, "Would you like to team up with me? Since you are its enemy I can say with certainty that the Mana Eater will not leave you and your people alone. Even if you want to leave, this vengeful monster will come back for your head when it recovers completely."

The expression on Mana Eater Tree's wrinkled wooden face changed slightly when it heard the words of the Saint of the Absolute. He was confident about being able to fight Bai Zemin or Felix separately... Even if it had lost most of its combat strength, it could still fight by making use of its practically endless Stamina and extremely fierce Vitality... But fighting two max soul evolvers at the same time was something that not even the most arrogant being in the world would dare to do unless they really had no other choice.

Bai Zemin also understood the thoughts of the Saint of the Absolute. The two of them did not have any kind of feud at all, so teaming up at least temporarily was not impossible; this was particularly true if one took into account that right now the two of them had the same enemy in common.

"Human King, you should think carefully if you want to join this treacherous rat!" The Mana Eater Tree laughed out loud and said tauntingly, "About a month ago, this brat appeared out of nowhere and started attacking me. But how could a rat who isn't even 2000 years old beat me at my own game? In the end, the great Saint of the Absolute whom humans worshipped so much fled the battlefield with great difficulty just before my Dimensional Configuration skill went into effect... But look now, when you finally appeared with the skills and the team needed to counter my Devouring Mana skill, the ever-righteous Saint of the Absolute appeared again pretending nobility!"

A month ago, the Saint of the Absolute and the Mana Eater Tree engaged in a fierce combat that lasted a whole day and a whole night. In the end, although the Saint of the Absolute was a lot faster in speed and attack movement, he still couldn't do anything against the Undying Forest in the head of the Mana Eater Tree... and when his Stamina began to run out, he was forced to retreat to avoid being locked up.

The Mana Eater Tree was really strong; strong to the point that Bai Zemin was definitely willing to rank it as the number 1 most dangerous enemy he had faced to this day. 

If Bai Zemin didn't have Soul Manipulation, Regeneration, Overlap Regeneration, Drain Life, Dark Mist, Crimson Flame, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, destructive skills capable of wrecking tens of kilometers, and a team of extremely powerful soul evolvers supporting his plan... If not for all these points coming together perfectly, Bai Zemin would not even have 10% confidence in taking down the Mana Eater Tree.

For example, if Bai Zemin had another one of the currently existing divine flames and not the Endless Blue Lotus Flame whose special characteristic was to spread to the ends of the universe and allowed Feng Tian Wu whose Mana was less than 10,000 points to incinerate a forest hundreds of kilometers long and hundreds of kilometers wide, Bai Zemin's plan would have failed before it even started because the Mana Eater Tree would have absorbed any flame using its excessive Mana even if it had to sacrifice some plants.

After some thought, Bai Zemin decided to accept the suggestion of Saint of the Absolute Felix. However, when he nodded he also raised his condition.

"We can team up, but you cannot kill the Mana Eater Tree."

Hearing this, Saint of the Absolute Felix frowned slightly and Mana Eater Tree laughed loudly.

"... You want to kill it to get the Mana Eater Tree's records?" Felix asked softly.

The Mana Eater Tree's records were undoubtedly records of supreme quality. Forget Earth, even in the entire universe, it would be hard to find records as good as those of the Mana Eater Tree.

It would be a lie to say that the Saint of the Absolute did not want to absorb such records. If he could absorb them and comprehend even a little of the Mana Devouring skill in the deeper records of the Mana Eater Tree, it would be a great boost to his advancement to the Fifth Order.

The Saint of the Absolute had been stuck at the 400 level for almost 1000 years. What did this mean? Almost a millennium of accumulated records to absorb!F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

His power would jump into the clouds with unimaginable force, not to mention that Felix could also sense that the Fifth Order was the beginning of something new for him as a soul evolver.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3