Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin was not very clear about what the World Tree was and what its specific purpose was. At the end of the day, there were many legends and mythologies of all kinds that came and went from mouth to mouth and book to book throughout the history of the human race.

Of course, he also didn't know that what was in front of him was actually a fragment of the World Tree Heart. However, just like a person didn't need to eat a pig to recognize one, he was still able to identify the object in the head of the Mana Eater Tree as something extremely rare and valuable.

The reason? In addition to his practically bestial sense howling in his heart for him to take it quickly, Bai Zemin was definitely not blind. In the midst of the darkness that surrounded him after digging more than five kilometers deep, that beautiful faint green shimmer that exuded a kind of warmth that soothed and calmed the soul was definitely not something normal or low-grade.

"Zemin, quickly take the fragment of the World Tree Heart!"

"World Tree Heart?" Bai Zemin jumped in surprise when he heard Lilith's urgent voice.

Lilith panicked because she knew how precious the World Tree Heart was... No, anything related to the World Tree was precious and priceless, to begin with. Even if she had no idea why a fragment of the World Tree Heart would appear here inside the head of a plant-like monster on Earth, since life set this unique opportunity before her beloved it definitely had to be capitalized on!

"You little scoundrel, stop talking and take it!" even Fire Sorrow was nervous!

If not for the fact that the person in front of her was Bai Zemin, Fire Sorrow would definitely have gone all out to reach the World Tree Heart fragment with her own hands!

Bai Zemin finally woke up from the shock he was feeling. His right hand moved as fast as lightning forward with the intention of grabbing that small irregular star-shaped object. 

The Mana Eater Tree's body squirmed and the furious roar of the plant-like beast hit Bai Zemin right in the ears, "Bai Zemin, you bastard son of a bitch!"

Bai Zemin felt his ears buzzing and his body staggered slightly as his mind was hit by the Mana Eater Tree's spiritual wave. His vision went blank for an extremely short moment, but when Bai Zemin regained control over his body he immediately sensed danger and out of pure instinct raised his left hand to cover his face as he tilted his upper body back.

A flash of pain shone in Bai Zemin's exhausted eyes as the battle gauntlet on his left hand could not resist the piercing of a golden-colored root at all. Red blood with tiny specks of golden color splattered his face and ran down his armor, but this sight that could have frightened anyone only served to enrage him even more.

"Impossible!" The Mana Eater Tree roared in shock at the sight of Bai Zemin actually waking up less than 1 second after it used its Mental Confusion skill.

Imprinted in the skill's records was the fact that any soul evolver below the Mana Eater Tree's level would suffer a 1-second daze at the very least!

"Just go to hell already!" Bai Zemin's mouth opened wide and his throat contorted oddly as he activated his own stun skill.

Roar!!!

On the outside, the Mana Eater Tree staggered as its mind went blank after being hit squarely by the War Cry skill.

Although the Saint of the Absolute Felix also staggered slightly, he still managed to recover rather quickly since he was not the main target. Even so and despite having the opportunity to attack the temporarily unprotected Mana Eater Tree, the Saint of the Absolute flapped his wings and quickly retreated with a cautious glint in his clear eyes.

When Bai Zemin took the small fragment of the World Tree Heart he felt as if his whole body became lighter. A gentle wave of warmth ran through every cell of his body, covering his blood vessels and skin alike, making Bai Zemin feel as if he was returning to his mother's embrace during his childhood years.

It was an extremely pleasant feeling, but unfortunately, Bai Zemin did not have the time nor was he in the right place to appreciate it. He quickly confirmed that the World Tree Heart fragment could be kept in his storage ring and once he was sure he no longer hesitated.

"No!!!" 

The Mana Eater Tree roared as soon as it came out of the daze caused by Bai Zemin's War Cry.

The Fourth Order colossus might have no idea what was the thing in its head, but it certainly felt that it had just lost something extremely important. The shock was so great that the effect of War Cry disappeared before time; that was how strong the shock the Mana Eater Tree felt when Bai Zemin pulled the fragment of the World Tree Heart away from its body!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Saint of the Absolute Felix recoiled even deeper and a flash of confusion joined the growing wariness in his heart. He watched with wide eyes as the wounds he had inflicted on the Mana Eater Tree stopped healing, almost as if that monstrous and unnatural Vitality finally hit rock bottom.

"What the hell is going on..." The Saint of the Absolute muttered to himself.

If not for the fact that the Mana Eater Tree's Vitality wasn't dropping, Felix would have even thought that the young human named Bai Zemin had tricked him to kill the enemy and keep the Mana Eater's records for himself!

"All of you go to hell!" The enraged and at the same time frightened Mana Eater Tree completely ignored the enemy in front of it. 

The Saint of the Absolute hesitated for a moment at the sight of the Mana Eater Tree's action. However, he quickly made his decision to not intervene again unless it became extremely necessary to save the lives of others.

Inside the flame-covered mutant forest, Shangguan Bing Xue watched with wide eyes as the two giant hands of the Mana Eater Tree clenched into fists and slammed towards them.

It was as if the monster wasn't even afraid to smash its own head in order to kill them all!

Shangguan Bing Xue knew that Bai Zemin was facing a critical moment right now therefore he certainly could not afford to be disturbed. 

The enemy was a colossal monster whose Mana reserves seemed to be infinite and whose Vitality was simply immeasurable; a level 400 beast that lived for almost six thousand years and had turned two ancient kingdoms into history. If these were normal times, Shangguan Bing Xue would be delighted to avoid colliding head-on with a creature that could single-handedly bring apocalypse to an entire race.

However, since it involved that person, she would rather be erased from existence than fail him. She had promised that she would always have his back no matter what!

"As if I would let you do whatever you feel like doing!"

Boom!

Shangguan Bing Xue's body shot into the sky like a rocket at full speed. Her rising speed was so fast that in a hundredth of a second she appeared just below the two giant fists; in the center of both of them.

If her body were hit by those two giant fists it would be a miracle if she had any healthy bones left!

"Damn annoying fly, go to hell!" The Mana Eater Tree's fists did not stop but rather increased in power. The beast would definitely show mercy to no one!

"The one who will go to hell is you!" Shangguan Bing Xue slashed her sword upwards as she called out from the heart, "Elf Queen's Frozen Pride!"

She only had a little over 400 Mana points at the moment and knew that once she exhausted them her combat strength would drop to a minimum. She also knew that she would be greatly weakened to the point where standing would be challenging.... Even so, Shangguan Bing Xue did not hesitate to directly expend all the Mana she had until her reserves hit 0 in a heartbeat.

The silhouette of a beautiful woman appeared behind Shangguan Bing Xue. 

The most surprising thing of all was that this beautiful woman seemed to be performing the same movements Shangguan Bing Xue was doing at the exact same time. Furthermore, while it was true that Shangguan Bing Xue had used this skill on numerous occasions in the past to take down extremely powerful enemies, this time the silhouette of the beautiful woman was significantly clearer compared to the other times.

The pupils of Saint of the Absolute Felix trembled slightly as he shot backwards hurriedly.

Swooooooooooooooosh!!!

Shangguan Bing Xue's sword slash was completed, and from the blade, a huge blast of frost shot out and only grew as it spread across the sky. Every time she used her crown treasure 'Elf Queen's Frozen Pride' the frost blast would be light white in color, this time, however, the shot out blast was white with small bright pink specks.

The giant fists of the Mana Eater Tree that seemed to be capable of destroying the entire world were only 5 meters away from crushing the body of Shangguan Bing Xue who was no different from an ant as far as size comparison was concerned. However, it was as if some impenetrable wall had appeared in front of both fists as they could not advance even an inch forward.

RUMBLE!!!

...

The sky seemed to be about to collapse. The whole atmosphere trembled with such a force that from a distance one could see the alteration in the laws caused by the clash between the giant fists and the frost that covered half sky.

This stalemate lasted such a short time that it was no different than an illusion; only a hundredth of a second. 

Anyone would think that the two giant fists would emerge victorious, but evolution-altered reality proved once again that it was capable of shaking all logic.

"W-What is this ice...!" 

The disbelieving and even slightly fearful voice of the Mana Eater Tree echoed in the sky. 

In the distance, Khristina llyinishna observed what was happening and couldn't help but mutter with her sweet voice under her breath, "Impossible..." 

Starting from the fingers, a seemingly thin and fragile layer of ice quickly spread across the rest of both fists. However, the ice did not stop expanding but continued to grow until it completely covered both fists and both arms up to shoulder height.

What surprised the Saint of the Absolute the most was that he could see the ever-growing panic in the wooden eyes of the Mana Eater Tree! It was only then that Felix understood that that seemingly fragile ice shell was actually so hard and tough that the terrifying Mana Eater was not only having trouble consuming it but was also experiencing difficulty in breaking it!

Shangguan Bing Xue's pretty face turned so pale that it was as if all traces of blood suddenly left her. Once the upward momentum disappeared, her body began to fall from the sky and in her weakened state, she was unable to put up any resistance against the fierce gusts of wind blowing high above.

Just at that moment, a beautiful bird's cry sounded in the sky. Shangguan Bing Xue only saw a crimson flash shining for a second in the corner of her eyes before she felt her back resting on an extremely soft feather bed.

As the Devastation Queen moved at lightning speed and evaded the fierce wind blades in the sky, Shangguan Bing Xue weakly turned her head towards the Mana Eater Tree's head. Her exhausted blue eyes shone with a mysterious light as she met Feng Tian Wu's equally exhausted gaze.

Feng Tian Wu lowered her head to the ground and finally couldn't take it anymore. Her legs gave up and she fell to her knees panting heavily.

"I just can't sustain my skill anymore..."

She had even overcome her own limits with sheer willpower, but everything had boundaries in this universe and Feng Tian Wu finally hit rock bottom.

"Damn tree, just become fertilizer once and for all!" Shangguan Xinyue could be gentle on the surface and even a tease, but when she was annoyed her character changed considerably. As a single mother, Shangguan Bing Xue was her world so seeing her daughter's condition was certainly not pleasing to her eyes.

Her body shot into the sky with speed even faster than her daughter's earlier and in a jiffy she appeared above the frozen hands. Although at this height it was unbearably difficult to breathe as the wind even damaged the lungs, Shangguan Xinyue pointed towards the sky with bloodshot eyes and shouted.

"Go to hell! Annihilation Lightning!"

The Mana inside Shangguan Xinyue's body was emptied on the spot and her magical power erupted outwards. 

There was a thunderous explosion that not only shook the sky but even the ground miles below trembled fiercely. Even Khristina, who was watching everything from over 50 kilometers away, lost her vision for two seconds as a flash of incredibly bright red light blinded the entire world.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3