Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin naturally had no idea about what had happened in Russia, and he probably wouldn't care too much even if he did know. This was because regardless of whether the Russian Leader became a powerful zombie with extremely terrifying poisoning capabilities, Bai Zemin was still not afraid of any zombies.

Forget about the fact that Bai Zemin's most important records could not be modified or damaged at all or the fact that Immortal Blood Radiance would restore his records if they were corrupted, he even had the Limitless Pagoda that allowed him to bring back the records of other living beings to their base without letting that individual lose power.

After clashing with the Saint of the Absolute and deciding the winner, Bai Zemin led his troops 250 kilometers back from the Mana Eater Tree. After giving several instructions, he left Kang Lan and the others to take over the fort on Russian soil.

Although there were many people who wanted to join him on this "adventure" to Europe, Bai Zemin only brought two people with him; Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun. Of course, in the Collector's Pocket World was the little porcelain doll-like beauty, Kali, along with the faction's little princess, Bai Shilin.

Neither of the two little girls was really willing to stay away from Bai Zemin for a long time due to a variety of reasons. Although they could not see him since they were in the Collector's Pocket Watch, both little girls knew that he was just a thought away.

Riding on Little Snow's back, Bai Zemin looked at the small broken star-shaped fragment in his hand with a thoughtful expression on his face. 

"What are you looking at?" Wu Yijun leaned forward and asked with a beautiful smile on her face. 

Bai Zemin, who had been staring at the fragment of the World Tree Heart fixedly for more than 40 minutes, felt two soft but giant marshmallows suddenly resting on his back. Surprised, he turned his head slightly to look over his shoulder but was immediately stunned by the breathtaking smile of the beauty who had leaned forward.

Seeing his awestruck appearance, Wu Yijun's eyebrows curved slightly along with her crescent-shaped eyes.

Her mood had been very good lately; the faction was steadily growing (much of the reason, her contribution), everyone's strength was steadily increasing (including her own), her family was doing well and living comfortable lives (deservedly so), and the only man she had ever loved in her entire life was finally showing signs of seeing her as more than just a friend.

From the point of view of Wu Yijun who had worked so hard for the past year and a half after the change in the world, the current situation was almost the best.

Shangguan Bing Xue, who was sitting on the front part of Little Snow's back with Bai Zemin behind her, looked over her shoulder. She could not help but roll her eyes when she saw Bai Zemin bewildered in front of her good sister's smile, but despite the jealousy she felt in her heart, she did not say anything but fought against the instinct of jealousy that was beginning to show signs of rising in her heart.

Even Shangguan Bing Xue admitted that Wu Yijun's smile was simply too beautiful at this moment.

After a few seconds, Bai Zemin blinked, finally waking up from his daydream. He cleared his throat and looked at the World Tree Heart fragment in his hand again. As to whether he did it to decide what to do next with this precious object or whether he did it because he was afraid of getting caught in Wu Yijun's innocent smile again, only Bai Zemin himself knew for sure.

_______________Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

[World Tree Heart (Fragment - Demigod Grade Natural Treasure): The World Tree, also known as the Tree of Life, is the only entity in the multiverse capable of linking worlds and realms; even connecting heaven and underworld, as well as life and death. It is said that whoever possesses the World Tree Heart will not only have true immortality but will also be able to move between the diverse worlds and realms making use of the innumerable branches of the World Tree.]

[When carried on the body, it automatically increases the Health of the possessor by +5000 points].

[Effect 1: Any wound will heal twice as fast depending on the Health of the holder. In addition, all Health points obtained through absorbing Soul Power will be multiplied x2 from the moment the holder gains the recognition of the World Tree Heart fragment].

[Effect 2: Increases the power of plant-related skills x2. In addition, any plant will grow x3 faster than normal when near the holder].

[Restricted to living beings who possess a strong affinity with nature and have a pure heart].

_______________

Bai Zemin was secretly surprised and alarmed in his heart. Even after close to an hour since he read the records of the World Tree Heart fragment he stole from the Mana Eater Tree's head, the shock in his heart still lingered like an immortal flame that would not be extinguished no matter what.

Just a fragment of the World Tree Heart was already a Demigod grade treasure... Didn't this mean that the entire World Tree Heart was a God-grade treasure?

But more importantly, what about the World Tree? Wouldn't it be considered an even higher treasure than God grade? The ability to move between worlds, universes, and realms, as well as the ability to be immortal!

More than that, legend said that if someone managed to gain control of the World Tree/Tree of Life, he or she would have the capacity to bring the souls of the dead out of the underworld and bring them back to life!

Looking at those 5000 Health points, as well as the first effect, Bai Zemin couldn't help but smile bitterly as he shook his head helplessly, "Really, this situation of mine reminds me of when I was in elementary school staring the desserts at Aunt Lu's bakery but with no money to buy the cakes."

No, his current situation was even more pitiable than his situation at Aunt Lu's bakery!

Back then there was nothing he could do since he had no money but now Bai Zemin had the item in his hands and he simply couldn't use it at all!

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun looked at each other in confusion as they saw the helpless expression on Bai Zemin's face. 

What did the broken object in his hand have to do with that Aunt Lu's bakery from his childhood? Could it be that the object with the faint olive-green glow was in reality a cake factory?

The two girls were clueless.

"Lilith, you really don't want it?" Bai Zemin asked for the third time.

Swoosh!

Lilith showed herself since there was no need to hide from the people present. Her two pairs of wings moved gracefully on her back, keeping her movement speed at Little Snow's pace.

She gently stroked Little Snow's beautiful white fur before looking at Bai Zemin with a gentle smile, "Silly boy, I've told you twice that it's not that I don't want it but it's just that I can't do anything about it. Putting aside the fact whether I have a pure heart or not after all the bad things I did in my life, my skills have nothing to do with nature, remember?"

In fact, the reason why Bai Zemin kept insisting on giving her the fragment of the World Tree Heart was because he knew that Lilith was lying to him.

About 1 year ago, when Bai Zemin and Lilith parted for the first time because she had to attend some sort of meeting with the other members of the Demonic Army, he together with Shangguan Bing Xue fought on the bridge that functioned as a link between the north and south of Beijing with the eastern sea running underneath. 

At that time, he fainted from exhaustion after that fierce battle to the death against the Third Order Zombie Leader and the Beast Leader whose magical power even took Bai Zemin by surprise. It was then that Shangguan Bing Xue appeared and saw Lilith near him, so thinking she was an enemy, Shangguan Bing Xue attacked Lilith.

Bai Zemin woke up not long after but pretended to be fainted so as not to get involved between the two tigresses, and thanks to this, he managed to see how Lilith controlled the plants in the sea bottom as if they were her puppets. What did this mean? It meant that Lilith definitely had some affinity with nature after all...

But... why would Lilith lie to him? Bai Zemin was not angry as this kind of lie was not harmful at all nor did it cause him any inconvenience. In fact, the only one who was getting harmed here was none other than Lilith herself for rejecting such a precious natural treasure.

What reason did Lilith have to reject part of the World Tree Heart? Bai Zemin could not think of anything tangible.

Just when he was lost in thought, Lilith made a rather obvious suggestion.

"Zemin, why don't you give the fragment of the World Tree Heart to Little Sister Yijun?" She reached out her hand and gently brushed Wu Yijun's silky night-black hair while using her bright ruby-colored eyes to look intensely but gently into her dark eyes, "Little Sister Yijun has a gentle heart by nature, unlike me. Furthermore, her Class and skills are completely focused on plants and nature so she would probably be a better candidate than me."

"Big sister Lili..." Wu Yijun's eyes grew moist as she felt the sincerity in her words.

Wu Yijun may not know how amazing this fragment of the World Tree Heart Lilith was talking about was but she certainly knew the legend of the Tree of Life. If the object in Bai Zemin's hand was what she thought it was, then Lilith was giving up a great opportunity to give it to her!

Although Lili turned out to be Lilith, a powerful Sixth Order succubus, the reality of the two of them becoming friends on that hot day at the pool did not change. In fact, Wu Yijun and Lilith often chatted for at least 30 minutes a day except when it was impossible for various reasons beyond their control.

Bai Zemin suddenly felt his heart begin to beat faster and faster as he looked at the two women.

A single thought flashed in his mind.

This thought, this idea, was nothing more than a wild theory of his... A wild guess that if he said it aloud would cause laughter and ridicule. 

However, the more he thought about it the more he felt that many things suddenly began to make sense.

Besides... 

'If it is really like that... Then I think I now understand what the goal Lilith has been pursuing all her life is!'

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3