Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"The World Tree is located in a mysterious place, it seems to be a kind of space crack but at the same time it looks different... It's like some kind of abyss in the middle of the darkness, I'm not quite sure because what I saw looked more like a dream than something real and the images were too blurry with cut scenes." Wu Yijun began to slowly and calmly narrate the things she saw before as she tried to join the World Tree Heart fragment.

They were still halfway there so they had plenty of time. Besides, unless a Fourth Order mutant beast appeared in the sky, the odds of them being attacked were extremely low as well so they didn't have to worry too much.

"When the Nature Goddess arrived at this kind of abyss, she had been seriously injured by some kind of monster made of lightning. The monster made of lightning had no consciousness of itself nor did it seem to be alive, it only attacked the invaders. Although the Nature Goddess was extremely powerful and her Health as strong as a mountain, the lightning monsters were many and they were also very powerful so they forced her to flee for her life in the end. Fortunately for her, the lightning monsters stopped chasing her when she reached some sort of garden."

"Garden?" Lilith raised her eyebrows in astonishment, "A garden can stop a pair of monsters that strong?"

"Big sister Lilith, although I don't know why the lightning monsters were so afraid of this garden, that's what happened." Wu Yijun nodded with a serious expression on her face. "The garden was surrounded by total darkness, but fortunately there was a sea of obsidian purple flowers to light up the area. These obsidian-purple flowers released a faint warm radiance that attracts the soul, and even the Nature Goddess was so enchanted by these purple flowers that she forgot her severe injuries and walked towards them with a dazed expression on her face."

Obsidian-colored purple flower? Faint warm radiance? Soul attraction? Fire Sorrow frowned deeply upon hearing these three characteristics.

If Archangel Gabriel of the Army of Heaven was considered by most as the most intelligent living being in the universe, then Archdemon Fire Sorrow of the Demonic Army was definitely the most knowledgeable. 

She had read countless books, emptied hundreds of thousands of libraries among which thousands were the size of coliseums. If she were a Lower Existence she would definitely not be able to remember all or the vast majority of the most important things she read; even Bai Zemin would not be able to do such a thing... But Fire Sorrow was an extremely powerful mage whose level had already reached the peak of the Seventh Order more than ten thousand years ago.

Suddenly, an image appeared in her head causing Fire Sorrow to tremble in terror. She waved her hand hurriedly and with a flash of purple light from her storage ring, a tiny book wrapped in black leather appeared in her palm.

She ignored the curious glances of the others and focused solely on Wu Yijun. After opening the book and turning a few pages, she finally seemed to find what she was looking for.

"Wu Yijun, the plant you saw looks like this one?" Fire Sorrow turned the book and pointed to an image slightly corroded by the passage of time. 

Although she tried to remain calm, everyone could clearly see the trembling of her finger as she pointed to the image.

The image she was pointing at with her index finger turned out to be an extremely beautiful and elegant flower. The flower was dark obsidian purple on the outside, but as one looked toward the center one would notice that the color gradually lightened until at the very core of the flower the petals turned deep blue.

"That's it, that's the flower I saw!" Wu Yijun exclaimed in surprise as if she had not expected to see that same flower in real life.

Hearing her confirmation, Fire Sorrow sucked in a breath of cold air and her pupils trembled. 

Bai Zemin whose eyes were extremely sharp did not miss the flash of dread that shone in her light purple eyes. This truly perplexed him; he could not understand how it was possible that a small plant managed to scare one of the most powerful and destructive beings in history just by its name being mentioned.

Before Fire Sorrow closed the book, Bai Zemin managed to catch a glimpse of the larger-sized words written at the bottom of the plant's image. Although he didn't recognize the language, he could still remember those things, therefore, he planned to ask Meng Qi who possessed the skill of understanding all the languages that existed or Kali who had an earring that granted her the same skill that Meng Qi later on.

"C-Continue." Fire Sorrow didn't give time for anyone to ask questions. She seemed to be really interested in what Wu Yijun saw, "What happened to the Nature Goddess when she went near the sea of purple flowers? Did she die?"

"She didn't die big sister Fire Sorrow. In some way I'm not sure, the Nature Goddess reached a large ancient tree with tens of thousands of branches of all kinds of sizes in the center of that garden, and when she touched one of the branches she simply disappeared without a trace." Wu Yijun shook her head and half lied.

In fact, Wu Yijun did not reveal all the information because no matter how friendly Fire Sorrow was to them, she still belonged to the Demonic Army. Lilith was different since she was Bai Zemin's lover and life partner, she would never betray him... But was Fire Sorrow really 100% reliable? At the end of the day, she and Lucifer were friends who had known each other for millions of years...

Therefore, following Bai Zemin's subtle suggestion, Wu Yijun kept the biggest secret for when she was alone with him.

"I... I see..." Fire Sorrow looked disappointed but didn't ask any more questions.

Although she felt that Wu Yijun might be hiding things from her, Fire Sorrow couldn't blame her.

Fire Sorrow herself was clearer than anyone that her present position was extremely awkward, and it was already a miracle that Bai Zemin and the others didn't treat her in a hostile manner or look at her with wary eyes.

In fact, Fire Sorrow even felt grateful to Wu Yijun and looked at her with eyes filled with gratitude, much to the latter's confusion.

Fire Sorrow wanted to get as close as possible to Bai Zemin; this was an undeniable truth. However, she was still the right hand of the Demonic Army's Leader as well as his best friend... Fire Sorrow would not be able to betray Lucifer, nor would she be able to hide extremely important information from him as this could cause his death in the future.

Since Wu Yijun kept the most important things to herself, Fire Sorrow would not have to feel too guilty later.

* * *

Three days later, Bai Zemin and his team finally arrived at the border of Italy; just 5 days after Archangel Uriel dropped off that message.

When they got there, Saint of the Absolute Felix had apparently been waiting for them for quite some time.

Swoosh!

Little Snow stopped in the sky at Bai Zemin's command and looked warily at the pigeon-winged man 500 meters distance away.

Felix was standing in the sky with a friendly smile on his face. He nodded weakly to Little Snow before slowly approaching, "You are finally here, Bai Zemin. Close call and I thought you wouldn't make it."

"If they start the meeting without the two of us then they'd be looking down on us." Bai Zemin stroked Little Snow's fur to calm her down and smiled slightly as he asked with a slight frown, "By the way, are you better?"

"Ah, I'm fine now." Saint of the Absolute Felix raised his right hand as if to show that he was already healed and sighed, "Healing from that wound you caused me was no problem at all, the real problem was removing your mana from my records... You really are a strange creature, Bai Zemin. Your mana seemed to have properties similar to that of the Mana Eater, consuming my mana and making it difficult for me to trigger skills."

Bai Zemin smiled slightly but said nothing in response. What Saint of the Absolute Felix suffered was the result of Bai Zemin's Blood Manipulation skill, which could devour the enemy's mana.

After exchanging a few words and reaffirming their temporary alliance, the group of Bai Zemin riding on the back of Little Snow and Saint of Absolute Felix turned into two flashes of light that soon disappeared into the distant horizon.

What surprised Bai Zemin and the others was that even before they reached the Vatican, they could already sense at least a hundred powerful auras in the sky.

"It can't be..." Wu Yijun expressed her incredulity as she looked at the surroundings in shock.

Even Shangguan Bing Xue whose expression remained generally indifferent showed surprise on her beautiful face.

In the sky, approximately 1000 flying mutant beasts occupied their small individual space. No one approached each other, and it was evident that they were all extremely guarded against each other.

Ninety percent of those mutant beasts had auras of soul evolvers at the peak of the Third Order. However, there were approximately a hundred of them that were being used as mounts by other soul evolvers.

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed coldly as he scanned the figures on the mutant beasts one by one. At the same time, he and the rest were also being cautiously studied by the others.

"... To think that there would actually be so many Fourth Order soul evolvers. Did this angel named Uriel just invite all the strongest ones here?" He muttered to himself. 

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded, and after a moment of silence she sneered, "At least it looks like we won't be bored."

In Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes, all those Fourth Order soul evolvers belonging to other races might survive if they behaved obediently. But if they dared to play any tricks they would become ancient history even before they knew what happened to them.  𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Leaving aside existences like Saint of the Absolute, the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon that appeared in America, or the recently fallen Mana Eater; Shangguan Bing Xue had full confidence that her team could easily defeat any enemy that crossed their path.

In fact, as far as Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun concerned, their current team should be able to sweep the entire Vatican and turn all of Italy upside down.

Just as the two beauties were thinking like this, a purple flash approached speedily from the horizon directly aiming at them.

The expression of Saint of the Absolute sank and a flash of murderous intent shone in his clear eyes. 

Even before Bai Zemin could say a single word, Felix turned into a flash of white lightning heading straight for the purple flash.

"Looks like someone really likes to court death." Bai Zemin activated Shadow Control in preparation to fight.

Damn it, he wasn't causing trouble in other people's house so it was already their blessing but now it turns out that others want to seek trouble with his team out of nowhere? These people really wanted to go against the order of heaven!

However, Bai Zemin certainly did not expect the other party to be so powerful even though he could sense their aura from a distance.

Saint of the Absolute froze in the sky for a split second as if he had been struck by some kind of secret magic even before reaching the enemy... and a split second frozen on the battlefield could mean life or death in a battle between high-level experts.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3