Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Although the distance between Saint of the Absolute Felix and the dark purple cloud was over 200 meters, the speed of the dark purple cloud was so fast that in that brief split second Felix stood frozen it had already appeared in front of him.

Two hundred meters distance was nothing compared to the speed with which soul evolvers at the peak of the Fourth Order could burst out!

At this point Bai Zemin had already realized that it would be impossible for him to reach and support Saint of the Absolute unless he had the ability to magically teleport over 1000 meters in an instant. But in fact, even if he had that skill hidden in his arsenal it was doubtful whether Bai Zemin would use it or not; at the end of the day, he and Felix were only temporary allies who joined together for a common good but both were certainly not willing to die for the other!

Regaining his body's motion again, Saint of the Absolute Felix raised his silver sword to chest height as his wings exploded forward and his body recoiled.

"Hahaha, you've become slow after sleeping for several years, my old friend!" An extremely arrogant laugh sounded from within the purple cloud, and before Saint of the Absolute Felix could retreat completely he was sent flying over 200 meters by a large and powerful jet black hand.

BOOOM!!!

Even though Felix responded as quickly as possible he still did not manage to completely escape from the enemy's attack. His body flew back explosively and his sword was almost sent flying away from his reach when the black hand struck the blade, almost splitting it in half.

Swoosh!

Using a pair of ash-gray wings two meters wide, Bai Zemin appeared behind Felix and using his own strength canceled the enemy's remaining strength, helping his ally stabilize in the sky.

"Thank you..." Felix was not in a good mood but still nodded cordially towards Bai Zemin without taking his eyes off the purple cloud that had stopped instead of continuing to attack.

"What is this? Felix, don't tell me that a being as pure and kind as you is actually allied with a repulsive human who is even worse than demons?" The purple cloud began to become thinner and thinner, receding towards the center as if it were being sucked into some kind of invisible black hole. 

Bai Zemin watched indifferently the soul evolver who had revealed himself once the purple cloud had completely disappeared.

This man was over eight feet tall and his body was as sturdy as a steel tower. His skin did not appear to be made of cell tissue but seemed to be made of a kind of shiny metal of a completely black color; even light seemed to be devoured by the black metal skin. Even then, however, the dimensions of his face were quite attractive even to human standards and his glowing purple eyes were particularly enchanting.

The two goat horns and the tail behind his back, as well as the bat wings, exposed this man's racial identity. He was definitely a high-level demon.

This man's armor was made of purple dragon scales, and occasionally there was a flash of purple fire spreading around the armor. Although this demon did not have a sword or spear or even an axe as a weapon, the two globe-shaped gloves on his hands were undoubtedly lethal weapons of high Rank.

Bai Zemin suspected the identity of this demon from the moment he managed to freeze Saint of the Absolute and send his body flying backwards with a punch, but the words Felix said next confirmed his earlier thoughts completely.

"Worse than demons? Humans are indeed, untrustworthy creatures who sin more than they breathe in their lives... But compared to you, the embodiment of corruption itself, even the vilest human of all is a saint!" The murderous intent in the voice of Saint of the Absolute was so thick that no one dared to approach.

The flying mutant beasts and their riders kept a respectful distance despite being extremely powerful soul evolvers. Even if they were confident they could fight the other side, they had no reason to advance and look for trouble, or did they? It was wiser to look at the program from a corner first.

Who knows, they might get one or two advantages after both sides clash!

At that moment, Bai Zemin stepped forward and asked in an indifferent voice, "Are you the Demon of the Corruption?"

His action surprised Saint of the Absolute a little, but what confused him even more was the fact that Bai Zemin seemed to know his most hated enemy. However, was such a thing even possible? Bai Zemin was but a newborn baby compared to the Demon of the Corruption who had just awakened after millions of years of being sealed underground!

"Felix, my old friend, why don't you train your little dog not to bark when the masters speak? If he were one of my dogs I would have already torn out his tongue and blown out his teeth with a slap for his impudence." Demon of the Corruption was extremely arrogant and didn't put anyone in his eyes at all not to mention Bai Zemin, who in his opinion was nothing more than a level 100 little soul evolver.

"You are courting death..." Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes flashed with murderous intent even stronger than that exhibited earlier by Saint of the Absolute.

She activated several movement skills in the blink of an eye, and even before Bai Zemin and the others could react, she turned into a current of icy air breaking through distances at lightning speed.

"Stop!" Felix shouted urgently as he saw the movement of the human woman accompanying Bai Zemin.

Although he knew that Shangguan Bing Xue was strong, Demon of the Corruption was an enemy that even he could not behead after hundreds of battles!

What surprised and confused Felix the most was that Bai Zemin actually did nothing to stop that woman... Was he out of his mind? Or could it be that he didn't really care about the life of his ally? Saint of the Absolute didn't know the right answer but was getting ready to make his move when something that shocked him to the marrow of his bones occurred.

Demon of the Corruption initially wanted to smash the head of the little ant that dared to attack him boldly. However, when he saw the incomparably beautiful face of the human female charging at him he immediately changed his mind.

Among the different races that exist, demons that looked similar to humans had a practically identical sense of looks and beauty. Therefore, just as the human males found the succubus females of the demon race extremely beautiful, the males of the demon race found some beauties of the human race extremely attractive.

If it was about beauty among humans, was there anyone capable of beating Shangguan Bing Xue? Bai Zemin wasn't too sure but he would at least be willing to bet on her place as #1. 

"Little chick, I'll take you home to play sweetly for several nights!" The eyes of Demon of the Corruption glowed brightly and the purple color in his pupils grew exponentially more intense, releasing a kind of invisible spiritual wave as his Charm soared up to the clouds in the blink of an eye.

Shangguan Bing Xue responded even faster as she sensed the change in the enemy's aura. The ruby red color at the rim of her eyes quickly covered the rest of her pupils making her Charm not only increase x10 times but also released a surge of magical power from her gaze into the gaze of Demon of the Corruption as their eyes met for a brief moment.

"You want to contest against me in terms of Charm? Hahaha-" Demon of the Corruption suddenly froze in mid-laugh and his body began to lose power as he slowly fell from the clouds.

His Corruption skill had several uses, but the favorite of Demon of the Corruption was to increase his Charm immensely to the point where females of any race would go crazy for just a touch of his finger. 

On the other hand, Shangguan Bing Xue's Charming Eye skill did not increase her Charm exponentially a fixed amount but was dependent on her natural Charm. A normal woman probably wouldn't get many benefits from such a skill, but Shangguan Bing Xue's Charm was already abnormal to begin with so, after multiplying by 10, one could only imagine how terrifying the effect on an enemy watched by her could be!

"Blizzard!" Shangguan Bing Xue slashed her sword downwards and released a strong icy mist towards Demon of the Corruption falling from the sky.

Although the enemy had fallen stunned and lost much of his strength temporarily, the level difference was simply too high not to mention that there was some sort of flame protecting the body of Demon of the Corruption. However, even though the skill Blizzard failed to turn him into an ice statue, it still managed to partially encase half of his body under a thin but strong layer of frost.

"This..." Saint of the Absolute was dumbfounded.

Was that woman this strong? Even the worst demon in history since Felix's birth was falling from the sky! 

However, Felix also knew that Demon of the Corruption was a terrifying enemy. He quickly turned to Bai Zemin to warn him and make his friend back off but Felix gasped as he realized that Bai Zemin was no longer around.

"Damn bitch...! When I get my hands on you I'll make you beg for mercy while playing with your body to my heart's content!" 

The enemy's furious roar echoed in the skies and frightened most of those present.

Demon of the Corruption finally snapped out of his daze after 1 second of being stunned and quickly steadied himself by flapping his giant wings. At the same time, the muscles of his body trembled and the frost that held him prisoner began to crack easily.

"You want to put your pig's paws on me? Not in this life or the afterlife, you worthless scumbag." Shangguan Bing Xue scoffed as she simultaneously made a platform of ice and jumped backwards. "But I'll let my man punish you first for your audacity."

My man? 

The pupils of Demon of the Corruption trembled as he realized something and hurriedly slammed backwards with all his might after forcing himself not to chase after the human female. He needed to protect himself first and punish her later!

BOOM!!! BOOM!!!!

The two enemies exploded in a pile of blood-colored lightning without being able to take the full Strength of the powerful Fourth Order demon; they didn't even manage to push him back a step even though he had been taken by surprise. However, these two clones fulfilled their purpose perfectly.

Not good! 

Demon of the Corruption finally realized he had been tricked, and worst of all, he could already feel the heavy blade of the enemy's weapon on his neck!

He had no time to defend himself or counterattack!

At the same time as Demon of the Corruption let out a roar that shook the clouds, Bai Zemin's voice seemed to belong to that of the King of Hell as the sky rumbled.

"Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth!!"

Falling from the sky like a meteorite with Annihilation of the Falling Sky in its greatsword form, Bai Zemin who was enveloped by a flash of golden light and purple flames dancing on the blade of his weapon struck viciously at the Demon of the Corruption's head.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He was really furious. 

If he wasn't going to look for trouble the others should be happy but someone dared to mess with him? Even dare to say such words to Shangguan Bing Xue in his presence? If he did not let the other party taste the true flavor of bitterness then he would not be able to calm the flame in his heart!

... 

Bai Zemin had not realized that ever since he managed to break into the legendary and mysterious God Mode during his battle against the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, his personality was showing signs of change... This was the first time it happened so clearly since Stone Heart evolved into Immovable Heart.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3