Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Although Bai Zemin was not using Soul Manipulation and thus Overlap Regeneration only allowed him to exchange the points of one stat for another instead of the double effect the skill would have with Soul Manipulation doing its job, the power of Overlap Regeneration was undeniable; particularly in the hands of a powerful soul evolver.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

With nearly 14,000 Strength points, added to the attack power of Annihilation of the Falling Sky plus the weight of its greatsword form, counting the falling force from the sky with the gravity increased x30 times, and adding to all of this the 20% increase in attack power that Crimson Flame granted Bai Zemin... One could only try to imagine how powerful his charged attack would be after activating Rumbling the 'Heavens, Shaking the Earth'.

All this without mentioning the fact that Bai Zemin was using the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame and not to mention the fact that he was aiming directly at the enemy's weak point; the head!

Of course, Bai Zemin was not naive enough to think that with this attack he could kill Demon of the Corruption; such a thing was simply impossible. At the end of the day, his enemy was a level 200 soul evolver who had lived for thousands of years and owned dozens of treasures to increase his overall might.

However, what happened next was something that Bai Zemin certainly did not count on.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!...

The mutant beasts closest to the center of the explosion were pushed back fiercely amidst their unthreatening shrieks and roars. Only those powerful Fourth Order beasts or the mounts of the strongest soul evolvers managed to barely hold their ground.

It was as if the sky was collapsing. 

The clouds within 100 kilometers exploded outward as a great shockwave caused them to disappear. If a person could look at the sky 500 kilometers around, they would definitely be shocked to see a giant hole completely empty and devoid of clouds.

The body of Demon of the Corruption flew down like a meteorite breaking through the earth's atmosphere. Everyone present had eyes sharp enough to see that the other party's surprise attack had, at the very least, stolen the ability for the previously arrogant Demon of the Corruption to move of his own volition.

Demon of the Corruption fell from the sky and flew backwards over 2 whole kilometers before crashing fiercely into the southern wall of the Vatican's main base, the place where the summit meeting between all the powerhouses was to take place.

BOOM!!!

There were some unfortunate soldiers who died on the spot and a part of the great wall collapsed when the body of Demon of the Corruption sank into the huge stone wall.

In the sky, Wu Yijun was ecstatic and couldn't help but voice her thoughts, "This is great! Even if he didn't die with that attack he definitely should have suffered a fatal wound!"

She couldn't imagine how after such a blow to the head a 2 and a half meter soul evolver could be able to stand up and carry on as if it was nothing. Forget about a 2 and a half meter soul evolver, even a 10 or 20 meter tall dragon would have difficulty standing up after being hit squarely in the head!

In contrast to Wu Yijun, Shangguan Bing Xue was more observant and experienced. At first she thought and felt the same way as Wu Yijun... but after seeing the faces of Saint of the Absolute and Bai Zemin her expression turned cold.

"Damn insolent ant..."

An extremely sinister voice traveled from the distance.

Boom!!!

The area of the wall where the body of Demon of the Corruption had been buried exploded as a torrent of purple flames burst into the sky, soaring 100 meters in an instant.

"I will peel your skin, cut your flesh, rip out your muscles, tear out your sinews, slice out your tongue, gouge out your eyes... I will make you wish you were dead and never born!!!" The eyes of Demon of the Corruption truly were worthy of the eyes of a genuine demon as he glared at Bai Zemin as if he wished nothing more than to eat his entire existence until he wiped him off the face of the earth for all eternity.

Bai Zemin frowned slightly as he stared at the bright purple flame around his enemy's body and couldn't help but grow tremendously alarmed.

Just before, when he was half an inch away from crushing the head of the Demon of the Corruption, a thin layer of purple fire appeared in the way and managed to block part of his attack partially before collapsing. What amazed Bai Zemin was that this seemingly fragile layer of fire actually managed to drain approximately 30% of the power behind his attack...

What concept was 30% damage reduction? It was simply absurd and absolutely nefarious to nullify about half of someone's total power just like that, not to mention that this flame clearly had awareness and intelligence of its own existence and that of its surroundings!

Besides...

'Don't tell me...' A glint of worry finally shone in Bai Zemin's eyes as he looked at that purple flame... This was because he could feel the Endless Blue Lotus Flame in his soul stirring slightly.

"Heaven-Devouring Flame!" Fire Sorrow's disbelieving voice boomed in Bai Zemin's head.

"Heaven-Devouring Flame?" Bai Zemin asked in a low voice as he watched his enemy intently.

It seemed to be that none of the former great Kings of Earth was weak... But on second thought, Bai Zemin understood that it was only natural. Even King Kang left him in a miserable condition only using a skill, with no physical body, and with his soul practically completely worn out... It was to be expected that a King at the peak of the Fourth Order completely healthy would not be an easy enemy to defeat.

Fire Sorrow was in shock so she didn't seem to hear Bai Zemin's voice. She just stared at the purple flame as if she couldn't believe what she was seeing.

On the other hand, Lilith was really fast and efficient. Although her heartbeat was no less strong than Fire Sorrow's, she knew that it was neither time nor place to be amazed considering that the enemy was right in front of her beloved.

"Zemin, be careful with that flame." She warned. "If the Endless Blue Lotus Flame has the ability to burn endlessly to the confines of the universe without expending energy as long as it has a holder, then the Heaven-Devouring Flame has the ability to swallow up everything, even the heavens and hell to convert it into energy of its own."

Bai Zemin took a deep breath and nodded before saying while releasing the held breath, "Then... that flame really is one of the God-grade flames that existed since the eternity of the universe."

"That's right." Lilith's voice was particularly serious as she hurriedly said, "Zemin, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame with which you formed a Soul Contract is a flame primarily focused on wiping out large armies but is not particularly powerful when it comes to fighting a single powerful target. But the Heaven-Devouring Flame in that demon's possession is different; it's not very useful against numerous enemies but it's the terror of the stronger ones because every attack will be weakened by it."

" ... I see." Bai Zemin nodded and prepared to use Mankind's Pioneer on Soul Manipulation to reset the cooldown time to 0... even if it cost him his soul being damaged again.

It wasn't like he had any more options anyway...

Besides, he was interested in that Heaven-Devouring Flame...

Just when things seemed to be about to get completely out of control, a beautiful and extremely soft voice sounded from the center of the base in the distance.

"Although I know it is not polite to interfere when two or more soul evolvers are fighting, I would like to strongly request everyone present to refrain from fighting here to avoid harming innocents and provoking the destruction of structures."

From a distance, a group consisting of 3 angels and 5 extremely powerful humans riding Second Order winged horses approached speedily.

For most of those present, regardless of if it was zombie, mutant beast, demon, or human, this was the first time they see real angels. 

The two handsome male angels were practically ignored after an initial glance. Everyone's eyes, including Bai Zemin, immediately fell on the female angel flying in the center and at the head of the formation.

A head full of golden hair shining like the rays of the sun, golden eyes that shone like gold, an extremely ravishing body whose curves were not explosive but perfect for her height delicately covered by a silk dress with gold and silver embroidery, white skin devoid of imperfections, and a small black mole just below the left eye. 

Bai Zemin was used to seeing beauties. Not to mention Lilith whose transcendental beauty could not be put into words, he had even been in two worlds apart from Earth so he had also seen his fair share of human or human-like beauties with different eye colors that were not very natural in his home world. 

However, the woman in front of him still managed to leave him slightly dumbfounded for a brief second; that's how beautiful this angel with 3 sets of wings is.

In fact, Bai Zemin was sure that if it wasn't for the fact that he had known Lilith for a long time and sensed practically every corner of her body, the appearance of the female angel in front of him could not only have stunned him for a mere second. It was as if there was some kind of passive charm constantly working everywhere she moved.

Furthermore, 6 wings... The woman in front of him was not just a minor angel but was actually a great Seventh Order Archangel!

The beautiful woman stopped when she reached the center of the scene in the sky. Her expression was extremely gentle and so was her soft voice as she politely introduced herself, "It is my pleasure to be able to speak with all of you face to face... Please allow me to briefly introduce myself first. My name is Uriel, I'm the one who sent you that message-"

"I don't give a shit who the fuck you are!"

Everyone was in shock as a fury-filled roar thundered through the sky, cutting off Uriel's words and cursing her directly.

Even Bai Zemin stood in shock staring at Demon of the Corruption.

Demon of the Corruption looked at Bai Zemin with murderous intent for a moment before shifting his attention to Uriel. His eyes flashed with lust as he said in a gloomy voice, "You, woman... if you serve me tonight I will let this matter slide. Otherwise you can forget about this assembly or whatever it is you are talking about!"

After a brief moment of deathly silence, the five humans whose auras seemed to be no weaker than the strongest soul evolvers of the Transcendent faction drew their weapons with extremely furious expressions.

But the ones who had the most terrifying reaction were the angels.

The kind smiles were erased from their faces in an instant and they both unsheathed the silver swords at their waists.

"How dare you humble Lower Existence!" One of the angels took a step forward and raised his sword high, making the entire atmosphere rumble in fury.

Even if this angel was at the bottom of the hierarchy in the Army of Heaven; a Fifth Order soul evolver; a Higher Existence; was more than any living being on Earth could deal with!

"You dared to offend the Divine Archangel Uriel... You deserve death!"

Demon of the Corruption's face finally changed as he realized that the temperature had risen too high in his head. Now that he had offensively attacked the other party maybe the Soul Record wouldn't throw Soul Punishment on the angels if they were to kill him!

Bai Zemin couldn't help but curse the big retard.

If the angels kill Demon of Corruption here, wouldn't he end up being disadvantaged?!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3