Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"My my..." 

Even though Uriel was the focus of the arrogant Demon of the Corruption's ridicule, scorn, and even offense, as well as the insulted so she should be the angriest and maddest, her expression only showed a hint of surprise.

She even blinked rapidly a couple of times and her little mouth opened a tiny bit as if to show how surprised she was. However, she waved her hand to calm the two male angels beside her and let out an amused chuckle, "As expected... Earth's Lower Existences are really different from those of other planets. Really very interesting."

Although Uriel had waved her hand gently, Bai Zemin was not slow to notice that she had definitely used some kind of skill. This was evident by the fact that the two angels froze for a split second and by the time they regained control of themselves their auras had calmed down... The angel who was preparing to attack earlier even put his sword down slowly. It was as if all his earlier fury had been nothing more than a little joke to scare the other side.

Only someone with very sharp eyes and used to spending time with an extremely powerful Higher Existence with a very high Charm could notice the seemingly casual fast movement of Archangel Uriel.

Just as Demon of the Corruption sighed a breath of relief in his heart, his expression changed to a pure horror one. A flash of pristine white light covered his body, restricting his movements so severely that he couldn't even move his fingers half an inch.

Uriel's expression was still as gentle and sweet as ever, as if what had just happened hadn't bothered her in the slightest, "Little demon, even though at this moment I could kill you because of your offensive words from before I'll let you off with a minor punishment."

The gold-colored ring on Uriel's index finger glittered as she swung her hand up to down.

"Ugh!" The eyes of Demon of the Corruption opened wide and his pupils twitched to the smallest possible size as his body felt heavy like a mountain.

There was no struggle let alone resistance.

Everyone watched as Demon of the Corruption fell from the sky at speeds hundreds of times faster than when Bai Zemin slammed him with his golden great sword. His falling speed was so fast that the weakest among those present only caught a glimpse of a white ray raining down from the clouds.

BOOM!!!!!

...

The ground shook and the sky rumbled for a long time.

It was not until about a minute later that the bruised figure of Demon of the Corruption appeared buried deep in what seemed to be a crater over 1000 meters in diameter. Fissures spread everywhere, tearing apart all the nearby buildings.

Fortunately, they were all a couple of kilometers away from the base or else Uriel herself would have affected the lives of the survivors beyond the walls.

Seeing the bright purple flame slowly dancing around the body of Demon of the Corruption, Bai Zemin sighed in relief in his heart: 'Thank heavens that retarded bastard didn't die...'

Bai Zemin had been fighting hard and risking his life to fight stronger enemies all the time, slowly but surely evolving at the same time as his Soul Power maintained pure and powerful.

Wouldn't it be the worst mockery in history if he couldn't become stronger because someone killed his prey? The requirements set by the Soul Record were difficult not only because of the objective to be completed but also because no one knew what plans the universe and fate would put into play tomorrow!

When Bai Zemin raised his head from the ground and looked at the newly arrived group of angels and humans, he was surprised. This was because when he turned his attention away from Demon of the Corruption after making sure that he had only suffered minor injuries but a strong shock, his black eyes met the golden eyes of the female Archangel.

"I see... So you are that person..." Uriel nodded gently in the guise of a greeting as she said words that no one understood. 

"Excuse me?" Bai Zemin thought that Uriel was talking about the information God shared with her about him but at the same time, he felt that this was not entirely the reason behind her words.

"Although having one of the most powerful, as well as valuable treasures in history, is tempting, I am a little bit different from the rest of the Archangels and I don't like to abuse the younger ones to take their things." Uriel smiled mysteriously and said something that only Bai Zemin and the two Higher Existences with knowledge of the Heaven-Devouring Flame understood, "It will be up to you, little bad boy."

Little bad boy? Bai Zemin was speechless. 

He was eager to say, "Miss Angel, do we know each other? I'm sorry but I'm committed," but abstained after further consideration.

He did not want to be sent from the sky to the ground by Uriel after all. 

Bai Zemin felt that the less interaction he had with any Higher Existence other than Lilith or Fire Sorrow, the better it would be for his growth. He just need a little more time and opportunity, soon the day in which he wouldn't need to fear or be wary of Uriel or even God and the rest of the Leaders would come!

After Uriel's display of power, no one else dared to act arrogantly before the angels. 

Most of those present were seeing Higher Existences for the first time in their lives so naturally they did not know that the angels could not attack them openly and without thinking about the consequences. Therefore, they all obediently followed the three angels and the five humans mounted on flying horses to enter the Vatican base without making a fuss.

This was also Uriel's initial objective.

She had thought it would be difficult to make her voice be heard as everyone present had their own pride... but what she never expected was that someone would become the ape that would help her serve as a warning to the others.

"Cunning woman." Lilith couldn't help but whisper those words.

"Hehe... Little sister, I'll take that as a compliment from you." Uriel smiled without looking back.

Lilith blinked in surprise before smiling bitterly in her heart.

Obviously, Lilith ended up forgetting that Uriel would definitely be able to spot her unless she used the power of her second Firmament Fragment. 

As they flew towards the tallest building in the center of the base, Uriel said something that only three people understood. Namely; Lilith, Bai Zemin, and the one who was considered the most talented mage in the entire universe.

"Regardless of whether he is him or not, I hope with all my heart you can be happy ... In all this vast universe we live in, you may be the one who has suffered the most as well as the one who most deserves to be happy."

Bai Zemin might not know the whole history behind Fire Sorrow, and perhaps he never would... But, just imagining a decade away from the one who could have been the love of his life because of a single misstep was something he could not tolerate anymore. 

He could only try to imagine how much pain she had been experiencing in silence as she smiled gently at the other members of her faction. 

...

Not long after, the group slowly descended on a large stone path in the center of the city just outside what appeared to be a mosque. 

"How is this possible?" A Third Order human soul evolver opened his eyes wide and remarked in amazement, "Weren't all the structures of the past supposed to have collapsed when the world grew?"

Could it be that the Vatican had architects capable of building something so elaborate in such a short time? No, but such a thing was impossible because everyone could tell at a glance that the building in front of them was extremely ancient along with the long walkway that was over 100 meters wide.

"About that, I can explain it to you while we head inside." 

On the sides of the stone walkway, around two dozen soul evolvers stood. While they were all Second Order powerhouses, the aura of each and every one was comparable to that of someone above level 120 as proof of the purity of their Soul Power.

The person who spoke just now was a young man who appeared to be 17-18 years old with albino hair and silver eyes. 

Bai Zemin was slightly surprised and in his heart, he couldn't help but compare the aura of holiness surrounding the soul evolver whose smile was as gentle as the spring breeze with the aura of Saint of the Absolute Felix.

"My name is Israfel, the person who leads the Holy Church with the intention of seeking salvation in the arms of our Lord." Israfel introduced himself and even lowered his head slightly in greeting.

Although there were several among those present who wanted to mock his speech, Israfel's voice and attitude were so humble that they all swallowed his words. That... and there was also the fact that they did not want to be stupidly killed for talking big.

In Rome do as Romans do.

Even a dragon could fall after attacking a snake cave after all.

Next to Israfel were two other people; a female and a male.

The male was definitely stronger than the female as even a handful of soul evolvers present who had become Fourth Order powerhouses thanks to their requirements being relatively simpler to fulfill compared to those with longer and harder paths to walk felt danger. However, Bai Zemin could not help but stare a little longer at the girl.

This was not because she was a top-notch beauty but because Shangguan Bing Xue had whispered to him that she could sense an extremely pure aura coming from her body.

Although Shangguan Bing Xue was a succubus, she was a different kind of succubus from the norm as her Charm was more on the proud and arrogant side. Unlike Lilith's Charm which provoked flames of lust in the hearts of men, Shangguan Bing Xue's Charm was mainly sacredness that made others feel beneath just by looking at her.

Therefore, it was not strange that she could feel something that most might not notice.

Soon, the group of over 100 walked into the large mosque under Israfel's guidance. 

As for the angels... No one knew when they had disappeared; even Archangel Uriel had gone somewhere.

"To answer the doubts that most of you have, this is a building that was raised many, many years ago. I will not say the exact time since to be honest with all of you even I am not completely sure, but we could say that this mosque is almost as old as the world itself." Israfel pointed out gently.

Bai Zemin could not help but look at the Catholic Church Leader's back with weird eyes. 

Was this person really not afraid of others attacking him from behind? Not everyone present feared the angels watching from the shadows since they knew their restrictions; including him!

Israfel continued casually, "While it is true that 99.9% of the buildings around the world collapsed because of the earthquakes that occurred when our Earth expanded, there are still some ancient buildings that are still upright even now. Some might be older than others, left behind by different generations, but they are all protected by high-level magic so that only the attack of an extremely powerful soul evolver could damage."

The group continued to move down a long hallway for several minutes as Israfel answered questions from some of those present.

"So, doesn't that mean that this mosque and those buildings you speak of are stuffed with hidden treasures left behind by previous generations?" A zombie with dull blond hair and blood-red eyes frowned as he realized a big problem.

"Oh, you're right." Israfel stopped in front of a huge door over 4 meters tall that not only looked extremely heavy but also seemed particularly expensive as it was covered in all sorts of gold artwork engravings.

The two soul evolvers with silver armor and golden spears on the sides of the door stepped aside upon seeing the group's arrival. At the same time, the two pushed hard, and gradually, the door began to open to both sides and to the rear.

"That's why other factions managed to establish themselves faster than they normally should." Israfel looked over his shoulder and nodded towards Bai Zemin when he said this. 

At the stares of the others, Bai Zemin ignored them completely. However, his impression of this High Pontiff was no longer particularly good as he realized that the other party was looking at him with some hostility... had it not been for the fact that Bai Zemin's race had evolved into High Human he might not have noticed it from how well hidden it was.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

After a moment's thought, Bai Zemin understood and could not help but feel contempt in his heart.

It seems that the mighty Heaven God is really scared of his future growth after all.

"Let's in, the rest are waiting for us to start."

When the doors opened, Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue's expressions changed tremendously and they subconsciously began to circulate the mana in their bodies.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3