Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The interior beyond the four meter high double door with gold engravings was simply overly large... The room was so large that even if the furniture were five times as big and the humans were five meters tall it still wouldn't look too crowded.

On either side of the spacious room, two rows of floor-to-ceiling windows rose gracefully as their multi-colored panes of glass allowed the rays of light from outside to illuminate the room just enough to keep the darkness out of the corners but not so much as to blind people.

The floor was covered with large pure white tiles that strangely enough did not have even a speck of dust on their surface; it was as if dirt was not allowed there.

In the center of the room was a very large table capable of seating more than 500 people easily as well as a good number of chairs. The table seemed to be made of some kind of special wood as it only took a glance to deduce with certainty that this was an extremely old piece with easily more than 1000 years since its construction. On the other hand, the chairs were made of the same wood as the table and also had strange patterns on the top of the backrest that added to the charm of the scene.

Had it not been for those inside the room, Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue might have relaxed a bit when they saw such a wonderful scene worthy of being described as holy and palatial.

Even Wu Yijun tensed noticeably as she realized that the man she wanted to spend the rest of her life with and her best friend had practically entered combat mode.

The same applied to Saint of the Absolute Felix who, although more relaxed than the other three, still paid particular attention to the interior of the room.

"Everyone, please come forward and take a seat." Israfel was still playing the role of guide and led everyone inside.

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue exchanged glances before following the Supreme Pontiff. 

Once everyone was seated, Bai Zemin exchanged a brief nod with Angelo. It seemed that the Leader of the United States had also been invited to this meeting by the angels and had clearly arrived before the group of Bai Zemin and the others.

In fact, besides Angelo, there was also Eleanora... but she was sitting with her eyes closed completely ignoring everyone even though her level was probably the lowest among those present.

Leaving aside the group of about 100 of whom Bai Zemin was part when arrived, inside the room there were already about 40 to 50 other people of which 90-95% of them were all soul evolvers from Earth.

In fact, except for Lucifer who was nowhere to be seen and the Phoenix Goddess who did not seem particularly interested in Earth, all the Leaders of Higher Existences were present.

Bai Zemin could feel the Dragon God's cold eyes on him but temporarily ignored it. This was because he had other more important matters.

"Before you say anything to me, I'm only here because I got invited." Lethar, Leader of the Heavenly Moon Army, pointed before Bai Zemin said anything. He pointed to his heart and said in a serious voice, "Our Contract is still in effect you know? I have no intention of meddling in the things of this planet, I'm just a watcher."

Earth was an irregular world from every possible point of view. 

As a Leader, Lethar could not afford not to be attentive to the latest news from such a peculiar world. This was because even if the existence of the monster called Bai Zemin was put aside, there were still many secrets and mysteries as well as extremely terrifying soul evolvers growing rapidly... The ever arrogant Higher Existences feared in some distant and deep corner of their hearts; they feared that from these Lower Existences inhabitants of this peculiar world some would quietly rise up and in the future become a big problem for any of them.

Bai Zemin said nothing after hearing the Eighth Order werewolf's explanation. He looked at the Dragon God who had not stopped looking at him and sneered, "Instead of staring me with eyes of love why don't you try to do anything else? While I have nothing against homosexuality, this daddy here is into beautiful women so I recommend you turn over a new leaf and find a new target to drill you later."

Silence.

The room fell into twilight silence before a choked chuckle.

Wu Yijun quickly covered her mouth but it was too late to be sorry.

"How dare you...!" Long Tian's whole body trembled and his face turned red not from embarrassment but from anger!

If not for the threat of the Soul Record, Bai Zemin knew that he would be dead by now. In fact, the difference in power between the two parties was so immense that Long Tian could probably kill him with his gaze. However, if the other party believed that he could abuse his higher power just because he had lived millions of years then he was extremely mistaken.

"Stop barking. Are you sure you're a dragon? Could it be that before you became a Higher Existence you were secretly a dog? Let me tell you, I have nothing against dogs, I even picked up a wounded one from the streets when I was younger and now it's my mount. Although I don't think Little Snow will accept you as a friend I can introduce her to you later if it is your wish since you are so lonely." Bai Zemin began to spit all over the place without fear of the consequences.

Since they were already enemies then he would make sure the other party would suffer internal bleeding because of anger! 

Forget about Wu Yijun whose shoulders were already shaking repeatedly as she hid her face from the others, even Shangguan Bing Xue smiled despite the large number of unknown people in the room.

Bai Zemin was extremely cunning.

Unlike Demon of the Corruption, Bai Zemin used the small loopholes of the Soul Record in the same way Lilith had shown him all this time so he made sure to say hurtful words that might or might not be taken as an offense depending on the point of view one looked at it from.

Being a homosexual is bad? Being a dog is bad? It definitely depends on the point of view!

The other Higher Existence Leaders simply remained silent and watched as if they were seeing a good game from the sidelines.

As far as they were concerned, if Long Tian lost his sanity and attacked Bai Zemin it would be good since one less Leader meant less competition and less danger after the little monster's death. 

As for the others, only Angelo and Eleanora among all those present understood what was going on since only they were aware of the animosity between Bai Zemin and the Dragon God.

Long Tian took several deep breaths to barely calm down. 

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Suddenly, the Dragon God smiled and asked in a mysterious tone of voice: "You are brave only because I can't do anything to you thanks to the protection the Soul Record gives you, Lower Existences, right?"

"And you are very brave because you are an old dragon of several million years of time to grow so you naturally think you are better. But, if you give me another five years I will bury your head in the ground, do you believe me?" Bai Zemin replied without missing a beat.

"Five years? I like your confidence." Long Tian chuckled and shook his head.

Then, the Dragon God said something that made Bai Zemin's blood freeze.

"Although I certainly can't hurt you... I think the Soul Record won't mind with me if I kill the little Sixth Order demon hiding behind you... what do you think?"

Long Tian had already noticed Lilith for a while, and was actually planning to secretly kill her later. However, Bai Zemin's sneers made him bring his thoughts out into the open.

Little did Bai Zemin and Lilith know that the former's words would save the latter from a major hidden danger.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3