Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin's expression changed and a fierce gaze flashed in his eyes making the atmosphere inside the spacious hall change drastically.

Faintly, the silhouette of a red wolf began to take shape behind Bai Zemin as he asked in an extremely ominous voice, "You dare?"

Forget about all the Third Order soul evolvers and the few Fourth Order soul evolvers that had come from other parts of the world, even powerful beings like Israfel, Saint of the Absolute Felix, and Demon of Corruption suffered drastic changes on their faces as they sensed the murderous intent as dense and deep as the blue ocean.

"You're asking me if I dare?" The Dragon God Realm Leader laughed as if he had just heard the funniest joke in the world. "Is there anything I should be afraid of that I wouldn't dare? Even if Lucifer wants to find me trouble later he probably won't because there is no use in breaking the neutrality between us because of a dead Sixth Order demon!"

Saying these words, even Long Tian himself suddenly felt more confident and a flash of killing intent crossed his eyes at lightning speed before it faded away.

However, the next words Bai Zemin said not only made the Dragon God feel as if his heart stopped for an instant but everyone else in the room felt the same way.

At the same time as the Mana in Bai Zemin's body began to flow outward like an unparalleled torrent and his body became surrounded by a faint halo of golden light, the atmosphere outside the room changed. The floor began to shake harder and harder and the light inside the room began to tinge blue as if the sun was dyed a different color.

"Indeed, it is as you say." Bai Zemin's voice was sinisterly low and his previously completely black eyes showed signs of changing to blood red: "Lucifer may not cause you trouble later... But what about me? If you dare to touch even a single hair on her I will make sure that in less than 5 years there will be no more Dragon God Realm, all of you will disappear completely!"

In normal times, Long Tian would definitely have scoffed at such wild words.

In fact, even Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun would have had a hard time believing such a thing not to mention the Higher Existences in the room.

Wipe out in less than 5 years millions of Higher Existences? Erase from existence all traces of a faction of extremely powerful beings that had existed for millions of years in half a decade? Probably even the union of all the factions of Higher Existences uniting against one would not be able to succeed in such madness.

But, as they sensed the power of the huge fire spear hovering in the sky matters were no longer the same.

This was the first time Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun witnessed the evolved version of Crimson Blood Judgment in play, and although the attack had not fallen the two felt their blood run cold just thinking about it.

"I know this attack can't kill the current you.... But do you think you will be able to take it in the future?" the more he spoke, the redder Bai Zemin's eyes grew.

In fact, he didn't notice but several messages began to flash in his retina at the same time as his aura kept going up and up.

"You may survive, but what do you think will happen to all those worlds you control and your little minions? Great Dragon God, I think you know what happened in Oblon World don't you? Back then I was only level 50 and this skill of mine was a lesser version of its current Order... Touch a hair on her head.... And I wouldn't mind paying a visit to every one of your fucking worlds to drop one of these as a gift!" Bai Zemin shouted and slammed the table at the end.

Sitting in the seat at the head, the pupils of the Bible God contracted slightly when he saw the small, almost imperceptible dent in the surface of the table just where Bai Zemin's fist had just hit.

This table was an object that was created by an extremely talented craftsman who was currently part of the Army of Heaven; it was built during the time when Sirius the Heavenly Wolf was still alive...

Even Uriel felt her heart start to tremble like crazy... This was because she knew that on the bottom of the table was an Immemorial level rune meaning that only attacks from a Higher Existence of Fifth Order could damage it!

How could this be possible....VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The other party's level had definitely not risen at all and although his aura had increased it was still not as impressive as that of a Higher Existence!

Bringing with her a swift and light breeze with the scent of fresh roses, Lilith appeared behind Bai Zemin. Her pretty face was pale, and ignoring everyone's expressions she hugged him gently and with extreme affection from behind.

She stretched her slender arms over his shoulders, passed around his neck and weakly crossed them so that her small hands rested crosswise on his chest as she whispered in his ear: "Zemin, calm down first please... My love, please listen to me, yes?"

Actually, Bai Zemin was both furious and scared just now.... No, that's not true.

This might be the first time he was more scared than angry when someone was threatening a person important to him.

At times, he felt as if his sanity was disappearing but for other brief moments he felt that his rationality was returning completely... It was an extremely peculiar and mysterious feeling.

He had never felt the same or even remotely similar.

It was then when he heard Lilith's voice.

Although the tone of her voice was low and without waves, Bai Zemin who had gone through practically all kinds of moments ranging from happiness and sadness, from small arguments to extremely intimate times, could tell that she was incredibly scared and worried.

Why was she scared? Why was she so worried that her heart was pounding so hard? Was it because of the Dragon God's threat? Bai Zemin felt the fury in his heart suddenly begin to boil more and more as his thoughts became more and more sinister and dark.

At that moment when it seemed that his rationality was going to disappear without a trace as if a black hole devoured it, the power of his Immovable Heart skill suddenly increased and sent a peculiar cold current coursing through every corner of his body and soul.

Bai Zemin did not know since he had not yet checked his records as he did every night, but he would later realize that he had just inadvertently completed another requirement to evolve Immovable Heart to the next stage.

As that cold but extremely pleasant cold current entered hit every part of his existence, Bai Zemin began to regain his calm as he listened to the sweet words Lilith whispered lovingly in his ear.

Perhaps realizing that it was working even though she had no hope in her heart, Lilith didn't dare to stop even for an instant and continued talking to him and asking him to calm down saying she was okay.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3