Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing how those red eyes worse than those of a demon turned black as night, Lethar of the Heavenly Moon Army, Salazar of the Evolution Army, and Nikolay of Immortal Blood Lust slowly released the breath they had been holding back without realizing it.

The three looked at each other and noticed the shock in the eyes of the others.

What they had just felt was extremely strange. Not even they themselves understood it, much less would they be able to put that feeling into words.

The other party's level was still 100, Second Order. Besides, even though the young man's aura had been soaring he still wasn't even close to being a threat to existences like them... However, oddly enough, the three of them sensed danger.

This kind of danger they sensed was very strange because they knew it was fake but at the same time it seemed extremely real and the more they looked into those blood-red eyes the more they felt it would be good to leave the place.

If this was the case even for the Leaders of Higher Existences then one could only try to imagine what the situation was for the other soul evolvers inside the room.

The weaker ones had directly fainted, and only those above level 170 or those whose Soul Power was extremely pure managed to remain conscious with expressions of shock and even horror on some of them.

Under normal circumstances, Lilith would certainly have stolen the spotlight with her appearance and beauty but currently everyone was staring at Bai Zemin as if they were frozen in ice!

"Ugh...." Bai Zemin suddenly felt a severe headache, as if he had been hit with a 500-kilogram hammer directly on the back of his head. He also felt extremely tired, as if he could sleep for several days if he could.

Had it not been for Lilith's arms embracing him he would definitely have collapsed on the table.

​ Bai Zemin couldn't remember what had just happened.

He knew it had to be something very important from the way the others were looking at him but his mind was blank and the last thing in his memories seemed to be the threat of the Dragon God and him activating several skills at the same time such as Overlap Regeneration, Blood Manipulation, Crimson Flame, Blazing Punishment of Divine Blood, and more.

Lilith let out a deep sigh of relief as she realized that she had prevented the worst. Although she had not fought at all, she felt so mentally exhausted that for the first time in a long time she wished to lie down on a fluffy bed and take a good nap.

Silence only lasted 2 seconds at most because Fire Sorrow with a slightly pale face appeared right next to Lilith, surprising everyone.

She had been using all her magical power in her Invisibility skill as well as her Blurry Existence skill so, except for Uriel who had sensed her before, no one else in the room knew she was there. Although the Leaders of the Eighth Order could sense her if they focused on it, no one did and therefore she went unnoticed until the moment of her appearance.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Dragon God Long Tian, Lilith is not a normal member of my Demonic Army, she is one of the Commanders that His Majesty Lucifer most appreciates and holds in high esteem due to her talent and power. If you don't want to antagonize your Dragon God Realm with my Demonic Army then I kindly recommend you take back your words." Fire Sorrow's voice was ice cold, which was very, very rare of her as in the last million years she had rarely lost her temper over anything.

Her light violet eyes glittered as she said with confidence and a hint of murderous intent, "Lilith alone might not be able to contain you until His Majesty Lucifer gets here, but what if you count me in?"

Long Tian frowned upon hearing Fire Sorrow's words.

Forget about fighting Liltih and Fire Sorrow at the same time, Long Tian knew that while he could beat Fire Sorrow in a 1 vs 1 battle he certainly wouldn't be able to do it without at least a few days of effort and paying a certain price; she was that strong after all!

Besides, Long Tian no longer felt like playing after seeing the power of that fire spear in the sky and sensing the aura change in the other party. Now that Fire Sorrow had stepped forward to give him a way out, he would gladly take it.

"Forget it, there's no point in antagonizing each other just because of an ignorant brat who has no idea about life." He waved his hand dismissively.

Actually, Long Tian is very smart, or else he wouldn't have reached his current position with strength and talent alone.

Unfortunately, after countless years without anyone to challenge him, his arrogance had risen so high that his temper easily exploded whenever anyone or anything challenged his dominance, and thus, he ended up becoming an extremely terrifying being with barely basic intelligence.

Now that he had calmed down enough and recovered his temper, Long Tian suddenly remembered that there was no need to bother with that pesky Lower Existence. Soon, that annoying thorn would probably break anyway.

Bai Zemin was so exhausted in every possible aspect that he was in no mood to continue with the previous matter, so after seeing that the other party really had no intention of hurting Lilith he finally calmed down and weakly slumped on the back of his chair with narrowed eyes.

He calmed Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue who looked worried before nodding towards Angelo, Eleanora, and Saint of the Absolute Felix. Although he did not say anything to Lilith, Bai Zemin gently held her hand and squeezed it tenderly as if to tell her that it was okay now.

After almost a minute of silence, Uriel stood up with her warm smile that brightened the room immediately and softly clapped her hands once.

"I think we are all busy people here, so how about we get this meeting started as soon as possible? Regardless of what you decide to do after hearing what I have to say next, you can rest for a day or two here at the Vatican to replenish your energy before returning home."

"I would like to get this over with as quickly as possible. I only came here because it might be an opportunity to get stronger, but in case it isn't I need to get back to protecting my people as soon as possible." A human man who seemed to be from somewhere in South America spoke in Spanish but strangely everyone understood his words.

No one commented on this little fact and simply attributed it to angel magic.

"In that case, I think you will feel satisfied after hearing what I have to say. I guarantee none of you will feel that coming here was a waste of time, trust me." Uriel smiled gently, causing the men's hearts to tremble with strength. She looked at God first before looking at Fire Sorrow, then, she said in a slightly more serious tone of voice, "Actually, this world, Earth, is a very peculiar world that differs greatly from all the other worlds in the universe. Leaving aside the mystery and the reason why Earth was hidden for so many ages, its speed of growth as well as the speed with which you all evolve is undoubtedly unparalleled on the current worlds or on any other world that has ever existed."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3