Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Wu Yujin could not help but look at the middle-aged man who had just pronounced those words with a hint of sympathy. It wasn't just her; practically every survivor present knew that Bai Zemin was by no means a saint.

Bai Zemin looked at the phlegm on the ground for a second before looking the bald man straight in the eye.

"How honorable of you."

He didn't even hesitate and with a 'bang' the head of the militant exploded. Pieces of broken skull along with chunks of flesh and blood flew across the ground, causing the timid survivors to let out groans of terror as they looked at the scene from the buses and from inside the convenience stores.

Chen He could not help but frown. Even now he could not completely agree with Bai Zemin's methods as he had a strong sense of justice from the way he was raised since childhood. However, although he was relatively fair, he was neither pedantic nor stupid. Since before the apocalypse he already knew that society was rotten.

There were even cases in which he knew about politicians, policemen, or military officers who, as long as it did not cross a certain threshold, were willing to carry out certain assignments or orders that went against the established rules.

Seeing the militant's death, the rest of the gang was shocked and could not help but look at the young man in front of them in a new light. Although he was only in his early twenties, he hadn't even blinked when he pulled the trigger!

Bai Zemin pointed the gun at another militant and asked coldly, "Who are you? Why did you point at us? Where do you come from?"

"I will speak! I'll fucking speak! Don't shoot me!"

Bai Zemin's target this time turned out to be Luo Cheng, who had been monitoring the group from a distance with binoculars.

Luo Cheng was already sweating cold bullets seeing the deaths of the other militants so when he felt the gunmetal right above his head he didn't even hesitate and agreed to speak all he knew. He was not a heroic warrior by any means and feared death.

The burly man who had been monitoring the group from a distance next to Luo Cheng suddenly shouted loudly, "Luo Cheng! None of the bosses have treated you badly but you are going to betray them?! Aren't you afraid that they will throw your younger sister to the soldiers to have fun with her?!"

Bai Zemin didn't even let him continue saying another word before he changed his aim to the head of that burly man and pulled the trigger.

Seeing the death of the burly man who had stood up, the other gang members did not dare to utter the slightest sound for fear of being next and having their heads blown off by a bullet.

"If any of you want to continue to be loyal and honorable to your good bosses, then come out now. I will give you all the opportunity to continue to be loyal until the last moment and die a death worthy of a brave warrior."

None of them dared to stand up or highlight and quickly lowered their heads like timid chickens. There was not even one of them who wanted to be the next target of the Type 54 pistol.

Bai Zemin ignored them and pulled Luo Cheng away from the group before putting the barrel of the gun back on Luo Cheng's head, "Now you can start to speak. If you dare to lie to me, if you dare to hide information, if you dare to give even one wrong name, I will bang your brains out. I have eight others like you here and I don't think all eight of you are willing to die for honor."

Luo Cheng nodded quickly as he sweated and began to spill the beans one after another without stopping. Although he was worried about his younger sister's future, he had to survive to protect her first or else nothing would make sense; now that his life was in someone else's hands, he had to adapt to the rules of the other person's game. That was the way the world worked now.

...

Luo Cheng and the rest were part of a gang called Four Big Bosses Camp. At the beginning of the apocalypse, there were too many zombies and chaos had broken out everywhere when people's pets suddenly turned on their owners and started slaughtering them all.

Zombies did not fear bullets and did not know the meaning of pain while many evolved animals were even more terrifying as many were impervious to bullets, ferocious beyond belief, and aggressive in nature. Compared to zombies and evolved beasts, normal humans were simply too weak.

At that time, four people suddenly appeared southeast of Ruilin City about fifty kilometers from here. These four people were part of a gang in the past but somehow acquired powerful skills and also had some firearms with them, thus saving the lives of many people.

These four people were; Ye Qigang, Lei Su, Du Meng, and the currently out of action Yang Pei.

At first, the four acted somewhat restrained and although they abused their powers also protected the weak. They cleared a small village of zombies and killed several evolved animals, creating a relatively safe area for the currently over seven hundred people to get some rest.

However, when no police or government support showed up after almost a week, things began to change. The four bosses began to feel the pressure due to the lack of food and in a fit of anger began to abuse several women no matter how much they screamed or cried. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The four bosses gathered several men willing to do anything to get some food in their stomachs and raided the local police station, obtaining a small supply of weapons. After arming approximately fifty men, they began to clear the surrounding area, killing zombies and obtaining some supplies in the process.

With the firearms and supplies under their control, the other survivors could only obey no matter how cruel the four bosses' orders were. Currently, the village was living under total oppression and there was no hope at all in that place.

According to Luo Cheng, the target they were aiming at this time was these four convenience stores and they only came across them by accident. The reason they raided them was not only to steal the supplies but also because there were many young and beautiful women, which could become a great merit if they presented them to the bosses. Yang Pei himself drooled over them.

"So, you're telling me that for four small convenience stores, one of these four bosses personally moved in?" Bai Zemin shook his head and laughed coldly.

"It's the truth! I swear! I don't know anything else!" Luo Cheng was scared and cried out in terror as his body shook nonstop.

Bai Zemin looked at him indifferently before saying in a deep voice, "Zhong De, Fu Xuefeng. Take two of these guys away and see if you can get some information."

If what Luo Cheng was completely true it would soon come out and in case anything didn't match, any of the three who lied would be executed immediately.