Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

When Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, and the Saint of the Absolute heard the first words Uriel said, the three expressed surprise and secretly exchanged glances.

At first, they believed that this meeting would be to divide territories and form alliances among the stronger ones while the weaker ones could only submit to continue to exist. Although it sounded cruel, after a little less than two years there was no living being on Earth who was not accustomed to or did not know the cruelty of the new world in which they had to live.

However, it seemed that things were not as simple as they had initially thought. 

"For you guys, leveling up between 100 and just over 200 levels in less than 24 months might be normal. However, let me tell you with complete certainty that such a thing is far from normal." Uriel said in a serious voice before explaining, "I have seen and been to thousands of worlds to this day so I know what I am talking about. Usually, a soul evolver above level 100 could take even a whole year to level up a single level while those above level 200 could take sometimes up to five years in the worst case scenario."

"One or five years to go up a single level?" A level 202 zombie from Africa expressed his disbelief. He exchanged glances with the others regardless of race and pointed out with a hint of mockery in his voice, "Earth, this damn world, is already the way it is in less than two years since that thing called the Soul Record visited us. Can you imagine taking 1 year to level up? Hahaha!"

"Forget about 1 year to level up, if we take 6 months without making progress in our strength we'll definitely end up being someone else's fertilizer." A beautiful female with green skin and bright red hair let out an extremely pleasant chuckle as she added such words.

"In short, all other worlds are trash and their inhabitants even trashier than the world, is that right?" Eleanora shrugged as if it was none of her business.

"It's not that the other worlds or their inhabitants are trash, it's that Earth is too irregular. Just like you." Uriel smiled gently toward Eleanora before continuing to explain, "As some of you already well know or suspect, Earth was once the birthplace for many soul evolvers. In other words, you are the First Generation of this new age but you are not the first to receive a visit from the Soul Record on this world."

Except for a few weaker ones, most were not too surprised after hearing what Uriel said. This was because the vast majority of them had had their own run-ins and experiences to get to the high level they were currently at so it was to be expected that they knew a little more compared to normal soul evolvers.

Uriel continued, "Although for a variety of reasons unknown even to us all soul evolvers of past eras disappeared from existence, this does not mean that they left nothing behind."

Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Wu Yijun, Angelo, Eleanora, and a very small number of people paid particular attention to the last words of the powerful and beautiful Archangel. After all, they had had their own encounters with ruins or treasures left by generations of ancient times.

"Wait a moment." Fire Sorrow couldn't help but interject. She frowned and asked softly, "Uriel, why are you talking about these things here? A decision this important cannot be made solely by you or anyone else in this room unless-"

"Unless the Leader of the Demonic Army, Lucifer, also agrees?" Uriel cut her off calmly and said without missing a beat, "Is this what you meant?"

Fire Sorrow was still frowning as she nodded, "At the end of the day, he owns some of those things too."

"About that." God, Medes, pointed out, "You don't need to worry because Lucifer accepted it."

Saying that, Medes threw a black token like a black hole toward Fire Sorrow.

"Now only you are the only one missing." Uriel smiled in such a way that her eyes curved into a crescent shape, "Don't be stubborn by tying yourself to the past... It's time to move on, and I think you should fight for the future you could have if you do things right in the present... Besides, it's not like those things do us any good anyway, is it?"

Seeing Lucifer's exclusive token, Fire Sorrow's expression became complicated and changed repeatedly before sighing.

Uriel's words made sense after all...

"Since it's like that then forget it... " She shook her head and said no more.

Uriel smiled a genuinely happy smile before continuing: "As I was saying, these soul evolvers left things behind either because these objects were no longer useful to them, because they had no other choice, or simply because they forgot them over the years. Now, one of the reasons why we invite you all here is precisely because we will share with you information about these treasures so that you can recover them. Of course, it will depend on the strength and destiny of each one to obtain an ancient treasure or not since, as you well know, rewards and dangers come hand in hand."

Uriel's words made everyone's eyes sparkle; even Angelo and the rest couldn't help but get secretly excited. 

How could they not be moved? Angelo had managed to establish his faction very quickly and advance by leaps and bounds thanks to the ruins found underground; the same could be said for many of those present.

Even if they had not found ruins with as many high-class treasures as the American faction, some found swords, armor, necklaces, boots, futuristic-looking weapons, powerful skill scrolls, and other things left behind by some soul evolver from hundreds of thousands or even millions of years ago. 

Although Bai Zemin was naturally excited, he still felt that it all smelled a bit like rotten fish.

He was already practically an enemy of the Army of Heaven so why would Uriel invite him to participate in this meeting and give him information about treasures that could empower him? Bai Zemin would not believe that angels were kind beings who would put aside their own well-being for the sake of others even if they beat him to death.

Indeed, Uriel's next words made it clear that there was a bit of a catch to all this.

"The downside is that these treasures are in dangerous locations, so even though you are strong it is still possible that a portion of those present will likely lose their lives in the process." Uriel continued smiling matter-of-factly and said calmly, "But I guess this is something I don't need to mention. There is no such thing as burger rain in this world, everyone has to work hard for their own food and survival."

"To finish it all, let me point out one thing." The God of the Bible, Medes, reminded in a serious voice: "Except for Hero City that is hidden in the East Sea, the other treasure that is here on Earth is in what you know as the Mariana Trench. The rest is in small space realms that we will open later."

Hero City? Bai Zemin's expression changed and without hesitation he slammed the table again.

"Wait a moment! That Hero City you speak of belongs to me!"

Actually, Bai Zemin knew from Lilith that the object hidden by Xian Mei'er's family was a big, ancient city. Even the energy beam that Thao Zhi used back then when he almost killed Bai Zemin and which inflicted serious injuries to Kong Jun was one of Hero City's cannons.

That treasure already belonged to him but they wanted to put it on the table for others to take? Bai Zemin would not agree even if others asked him not to mention that no one asked him!

However, what Bai Zemin didn't expect was that just at that moment a handsome man with a sky blue scale on his forehead would stand up.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"You say Hero City is yours? That's quite strange because my family has been taking care of the ancestors' treasure for countless generations, even before the Soul Record came to Earth." The young man smiled slightly towards Long Tian before looking at Bai Zemin with confidence, "I am the first prince of the East Sea Kingdom, Xian Luo. As one of the possible successors to the throne I should have heard something as important as Hero City's ownership transfer, don't you think? but I never heard of such a thing not to mention that Hero City belongs to no one!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3