Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Xian Luo? First Prince? Royal Family of the East Sea? 

The expressions on the faces of Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun changed upon hearing the identity of the other party. This had nothing to do with fearing the power behind Xian Luo let alone Xian Luo himself... This was simply because Xian was a familiar surname to both of them and the East Sea Royal Family was supposed to be their ally!

Shangguan Bing Xue frowned as she realized that things could be troublesome. 

"... Princess Xian Mei'er betrayed us? It shouldn't be..." Wu Yijun shook her head quickly refusing to believe such a thing.

Forget Wu Yijun who didn't have many exchanges with Xian Mei'er; Bai Zemin definitely didn't believe that the Seventh Princess had betrayed them. 

They had fought shoulder to shoulder on several occasions, Xian Mei'er even risked her life and fought against her own blood. Although she was doing so because it also happened to suit her since Bai Zemin's goals aligned with her final objective, one could not deny that the alliance between the two parties could be considered to be extremely solid.

Bai Zemin immediately began to have a severe headache. He had been too busy with everything that was going on; since Earth evolved to the Third Stage he had not even had time to rest properly so naturally he did not have time to go deep under the sea to culminate the matter of the sea race.

How could he go to worry about things under the sea when the world on land that mattered most to him was threatening to collapse? Besides, Bai Zemin thought for sure that the matter regarding Xian Mei'er's problems was closed.

But now it seemed that things were not as good as he thought.

Just at that moment, Lilith whispered something to him using magic.

Uriel, Medes, Long Tian, Lethar, Salazar, Nikolay, and the other Superior Existences in the hall above the Sixth Order naturally noticed the flow of magic and mana enveloping Lilith and Bai Zemin. Unfortunately, although they knew that they were exchanging secrets, neither could do anything to prevent it nor could they do anything to eavesdrop since the other party would stop immediately.

When Bai Zemin heard what Lilith said he couldn't help but smile sinisterly in his heart but on the surface, his expression didn't change at all.

"Since that's the case then forget it." Bai Zemin leaned back and shrugged his shoulders, surprising everyone.

Just a moment before he was so angry that he looked like he was about to explode again but in less than 5 seconds he became as calm as a bunny? 

This kind of change, forget Medes and the others who frowned but even the dumbest among those present knew that whatever that sexy black-haired succubus said to him had calmed him down the same way she had calmed him down earlier when he almost went berserk.

"This dude..." Eleanora didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

Bai Zemin looked like a lunatic and Lilith his medicine to keep him in line.

...

The meeting continued for more than 2 hours in total.

After discussing various matters regarding the treasures and their locations, everyone decided by vote to first target Hero City which was hidden somewhere in the East Sea.

"We will be leaving in two days so you can take advantage of that time to rest. For reasons I think you will all understand, I would like to ask you not to move around recklessly. The maids on site will take care of providing you with all the needs you may need to cover such as food, drinks... and even sex if necessary." Israfel smiled as he led everyone out of the room, leaving only the Higher Existences inside, including Fire Sorrow, so only Lilith followed Bai Zemin without caring about anything else.

"Due to time constraints, some people will join us at the time of the expedition... but the more the merrier. I hope we can work together to overcome any obstacles in Hero City when the time comes."

Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Wu Yijun, Angelo, Eleanora, and Saint of the Absolute Felix were led by a female maiden but they all entered the same room to plan what to do next.

The six brought up all sorts of strategies and ideas, but although it was difficult to come to an agreement as to what was the best course to take they all agreed on one thing.

"We definitely can't trust the others no matter what." Wu Yijun said with concern, "Although that Israfel person smiles warmly he always gives me the feeling that he is extremely dangerous."

"Indeed." Shangguan Bing Xue was also confused by this matter.

Israfel even made her feel faintly dangerous even though he was clearly only a soul evolver who had just stepped into the Fourth Order. She could even fight those soul evolvers above level 300 with her current strength not to mention one who had just entered level 200 recently!

"Our main enemy is still Shun." Felix frowned as if he didn't want to say that name.

"Shun? That's the demon's name?" Bai Zemin asked coldly.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"That's right." Saint of the Absolute nodded with a serious expression on his face, "Shun is an enemy that has killed tens of millions of lives, among them no shortage of innocents. Besides being extremely bloodthirsty, he is also lustful by nature as you saw before and will not hesitate to do whatever it takes to achieve his goal. He is cruel enough to smile in the face of the death of his most loyal subordinates... I have tried to kill him repeatedly, we have fought hundreds of times, but I have not been able to gain the slightest advantage."

How strong Saint of the Absolute was, Bai Zemin knew. 

Although the other party had a weaker physical body compared to his own, Felix's Agility was so massively high that fighting off his attacks would be a challenge on its own. Even so, he could do nothing but get a draw against Demon of Corruption Shun.

"Saint of the Absolute Felix, tell me what you know about that demon please." Bai Zemin's eyes flashed with a chill as he slowly said, "Maybe we can bury him forever in Hero City if we can trap him."

If it was before, he might not be so confident... But after Lilith's reminder, Bai Zemin was confident of taking down Demon of Corruption in Hero City if the opportunity presented itself.

Exactly two days later, the group of more than 150 soul evolvers left the Vatican directly for the Asian continent.

This time, the guide was a Fifth Order angel named Sonnet. 

"I want everyone to remember that attacking outside of Hero City will leave you out of the running for the other treasures so, if you're thinking of attacking someone's territory, you'd better put your ideas aside."

Actually, it was Fire Sorrow who two days ago brought up such an approach. 

At the end of the day, it would be worrisome for Bai Zemin to allow so many strong soul evolvers to enter his territory; even if they weren't going to stay in China for long, the East Sea was still part of his domain on land!

So far, Bai Zemin could only identify a few clear teams among all those present.

Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Wu Yijun, Felix, Angelo, and Eleanora were forming a team.

Israfel was teaming up with 5 people, all of whom were extremely strong as they were part of the Holy Knights. Even the first prince Xian Luo was with them.

Demon of Corruption Shun was somehow teaming up with more than 10 soul evolvers, among them 4 Fourth Order soul evolvers.

...

Four days later.

After flying non-stop and unobstructed for four whole days and after swimming for more than 3 hours, they all arrived at the outskirts of the East Sea Kingdom.

Seeing Xian Mei'er waiting with some of her brothers and sisters, as well as the East Sea King, Bai Zemin's eyes immediately flashed mysteriously.

Whatever had happened in Xian Meier's family, the battle for Hero City was one that Bai Zemin could not lose no matter what.

* * * * * * *

Happy new year <3 hope you enjoyed the 5 chapters and really thank you to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up :)