Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The night passed quickly for everyone except Bai Zemin and his team.

The first time Angelo and Eleanora visited the Collector's Pocket World it could be said that they were both so amazed that they were breathless for almost a full minute. 

Bai Zemin was particularly pleased after seeing the ever arrogant and disdainful Eleanora opening her eyes wide as her little mouth repeatedly opened and closed like that of a small choking fish.

While it was true that Bai Zemin still did not fully trust Angelo since he was the Leader of his own faction, his secret deal with Eleanora that no one but the two of them knew about served as a gateway for him to be willing to show them the power of a Demigod grade treasure such as the Collector's Pocket Watch.

After a 6-hour night that for them were actually 60 hours used to practice their respective strengths, the group left Xian Meier's room under Xian Bao Bao's somewhat sleepy eyes.

"Big brothers, big sisters. Morning." 

"Good morning, little Bao Bao." 

Seeing the little golden-haired mermaid rubbing her eyes at 6 a.m. somehow helped start the day off right even though they knew what was to come would not be particularly pleasant.

"Did you all stay up late last night?" Xian Bao Bao asked.

She was completely oblivious to the Collector's Pocket Watch. It was her older sister Xian Mei'er who sent her to her chamber saying that only adults could take part in the training to conquer Hero City.

"Just a little." Xian Mei'er stroked her sister's hair and said softly, "Obedient Bao'er, wait until big sister returns with the others, okay?"

"Bao'er will wait for everyone to return!" The little mermaid nodded with an innocent smile on her face. 

'Being a child sure is good.' Bai Zemin sighed in his heart at the credulity of the little Ninth Princess.

In the eyes of a sheltered child, nothing in the world was too bad and it was easy to be fooled by the sinister minds of adults. But in this case it was precisely Xian Bao Bao's innocent mind what kept her from worrying too much about the fact that her best sister would soon be risking her life.

Soon enough, the group stopped at the entrance to the royal palace where the soul evolvers were slowly beginning to gather. Angel Sonnata was already there, standing silently hovering a few inches off the ground as if afraid of being contaminated.

Bai Zemin and the others soon felt several hostile or wary glances upon them as they stopped in a corner. 

"Looks like we're one of the focus of attention aren't we?" Saint of the Absolute Felix walked over and murmured with a wry smile.

He really didn't know how to feel about this situation. 

"Does it really matter?" Eleanora stretched her wonderfully small but curvaceous body, and ignoring the gazes filled with malicious intent, she sneered, "Most of the over 150 of us who arrived at this place will die in some corner of Hero City anyway and only a few will manage to escape alive if lady luck is with them."

Just then, an arrogant laugh sounded from the center of the square, "I love the arrogance of you human females. The more arrogant you are the more satisfied I feel when I conquer you under my body. I've seen thousands of little bitches like you who in the end only end up begging for more!"

Wu Yijun's face turned red from the anger and embarrassment she felt. Her eyes practically spat flames as if she wanted to set the Demon of Corruption Shun's body on fire.

Eleanora, on the other hand, straightened her posture and looked at him with a lazy smile as she calmly said, "Your name is Shun, right? Based on your name you must have some Asian origin, Korea, perhaps?"

"... What's up with that?" Corruption Demon frowned in puzzlement.

"If your little bird happens to be the same size as that of 99% of Asian males then I don't think you have the qualifications to be too arrogant don't you think? Forget about a thousand women begging you for more, I'm afraid you've probably never managed to get that little thing of yours in any hole because it most likely isn't long enough!"

Silence.

The square outside the palace suddenly became enveloped in a kind of deathly silence with everyone's eyes fixed on the blonde beauty and only now did they realize that this woman whose height could not exceed 5'5" but whose curves were extremely sexy was actually a charming rose covered in thorns!

"Hahahaha!" Bai Zemin couldn't help but give Eleanora a thumbs up.

He had heard that Americans were more mentally free and he also knew that when they insulted they were more poisonous than snakes, but he had not expected Eleanora to have such a fierce tongue!

Even if she had indirectly or not mocked 99% of Asian men, he had no reason to be offended because thank heaven he belonged to the other 1%!

Indeed, Eleanora's eyes shone with a mysterious light as she looked at the trembling body of the Corruption Demon who seemed to be about to explode with rage.

"See this? Even though he's Asian he reacted in a funny way and without getting angry at my words, which means he definitely has confidence in what he has down there. You, on the other hand, are shaking like chicken fresh out of the freezer." Eleanora folded her arms, inadvertently plumping her breasts, and said with a disdainful smile, "If you don't have the weapon necessary to go to the real war then you'd better stop bragging about conquering countless territories!"

"I'm going to kill you... I'll definitely make you wish you were dead, you human bitch!" Shun's violet eyes had practically turned red as he looked at Eleanora, and if not for the presence of the Fifth Order angel as well as the fear of not being able to conquer Hero City he would have definitely attacked her on the spot. 

Eleanora did not say more but instead waved her right hand with her fingers in a duck mouth shape, moving them up and down. She was silently telling him 'barking dog won't bite!'

The only one who expressed his concern was none other than Saint of the Absolute Felix: "Are you sure you want to do this...? Although I hate Shun to the marrow of my bones, I have no choice but to recognize his strength. I'm afraid that between us only Bai Zemin and I have the ability to fight him head on, so if any of you fall into his hands..."

Although Felix did not finish his words no one among those present was stupid. 

"Bing Xue, Yijun, Seventh Princess, Eleanora. You three should temporarily put aside the treasure hunt and join the rest as soon as possible." Bai Zemin spoke in a serious voice. 

If it wasn't because he didn't want the other competitors to know the true capability of the Collector's Pocket Watch he would have even been happy to send them to the Collector's Pocket World. This was because according to Angel Sonnata's explanation, they would all be teleported to different points once through Hero City's protective curtain. 

Eleanora might be acting very carefree on the surface but she naturally knew her limits. It was impossible for her to fight or defend against the Corruption Demon, and after reading just a part of his thoughts she felt her heart grow cold.

"I will, don't worry." 

Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction and turned to look at Shangguan Bing Xue, who nodded without saying a word. 

He wasn't too worried about Shangguan Bing Xue because between those present she and Angelo could fight for a while against Shun before falling.

His biggest concern was actually Wu Yijun, whose skills were countered by the Heaven Devouring Flame in Shun's possession.

"Mm? What's wrong, Yijun?" Bai Zemin met Wu Yijun's wandering eyes so he couldn't help but worry even more.

"Ah! I- It's nothing!" Wu Yijun hurriedly hopped up as if struck by lightning and hurriedly shook with both hands as her face turned as red as an apple.

Bai Zemin was not dense unlike many other men when it came to women, or else he would not have noticed Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun's possible feelings even before either of them openly expressed their hearts. However, he still did not understand the reason behind Wu Yijun's embarrassment.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

In fact, even Angelo who had a great deal of experience dealing with women did not understand what was going on. Although in his defense, he was too lost in the beauty of Wu Yijun whose features had charmed him from the moment he met her months ago during his visit to the Asian continent.

Only Elanora and Shangguan Bing Xue seemed to understand the current situation.

Eleanora gave her a dirty smile that embarrassed her even more, but when Wu Yijun met Shangguan Bing Xue's narrowed eyes she couldn't help but secretly gulp not out of fear but out of shyness!

...

The group swam under the guidance of angel Sonnata for more than 20 minutes to the south of Kraya City. 

The East Sea King was also present, and there was even a beautiful golden-haired woman beside him.

"That woman is a Fifth Order dragon with enough ability to defeat Sixth Order dragons. It is also said that she withstood two attacks from Doom Roar, a Seventh Order dragon. I believe I have seen her in the past, and if I am not mistaken she has the title of Lightning Swallowing Dragon. It is said that she can even devour to some extent the void rays whose power of annihilation can be second to none." Fire Sorrow explained quickly, trying to help Bai Zemin as much as possible before having to part ways, "I have a bad feeling about her presence but I can't put my finger on what the problem itself is..."

Bai Zemin nodded and thanked her silently.

Regardless of possible upcoming problems, the arrow had already left the bow and the string was buzzing... there was no reverse gear.

Sonnata stopped in front of a large underwater valley and faced the group in a serious voice: "Behind me is Hero City, and in a moment we will open the curtain for you to go in. Remember that no one above the Fourth Order can enter there without permission from the owner of Hero City... Hero City is the core of one of the most powerful divine treasures since creation to which the Soul Record will certainly be guarding!"

Sonnata's last words naturally pointed at Lilith and Fire Sorrow. 

"Zemin, please be careful..." Lilith also couldn't shake off the bad feeling that suddenly flooded her chest.

If not for the fact that she feared that the Soul Record might punish her even if she hid in the Collector's Pocket World she would definitely have followed Bai Zemin beyond the cover of Hero City.

Actually, Bai Zemin also felt slightly uncomfortable. However, it was not an extremely powerful level of uneasiness so he decided to continue with the original plan.

He was no idiot, and if he felt that he would really die then he would turn around to go home. He definitely wouldn't throw his life away no matter what.

However, did he really have much of a choice? If he retreated once in the face of hardship then he would definitely have to retreat more in the future, which would eventually lead him to lose more than he could afford!

Besides, he was no longer that Bai Zemin who knew nothing and just started to evolve.... Though his level was only 100 and he was stuck in the Second Order, even a Fifth Order phenix couldn't kill him!

Just as Bai Zemin was comforting her, his pupils trembled slightly as he saw the scene in front of him.

Slowly, a huge invisible city began to reveal itself right before everyone's eyes.

"This is Hero City..."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3