Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The city wall was not that high when compared to the walls that human factions scattered all over the Earth built for the sole purpose of protecting themselves from other enemies be they humans or mutant beasts. 

Stretching for what seemed to be over 120 kilometers and with a height of approximately 200-250 meters at most, the all-white wall not only looked elegant but even exuded a sort of transcendental aura with its presence.

"Hero City's protective veil will be held open for 2 minutes. Everyone who is already ready should move and those who aren't had better finish whatever it is they have to do as soon as possible." Angel Sonnata said in a deep voice as he watched the huge city with shining eyes, "To emphasize, Hero City is the core of Sky City so its shape is round. Remember that everyone has only forty-eight hours before being expelled so every second there counts; don't waste time!"

Bang!

Corruption Demon Shun certainly wasn't in the mood for chit-chat. He didn't even care about his team's opinions nor did he bother with waiting for anyone as he immediately kicked the water bubble under his feet and dashed towards the city faster than lightning.

"We're on our way too." Bai Zemin's eyes glittered mystically as he saw Corruption Demon Shun's body disappearing as he entered 100 meters away from the white wall. He looked at the women of the team and reminded them, "Regroup as soon as possible, ignore the treasures! We'll have time for that when we're together."

Seeing everyone nod, Bai Zemin exchanged glances with Saint of the Absolute Felix: "I'll count on you there."

"...And I will trust you." Felix smiled bitterly but still nodded.

"Don't worry, I definitely won't attack my ally." Bai Zemin knew the reason behind Felix's caution and fear as he had exposed one of his trump cards the night before. His voice was serious as he said, "At least for now, you and I are in alliance."

Saint of the Absolute Felix took a deep breath before nodding with determination, "Very well."

Soon, the group moved as well. 

In fact, as they exchanged words most of those present had already moved so they were among the last to head to Hero City.

Sonnata looked at Lilith and Fire Sorrow who were staring at him with eyes thick with warning. He immediately felt every hair on his body stand on end and after saying something to the East Sea King he left without looking back.

What a joke! 

Although he might be very proud in front of Lower Existences, soul evolvers below the Fifth Order, Sonnata knew that in front of the two women of the Demonic Army before him he was no different than a soap bubble; he would burst with a single touch!

East Sea King bowed deeply and did not dare to look at the two demonesses in front of him. The mermaid race's sense of beauty was not much different from that of humans, so in the King's eyes, Lilith and Fire Sorrow were beauties capable of stealing his heart with a single smile.

"Two esteemed Higher Existences, this little one will stay here to stand guard personally so you both can rest assured if you so wish."

The female from the Dragon God Realm wore a silver-colored mask on her face, which greatly suppressed her beauty. She looked at Lilith and Fire Sorrow with her bright green eyes, and after a few seconds began to move away.

"... Fire Sorrow, I'm going after that woman." Lilith frowned slightly as she stared at the female dragon's back farther and farther away. 

She simply couldn't push away the bad feeling she had.

Fire Sorrow nodded and glanced slightly at the East Sea King before looking back towards Hero City. The city was slowly disappearing like a ghost town.

"I'll stay here to make sure no one plays dirty tricks."

"With you here I can feel at ease, beautiful lady with the greatest magical talent in the universe." Lilith smiled faintly before disappearing.

Fire Sorrow muttered something to herself that no one heard.

East Sea King smiled bitterly in his heart. Although it didn't feel good to be ignored, what else was he capable of doing besides swallowing the grievance? Although he was a King recognized by the Soul Record, in front of Higher Existences he was no different from an ant unworthy of a second glance.

...

Bai Zemin felt his body being pulled into a different space as he stepped through the curtain of Hero City.

It was a much weaker feeling than when he used the teleportation circles in the runes of the Five Silver Pagodas or when he teleported into the Sky Destroyer not to mention when Bai Zemin crossed the portal between worlds to reach Eventide World.

'The mana contorts space first, forming wrinkles in that thin invisible web. Each wrinkle means a possible destination, and to get to a desired location-'

Bai Zemin's focus broke as the feeling disappeared, and as he opened his eyes he realized he was inside the city.

He couldn't help but smile bitterly in his heart, 'Now that I managed to weakly open the universal spatial law door I can finally understand a little bit of that strange feeling every time I teleport. It's a pity that each teleportation lasts less than an instant though. I can't appreciate the feeling too well.'

Only when crossing portals between worlds would teleportation take 1 or 2 seconds depending on the distance between galaxies. Unfortunately, world teleportation skills are extremely rare and valuable.

There was no way Bai Zemin would use the power of his Irregular title for something like this; this was one of his life-saving cards after all.

What appeared before Bai Zemin's eyes astonished him, to say the least.

Towering buildings, extremely luxurious houses, streets paved by what looked like normal cement but definitely wasn't, mana-functional magic energy street lamps on both sides of the road... Every detail of the city in front of Bai Zemin could only be described with the word perfect for lack of words in the dictionary.

Even the air was so much purer, and the small colorful plants that could be found every 20 meters looked lush and extremely beautiful.

"Wow..."

Bai Zemin jumped in fright when he heard a tiny voice behind him, but when he turned around he couldn't help but wonder at how lucky they were this time.

There, less than five steps away, a black-haired beauty was raising her little head to look at the amazing architectural details of the tall buildings. Her pale green magic robe with gold engravings was clearly not designed to look seductive, but the back curve of the little beauty was so appealing that it could not be contained at all.

Upon seeing this beautiful woman, Bai Zemin understood why he felt no discomfort, as well as the reason why he did not notice her existence until she exclaimed in surprise.

Even if her back was turned, it was impossible for him not to recognize her.

Bai Zemin felt like a naughty child and although he knew it was not the time he could not suppress the thought that was beginning to bloom more strongly in his head.

Wu Yijun was truly amazed by the sight before her.

This was by far the most beautiful city she had ever seen in her entire life. Not even big cities like Shanghai, Beijing, New York, or Paris were able to compare to the city before her eyes. In fact, she felt extremely comfortable and every time she breathed the pure air of this place she felt her heart calmed down.

If it wasn't for the fact that she knew it wasn't possible, Wu Yijun would really want to find a bed to sleep with a smile on her face.

A few seconds later and when she felt she had better start moving, Wu Yijun's expression suddenly changed. 

A purple almost black colored seed appeared in her hand, and with a single thought a large amount of shining purple mist burst outward with her as its center.

Bai Zemin was dumbfounded as he was about to touch her shoulder. He had intended to scare her a little but didn't expect to be caught so suddenly, and by the time he realized what was happening he had already been engulfed by the purple mist.

"Ah!" Wu Yijun cried out in fright when she finally realized that the person behind her was Bai Zemin. "Wai- No! S- Sorry!"

The purple mist began to move backwards at full speed, quickly returning to the inside of the seed in less than two blinks of an eye.

Wu Yijun quickly approached Bai Zemin as she saw his skin with small black spots on it, "I- Take the antidote hurriedly!"

However, Bai Zemin stopped her and did not take the small pastel-colored pill she wanted to hastily pop into his mouth.

Seeing him close his eyes, Wu Yijun stomped on the ground and bit her fingers while muttering to herself. The worst thing was that even after two whole minutes, he still stood there without moving!

Wu Yijun felt extremely anxious in her heart.

The purple mist from before was actually an extremely lethal poison called Flesh Eater. This poison got into the nervous system even if it was not inhaled as it easily pierced through the skin, and once it made contact with the flesh and blood of the body it immediately began to eat everything.

It was an extremely cruel poison capable of turning anyone below level 170 into a dry corpse in less than 5 minutes! 

Furthermore, anyone affected by the Flesh Eater poison would also suffer weaknesses of all kinds to the point where it would be difficult for the enemy to stand upright let alone fight!

'Why doesn't this person simply take the antidote?' Wu Yijun felt as if she had been immersed in boiling lava as she stared at Bai Zemin.

In fact, Bai Zemin was having difficulty standing upright and occasionally staggered. If not for his willpower and extremely pure Soul Power, someone like him who was only level 100 would have collapsed long ago.

'This poison really is horrible.' He smiled bitterly in his heart but did not give up.

Actually, Bai Zemin knew that everything would be over if he took Wu Yijun's antidote. However, a thought crossed his mind just as he was planning to do so.

They were now in Hero City, and there were all kinds of enemies present; they were all very strong as they had survived in this world for all this time despite the hardships. 

'Although I don't think I'm beneath anyone, and I'm probably invincible in this place, better safe than sorry... Besides, that green-skinned woman and Corruption Demon will be difficult enemies to deal with.'

Bai Zemin used Blood Manipulation to prevent the poison from devouring his existence, but other than that he not only didn't try to eradicate it but tried to assimilate with it bit by bit.

In the first minute, Bai Zemin felt as if his blood had been replaced by lava.

In the second minute, his entire body began to heat up to the point where he could not help but stagger.

At minute three, Bai Zemin began to see hallucinations and his body was drenched in sweat.

'This poison smells so sweet but it's so dangerous!' 

If this was the effect this poison had on him Bai Zemin didn't want to imagine how miserable the others would be!

The Flesh Eater poison was one of the most terrifying deadly weapons Wu Yijun mastered; even Kang Lan who was a specialist using poisons couldn't handle it. 

This poison was born from a creature called Fleash Death Eater Plant, a terrifying level 197 monster that was shot down 2 months ago in one of the snowy forests of Inner Mongolia. There were many casualties during that battle, and it wasn't until several of the faction's strongest soul evolvers arrived that the creature finally succumbed.

Kali who knew and loved exotic plants very much was the one who helped Wu Yijun brew this poison, and with the addition of Kang Lan's magic they managed to seal a good amount in 2 seeds.

Such a rare poison was certainly deadly, but it was also a great opportunity. 

Of course, Bai Zemin was not stupid and if he noticed that he was not able to tame the beast he would immediately take the antidote in Wu Yijun's possession.

However, he would not give up just because of pain and hardship.

For 10 minutes, several soul evolvers ran into Bai Zemin whose skin had turned almost completely black standing on the verge of collapse. However, none of them came too close when they met the gaze full of murderous intent of the beautiful little lady beside him.

Wu Yijun was like a tigress driving all invaders out of her cave and would not allow anyone to come even a little close now that Bai Zemin was this weak. 

The only thing she was silently thankful for was that so far there had been no enemies that were difficult to handle in case they attacked.

'But, if that demon or someone else appears...' Wu Yijun was extremely anxious and her palm was drenched in sweat.

Just as she was about to wipe the sweat on her robe without worrying about anything else, a strong hand grabbed hers sending a rush of electric current to her brain.

Overjoyed and with a smile capable of making anyone fall in love added to her teary eyes, she turned and lifted her little head to look at Bai Zemin's tired but smiling face.

"Thank heavens!" 

Ignoring everything else, she directly jumped into his embrace and sobbed guiltily, apologizing for what she did.

Bai Zemin comforted her gently as he stroked her back. The softness of the fabric of her magic robe, her extremely pleasant scent, her velvety hair, the smallness of her waist.... Everything about her calmed him so much that a strong desire for possession began to be born in his heart.

Bai Zemin did not know if this was part of the hidden effects of the World Tree Heart fragment but, Wu Yijun with her existence calmed him down almost 100% in a matter of seconds.

No one was capable of doing such a thing except her.

"It's okay... Yijun, not only did you not harm me but you helped me a lot!"

[You have successfully suppressed the Flesh Eater Poison of Rank 5.]

[Your blood has acquired a new trait!]

[Congratulations, your blood smells and tastes extremely sweet now but contains extremely deadly poison for your enemies while your allies will benefit from its purifying qualities!]

[You have gained the passive skill 'Poison Resistance' of Fifth Order level 1!]

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3