Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The World Tree Heart Fragment was a Demigod grade treasure after all, one at the top among treasures of its category, in fact. 

Before this, Bai Zemin thought that the World Tree Heart fragment was below the Collector's Pocket Watch.

After all, even if the World Tree Heart fragment granted more stats and even doubled the Health points obtained from the moment the holder managed to build a connection with it, it was still inferior to having a world with a 10:1 time ratio compared to the outside. 

However, he soon realized that he underestimated the power and capability of the World Tree Heart fragment now that he saw what Wu Yijun was capable of.

'Although the World Tree Heart fragment would not be as useful in my hands or Bing Xue's, in Yijun's hands whose records are deeply related to nature and wildlife it is a supreme treasure worthy of the Demigod grade after all.' Bai Zemin solemnly rationalized in silence as he took a step forward first, entering the corridor.

After making sure there were no traps, he turned to nod to her as a sign that she should come now.

Wu Yijun looked at the small plant in the opposite corner and said in an appreciative voice, "Thank you very much for everything!"

The plant swayed slightly from side to side in response.

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly as he saw Wu Yijun walking toward him with a beautiful smile and curved crescent-shaped eyes.

"You really are able to communicate with those plants just like that?"

"Not with all plants~ Only some of them, the ones that have self-awareness, can give weak signals."

"Signals?"

"Yesss, signals! Even when we talk we send out spirtual waves, didn't you know~?"

"No, I didn't know that... By the way, Yijun, why do you unnecessarily lengthen the last letter of the last word you say?"

"I didn't know either until you gave me the fragment of the World Tree Heart, hehe! As for your question... It's because I'm super happy nowww~"

"Super happy, you say..."

"Yes yes! It's because your heart is accepting me after all~"

"... What makes you think that?"

"Hehe... This shy and obstinate side of you doesn't displease me at all~ It makes me want to pull your cheeks like a little baby!"

"You are the baby- Don't!"Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

This was the first time Bai Zemin got to see this side of Wu Yijun; playful, mischievous, joyful.. but still full of innocence with every step she took as she followed him and in every word she said.

Without him realizing it, however, Bai Zemin was also showing a side of him that, so far, only Lilith and possibly his younger sister Meng Qi had come to know before.

The two continued to chat very comfortably as if they were at the mall and not in a mysterious billion-year-old city that might be fraught with danger.

Soon, the elevator moved up after Bai Zemin pressed the top floor as he intended to start from the top and work his way down as they searched around the place.

Wu Yijun's chuckles like a merry little elf sounded for a long time in the hallway.

What neither of them noticed, however, was that an attractive deep blue-eyed woman with a skill that allowed her to turn her entire body into countless crystals capable of distorting reality around her had been standing in a corner of the reception hall.

"Interesting..." 

The beauty's voice was as beautiful as her face and body, but instead of seductive as that of a temptress it was as soft as that of a baby.

Soon, she headed down the hallway and decided to follow the duo from afar.

For a high-level assassin like her, the use of the elevator was not necessary to achieve her goal. 

"As long as I avoid possible traps, even God should be able to find me."

Only she, who had one of the highest camouflage and deception skills in the universe, had the right to say such words.

This was her pride after all.

...

Floor #15.

When the elevator doors opened, a room of about 200 square meters appeared before the eyes of the duo composed of Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun.

"Wow..."

Wu Yijun stood in the center of the room as she looked at the approximately 12 dummies with an expression of astonishment on her face.

Each of these dummies shaped very similar to that of a human body wore a different set of armor ranging not only from breastplate and pants but there were even shoulder pads, leg guards, wrist guards, cloak, and so on.

However, if these sets of equipment were normal pieces, Wu Yijun absolutely would not have reacted so shocked. After all, she was using high quality equipment forged by Bai Zemin personally.

Bai Zemin placed his palm on the chest of the upper part of the dummy covered by a silver-colored breastplate with green streaks. 

The armor's records glowed for him in an instant.

_________

[Silver Armor of the Wind Guardian]

[Type: Chestplate.]

[Rank: 3.]

[Physical Defense: 14,500]

[Magical Defense: 12,500]

[Durability: 75,000 / 75,000] 

[Special Options -]

[1) Increases Agility by 5%]

[2) Increases Agility by 10% when you go into combat mode. This effect can be piled up with the effect of Option number 1]

[3) Restriction type skills are 15% less effective against you]

[Special attached skill -]

[Wind Guardian: Once every 72 hours, spawn a wind shield that protects the user from an amount of damage equal to the magic and physical defense multiplied by 5 before collapsing or during 10 minutes] 

[Description: An extremely ancient piece of armor that was forged using a hard metal and a light one with wind qualities. The rune encryptor managed to strengthen the special properties of both metals by using a number of Heavenly Runes on it].

_________

Bai Zemin withdrew his hand with a hint of surprise in his eyes.

"Impressive." 

His praise came from the heart.

Although this armor was not as good as his own, this Rank 3 treasure was still even better to several of the Rank 3 armors he had prepared for his subordinates.

However, it was also understandable considering that this piece of armor was made from metals that he had not had access to at the time of forging. In fact, Bai Zemin estimated that the metals that were used by this unknown blacksmith were at least Rank 3 metals; they might even be Rank 4 metals that he had not even seen once to date!

Five minutes later, Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun looked at each other. They both saw the astonishment in each other's eyes.

"This... This dozen of armors." Wu Yijun again gave a careful look at each piece of equipment on the dummies as she said with undisguised delight, "They're all Rank 3! With this we'll be able to equip all the commanders and hand down Rank 3 armors with lower quality to the generals of the different legions!"

"Forgive me for making Rank 3 armors of a poor quality." Bai Zemin pretended to get angry.

"N-No! That's not what I meant-" Wu Yijun, who had never thought such a thing and thus overlooked how her words might affect the armor creator, panicked.

When Bai Zemin saw her eyes on the verge of tears and her pale face he could not help but be surprised.

He hurriedly held out a hand as if to hold back her tears and said quickly, "Wait wait! A joke, I was just joking!"

Wu Yijun still stared at him on the verge of tears, and after a while asked chokingly, "... Really? I really wasn't downplaying your work, I never would."

She was happy, very happy. At the end of the day, her greatest wish in this life was finally showing signs of fulfillment all thanks to her prevailing in the face of seemingly impossible odds.

If by a simple sentence said without much thought she ended up ruining all the progress she had made to slowly work her way into Bai Zemin's heart, Wu Yijun would definitely not be able to take it.

In the end, it took Bai Zemin almost ten minutes to comfort her and reassure her that he was really joking.

He naturally knew that Wu Yijun did not say what she said with bad intentions after all.

'Looks like I'll have to be more careful around her from now on.' Bai Zemin sighed in his heart as he realized that he had great power about Wu Yijun, a power that could give her the greatest happiness in the universe in an instant or could destroy her completely in just a second.

Perhaps even Bai Zemin himself had not realized that Wu Yijun's position in his heart had reached such a level of importance that he could not bear to see her sad.

In fact, she had become so unmissable to him that he had no idea even now.

If Bai Zemin were to take a look at the evolution requirements of his Immovable Heart skill he would surely be surprised, however, such a thing would not happen any time soon. This was because after Stone Heart evolved to Immovable Heart and he checked the requirements to evolve again, Bai Zemin judged on the spot that the skill would not evolve again to the next stage ever in this lifetime.

There were many things that could not be completely avoided in this life.

Death was one of them, as even Higher Existences could die even with the capacity to live until the oceans dry up and the stones break apart.

Another thing that could not be completely avoided was love.

Lilith was the greatest proof of that, as she swore and believed that she would never fall in love for a second time in her life.

Bai Zemin was sure that he would not love anyone other than Lilith, and probably so it would have been had she not constantly pushed him to have sentimental moments capable of moving anyone's heart with such extraordinary women.

However, where the captain rules, the sailor does not... Just like where heart rules, logic has no place to intervene too much.