Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

From floor #15 to floor #1, just above the ground floor where the reception was located, everything there were forged and enchanted pieces of equipment ready to use.

While it was true that not all the pieces of equipment were Rank 3 as there were plenty of Rank 2, Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun were still very happy as they both managed to get their hands on some pieces for themselves.

In fact, Bai Zemin was particularly overjoyed as he finally got his hands on a good pair of boots.... Until now, he had been wearing the same boots he got more than 1 year ago!

____________

[Dark Cloud Walker]

[Type: Boots]

[Rank 3]

[Physical Defense: 3200]

[Magic Defense: 4000]

[Movement Speed: 6500]

[Durability: 25,000 / 25,000]

[Special Options-]

[1) Increases Agility by 300 points when equipped].

[2) Increases Resistance against Wind by 5%].

[Attached Special Skill-]

[Dark Wind Blade: Using mana, the user can produce strong gusts of wind from the feet to shoot powerful blades of black wind capable of cutting the enemy and inflicting a medium-grade curse after entering the opponent's blood. Consumes more mana depending on the amount of black wind blades generated within a 5-hour period].

[Description: A pair of boots whose antiquity is hard to believe. Their birth is the product of continuous trial and failure, a work accomplished by the cooperation of a highly skilled blacksmith and a talented rune-encryptor].

____________

Compared to the old pair of boots worn by Bai Zemin, this Dark Cloud Walker was 200% better!

Bai Zemin was as happy as a little kid when he came across these boots on floor number 10. After all, while it was true that he had the ability to forge boots by himself and had Kali's help to inscribe runes on the equipment, it would definitely require a lot of time-consuming work considering it would be the first time for him trying to forge such a piece of equipment.

Wu Yijun also found some magical pieces of equipment, but hers were more... particular and peculiar.

As the two of them headed to the elevator after sweeping everything on the second floor, Bai Zemin couldn't help but glance sideways at Wu Yijun whose face was slightly flushed.

"You... Why are you looking at me?" she whispered in a gnat-like voice.

Bai Zemin hesitated for a moment before asking weakly, "You... Are you really using them?"

"I- Idiot, why are you asking me that?!"

"...It's okay, isn't it? It's just sexy lingerie with good defensive power... Your cup is EE right? The bra can even adjust and grow to your size using magic, and the little thong-"

"You can't say it!"

"What? It's not like it's the first time I've seen you wearing sexy nightwear after all, and it's not like I'm seeing you right now. Remember when we were at my parents' house? I even... you know."

"I- I'll really bite you to death after all!"

"Stupi- Stop it! My armor is made from metal you know! You'll break your teeth!"

A minute after the two left the building (not before taking the formulas from the counter with them) a silhouette that seemed to mingle with the surroundings silently appeared.

"These two are really interesting..." The crystal-bodied beauty smiled wryly as she remembered everything she had seen and heard. "Really... this person is Bai Zemin? His character is completely different from what the reports said."

After a moment's hesitation, the beautiful woman decided to follow them to get a closer look at their actions.

She was willing to sacrifice a great opportunity like this and not collect any treasure all for the sake of learning a little more about the other party.

...

For the next few hours, Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun continued to explore Hero City.

Unfortunately, they were not so lucky as they could not find many things. It was as if all their luck had disappeared after the first lot.

Even then, it wasn't as if during those hours they hadn't been able to find anything at all. 

High-quality fabrics, silk made from the products of a special mutant insect called Golden Silkworm, clothes with magical protection intended for ordinary citizens... Except for the silk of the Golden Silkworm that was found in a particular store, high-quality fabrics and clothing were found in large quantities.

The fabrics could later be sold to tailors for them to make curtains, tablecloths, and other types of things to release to the market as high-quality products. 

The silk from the Golden Silkworm, Bai Zemin planned to pay a person to make comfortable clothes for women. He planned to make presents out of it.

As for the clothing with magical protection, he planned to distribute it to the survivors of his faction. Of course, those who had any particular skill of use would definitely be chosen with priority since while there was plenty of magical clothing it was still not enough for the millions of lives that made up the Transcendent faction.

...

Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun entered a pill-selling store, but after five minutes of exploration, the two of them met near the entrance with bitter expressions on their faces.

"Nothing..." He shook his head.

"I didn't have any luck either." Wu Yijun sighed as she held out her palm to show a small amount of black powder, "All the pills turned to powder after losing their effect. I'm afraid it's the same situation we found back then when we explored the Silver Pagodas."

"Hero City probably belonged to an Emperor who ruled in the first era of all eras. Considering that the universe is so old it is to be expected that these pills have already turned to dust." Bai Zemin felt it was a pity but there was nothing they could do.

The two were planning which direction to aim for next since Hero City was a very large place when they suddenly heard a terrifying explosion coming from the distance.

BOOM!!!...

"That's...!" Wu Yijun quickly looked towards the place where the sound came from and her expression changed to a panicked one.

Bai Zemin's hair flicked as a strong gust of wet wind hit his face.

"Let's move!"

The two of them turned into flashes of light, and in less than a blink of an eye they disappeared from where they stood. Only the increasingly blurry afterimage of their bodies proved that they had been there at some point in the past.

...

Several kilometers distant, a great battle was raging and with each passing second things were getting fiercer and fiercer.

A group consisting of four people surrounded two others, sealing the four points so that if any of them tried to escape they would be intercepted immediately. However, the difference in power was big enough that those with the numerical advantage did not worry too much about such an unlikely event.

The four people were Israfel, Matthew Sanchez and his little sister Naomi, and lastly Xiao Luo.

Three were members of the Holy Church, and the other was the First Prince of the East Sea.

Xiao Luo held a golden sword in his right hand, and on his face was a small smile that didn't quite match the wild expression in his eyes as he stared at one of the two women in the center of the lockdown.

"My dear little sister, you sure didn't expect this kind of end result or did you? You came close to becoming the first Queen in the history of our kingdom, but as the saying goes, things don't always go according to our plans."

Xian Mei'er didn't bother with wiping the thin trickle of slightly blue blood at the corner of her mouth. She looked coldly at the First Prince and said indifferently, "Xiao Luo, you think you won don't you?"

"Isn't that the case?" Xiao Luo shook his head and chuckled. He raised his golden sword and the silver-colored jewel on the hilt glittered according to his wish, "Seventh Sister, our Royal Father even lent me our family's legendary treasure that only the king of each generation can wield. Do you really think you still have any chance? If you surrender now I can still let you live but first I would need you to kneel down to show your loyalty to me, your next King!"Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Xian Mei'er frowned but said nothing and naturally did not kneel. 

"Seventh Princess, all your siblings except for little Ninth are this mentally retarded?" Eleanora, who was standing behind Xian Mei'er watching her back, sneered. 

Her leather armor was quite damaged, her right arm was stained red from her own blood, and her right eye was closed as a large amount of blood from the blow she received on her head prevented her from seeing clearly. 

Even then, however, she held on tightly to her heavy sword and her tongue certainly didn't lose its sharpness as she said disdainfully: "You're all fucking retarded aren't you? Keep talking and wasting time, when our allies get here we'll see who has the last laugh. That's what you want, isn't it? You want to lure the others to kill them here."

Seeing the change of expressions on the other party, the disdain on her face grew exponentially: "Hahaha... Now I understand why that annoying guy Bai Zemin said before that petty villains never have a good ending... It's because they're all as stupid as you all are!"

They had been fighting for a few minutes, but the difference in power between the two sides was simply too overwhelming. In fact, Israfel and Naomi had yet to attack even once!

"None of us deny that the other members of your team are powerful, and naturally we don't underestimate them." Matthew Sanchez spat out a mouthful of blood involuntarily as he clutched his chest tightly since Xian Meier's attack combined with Eleanora had made him suffer considerably, "That's why we will borrow the power of Hero City's defenses... Besides, with His Holiness here, even the King of China Bai Zemin, the King of America Angelo, or the Saint of the Absolute Felix will think twice before attacking."

This time, Eleanora couldn't help but burst out laughing after hearing what Holy Knight Matthew said. She laughed so hard that the wounds she had suffered got worse but that didn't seem to matter to her as she kept laughing until her whole body trembled.

Even Xian Mei'er couldn't stop the corners of her lips from curving upwards slightly although she wasn't as exaggerated as Eleanora.

"What are you smiling about?" Xiao Luo suddenly felt that something wasn't right when he saw the smile on his younger sister's face.

Eleanora looked at Matthew in a way that made him feel uneasy. Her beautiful blue eye shone as if thousands of stars were suddenly shining, and while pointing into the distance, she sneered, "You said Bai Zemin would think twice before attacking that old geezer next to you? You really don't know that simple minded man, do you, big guy? But that's okay too, you'll soon see for yourself!"

Naomi's expression changed as the detection barrier she put up sent out a warning. She quickly shouted urgently, "Enemy attack!"

But even before she said anything, Israfel's expression had already turned ugly as he looked skyward.

All those present were soul evolvers who had killed millions of lives, particularly Israfel who had single-handedly wiped out over a hundred million. Even so, however, they all felt as if they were suddenly thrown into a pool of ice at the murderous intent that dyed the artificial blue sky bright red.

"T-This is..." Naomi subconsciously took a step back with a pale face as her eyes trembled with fear when she encountered the silhouette of a red wolf approaching at full speed.

"Hmph. Such a strong murderous intent... As expected of an evil spirit. You will be eradicated in the name of the Lord!"

Israfel coldly snorted and moved so fast that in an instant he disappeared from his position to intercept the enemy.

...And an instant later, a figure rocketed downward and slammed into the ground with such force that even under the magic circles the entire area shuddered on the verge of collapse.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3