Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Fu Xuefeng and Zhong De casually dragged two other militants and took them to separate locations. Although the two hooligans were frightened and tried to resist unconsciously, with the strength of two evolvers they had no way to break free.

In fact, the two militants were so scared after seeing the death of their comrades that Fu Xuefeng and Zhong De did not even have to pressure or beat them to make them speak as immediately spilled out all the information they knew.

After a conversation lasting several minutes, Bai Zemin and the rest came to the conclusion that none of the three seemed to be lying. Although there were slight changes in the words they said for obvious reasons, the core of the information remained the same.

Bai Zemin approached the frightened Luo Cheng and threw his Xuanyuan Sword to the ground before pointing to another militant, "If you want to live then kill him and I will allow you to join us."

Luo Cheng's face changed slightly upon hearing his words as he clearly understood what the young man in front of him meant.

If he killed a member of his group, then it meant that he was willing to leave the Four Big Bosses Camp. After all, it would be impossible for him to return because he would be branded as a traitor immediately since he would not even be able to explain how he alone managed to survive in the face of a calamity but Yang Pei did not.

In short, if Luo Cheng killed the militant it really meant that he would be joining Bai Zemin's group completely and without return.

In the end, under the terrified eyes of the militant singled out by Bai Zemin, Luo Cheng gritted his teeth and picked up the sword. Before the militant could have a chance to say anything, Luo Cheng mercilessly slashed and decapitated him.

Blood flew everywhere and the militant's head rolled on the ground. His eyes were still wide open filled with disbelief and hate.

The hidden survivors cried out scared and some of the militants directly peed their pants without being able to control their own bodies. Wu Yijun and Chen He, who still had no blood on their hands, quickly turned around with pale faces.

Even Fu Xuefeng, Cai Jingyi, Zhong De, and Kang Lan, who had killed before, could not help but turn slightly pale at the bloody scene. Only Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue remained without noticeable changes in their facial expressions.

Luo Cheng put the sword on the ground and knelt down before bowing, "Luo Cheng is willing to work for you. Just... I just hope you will help me take care of my little sister. She's only 9 years old and can't protect herself..." RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Bai Zemin waved his hand and said indifferently, "As long as you are honest and don't give me trouble on purpose you will naturally be treated as a subordinate with rights. I will personally take care of protecting your family and if anyone dares to even harm a strand of your little sister's hair I will make that person regret it in hell."

"Thank you...thank you..." Luo Cheng bowed profusely and thanked from the bottom of his heart. Although the fear was lingering and the insecurity towards the future was still there, he had no choice but to believe and wait to see if the young man in front of him would keep his word.

The rest of the militants looked at Bai Zemin fearfully before one suddenly stood up slowly, "Boss, I, Xiao Min, am willing to work for you!"

Bai Zemin looked at him before casually pointing to another militant, "If you want to follow me then kill him."

Xiao Min did not hesitate as he picked up the sword and decapitated his former comrade, bathing in his blood as if he were a demon from hell.

In the end, Bai Zemin gained a total of 4 more subordinates. The rest of the militants were decapitated on the spot and their blood pooled together with their corpses, forming a small pool of blood on the road.

The reason why Bai Zemin had no qualms about killing these people was because they were all not good birds. If his group had been on the losing side, all of these men would probably have started beating or killing men while physically abusing female students and teachers. It was also for this reason that Shangguan Bing Xue did not try to stop him and for the same reason, Chen He did not complain even though he did not agree with his methods.

"Only those who are willing to die have the right to kill." It was a phrase that Bai Zemin was quite fond of and applied in this case. Since the militants had bad intentions towards them, then they had to bear the consequences for failing.

Because he still did not trust the four new recruits, Bai Zemin left them under the care of Fu Xuefen and the rest. With guns in their hands and being considerably high-level evolved, they would have no problem handling four people even if they wanted to go wild.

...

The survivors continued to empty the convenience stores since work had been interrupted by the arrival of the militants. On the other hand, Chen He looked at the Type 54 pistol in his hands with fondness because although it was not his preferred choice, with that firearm he felt thousand times more comfortable.

With Chen He's marksmanship and ability, a small-caliber pistol could be even more terrifying than a heavy machine gun in the hands of a novice!

As for Bai Zemin, he was currently inside a small bungalow a few streets away. If something happened, with his Agility he would be able to arrive on the scene in a matter of seconds to provide support.

The reason he moved away was that he needed some privacy for what he was going to do next.

Bai Zemin crouched down and looked at the unconscious Yang Pei for a moment. He made a deep cut on the chest of the young man who was about the same age as him and seeing that he still did not wake up he threw a handful of salt into the wound.

The result was immediate.

Yang Pei's eyes opened immediately, as big as two saucers. His face distorted like that of a terrifying monster and a roar of pain broke through his throat, bursting through the walls and going beyond.

He looked at Bai Zemin and barked like a wounded beast: "You bastard!!! I'll cut you into a thousand pieces and feed you to the pigs!!!"

Two magic circles flashed on the ground and two white wolves came out from inside. The two summoned beasts seemed to be able to sense their master's pain as they howled ferociously and lunged at Bai Zemin with their jaws wide open.

"You really don't know what's good for you." Bai Zemin coldly snorted and took a step forward before striking out with both fists.

When his two fists collided with the two summons, the beasts exploded on the spot without even being able to howl in pain, disappearing from this world completely.

Yang Pei spat out two mouthfuls of fresh blood and began to cough ferociously, choking on his own blood amidst the yells of pain that had now turned into almost inaudible grunts.

"Let's see what you do, little baby." Bai Zemin opened the small pocket on the side of his backpack and carefully pulled out an object.