Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Naomi and Matthew Sanchez were both Fourth Order soul evolvers who had recently met their respective evolution requirements. Although they had barely surpassed level 205, both were undoubtedly the two most powerful Holy Knights in the entire Holy Church.

On the other hand, Xiao Luo was a Third Order soul evolver level 189. Although he was not comparable to the two Sanchez siblings, he was a genius nevertheless, still capable of fighting against Third Order soul evolvers below level 200 with ease. In addition, the number of treasures in his body made him a particularly troublesome enemy to deal with.

However, none of the three of them could see what happened in the sky.

Naturally, Xian Mei'er and Eleanora were also unable to see or understand the situation.

It all happened too fast.

A mere instant.

Who was it that fell from the sky?

Was it the Supreme Pontiff Israfel?

Was it Bai Zemin of China?

The answer was revealed in a matter of seconds.

As the cloud of mana and dust was swept away by the wind in Hero City, the staggering silhouette of a man clutching one hand to his head was revealed before everyone's eyes.

"Your Holiness!"

"Sir Israfel!"

Matthew and Naomi screamed in shock as they watched the most powerful figure in all of Holy Church clinging to his weapon with his right hand shaking fiercely.

Did he lose? Supreme Pontiff Israfel, a Fourth Order soul evolver above level 220 with a weapon capable of killing Higher Existences considered immortal... did he lose?

Matthew and Naomi looked at each other for a moment, both noticing the disbelief and horror in the other's eyes.

The other party was only level 100 who hadn't even set foot in the Third Order!

On the other hand, Xiao Luo frowned deeply as he looked at the Supreme Pontiff's pained expression. Although he did not say anything, his current expression which was a stark contrast compared to his previous expression said more than a thousand words regarding how his confidence practically in heaven had plummeted considerably in the face of an unforeseen and unexpected event like this.

Even if Xiao Luo accepted that Bai Zemin might be able to win over Israfel it still shouldn't be this overwhelming!

"What's wrong, you big talker?" 

Xiao Luo turned to look at the smiling expression on Eleanora's beautiful face. 

Even injured, she was still a beautiful goddess without a doubt.

"You're not smiling like you were now, didn't you notice?" 

"You..." Xiao Luo looked up at the distant sky, noticing that the crimson glare in the sky kept growing with the enemy's constant release of killing intent.

Israfel also looked up into the sky after a few seconds, finally able to stabilize and recover completely. The previous attack was something he had not expected, the enemy's physical strength was certainly as horrifying as he had been informed but he had not wanted to believe.

Even after all that, however, Israfel was a powerful soul evolver whose Soul Power was extremely pure and whose skills were truly powerful. He only needed a moment of calm to recover from the shock that the blow and fall had caused him.

Bai Zemin stopped in the sky as the two ash-gray wings each two meters long moved lightly on his back. He coldly surveyed the scene before gazing at Israfel with indifference after making sure that none of his allies had suffered mortal wounds or fallen in combat.

"Evil spirit? Who the hell do you think you are to brand me as such?" 

Bai Zemin's voice echoed like the boom of thunder in the sky.

"No, you know what? that's alright too... Let me show you what an evil spirit is, you goddamn faith-blinded dumbass!"

"Endless Blue Lotus Flame!"

"Crimson Flame!"

"Crimson Lightning Flash!"

"Dark Mist!"

In an instant, Bai Zemin's aura went up several degrees as his body was first enveloped by a blue flame which instantly changed to purple after the appearance of a flash of deep red fire. However, this did not end there as soon his flame-covered body gained an extra layer of blood-colored flickering lightning, and by the time the black mist came out of his pores to join the flame, his entire presence changed noticeably.

Looking at the barely discernible golden figure in the midst of that blackish colored flame with red flashes dancing powerfully around it, Israfel narrowed his eyes as he realized that he would have to take this fight seriously or it really could be dangerous today.

Bai Zemin took advantage of the moment when Israfel was activating multiple skills to shout out loud, "Eleanora, Princess, you two should work together with Yijun to take care of these three!"

Yijun? 

Wu Yijun was with him? 

Xian Mei'er and Eleanora were still worried about how they would deal with the other three enemies as Bai Zemin definitely shouldn't be able to take down the Supreme Pontiff in a short period of time. However, when they heard that Wu Yijun was with him they felt more at ease.

If Wu Yijun was there to close the numerical disadvantage then the three of them together should be able to, at the very least, hold their ground for a while.

As for winning? Such a thing never crossed their minds as the other party was still noticeably stronger not only in terms of levels but also because of the presence of Xiao Luo who could control some of Hero City's hidden weapons.

However, Xian Mei'er and Eleanora didn't know that Xiao Luo's secret weapon wouldn't work this time... and they certainly didn't know that the current Wu Yijun was hundreds of times mightier than before!

She, who had received the World Tree Heart fragment from Bai Zemin, had practically reborn into a truly formidable existence!

"Take root!"

An extremely beautiful fairy-like voice sounded from all around, making it particularly difficult to find the person's position.

"Watch out!" Matthew Sanchez kicked the ground and backed away in a hurry as out of nowhere all sorts of deadly plants began to grow where he was before.

Those plants were mostly poisonous, hallucinogenic, and with strong physical binding capabilities. 

Even if Matthew Sanchez wasn't afraid he definitely didn't want to have a hard time just letting himself be surrounded!

"Bright Lightshine!" Naomi was much more direct compared to her older brother.

Her body was completely covered by a layer of white lightning, and no matter what kind of plant tried to approach it was immediately turned into charcoal when it came within 5 meters of her; even the spores released by other flowers were kept at bay.

However, although Naomi and Matthew were strong enough to fend off Wu Yijun's power, Xiao Luo was a different case.

"Damn it!" He slashed with his golden sword at lightning speed, turning dozens of branches which were so hard that they seemed to be made of steel. His expression was extremely ugly as he saw that for every ten branches or vines cut off, another thirty grew in their place to attack him, "What the hell is this?!"

He didn't understand where the hell this forest that kept expanding came from!

"Why isn't the jewel working?! Dammit!"

One of the functions that the silver jewel on the hilt of Xiao Luo's golden sword possessed was precisely to somewhat control the growth of plants or the development of life within Hero City. However, for some unknown reason, the city was not listening to him at all.

Even if he was strong, Xiao Luo definitely did not have the ability to deal with Wu Yijun; and this was so even with her diverting her attention in three parts!

"Nature's Sparkle!"

Soon, the entire forest over 15 kilometers in diameter glowed as a pale green light covered every plant, every branch, and every leaf.

Eleanora and Xian Mei'er exchanged glances before dashing forward without hesitation.

Eleanora knew that her level was the lowest among all present, only level 155 currently. Even if the purity of her Soul Power was outstanding, none of the enemies in front of her was a regular soul evolver and therefore she could not rely on her ability to jump levels against them.

Therefore, she, without thinking of future possible consequences, activated her strongest combat skill.

"Valkyrie Transformation!" 

The mana inside Eleanora's body trembled and quickly rushed into her flesh, nourishing her blood and increasing all of her natural stats tremendously. Furthermore, not only were the wounds the enemy had inflicted on her earlier completely healed but she also underwent a great change in her appearance.

She became slightly taller, approximately 1.67 meters tall. Her blonde hair turned white, her skin became brighter, her blue eyes gained a hint of coldness that was not present before, and a pair of incorporeal silver wings emerged on her back.

Xiao Luo, who finally managed to weakly suppress the endless attacks from the forest as for some strange reason he was thankful the number of enemies decreased, gritted his teeth and slashed with his sword towards Eleanora as he noticed the change of aura she underwent.

However, the current Eleanora was not the same as before.

After using Valkyrie Transformation, Eleanora's stats received a boost of over 1500 points each!

"Blazing Sword!" Eleanora raised her heavy sword wrapped in bright flames and without pausing slashed downwards with all her might as if she wanted to destroy the world.

"Water Aura!" Xiao Luo did not dare to underestimate this attack.

BOOOM!!!

The clash between fire and water caused a fierce physical and chemical reaction. 

Part of the forest was destroyed instantly and a large amount of hot steam covered the area.  Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Swoosh!

A silhouette shot backwards from the center of impact, and immediately after that another one chased from behind.

"Little man, I, your mother, really hate big talkers like you!" Eleanora raised her sword once again and with brimming murderous intent discharged a series of 18 continuous slashes on Xiao Luo.

"Fucking bitch...!"

Xiao Luo suffered diverse injuries in the act, but Eleanora did not give him time to rest as like a true valkyrie she unleashed her full wrath on him.

On the other hand, Xian Mei'er was already fighting fiercely against Naomi.

"Tsunami." 

Xian Meier's voice was cold and her eyes even colder as she glared at Naomi. She raised her exquisite right palm to the sky and the dark blue jewel in the scepter of her left hand glittered at her call.

Under Naomi's calm eyes, a wave of over 400 meters appeared behind Xian Mei'er and slammed towards her mercilessly.

The power of this attack alone was already enough to flatten a Third Order soul evolver. After all, a 400-meter-high tsunami carried a truly unparalleled level of destruction behind it. However, the mana and magical power of Xian Mei'er were in the mix so one could only try to imagine how horrible the pressure on Naomi should be at this moment.

The Holy Knight raised her multicolored scepter calmly and said calmly, "Warm Light Barrier."

Unlike Xian Meier's cold voice full of murderous intent, Naomi's voice was far more warm and peaceful.

BOOOOM!!!....

Rumble...

The giant wave mercilessly hit the whole area, particularly focusing on the area where Naomi was and whose silhouette disappeared after being devoured by the fierce waves that came from the impact against the ground.

A few seconds later, Naomi, surrounded by a kind of white-transparent bubble, floated to the top of the terrifying artificial ocean. She looked at the slight frown on Xian Mei'er's face and sighed with a whisper, "Blue Elemental Ruler."

The small blue-colored stone in her magic scepter suddenly flashed, and what happened next shocked Xian Mei'er.

The water that should be under her control suddenly turned against her. Hundreds, thousands, hundreds of thousands, and soon over a million arrows of water broke from the ocean towards her at a speed several times faster than a bullet.

"Ancient Lightning Armor!"

An eruption of golden lightning burst outward from Xian Mei'er, covering her figure completely and guarding her with tight protection.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ...

Naomi watched for a few seconds as thousands and thousands of water arrows exploded and turned into tiny motes of steam after hitting the other party's lightning armor. 

The lightning armor was really powerful, so much so that the endless water arrows met their end without affecting Xian Mei'er that was protected inside at all.

"Sorry..." Naomi sighed softly before whispering, "Yellow Elemental Ruler."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3