Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Wh-what...?" 

Inside the thick lightning armor, an ancient skill that came from an extremely old scroll passed down from ages past, Xian Mei'er expressed her disbelief.

The golden lightning intended to protect her suddenly showed signs of rebellion.

The strangest and most mysterious thing of all was that Xian Mei'er could feel how the rune representing the skill Ancient Lightning Armor was fiercely fighting in her soul as if resisting something unknown.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ...

Water arrows filled with magical power continued to break loose from the waters on land, shooting towards Xian Mei'er who was standing on top of a thick branch.

As the seconds ticked by, Xian Mei'er began to notice that the defensive power of her skill was not only plummeting but the lightning intended to protect her began to slowly but surely burn her skin.

In the end, the severe pain the lightning was causing her forced Xian Mei'er to cancel her skill.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! ...

Xian Mei'er felt her face being cut off by the strong wind approaching as thousands of water arrows flew towards her.

This attack, even if it didn't kill her, would certainly cause injuries which was very, very bad considering the battle against Naomi had just started.

Just when Xian Mei'er seemed to be about to be pierced by the water arrows controlled by Naomi, a silver necklace on her neck released a strong glare that illuminated the entire area in front of her.

Even Naomi was forced to close her eyes against the powerful blaze slightly, and by the time she reopened them she was slightly surprised to find that both the artificial ocean and the lightning she had stolen from her enemy had disappeared without a trace.

"... As expected of a princess." Naomi looked at the now slightly dull silver necklace around Xian Meier's neck and nodded calmly.

It was to be expected that someone as important as Xian Mei'er would have her own life-saving treasures after all.

Xian Mei'er ignored Naomi's comment and set her eyes on the magical scepter she held. Leaving aside the beauty of the magical weapon, what attracted Xian Meier's attention were the two blue and yellow colored stones that were slowly starting to stop glowing.

Even if she wasn't as smart as she was she would definitely be able to add 1+1 and realize that her problems were being caused by that golden-colored magic scepter.

'What to do?' The Seventh Princess ran into a strong wall this time.

Her physical attacks were as good as those of a Second Order soul evolver so it certainly wouldn't be of any use against a mage as powerful as Naomi, one of the two most powerful Holy Knights in the entire Holy Church.

However, what else could she do?

That magic scepter had several jewels, and if each jewel represented an element then there was no way her magic could hurt the other party!

"Seventh Princess Xian Mei'er, you and I have no feud." Naomi sighed and tried to reason with the other party, "Actually, your East Sea and my Holy Church have already agreed to cooperate so you and I should be allies instead of fighting each other."

What she meant was obvious to anyone.

However, Naomi who did not want to kill such a powerful warrior who clearly had no ill intentions towards humanity, underestimated the resolve of the gentle Seventh Princess.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Allies? You are no more than puppets who listen to the words of those so-called Higher Existences that don't even belong to our world." Xian Mei'er scoffed. She pointed out casually, "Naomi Sanchez, you were born and raised believing that your God was the one and only almighty. I won't say anything about your faith because everyone is free to believe and worship whomever they want, but tell me something... How do you feel now that you found out that your so-called almighty God is only one of 8? Not to mention that compared to the true Gods of the universe, he's just one of the bunch!"

Naomi's expression changed slightly upon hearing Xian Mei'er's words.

In fact, those words were like a kick in the thorns that had lately been digging into her ribs. 

She felt that everything she had been told for as long as she could remember was nothing but a lie from the moment she learned the truth.

However...

"At least I'll do my best not to kill you." Naomi shook her head as her body began to get covered with her terrifying glowing magical power.

Just as Xian Mei'er felt her heart clench, a shrill whoosh sounded from the sky.

Naomi abruptly raised her head as a silhouette grew larger and larger in her pupils.

Rumble!!!

Two of the nearest buildings that were engulfed in green vines collapsed as not even protective magic could prevent them from crumbling in the face of the terrifying power of the attack that fell from the sky.

Part of the forest disappeared as countless plants and trees were shattered by the shockwave resulting from the impact, but these slowly began to grow back from the others. 

About 300 meters distance away, Naomi who had used Blink at the last instant, stared with a deep frown at the little figure barely sighable amidst the large cloud of dust and dirt.

"You..." Naomi was surprised to recognize this little figure as she shouldn't be there.

No... What surprised Naomi the most was the aura of the little figure!

Wearing a beautiful white combat dress that increased her Agility aside from granting her basic physical and magical defense, Bai Shilin with her two silver colored gloves and knee-high combat boots of the same color gave little hops in her place as she returned Naomi's gaze.

"Third Order?" Naomi muttered under her breath with her disbelief growing, "When did you evolve?"

According to the information from the Holy Church, Bai Shilin had been stuck at level 100 of the Second Order for practically an entire year. She had always been one of the figures that had been given the most attention because of her background and overwhelming physical power, but after so long of being stuck and with the constant growth of Earth, Bai Shilin was slowly being pushed aside in terms of importance.

However, the silver-haired, black-eyed girl in front of her was definitely a Third Order soul evolver... and judging by her aura she had absolutely surpassed level 150!

"Big Sister Princess, my father said that you should go help Big Sister Yijun." 

The current Bai Shilin, although still little, no longer looked like she was 10 years old.

Her current looked to be approximately 15-16 years old and her body had matured considerably in the chest and back area even though her face was still that of a small infantile loli. 

Xian Mei'er was not surprised because she had seen Bai Shilin in the Collector's Pocket World the past night. However, she was slightly overwhelmed by her voice.

Bai Shilin's voice sounded much more authoritative than before, and a hint of her gentleness had disappeared to become murderous intent that burned brighter and brighter.

"Bai Shilin, beware of this woman. She can wash away your magic power and use hers to take over the elements because of that scepter in her hand." Xian Mei'er quickly revealed all that she had discovered.

"Ok." Bai Shilin nodded indifferently.

Seeing this, Xian Mei'er bit her lower lip and after a moment of hesitation her eyes sparkled with resolution.

Since Bai Zemin sent his precious daughter with such a message then it meant that he was sure that Bai Shilin would be out of danger, no?

"Then, I'll go support Wu Yijun." Xian Mei'er took a last glance at Naomi before dashing off into the distance.

There, a giant tree over 1000 meters tall was fiercely fighting against the Captain of the Holy Knights. 

Although the giant tree showed no signs of retreating and the Holy Knight's slashes disappeared without a trace thanks to its terrifying regeneration, the consumption of Mana was surely terrifying. Xian Mei'er didn't know if Wu Yijun would be able to keep it up considering she was also feeding this entire forest by herself.

Naomi frowned and raised her magic staff with the intention of stopping Xian Mei'er but her heart suddenly trembled as the feeling of death washed over her. 

She did not hesitate to change her actions, and with a wave of her hand, she summoned a silver barrier with golden sparkles in front of her.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

The silver barrier was broken into thousands of pieces when Bai Shilin's small fist struck an instant later. Even so, the magical skill fulfilled its purpose which was to protect Naomi.

Naomi stepped back quickly as white lightning shot out from her magic scepter, however, what happened next almost took her breath away.

Bai Shilin did not shield herself but with indifferent eyes continued to stare into Naomi's blue eyes as her body was struck by the other party's magic lightning.

Rumble...!!!

A large part of the forest burned and the place where Bai Shilin was standing turned white for two or three seconds before returning to normal.

"How can this be possible..." Naomi looked in astonishment at Bai Shilin, who was staring at her with no change in her expression.

Bai Shilin's alluring body was unharmed. Around her figure, the occasional flashes of white lightning crackled with the intention of hurting her but without any success whatsoever.

Naomi could not believe it because although that attack was not nearly her most destructive power, it was definitely not something that could be taken just like that even by a Fourth Order soul evolver!

Actually, even Bai Zemin wasn't sure how powerful the current Bai Shilin was after completing that last absurd evolution requirement that had kept her stuck for so long at the peak of the Second Order.

She, who had spent the most time in the Collector's Pocket World right after Kali with the desire to stay as close to her father as possible, made full use of the time difference between the two sides.

Bai Shilin was a monstrous talent that was born from the records of three of the most terrifying and mysterious soul evolvers since the creation of the universe; Bai Zemin, Shi Lin, and Shangguan Bing Xue. Therefore, with a time difference of 10:1 and under the guidance of Lilith and Fire Sorrow, Bai Shilin's growth could not be imagined.

In fact, in terms of sheer physical power, even Bai Zemin was inferior to Bai Shilin; not even he activating Overlap Regeneration would be able to compare to her.

[Strength: 10900 (+225).]

Ten thousand nine hundred was Bai Shilin's natural Strength, and added to the power of her treasures that number grew to +11000... However, this was without the use of skills!

Bai Shilin's lips curved upward slightly in a particularly tempting smile as a glint of mockery shone in her increasingly silver eyes as her magical power nourished every part of her body.

"My dear father really is the best."

"What?"

Naomi asked dumbfounded at Bai Shilin's words, but the latter ignored her and while looking at the white lightning bolts that didn't cause her the slightest harm she couldn't stop a peculiar sigh from escaping her lips.

Every time Bai Shilin evolved an Order, she automatically received a variant skill of one of Bai Zemin's skills... and upon stepping into the Third Order, the skill Bai Shilin obtained was a variant that was born from the records of the Gravity Manipulation skill that her dear father controlled.

_____________

[Daughter of the Ruler of All Matter (Fourth Order passive skill) level 5: As the daughter of the Ruler, the matter of the universe will always be on your side. Effect: Reduces by 30% the power of enemy physical attacks of all those who do not exceed your level by more than 100. In addition, all magical attacks launched by enemies less than 50 levels above you will be weakened by 70%].

[The effect of the passive skill only lasts for 2 hours after entering combat, and it takes 24 hours for the Daughter of the Ruler of All Matter effect to recharge].

_____________

"Really... the best." Bai Shilin smiled.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3