Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Surprisingly, all Bai Zemin had to do was hold the square tablet while thinking about both skills.

He felt as if something inside him was being forcibly ripped out forcibly which made him frown slightly in discomfort. However, that feeling disappeared as soon as it showed up, just like an illusion.

Fire Sorrow, Lilith, and Shangguan Bing Xue watched the scene in front of them with eyes full of surprise and astonishment.

In the two black holes located side by side in the center of the square tablet, two runes with peculiar patterns appeared after two flashes of light shot out from Bai Zemin's chest.

The rune on the left had several strange engravings that after a second careful look seemed to form the image of a small fist overlapping the ghost of a larger fist. The larger fist gave the feeling of being able to break the confines of spacetime.

The rune on the right was difficult to understand as it was covered in shadows and flashes of silver light, but if one looked closely long enough one would see that amidst the shadows and flashes of silver light, there was a small figure blinking continuously.

"It seems that the skill Shadow Blink is on the verge of reaching its maximum possible stage." Fire Sorrow remarked as she observed the rune on the right attentively.

Bai Zemin nodded, "Shadow Blink is the evolution of a skill that I would never have learned had I not felt the need to do so back then, and I have no regrets since it did save my life on many occasions. Yet, while Shadow Blink is still of much use to me, it will most definitely be no more in the not-so-distant future."

"You already found the universal space law door which means that it's only a matter of time before you'll be able to blink almost freely." Lilith nodded to show her agreement, "I think this is a good heaven-sent opportunity, despite the risk."

"It's either that or having a skill that probably won't be used again after a while." Shangguan Bing Xue commented.

In reality, Shadow Blink was a powerful skill at present thanks to its sudden evolution after Bai Zemin learned more of spatial law coupled with his knowledge of shadows gained when he learned Shadow Control.

But just like Shangguan Bing Xue pointed out together with Lilith, it was only a matter of time before Bai Zemin no longer needed Shadow Blink's existence even if it was tremendously important to him today.

________________

[Shadow Blink ...]

[Second activation (Shadow Realm): Consumes 250 Mana points to submerge the user's body or an object owned by the user in shadows, thus avoiding all physical and magical damage for 2 seconds. Light element attacks inflict 200% more damage while the user is in the shadows].

________________

Not only did the range of the blink increase exponentially along with the evolution of the skill, but it even gained a second activation.

In fact, it was precisely the second activation 'Shadow Realm' that saved Bai Zemin from a lot of trouble while facing the Mana Eater Tree and it was also what allowed him to approach the back of the Corruption Demon Shun without the latter noticing.

'But, if is this...' Bai Zemin's eyes glittered and his heart began to beat faster and faster as he thought about the infinite possibilities that could be born under the fusion of Void Fist and Shadow Blink.

Soon, he stopped hesitating.

The roulette wheel spun, literally.

Even Little Snow paused in the sky as she felt the mix of energies on her back.

Lilith and the others along with Bai Zemin stared at the two runes spinning so fast that even for Fire Sorrow it became impossible to discern what was what.

After about 40 seconds that felt like an eternity, a series of black flashes crackled noisily around the tablet, and under everyone's frightened eyes, countless cracks spread everywhere.

"I-It's going to break...!" Shangguan Bing Xue muttered in shock.

"How can this be possible..." Fire Sorrow watched unable to believe what she was seeing.

Furthermore, Lilith's face was so pale that all the blood on her pretty face seemed to have been drained away.  She couldn't help but feel extremely guilty at the thought of the impending failure that was about to happen. 

She felt that she had ended the future of the one she loves!

'If only I hadn't said those words...!' Lilith felt as if a dagger were being driven into her chest.

If the fusion resulted in a stronger skill then it would be fine, but if the resulting skill was weaker then Bai Zemin would stay in level 100 forever without being able to go beyond the Second Order!

At that moment Lilith felt a hand larger than hers by at least twice holding on to her small hand, and when she looked down noticed the male hand of her partner holding hers reassuringly.

"Zemin, you... I..." 

"It's okay." He affirmed, and after a moment he reaffirmed, "Everything is okay."

Lilith could tell that although his expression was serious he was definitely worried about the results. However, she nodded, and with tears on the verge of falling, she affirmed next to him, "It ain't over till it's over."

The roulette continued to spin faster and faster.

The cracks spread wider and wider until they practically covered the entire stone tablet. 

Even flashes of white lightning could be seen crackling in the center; void lightning that was only born in some spatial cracks and could destroy everything with just a touch.

Fire Sorrow's expression changed when she saw this. Her heart exclaimed, 'Not good!'

She hurriedly used magic to cast a sphere of transparent flames around the stone tablet with the intention of containing the white lightning at least a little.

If the void lightning came out even she would be forced to retreat not to mention the rest of them!

What no one could see was that during the whole process, the object Kali saw in Bai Zemin's soul shone brighter and brighter.

​ That broken and incomplete object was now bigger than before but still tiny, barely comparable to a grain of rice at best. Not only had it become larger but it also seemed to be half-complete, unlike before.

Unfortunately, Kali was not there to witness this event that could clear up countless doubts immediately.

Exactly 20 seconds after the first crack appeared, the tablet exploded in what looked like a thick black cloud.

Not only did the sphere of flames raised by Fire Sorrow fade away but even the void lightning disappeared without a trace.

At a speed even hundreds of times faster than Fire Sorrow's or Lilith's reaction speed, the black cloud shot towards Bai Zemin, covering him completely before disappearing inside his body.

"Uh..." His eyes widened in shock and for a moment he couldn't help but panic in the face of the unknown.

"""Zemin!"""

Three female screams filled with horror and a low howl sounded in the clouds.

None of this was turning out the way they had all expected; not even remotely similar!

Bai Zemin couldn't care about the others temporarily.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Pain.

A lot of pain.

This pain was not physical but came deep from his soul.

'It feels like two claws are trying to tear my spirit in two!' He couldn't even speak as he was forced to focus mentally to bear it.

Were it not for the fact that his physical body had become tremendously powerful previously and were it not for the fact that Bai Zemin had experienced the cruel pain of having his flesh exploding in blood mist tens and hundreds of times he definitely might have lost his senses right there and then.

Fortunately, the torture did not last more than 5 seconds.

Just as Lilith and the others panicked not knowing how to help him, a message flashed in Bai Zemin's eyes.

[Your level is too low, which restricts your soul power].

[You cannot hold two EX grade skills at the same time.]

[An entirely new record that has never existed to this day will be created.]

[You, who have been chosen as the one and only eternal soulmate of the Frozen Sacrilege Succubus, can have up to two subclasses].

[Congratulations!]

[You have acquired the 'Dimensional Shadow Monarch' subclass!]

This was only the beginning of a series of messages from the Soul Record that, oddly enough for Bai Zemin, seemed incredibly joyful.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3