[Congratulations, due to the hidden power of your second subclass, 'Dimensional Shadow Monarch', the manipulation of spatial laws becomes easier]!

[Your understanding of shadows increases tremendously].

[You have received the title Master of Shadows!]

[Master of Shadows: The effect of all shadow-related skills increases by 100% and the cooldown time is halved]

[Your bloodline becomes significantly purer and all of its effects are greatly increased after receiving a glimpse of Godhood].

[The power of your 'Dimensional Shadow Monarch' subclass is too high and breaks the limits of any other subclass. The Dimensional Shadow Monarch's power will be released as your level increases along with your Soul Power because your soul may be permanently damaged due to its current limitations].

[You have learned the skill 'Rending of the Night'].

...

"What did you say?!" 

Fire Sorrow, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Lilith stared at Bai Zemin in shock.

He had already explained to them what had happened, but the three beautiful women were having difficulty adjusting to the suddenly changing reality.

One moment back Bai Zemin seemed to be in trouble and his two skills missed during the fusion, but the next instant he suddenly received such juicy rewards... Even a Higher Existence like Fire Sorrow who thought to have seen everything was astonished beyond words!

After he finished explaining the situation, Shangguan Bing Xue could not help but smile slightly.

Even without her saying anything, everyone could see the pride and happiness in her blue eyes.

This time Lilith found no reason or desire to bother her. At the end of the day, it was true that both the present and the future of Bai Zemin were saved because of her.

Besides, Lilith was more amazed by something else.

"Zemin, you... You said that the power of the skill you were to receive turned out to be too high for your soul to sustain, and therefore the Soul Record created a new record to release the full power of this new skill gradually as you get stronger?"

Bai Zemin nodded and explained, "That's right. My second subclass, Dimensional Shadow Monarch, has only one skill. I guess as my level increases the number of skills or effects will also increase."

"... That sounds more like a class rather than just a subclass." Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but act a bit coquettish as she began to rest her body on Bai Zemin's while taking a deep breath.

Ironies of life... She, who in the past teased Wu Yijun for sucking in Bai Zemin's scent greedily, was now doing the exact same thing.

Bai Zemin smiled wryly and shook his head, but after glancing at Lilith and seeing that she didn't seem annoyed the thought of pushing her back disappeared immediately.

Fire Sorrow hesitated for a long time before saying that she needed to confirm something.

That was the last time the group saw her as Fire Sorrow only returned just a few hours before the group arrived in Europe. However, Fire Sorrow looked at Bai Zemin in a completely different way.

If in the past she looked at him with fondness and affection for the possible reincarnation of her past love, then the current Fire Sorrow looked at him with fondness, affection, and respect.

Although Bai Zemin felt it was a bit strange, he didn't ask questions. Because if Fire Sorrow wanted to or felt it necessary, she would probably be the first to reveal whatever it was she was keeping silent about.

* * *

Back to the present.

Bai Zemin could hear the exclamation of Wu Yijun who was hiding in the forest below. 

He even managed to hear the fear-filled voice of Shangguan Bing Xue who was doing her best to push her speed and get closer, obviously intending to intervene in the fight.

Of course, he heard many more things.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

However, he ignored it all.

As he looked at the crimson light covering his enemy's spear, Bai Zemin faintly wondered what would happen if that attack hit him, and it didn't take him long to reach the conclusion that he already knew in his heart.

'Certain death.' He analyzed with indifference akin to someone talking about day to day life and not the grim reaper right in front of him.

Bai Zemin was strong, so strong that even the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon whose attacks were comparable to that of nuclear bombs was defeated by him in a 1 vs 1 battle on American soil.

Israfel, who was nothing more than a soul evolver of level 250 at most, was naturally unable to compare to the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon not only in terms of destructive power but also in terms of defense not to mention regeneration.

In other words, Bai Zemin would definitely be able to kill the Supreme Pontiff easily in a matter of minutes if they faced each other. 

'But, I can't use Mankind's Pioneer to cancel Soul Manipulation's cooldown in this instance of the game.' Bai Zemin sighed at his own limits.

Even if he was an anomaly he still had limits after all.

To defeat Israfel, the power of Soul Manipulation was necessary. After all, the Supreme Pontiff was not just another soul evolver and his Soul Power was only slightly inferior in purity to Bai Zemin's and was even on the level of Shangguan Bing Xue. 

The problem is... 

'Demon of the Corruption.'

If Bai Zemin used Soul Manipulation in this battle, how was he going to fight an even more terrifying enemy? Therefore, he had to take the risk and draw the Supreme Pontiff into a one-strike battle.

Bai Zemin smiled wryly as he thought in his heart: 'But I didn't expect the Holy Church to have such a weapon in their hands... Really, the difference in birth is just too big after all.'

One was born and raised in an institution that had everything in terms of power, influence, etc.

On the contrary, the other was born into an ordinary family just like 99% of the human population.

To say that this was the ultimate confrontation was not necessarily wrong depending on where one looked at it from. 

"Here it goes!"

Bai Zemin looked at Israfel, who even took the trouble to warn that he was about to attack.

Was it confidence in his attack? Israfel thought that Bai Zemin would definitely not be able to take it? 

Or perhaps, somewhere in the Supreme Pontiff's heart, he wished that Bai Zemin would stop him knowing that what he was doing was not essentially right?

Bai Zemin did not know and did not ask.

With seemingly slow and normal movements, his arms moved forward. 

Annihilation of the Falling Sky surrounded by a kind of black flame moved alongside Bai Zemin's arms, leaving a trail of flame and mist wherever it passed. 

Space twisted slightly around the tip of the spear, and a shadow black as night indistinguishable thanks to the union of both flames plus Dark Mist covered the entire body of the weapon.

'Rending of the Night.'

"Decimation of the Moon!"

Bai Zemin did not call out the name of his skill, but Israfel did.

The voice of the Supreme Pontiff along with the fierce swing of his spear resounded in the sky of Hero City.

The false clouds trembled and the magic circles in a good part of the city turned on as a flash of bright crimson light shot out from the tip of the spear in Israfel's hands.

All the surroundings were tinged with red, particularly the area closest to Israfel; no one could look directly at him because their eyes felt as if they were about to catch fire.

Compared to the fierce attack unleashed by Israfel and his spear, even more fierce to the attack of the three main attack heads of the 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, Bai Zemin's attack was not flashy at all.

He simply stabbed forward and that was it.

Although his figure was enveloped in the characteristic radiance of Overlap Regeneration, Shangguan Bing Xue, as well as Felix, who were approaching from a distance, could not sense the slightest destructive power in his attack.

On one side was an attack that could definitely be capable of decimating the moon as its name stated, and on the other side was an inconspicuous attack with no aura.

"It's over." Mateo Sanches sighed and lowered his sword, "This is pointless."

Wu Yijun whose figure was camouflaged in the forest revealed herself as she inadvertently stopped supplying her Mana to the skill that was hiding her. She stared into the crimson flash of light that had even swallowed Bai Zemin with a pale face as she shook her head, "He... Bai Zemin won't lose no matter what... He won't die!"

The First Holy Knight watched as the flash of crimson light pierced beyond Hero City's false sky, tearing a hole at least 100 meters in diameter in the city's protective barrier and revealing the ocean beyond.

"Destructive power aside, His Majesty's spear has a special characteristic called Absolute Killing Strike.... Even if Bai Zemin runs to the ends of the Earth he would still be hit no matter what."

Wu Yijun's face turned pale as a sheet after hearing the First Knight's words. The sight of huge torrents of water penetrating the barrier through the hole created by the High Pontiff's attack was engraved in her mind.

Even if the barrier was repaired by the magic of the city in less than 2 seconds, the horrifying destructive power of that attack was fully displayed.

Shangguan Bing Xue was also pale but she did not believe that Bai Zemin was dead even for a second. She had seen him get out of situations similar to this at least twice in the past after all.

Of course, Shangguan Bing Xue didn't know that Bai Zemin wasn't using the skill that allowed her to power up his other skills otherwise she wouldn't be so calm.

Saint of the Absolute Felix sighed and shook his head. A glint of regret shone in his eyes.

Though he said nothing, the power behind that attack literally had the potential to destroy an entire world. Had it not been for the fact that they were in a different space inside Hero City, the Earth's spatial barrier would have been shattered when the energy inside Israfel's spear was released.

Furthermore, Felix was a level 400 soul evolver so, unlike Shangguan Bing Xue and the others, he could perceive the surroundings way more clearly.

'Bai Zemin's aura.... vanished.'

Soon, the flash of crimson light that covered the entire sky began to fade as the magical fluttering settled down.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3