Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The object that Bai Zemin took out was actually the small mutated plant that he had found about a week ago in the female dormitory after successfully hunting down the First Order Anti-Magic Zombie.

So far, Bai Zemin was practically 100% sure that this plant was a treasure. However, that small percentage remaining to reach 100% was holding him tightly and he did not dare to eat its fruits. After all, Lilith had already made it clear to him that if it was a harmful mutated plant his body could end up exploding in a mist of blood.

Just imagining the scene made his hair stand on end.

The small mutated plant was still the size of a palm but there was a big difference in its overall appearance. This was because in the past there had been five small green fruits and two slightly bigger red fruits; now, however, there were four green fruits and three red fruits.

During the time of one week, the small mutated plant had been watered by Bai Zemin every day with great care and every time he went to sleep he made sure to leave his backpack near the window at an angle where the moonlight would illuminate it.

During the day, he made sure that the little plant received enough sunlight and also checked periodically to make sure that the holes in the plastic bottle were large enough so that there would be no problems.

Now the time had come to see if his efforts were worthwhile or if they were in fact a total waste of time.

"Lilith, do you think I should use a red one or a green one?" Bai Zemin looked at the plant unsure so he couldn't help but ask the most important question.

"Wh-" Yang Pei seemed to have forgotten the pain he felt when the most beautiful being he had ever seen in his entire life appeared out of nowhere like a ghost. His eyes widened in surprise and his mouth moved as if he wanted to say something but in the end no words came out from inside it.

Lilith didn't even give him a look and directly treated him as if he was even more insignificant than the air that was everywhere. She stood next to Bai Zemin and looked at the mutated plant before looking at him and responding, "I think you should try the red fruit."

Bai Zemin nodded with a frown, "Indeed. I was thinking the same thing as you. If it's something bad, the red fruit will have the worst possible effect... But if it's something good, then it will be my loss since I will have wasted a fully mature fruit."

"Loss and gain go hand in hand just like life and death." Lilith shrugged and pointed. This was an irrefutable truth even before the Soul Record arrived on Earth, but after the arrival of this unknown entity, such truth became much more accentuated and evident.

After listening to Lilith and realizing that they both thought alike, Bai Zemin nodded silently before looking at Yang Pei but seeing his current condition he couldn't help but laugh.

"You seem to have him enchanted even without looking at him, Lilith."

"That's why men are so boring." She rolled her eyes before looking at him with a seemingly shy slight smile and whispered, "But you look interesting to me."

Bai Zemin didn't dare look at her too much at this point. He really couldn't understand how a being could be so seductive with such an elegant body but at the same time have attitudes that a small, immature girl who had not yet been contaminated and corrupted by the outside world would have.

Seizing the opportunity, he took one of the three red fruits carefully before stepping forward and throwing it into Yang Pei's mouth. The young man who was part of the four leaders of the Four Big Boss Camp had not closed his mouth from the moment Lilith had shown herself.

Yang Pei's face changed completely and hurriedly tried to spit out the mutated fruit. But how could Bai Zemin let him do as he pleased? With a strong punch, Yang Pei was forced to swallow the small red fruit along with a few teeth in the process. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"*Cough!* You bastard! *Cough!* *Cough!* What did you feed me?!" Yang Pei coughed fiercely and barked curses. However, suddenly his face turned completely red and his eyes rolled back before he fainted on the spot.

Bai Zemin frowned and when checking he realized that in fact, Yang Pei's temperature had risen and he was now suffering from a high fever.

"And now what's wrong?" Bai Zemin scratched his head at a loss. "His body didn't explode but something good didn't happen either."

"Hehehe~ That's because good always comes hand in hand with bad. Haven't you understood that yet?" Lilith giggled softly and disappeared from sight not before pointing out, "Tomorrow will probably show the effects of the fruit. Look forward to it."

Left alone once again, Bai Zemin sighed and picked up the unconscious body while muttering, "At least he didn't explode in a mist of blood."

* * *

The group continued moving in a southerly direction until dusk, traveling approximately thirty kilometers before stopping as the sun was beginning to set and riding through the night was not a good idea.

Along the way they encountered several obstacles that made the speed of the eight buses and the Dongfang truck extremely slow. After all, all nine were large vehicles so to avoid accidents the drivers had no choice but to exercise caution.

As Luo Cheng pointed out, the Four Big Boss Camp was only twenty kilometers away from this place in a southeasterly direction. Therefore, before starting to move, Bai Zemin and the rest decided to take a proper rest for the night.

Inside a five-story hotel.

Five zombies staggered along the corridor. Their pale faces and white eyes devoid of the sparkle of life along with their blood-stained teeth gave them a grotesque appearance that no one in their right mind would want to approach.

Wu Yijun observed as the five zombies slowly approached and could not help but notice that these creatures seemed to become slower and slower. However, it was not the zombies who became slower; it was she who became faster every time she evolved and absorbed Soul Power from an enemy.

She opened the palm of her delicate hand and looked at the small seeds lying silently before activating her First Order Plant Empowerment skill.

Five small seeds glowed and under her command shot out at full speed, breaking the air that tried to slow them down. Before the five zombies could react, a finger-thick hole appeared in the head of each of them, killing them with ease.

Li Na, Gao Min, and Fan Wu looked at their friend with envious eyes. They too wanted to be able to kill zombies like she did. Too bad, they didn't have the courage to fight.

Within half an hour, the five floors of the hotel were cleared of all standing zombies and the survivors dragged the bodies to the rooms on the top floor before locking the doors firmly from the outside.

Soon, night descended and an important conference was once again underway.