Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Actually, Bai Zemin was not surprised when he managed to change the form of Annihilation of the Falling Sky into a perfect golden-colored set of wings. 

The description of one of the special characteristics of the Soul Armament that had once accompanied the legendary Heavenly Wolf Sirius on his journey to the top was very clear, and it was up to the wielder and its interpretation to limit such a precious effect or exploit such an ability to the fullest.

As long as Bai Zemin had the clear image of the weapon and the weapon's intended effect in his head, Annihilation of the Falling Sky would certainly fulfill his wishes.

This time, Bai Zemin thought of a single united set of two wings that would allow him to move at dizzying speeds to cut his enemies into two halves using the extremely sharp golden feathers.

Effectively, he was not disappointed with the results.

However, what amazed him most was the power of the bronze-colored, old-looking spear in his hands.

'What a terrifying assault power!' Bai Zemin secretly gasped as he watched with feigned indifference the trail of black flames that seemed to split the entire city in two slowly disappearing.

While it was true that this attack carried the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, as well as the 20% increase in power that Crimson Flame granted him and some of the power of Dark Mist that aimed to weaken any kind of enemy attack, Bai Zemin still found it hard to believe the destructive power he could now unleash with a simple stab.

If not for the fact that he was still afraid of affecting his ally he definitely would not have wasted that attack and would have directed it at Corruption Demon Shun!

"What, a normal attack?" Matthew Sanchez shook his head and snorted, "That's impossible. Although that attack from before was indeed not at the level of Decimation of the Moon it definitely had at least 1/5 of the total power of the skill."

"That's the truth though." Bai Zemin didn't explain too much but immediately activated the power of his subclass on the First Knight behind him.

Looking over his shoulder casually, Bai Zemin noticed the slight change in Matthew's expression, which meant that he had definitely just received the message from the Soul Record.

"I'm sorry but the situation is as it is, and while I believe you are a man of your word I cannot risk the safety of those who are important to me."

Matthew stared at the message in front of him which asked if he was willing to be subordinate, and after a slight hesitation he accepted as the last words of the person who raised him echoed in his memory.

Bai Zemin's expression relaxed as he read the message from the Soul Record stating that Matthew Sanchez, a powerful Fourth Order level 212 soul evolver, was now his Loyal Follower who could not betray him.

The four wings behind his back moved slightly, and as he lifted into the sky he commanded in a deep voice: "Bing Xue, Yijun, Matthew... You all take care of those who don't know how to watch obediently from the sides."

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded calmly at his words. She took a step forward, but instead of falling off the building she was standing on she continued to walk through the void like a goddess when an icy small but cold frost came off her boots, forming small steps for her that disappeared after fulfilling their purpose. More terrifying, however, were the hundreds of ice swords that kept growing larger with every step she took.

Wu Yijun jumped down from the shoulder of the giant tree and her gorgeous body disappeared without a trace after she touched the ground. However, the most surprising thing was that the magic forest suddenly grew at surprising speeds and all sorts of smaller trees with unfriendly expressions began to jump over the buildings to stare at everyone with bright green eyes.

Xian Mei'er took a deep breath and raised her sword to the sky. The golden blade glowed with a faint layer of blue light, and from the tip, twelve flashes flew out which in a few blinks turned into twelve terrifying giant water dragons with golden flashes of lightning.

Eleanora soared into the sky using the shapeless wings on her back and an orange-reddish flame ignited on the blade of her heavy sword as she looked at everyone calmly.

Bai Shilin pouted and stomped her feet on the ground in frustration as she realized that she didn't have anything too flashy. Although her appearance was that of a beautiful young lady of 15-16 years old, it had barely been about 1 and a half years since her birth.

Of course, no one would dare to underestimate the little silver-haired princess after seeing how she could easily overpower Naomi in combat.

Indeed, upon seeing such a lineup many hesitated and in the end more than half of them decided to leave peacefully. 

Since the other side did not want to attack them and did not want to fight against them, then it was better to avoid trouble. At the end of the day, they were here for the treasures.

​ However, not everyone felt the same way and some stayed despite the danger. They felt that the best treasures and the best opportunities went hand in hand with danger, and just as birds died for food, a man died for greed.

The expression on Corruption Demon's face changed when he saw everyone moving according to the order given by the young human. Gazing at the ancient-looking spear in his right hand and remembering the terrifying power from before, Shun immediately turned to back away as he was not arrogant enough to think that he could contend against Bai Zemin and his much hated enemy of thousands of years.

However, how could Felix let him go just because Shun wanted to leave?

Even faster than him, when Corruption Demon Shun turned around his expression grew cold as he saw the Saint of the Absolute staring at him with a kind smile.

"Old friend, why don't you stay to dance?"L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Feeling the wind howling as if a whirlwind was charging in his direction, Shun roared as he charged towards his long-hated enemy, "Felix, get the hell out of here!"

Shun's body grew and in an instant, he turned into a little 5-meter-tall giant. His black skin gained a purple tinge and his claws grew so large that if it wasn't for the fact that his gloves seemed to be a treasure or artifact intended for him they would have shattered into pieces.

"I think my karma is pretty good though." Felix didn't make the same mistake that happened in Italy.

His wings flashed and his white sword blazed as his right arm slashed downward.

"Divine Speed."

No one saw clearly what happened but a little sun seemed to grow around the Saint of the Absolute, and before anyone could utter the first letter of the alphabet that little white sun collided with the 5-meter giant cloaked in a dark fog.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!...

"You really are a fucking nuisance!" While Shun didn't step back, his footsteps were certainly halted.

Felix was wrapped in a faint layer of light as he looked at his lifelong enemy calmly, "You and I have fought countless times in the past but neither of us was successful in killing the other... It's time to break it off don't you think?"

Saint of Absolute was not as strong as Demon of Corruption, but Demon of Corruption was not as fast as Saint of Absolute.

Felix was able to use the principle of several light-speed attacks to match Shun's physical power, and Shun had to beware of Felix's overwhelming speed making him unable to let go completely either.

It was at that moment when Bai Zemin arrived while surrounded by that characteristic halo of golden light, and without any hesitation, he stabbed with the Godslayer spear towards Shun's back.

Despite not using any skill other than Overlap Regeneration to push his Strength to the limit, the simple movement of his arms thrusting the Longinus spear was enough to make the space tremble fiercely.

"Bai Zemin, you sneaky rat!!" 

Shun turned and swung fiercely with his fist engulfed in purple flames, clearly fearing the attack of the one he had underestimated in the past.

"You sure like insults uh?" 

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!...

The eyes of the Saint of the Absolute flashed with surprise at the sight of Shun taking two steps back while Bai Zemin stood his ground in the sky.

"Nice!" He couldn't help but laugh out loud and immediately unleashed over a dozen of attacks into the enemy's back.

Bai Zemin didn't stand idly by either as he immediately continued to pressure Shun using martial arts and spear arts, forcing him to retreat little but surely while Felix managed to slowly build up damage.

RUMBLE...!!!

The whole city seemed to rumble and many of the magic circles within 500 kilometers were triggered to prevent the collapse of most of the buildings.

The sky was filled with white, golden, purple, and black lights... Magic and rule-breaking physical attacks shook the clouds as if the end of the world was announcing its beginning.

A soul evolver from Africa sucked in a breath of cold air at the same time as he backed away at top speed: " Holy shit! Those three are real monsters!"

Everyone, including Wu Yijun, was forced to retreat to avoid being seriously injured by the shockwaves that flew everywhere like extremely lethal air cannons.

Only two soul evolvers were able to stand relatively firm in the midst of the fierce storm that lashed half the city from the clouds.

One of them was Shangguan Bing Xue who used ice shields to protect herself.

The other was none other than Bai Shilin.

Only the two of them were able to barely see the full-speed battle raging overhead, but neither had the qualifications to interfere in such a fight for more than a couple of seconds at best.

"Father... So strong..." Bai Shilin's eyes flashed with admiration and longing as she punched her little fist straight up.

BOOOOOOM!!!....

The shockwave capable of destroying an entire human city was nullified as it met the air blast caused by the little Transcendent Princess's fist.

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression was serious. She knew that while Bai Zemin seemed fine he certainly must have consumed a lot of energy to kill Israfel in one blow, particularly Overlap Regeneration which was being pushed to the limit.

She planned to step in when the moment showed up and give him a second to deal the final strike.

'That's my purpose after all.' She thought.

One defending and the other attacking... That's how it should be.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3