Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

There were no weaklings among those present, but as they gazed skyward without even being able to discern very clearly the figure of the three soul evolvers engaged in what had grown into a battle of unprecedented magnitude they could not help but feel small and insignificant.

The magnitude of the events had escalated so high that most soul evolvers who stayed behind with little but not too unclear intentions froze after reaching safe distances.

"This..."

"How can this be possible... I'm a Fourth Order soul evolver but I can barely see blurs every time they move!"

"No no, it's normal for those two to be this strong but the real anomaly here is that guy!"

"R-Right... Saint of the Absolute and Corruption Demon are soul evolvers from past eras with hundreds or even thousands of years of life, but that guy from China isn't even 30 years old..."

"S- Still... That demon named Shun is really powerful, even fighting 2 vs 1 for over 1 hour against those two has managed to hold his own."

All sorts of comments and discussions occurred as the battle in the sky grew hotter and hotter.

Horrifying explosions, shockwaves resulting after the collision of two or more attacks shattering some buildings, flashes of lights sparkling at different points in the sky, spaces of emptiness that expelled even the air from the area every time two weapons collided with each other...

The scene was worthy of a battle between gods and demons for the best movie of the year.

"Meteor Strike!" 

Corruption Demon Shun's roar shook the weaker ones despite the distance.

A moment later, a bright purple flame lit up part of the sky and fell from the clouds as if it wanted to crush the world completely.

Although barely visible due to the golden resplendence enveloping his body, Bai Zemin's silhouette was revealed in the sky as the wings on his back stopped moving at his command.

"Watch out!" Wu Yijun cried out involuntarily as she saw the meteor of flames falling on Bai Zemin but the latter showed no signs of wanting to dodge.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin opened his mouth wide and a beast-like roar came from his throat when it was only a couple of meters before Corruption Demon engulfed in purple flames slammed him in the chest.

Roar!!!

The sky rumbled and the scarce clouds burst open forcefully after being hit by the wave of spiritual magic.

For 0.1 second, the shine in Shun's eyes disappeared after being hit out of nowhere by an attack he had absolutely no knowledge of. By the time he recovered, the first thing he felt was surprise to discover that the enemy he was about to sent to the ground was nowhere to be found anymore, and the second thing he felt was a sharp pang of pain in his back.

Flesh and blood rained down as part of Shun's body was pierced by Bai Zemin's spear, but just as the Corruption Demon howled due to the pain and fury he felt his body was sent flying over 100 meters down after receiving a punch from Bai Zemin directly to the skull.

BOOOOM!!!....

Shun saw stars twinkling in his eyes and for a brief moment, his vision became blurred by the blow he took to the head. However, his instinct and experience as a warrior were present even then therefore he forced himself to wake up with a roar.

Bai Zemin and Felix were going to charge forward to continue their burst of attacks now that Shun's terrifying defense and his flame had finally been pierced but, suddenly, their expressions changed as they saw the purple whirlwind exploding outward with Shun as its center.

Bai Zemin used Overlap Regeneration to increase his Agility and rushed back.

On the other hand, Saint of the Absolute activated one of his skills to boost his movement speed and in the blink of an eye appeared hundreds of meters distance away.

At the same time, all the buildings half a kilometer around Corruption Demon turned into rubble after being hit by the fierce purple whirlwind.

When the purple whirlwind disappeared after a powerful explosion that forced Bai Zemin and the Saint of the Absolute to back away again, the two were shocked when they saw Shun's silhouette disappearing into the distant horizon.

"Fuck!" Bai Zemin cursed angrily before flapping his two pairs of wings and launching himself in pursuit.

Felix was several times faster than Bai Zemin. His body turned into a flash of white light that after a couple of blinks disappeared from everyone's line of sight.

Seeing the three of them disappearing from her line of sight, Shangguan Bing Xue's expression changed repeatedly before she clenched her fists tightly and said against her own will, "Shilin, help mom keep an eye on the bad guys, okay?"

Although Shangguan Bing Xue wanted to join Bai Zemin and support him, there were more than 3 soul evolvers above level 200 in the other group and more than twenty Third Order powerhouses over level 180.

"Mm. Okay, Second Mother." Bai Shilin nodded with a serious expression on her face. She had matured a lot not only physically but also mentally, as she was not a human after all but a hybrid with the records of two completely different races.

Although Wu Yijun could take on a Fourth Order soul evolver and Matthew could probably hold his own against the other two, Eleanora and Xian Mei'er certainly wouldn't be able to fight against more than twenty enemies whose levels were similar or even higher than theirs.

Not to mention the beautiful plant race woman and the other evolvers left but could return at any time.

Therefore, Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Shilin's presence were absolutely necessary to prevent Wu Yijun and the others from falling into danger.

At that moment, Eleanora's aura plummeted and her face turned slightly pale as her hair regained its original golden color, signaling the end of the effect of her Valkyrie Transformation skill.

She secretly gritted her teeth to avoid showing signs of weakness before whispering under her breath, "Angelo, where the hell did you go?"

...

Bai Zemin pushed his speed to the possible limit to chase after Shun who turned and fled when he realized that things didn't look good for him.

Yet, it wasn't enough.

Even with over 14.000 total Agility points, as well as other pieces of equipment or skills that increased his movement speed such as the four wings on his back, Bai Zemin realized that he still wasn't fast enough to close the distance at the speed he would like to.

Rumble....!!!

In the distance, flashes of white and purple-blackish light collided again and again making everything within several kilometers rumble noisily.

Obviously, Felix had already caught up to Shun and currently seemed to be doing his best to restrain him until Bai Zemin arrived on the scene.

"Damn it!" he gritted his teeth and tried to rush even faster.

Bai Zemin followed the trail of magic left behind as well as the sound of explosions closer and closer for about 10 minutes before finally catching sight of two shadows in the distant sky facing each other as one tried to flee and the other tried to restrain.

"You two really are annoying cockroaches!" 

Shun's roar echoed in the scattered clouds as he sensed the aura of Bai Zemin approaching from behind in a rush.

Felix said nothing but his movement speed was as fast as lightning and the speed of his attacks as swift as a flickering flash of light.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

If not for the divine flame on Shun's body, as well as his sturdy physique that seemed to be made of obsidian, the bloody hole on his back and the several cuts on his arms would not be his only wounds after facing Bai Zemin and Felix at the same time.

Felix raised his sword and was about to slash again when the expression on his face suddenly changed. He attacked with even greater ferocity as he shouted in an urgent voice: "Hurry up! We are getting closer to the center of the city!"

The center of the city was the place they could not approach unless they were willing to throw their lives away; these were the words that angel said before they entered Hero City!

Just at that moment, a figure that was inside a building looking for treasure came out upon hearing the commotion and when he looked up at the sky he couldn't help but blink several times before exclaiming in astonishment, "Holy shit, you guys are already fighting?!"

Felix looked at the huge black barrier that seemed to be a space apart from the entire city with a touch of panic, but when he heard that voice he immediately recognized his ally.

"Angelo? Help me stop Shun for a moment!"

Angelo finally noticed the flash of golden light on the horizon, and when he understood the situation he couldn't help but smile bitterly even as he activated several skills and flew into the sky to support the Saint of the Absolute.

Angelo was powerful, but his level was barely 228 and the purity of his Soul Power only allowed him to go head to face against level 300 soul evolvers at most; he certainly wasn't capable of fighting Shun whose level was 400 and whose Soul Power was as pure as his.

'But...' Angelo gritted his teeth and sacrificed his sense of touch, his sense of smell, his sense of taste, and his sense of hearing directly.

Four sacrifices at the same time; four of his five natural senses disappeared in an instant. This was the first time Angelo made such a high sacrifice since the only thing he had left now was his sight.

However, the results were stunning to say the least.

Felix's expression changed tremendously and without a second thought he abandoned his assault to retreat in a hurry.

Shun's expression was one of disbelief as he could not accept the fact that an insignificant ant suddenly seemed to evolve into a powerful dragon capable of threatening his life.

"Infinite Edge! Sunlight Flash!" Angelo raised his silver sword with both hands and with a fierce expression slashed with all his might.

The blade of his sword seemed to grow to the infinite and at a speed in no way inferior to Felix's attacks he slashed down on Shun's body.

Corruption Demon barely had time to move slightly to the side but failed to completely avoid the damage as his entire right arm from the elbow down was cut clean off by Angelo's attack and not just that but even his leg fell from the sky spurting large amounts of dark blood.

"Son of a bitch!!" Shun howled in pain but pushed his speed to keep flying towards his only hope at this point.

If it wasn't for his Heaven-Devouring Flame protecting him and absorbing a large portion of the damage he took, Shun was sure that half of his body would have been severed just like that!

Felix couldn't believe what he was seeing and even Bai Zemin from the distance was astonished as he didn't expect something like that at all. However, in the next instant, the two realized that the price Angelo paid was not low.

Angelo's body froze before plummeting to the ground. Strangely, not only was there no trace of mana in his body but for an instant, it looked as if he had lost a few levels.

"Felix, help Angelo and get back to support the rest of our team!"

Felix didn't have time to ask what he meant by those words because when he turned around again he saw Corruption Demon disappearing beyond the curtain in the center of Hero City followed seconds later by a flash of golden light that sank deep into the darkness.

"This guy is too reckless!"

Felix gritted his teeth as he moved like white lightning to hold Angelo's unconscious body, and after a long, deep look at the center of the city, he darted south to go back the way he came.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3