Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin felt awkward just stepping onto the first of the seven levels of the steps.

He felt a kind of strange pressure that he had never felt before, but somehow it wasn't particularly unfamiliar to him either.

'Could it be that this was how Eventide World's soul evolvers felt the moment they walked up the ten thousand steps of the Stairway to Heaven?' Bai Zemin secretly gritted his teeth and kept trying to move forward with great difficulty.

Back at the Stairway to Heaven in the world dungeon that had been formed with the excess mana back in the time Eventide World evolved, Bai Zemin didn't feel anything at all regardless of whether it was step number 1 or step number 9999. 

However, his current situation was completely different.

'I feel as if my soul has suddenly become a tangible and reachable thing. It's as if someone had thrown a car at me.' Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and took the second step, finally standing firmly on the first of the seven levels.

Bai Zemin took two full minutes before taking the next step forward.

Bang!

His pupils trembled slightly as he felt his soul tremble heavily. The weight he felt in his spirit grew terribly to a point where it was simply meaningless compared to the first step.

Five minutes later, Bai Zemin finally had his two feet on the second step.

'This... could be dangerous.' Bai Zemin began to sweat as he looked at the next five levels waiting for him above.

After a good thirty minutes, Bai Zemin finally found himself on the 3rd level. However, his situation was not good at all.

His whole body was trembling slightly and his face was bathed in sweat. In addition, a thin trickle of red blood with small golden sparkles slipped silently from the corner of his mouth and dripped onto his armor.

An hour later, Bai Zemin reached the 4th level. 

He needed so much time to be able to adjust a little to the tremendous pressure he felt in his soul.

Bang!!!

Bai Zemin's eyes widened as he felt as if someone swung a fierce, multi-ton hammer blow directly at his spirit.

His mouth opened against his own will as he coughed up a mouthful of fresh blood, staining the white marble step partially red.

Bai Zemin couldn't help but want to curse, but when he opened his mouth he immediately shut it.

'I need to save energy... This damn thing...' Bai Zemin stared at the scepter and throne no more than a few steps away, feeling the pressure released by both artifacts in a way he had never felt anything in his life.

Two hours later, Bai Zemin reached the fifth level.

This time, the consequence was not something as simple as coughing up blood.

Boom!

His soul suffered damage, he could say it even without knowing how bad it was.

His eyes widened in shock as the skin on his body broke out, causing his blood to run freely from the fifth step to the first.

'Not good...' Bai Zemin finally felt a hint of fear as he realized that not only was he not getting used to the pressure, but with each passing second he was getting even weaker.

The problem was that even if he quit here and turned to leave he had no idea how to get out of this place!

The teleportation title didn't work, and worst of all, it hadn't even been a year since he opened the portal to another world, so escape wasn't an option!

Bai Zemin did the only thing he could do and advanced, but when his right foot touched the sixth step he couldn't help but open his mouth and howl to the sky in pain.

Something had broken there, he felt it this time.

His muscles exploded and more blood flew out of his body as he crawled up to the sixth level.

If that thing that had broken before was a crack, Bai Zemin was 100% sure that it had turned into a hole when his whole body landed on the second-to-last step. 

He had experienced all kinds of pain, from cuts and burns on his flesh to punches and hammer blows that turned his bones to dust. Bai Zemin had even felt the pain of having his body blown up several times to make his flesh stronger.

However, this was at a level that was simply unbearable!

It wasn't about his body... The real problem was his spirit on the verge of collapse!

This had nothing to do with levels, Orders, or Soul Power; this was purely an assault aimed at destroying his spirit completely!

Bai Zemin was in so much pain that, unbeknownst to him, a badly wounded silhouette emerged from a spatial rift and appeared right in the center of the throne room.

"That bloody bitch from the Demonic Army-" The beautiful blonde-haired woman had barely appeared when suddenly a purple lightning bolt pierced down from the roof of the palace without damaging it at all and struck her directly in her soul.

The beautiful woman roared skyward with so much force that the entire palace shook for a moment. Golden scales appeared on her body, revealing that her deepest records were definitely not of a human but of the dragon race.

"Hahaha!" After the initial pain, the beautiful woman laughed as her levels plummeted and the wounds on her body worsened along with her increasing weakening.

The beautiful woman's level quickly dropped from 590 to 540 and continued to drop with each passing second. It probably wouldn't be long before she became a Lower Existence, but she would definitely be able to endure at least two more minutes.

"More than enough time." The female dragon's eyes flashed with murderous intent as she stared perplexedly at the scene in front of her before bursting into laughter, "Well! Looks like fate is in favor of our Dragon God Realm after all!"

The badly wounded woman with a missing arm raised the dagger in her hand and pointed it at the back of Bai Zemin, who was standing on the sixth step without moving at all.

A bright golden lightning flash illuminated the entire throne room, and the smile on her face widened.

Although her level had dropped, that attack was enough to critically damage a Fifth Order soul evolver not to mention a clueless Second Order human.

However, when the blinding flash disappeared, the smile on the beautiful woman's face froze and her eyes widened involuntarily.

"Who the hell-" The woman shook her head and raised her dagger again, "It doesn't matter. You can go to hell too!"

Since she was destined to fall and die then the beauty of the dragon race had no reason to hold back or show mercy! 

In fact, if it weren't for the fact that she was specialized in assassination and therefore her attacks weren't particularly destructive she would have torn this whole place apart directly!

Right behind Bai Zemin, a blue-eyed beauty with a grave expression turned abruptly and stabbed Bai Zemin's leg directly where there was no armor to avoid hindering movement.

"Mind Refresh!"

Bai Zemin's eyes widened in shock and the pain he felt in the back of his right knee woke him up completely.

"What the-"

Rumble...

The surroundings trembled slightly and Bai Zemin's vision was dyed golden. At the same time, a cute but urgent voice sounded from behind him.

"Wake up already!"

Spiritual attack! 

Bai Zemin trembled in terror as those two words automatically appeared in his head and, looking sideways, he confirmed it when he noticed that the brightness of his Spiritual Earring had completely faded, signaling that the 3 uses had already been expended without him knowing it!

Even with the strength of his soul and the ever-active passive effect of Immovable Heart he got taken down so easily... Bai Zemin took one last glance at the two artifacts in front of him and his pupils trembled with fear before turning to face the situation.

"What the hell is that shield?!"

The first thing Bai Zemin heard was the incredulous exclamation of a woman standing more than 20 meters away, and before he could get too much of a glimpse of the person who had clearly protected him, she spoke.

"My treasure won't hold out for much longer!"

It was then that Bai Zemin saw a small round silver-colored shield with a green jewel in the center.

It was precisely that shield, or rather, the thin layer of pale green light coming out of the jewel the reason why Bai Zemin and the mysterious female were alive after two attacks in a row from a Higher Existence.

"Demi-god grade treasure?" The female dragon's disbelieving voice echoed inside the hall as a flash of anger shone in her golden eyes, "It doesn't matter if it's Demi-god or not. You can both go to hell in any case!"

Dozens of purple lightning bolts fell from the sky, striking the female dragon's body again and again. Her level plummeted a lot faster than before, and for every second that passed she was losing colossal amounts of records to the point where she started to fall more than 10 levels per second.

However, she only needed an instant to open her mouth and expel a huge storm of white lightning.

Bai Zemin's Predicted Danger Sense skill soared to a level it had never reached before.

For the first time, Bai Zemin saw his own death.

It could not be dodged or blocked... only death.

In past activations of the passive skill since its evolution, Bai Zemin would see himself slightly wounded, suffering medium wounds, or serious ones at worst. However, this was the first time in that brief split second his brain sent the images and feeling of death.

"It's okay, my treasure can-"

Bai Zemin did not listen to the words of the beautiful woman whose identity was a mystery but grabbed her by the arm and jumped backwards at lightning speed, bringing her with him to the seventh step where the throne and the silver scepter were.

His movement was so fast that from the time the dragon woman spat out the white lightning until Bai Zemin carried the blue-eyed woman to the seventh step from the sixth step, not even one second had passed.

The beautiful blue-eyed woman was about to say something when her expression froze as she saw the energy in her shield being devoured in the blink of an eye. Under her wide shocked eyes, the shield was struck again and again by dozens of white lightning bolts to the point where it gradually began to show signs of breaking.

"Impossible!" She exclaimed in shock.

Even if the other party was a high-level Higher Existence, that shield was a Legend grade treasure whose only special ability was to withstand even up to an attack from an 800th level soul evolver!

Seeing the light of her most valuable defensive treasure gradually fading more and more, she felt as if her heart was being stabbed by a dagger repeatedly.

"Impossible?" The female dragon fell to one knee growing weaker and weaker with signs of wrinkles on her no-longer-beautiful face. She snorted and scoffed mercilessly, "In this universe there is nothing that the void lightning cannot swallow or destroy. But don't worry, little human beauty, you'll soon be able to feel it in the flesh."𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Bai Zemin stepped back quickly, and before he knew it his legs stumbled in such a way that he ended up falling sitting on the throne with the unknown woman falling into his lap directly.

Suddenly, a strange energy shot out from the throne and covered both Bai Zemin and the woman.

An instant later, Bai Zemin felt a foreign connection with the throne and before he knew it all his wounds healed in a jiffy; even his left half arm that he lost during his battle against the Supreme Pontiff grew back!

Before Bai Zemin or the woman who was still lamenting over her shield could do or think of anything, the white lightning finally reached them. It only took half a fraction of a second more for the white dragon-shaped lightning to swallow them whole, but just at that moment, something amazing happened.

Some of the runes on the throne glowed, and immediately afterwards a pale white barrier appeared around them.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ...

No matter how fierce the void lightning was, it could not break through the throne's defense.

"How could this be possible..." The eyes of the now elder of the dragon race widened before shouting like a lunatic, "Impossible! This is impossible! There is no defense that void lightning can't break through!"

However, the reality was right before her eyes for her to see.

Frightened, she checked her level and, when she saw that she only had 60 levels left before she fell to a Lower Existence and turned to ashes, she finally felt real panic.

It wasn't panic to die, there weren't many but there was no lack of soul evolvers willing to sacrifice themselves for their faction.

What she felt was fear of failure and dying for nothing!

It was then that an idea flashed in her mind at the last second.

"Since you like living like turtles so much then you can stay in your shell all your life!" She charged forward and with a swing of her dagger opened a crack in the space behind the throne before expelling a flare of golden fire.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Rumble...!

The palace trembled as the dragon's breath and white lightning sent the throne flying backward.

Bai Zemin's pupils contracted fiercely as he saw that although the throne was undamaged and the protective barrier was still intact, the spatial crack awaited him just behind it!

Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do about it so, in less than a blink of an eye, both he and the blue-eyed woman as well as the throne were swallowed by the crack that as quickly as it opened closed.

"Haha... hahaha!"

The Dragon God Realm female laughed out loud as she saw that she succeeded, but her laughter suddenly froze when she saw the silver scepter floating right in front of her.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh ...

Two pairs of silver chains came out of the scepter, and before the Higher Existence could say anything she found herself encircled and enclosed by the chains.

"No... No!" She struggled unsuccessfully as even the terrifying void lightning was totally ineffective against the silver chains, "This is.... This scepter is-!"

The silver chains contracted back and before she could finish her words she was devoured and her existence erased without a trace.

After a few seconds, the scepter released a brilliant silver blaze an instant after it caught the female dragon and the void lightning whose destructive power was second to none was extinguished in a flash.

Although Bai Zemin and the blue-eyed woman did not attack at all, the attacks of the female dragon and the ferocity of the void lightning should have destroyed practically the entire throne hall.... But not even a speck of dust was there.

Soon, the throne room regained its silence and calm.

Nothing had changed, except that the throne on the seventh level was nowhere to be seen.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3