Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin had been involved with space situations repeatedly.

Leaving aside the use of Shadow Blink hundreds of times, whose ability was related to teleportation, Bai Zemin went through a space crack to reach Oblon World and also went through a portal to reach Eventide World.

In addition, he had also recently acquired some knowledge and a hint of mastery over the law of space.

However, it wasn't until today, at this very moment, that Bai Zemin realized that his past experiences were nothing compared to the true terror of space.

'That damn crazy bitch opened a spatial crack to nowhere in particular, which means there is no stable route at all.' Protected by the translucent-white barrier of the Throne of Creation, Bai Zemin tried to remain calm as he surveyed his surroundings with a deathly cold expression.

Losing his temper in crisis situations was something Bai Zemin always tried to avoid even if he needed to do the impossible. This was because once he lost his composure and his reasoning disappeared, it would be incredibly difficult for him to find potential ways out of the bitter situation.

Still, it was not easy to keep his cool under such circumstances.

Everything around him seemed to be surrounded by a thick black blanket with shades of dark purple. The darkness was so, so deep that even shadows could not exist there because of the absolute lack of light.

Occasionally, white lightning flashed, void lightning, but even with their destructive power they were still unable to break through the barrier of space and cause disasters on other worlds.

'The Throne of Chaos moves but does nothing but follow the flow of space...' Bai Zemin frowned tightly as he realized that not only could he not control the throne he was sitting on, but he didn't even have the slightest idea how to get out of there.

"W-What are we supposed to do now?"Â 

A soft, low, and surprisingly calming voice quickly drew Bai Zemin's eyes to his lap.

It was only then that he remembered this woman.

His black eyes met her deep blue eyes and he couldn't help but compare her eyes to Shangguan Bing Xue's light blue eyes.

The woman's identity was naturally Khristina, the beauty belonging to the Russian faction and whose camouflage skill was strong enough to evade the detection of Higher Existences.

She stared at Bai Zemin, holding his gaze firmly.

However, only she knew how nervous she was in her heart and even now Khristina herself was wondering why she did what she did.

"... Hard to decide or be able to do anything." Bai Zemin finally sighed after almost a minute of silence.

He noticed how the face of the beautiful woman in front of him turned slightly pale but maybe it was just an illusion of his.Â 

'Her skin is even paler than Bing Xue's.' Bai Zemin thought silently as he frowned again trying to think of a way out.

The identity of the woman sitting on the throne with him was not important right now. What was important was that she saved his life, so regardless of whether she did it with the intention of getting something from him or not, what was certain was that the odds of her wanting to hurt him were not high.

Not temporarily, at least.

'The power of my title King won't work here since we're not even on Earth... The effect of my title Irregular still needs about 1 more month before it becomes active again... My knowledge and ability on the law of space is as pitiful as the light of a firefly under the circumstances...''Â 

Bai Zemin wracked his brain in thought for a long time, but regardless of whether it was skills or something else, nothing he had was of any use to help him out of this problem.

'Will I have to wait 1 whole month here?' Bai Zemin gritted his teeth in anger at the thought.

A lot could change in a month, and while he could go to the Collector's Pocket World to train for 10 months his fear was what might happen at home in the meantime.

Suddenly, the Throne of Creation stopped; it no longer moved.

Although Bai Zemin and Khristina could not see anything of their surroundings, sensing movement was something they were still capable of.

"... What's wrong?" Khristina frowned as she suddenly looked in a particular direction.

In reality, she was even more skilled than Bai Zemin when it came to spatial law as she had several skills related to that law in particular. However, it was still impossible for her to open a spatial rift at will to take them home so her hands were also tied.

Still, feeling slight changes was possible for her.

Bai Zemin also frowned as he stared in the same direction she was looking.Â 

Suddenly, the Throne of Creation shot out towards that particular place at lightning speed.

Bai Zemin's face turned slightly pale as his eyes managed to see in the midst of the terrifying darkness something similar to a vortex formed by a purple and gray mist. Unfortunately, he could do little more than watch as the Throne of Creation rushed into that place in the blink of an eye.

Approximately 10 minutes later, a spatial rift opened up not far from the spatial zone where Bai Zemin had been before and a woman with an anxious expression on her otherworldly face stepped forward.

Void lightning immediately assaulted her as the spatial rift closed behind her, as if they wanted to show their frustration at not being able to break through the barrier of the Throne of Creation.

However, she completely ignored the terrifying void lightning as when she was about to be hit a blood-red barrier appeared around her, protecting her and repelling the white lightnings.

This woman was precisely Lilith, who had been pushed millions of miles away from Earth after almost killing the female dragon of the Dragon God Realm.

She never thought that the other party would even sacrifice a Demi-god treasure to force her into a space crack!

Lilith, with a pale face, looked at her surroundings with lingering fear in her beautiful ruby eyes.

"He's alive... Thank heavens..." Lilith almost collapsed as she whispered weakly while darting in a particular direction.

Only she knew how terrified she had been before.

She pushed her speed to return as soon as possible to the point where more than 3/4 of her vast Mana reserve had been consumed in a jiffy and even risked damaging her soul in the process.Â 

If anything were to happen to Bai Zemin, Lilith would probably not have been able to overcome the loss in any way.

After a few minutes, her steps stopped dead in their tracks as she stared at the purple mist in front of her with a puzzled expression.

"... What is this?" she tried to cut there and open a crack, but to her surprise, it didn't work.

Suddenly, however, her expression changed slightly as a thought flashed in her heart and a mysterious glint shone in her eyes as she quickly took a lotus position in the middle of nowhere before pulling something out of her chest.

* * *

[???????]

...

"W-What..."Â 

Khristina and Bai Zemin exchanged glances subconsciously, and seeing the shocked expression in each other's eyes confirmed that they both received the same notifications from the Soul Record.

When Bai Zemin looked down from the sky, however, his face turned pale and he felt a shock as big as if someone had hit him with a hammer in the middle of his head.

"Th-this is..."Â 

Khristina frowned slightly as she realized that, strange as it seemed, the man occupying the main position on the Throne of Creation seemed more frightened and shocked by what lay beneath him rather than by the Soul Record messages.

As she looked down, her confusion only grew when she saw what she saw.

All Khristina saw there were buildings that appeared to be in the same modern style as those on Earth, a vast expanse of land with clean, beautifully constructed roads with flowers on the sides, and many young people walking everywhere or riding bicycles to get around at a faster pace.

It looked like an ordinary school.

If not for the fact that she was floating in the sky sitting on a mysterious throne, Khristina might even have thought that everything she had experienced during the past two years had been nothing but an illusion since even the sky was blue and the sun was bright yellow.

After a long time, Bai Zemin muttered with wide eyes, "This is...university..."

Khristina looked at him, still confused. But his next words chilled her blood as she finally realized that their arrival at this place definitely could not be a coincidence.

"Beijing University!" Bai Zemin sounded absolutely certain as he blurted out those two words.

"What?!" Khristina stared at him in disbelief before turning to look down.

She did not know what the prestigious Beijing University looked like since she never had the need to go there, but she firmly believed that Bai Zemin, who had been a student at that institution, would not be confused.

"Lin Mao... Xie Yang... Shen He Hu... Hou Yun... "

Bai Zemin looked down and with his high-level soul evolver eyes he could clearly see more than 10 acquaintances in the crowd.

"All of them were eaten by the zombies."

Khristina frowned slightly, and after calming down enough, she said something that raised alarm bells in Bai Zemin's head.

"Hey... If we're in another dimension and this is a parallel Earth to ours... could it be that an alternate version of us does exist here?"

It was then that Bai Zemin thought about his evolution requirements.

[You have arrived in a world where the power of the Soul Record has not been extended.]

[This world is in a different dimension where the Soul Record does not exist.]

[Because this is an unevolved world, as well as the dimensional difference, the spacetime difference makes the timeline here 1:30 in comparison to the dimension of origin.]

Indeed, when Bai Zemin paid full attention to the notifications he had received earlier and added it to the words of the woman sitting on his lap, as well as the view in front of him...

'If there really is a different version of me here... Will I be able to end his life just like that?' Bai Zemin hesitated in his heart.

Bing Xue, Yijun, Chen He... All of them surely existed here.

'But, for all of them, I do not exist and the Bai Zemin of this Earth is surely just another student among so many.' Bai Zemin didn't know why but he felt extremely complicated in his heart the more he thought.Geett the lð’‚test ð’ð’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

* * * * * * *

Title of the chapter ----> Reaching another dimension: Parallel Earth!

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3