Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

While Bai Zemin thought deeply about his next action, Khristina was not much different.

After a long time and a great deal of consideration, she opened her mouth and said with some hesitation in her tone of voice, "Do you think the time difference in this place is 30 hours equaling 1 of our world... or is it 30 days equaling 1 day...?"

Bai Zemin's expression changed just slightly as he had thought about it too.

The time difference was hours? Days? Months? Years? The Soul Record's notification had not been particularly clear. 

"It's probably days." Bai Zemin said without being too sure himself, "Our Earth is a world that evolved three times, right? On the other hand, this Earth did not evolve even once... Assuming that the solar system did not expand at all and considering that our days and nights are unique to the sun and moon, I don't think the difference between two solar systems, one of them being at least ten times larger than the other, is only a few hours to complete a lunar and solar cycle."

Khristina looked at him in silence for a long time before closing her eyes and sighing with complicated emotions.

"You really are very brilliant."

At her apparent praise, Bai Zemin remained indifferent and shrugged, "Isn't it just common sense?"

"Not everyone can keep calm, use common sense, and draw a solid conclusion in this kind of circumstance." Khristina shook her head before standing up. She looked at him from the small platform of the Throne of Creation and said calmly, "Since we probably have a few days on this world before we find a way back I'd like to visit my homeland."

"About that..." Bai Zemin frowned at her words and quickly shook his head, "I'm sorry but I don't think that's a good idea.

"We will meet here in exactly 30 days from now, same hour." Khristina continued, "I don't think you'll be able to find a way to get back in such a short time, right? In this unevolved world, only nuclear weapons would represent a danger to us so there is no need to be overly apprehensive."

Bai Zemin looked at her silently, so she continued to press a little harder this time being completely honest with her feelings.

"Just like you probably have things you'd like to change in some way or another, I also have some things I'd like to be a little different... Even if it's just a dimension that doesn't belong to me." She smiled with some hidden sadness and with her eyes closed.

After much consideration and thinking to himself, Bai Zemin nodded: "Ok. Thirty days... Also, try not to get deeply involved as far as possible. We don't know what effect it may bring us after all."

"Of course." Khristina nodded, and after staring at him in silence for a good five seconds, she smiled slightly.

Bai Zemin watched with a thoughtful expression as she fell from the sky without being restrained by the barrier of the Throne of Creation, disappearing not long after without any of the thousands of students in the vicinity seeing even a trace of her shadow.

He wasn't stupid, otherwise he wouldn't be in the position he was in and wouldn't have the power he had despite his young age. 

"Let's hope it's not what I'm thinking, otherwise..." Bai Zemin smiled bitterly before shaking his head.

After a moment of silence and as he watched the sea of students smiling and chatting happily making full use of their youth, Bai Zemin couldn't help but realize how much he had changed in such a short time.

Before the Soul Record came to Earth he was no different from any of them. Not in essence, at least.

However, as Bai Zemin watched the happy and innocent expressions on the faces of the young people in love or planning what to do later in the evening he simply couldn't help but feel like an old man watching little kids.

Of course, he was not judging them since their circumstances and his were completely different. He simply realized that, in the event of this world evolving just like his Earth, most of those smiling couples and warm-blooded friends wouldn't think twice before abandoning the other to run a second ahead.

"Whatever the case may be, they have nothing to do with me." 

Besides, these people would probably never have to worry because the Soul Record didn't exist in this dimension.

Bai Zemin was about to take out the items he obtained after defeating and killing the Supreme Pontiff in combat when he suddenly felt a strong pressure in his chest that made him feel suffocated.

His body felt slightly weak and his head swayed to the point where the back of his neck hit the support of the Throne of Creation.

That uncomfortable feeling was only there for a tiny millisecond, but when Bai Zemin regained his composure his eyes trembled in shock.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

With a slightly pale face, he quickly called up his status window and observed his stats.

Strength, Agility, Stamina, Magic, Mana, Health... They were all still the same, unchanged at all.

However, Bai Zemin looked at his seventh stat with bloodshot eyes as he couldn't believe what he was seeing.

[Spiritual Power: 19]

Nineteen... 

His Spiritual Power had grown out of nowhere! And it hadn't been just 1 or 2 points but more than a dozen points!

"Ah!"

"Help!"

"W-What is this thing?!"

"No!"

"Get the fuck away from me!"

"Monster!"

...

Bai Zemin's face turned even paler as more than 70 meters below the place where he was floating invisible thanks to the Throne of Creation, chaos began to rise up.

His face was pale not from fear but from the strong shock he was feeling as he slowly stood up from his seat and looked down in disbelief.

"How... How can this be possible..."

Below, on the campus, everywhere, students were running around in a disorderly manner as they tried to run away from other students who were slowly staggering towards them with dead expressions on their faces.

Although the students with dead expressions on their faces were extremely slow, like turtles, their numbers were overwhelming. Many terrified students were enclosed by several of those creatures and then bitten, thrown to the ground, and subsequently devoured while they writhed in pain.

"Wasn't this world supposed to have no Soul Record?" Bai Zemin watched wide-eyed as one of the bitten students stood up and joined the growing army of zombies. "This is practically the same thing that happened on Earth!"

No notifications, no warnings, no mana...

Even so, the existence of the zombies was undeniable because Bai Zemin was seeing them with his own eyes and feeling them with his own spirit.

"Wait. Right... Spirit Power!" Bai Zemin looked at his now nineteen points with a serious expression as he thought aloud, "Spiritual Power is another sort of energy different from Mana but still a magical energy... Thinking of it that way it's no wonder some students turned into zombies.... but that doesn't explain where that Spirit Power came from..."

What was happening was too strange and mysterious, but Bai Zemin knew that even if he could draw a conclusion or two he definitely wouldn't be able to get answers just by looking from the heights.

After thinking about it for a moment, his expression became indifferent as he finally made his decision.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin's body flashed and in the next instant disappeared from the sky, appearing in a flash on the ground.

A beautiful blonde with American looks and a great body was running from the pursuit of a group of 15 zombies when she saw an extremely handsome man wearing armor, a cape, boots, and holding a spear in the middle of the chaotic campus.

If she had seen a person wearing such clothing in broad daylight 5 minutes ago she would have definitely run away regardless of how handsome he was, but in this kind of circumstance, the foreign exchange student felt that the young man's ice-cold black eyes gave her confidence and security.

"Help me! I beg you!"

Bai Zemin ignored the beauty running towards him but instead looked at the group of fifteen zombies with indifference. Although he could kill such creatures with a snort, Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and silently activated Blood Manipulation.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! ...

The bodies of the fifteen zombies exploded practically all at the same time.

Hot blood and pieces of broken flesh, as well as white bone fragments, flew everywhere in a disorderly fashion, with mostly hot blood staining the already terrifying scenery in red.

The foreign beauty fell to the ground when she happened to see this scene. Her already pale face turned even paler and her mouth trembled with the same ferocity as her heart as she realized that her previous guess turned out to be more than correct.

"No records... But, no mana regeneration?" Bai Zemin frowned slightly as he looked at the missing Mana point but he quickly eased up. He wiped off the bloodstain that had fallen on his face indifferently as he muttered with a nod, " Right. There's no mana at all here."

Bai Zemin remembered that not only there was no Soul Record in this place but he personally could not feel the slightest ounce of mana since he arrived in this dimension.

The beautiful exchange student's eyes met Bai Zemin's ice-cold black eyes for a moment, but even before she could utter a letter she was shocked and startled to realize that he was nowhere to be found.

Realizing what had happened, the beauty quickly stood up to run away from the other zombies while desperately searching for that mysterious person she had already automatically identified as a god, "W-Wait! Don't leave me!"

Of course, Bai Zemin had already left the area and was minutes away from that place, although with his speed, crossing such a distance took no more than the blink of an eye.

His goal was not to save anyone, as this was not his world and he firmly believed that getting too involved would eventually end up affecting his karma. After all, Bai Zemin shouldn't exist in these people's lives and he didn't want to affect too much the path each of them was destined to walk.

Where was Bai Zemin at present? Male dormitory!

He looked around the small decorated room with some basketball posters and raised an eyebrow.

"Interesting." He nodded as he took a few steps looking carefully at the unfamiliar room, "It seems that this Bai Zemin shares little more than the same name with me. Our personalities differ, and apparently, our tastes do as well."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3