Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin looked at the beautiful American woman in front of him curiously as she walked closer.

'This woman was among the students we saved back then?' Bai Zemin frowned in his heart but on the surface, his expression remained the same: 'I know that in a prestigious university like Beijing University, it is not uncommon to have students from abroad but I don't remember such a face...'

Though on second consideration, Bai Zemin realized that even if he had crossed paths with her he probably never paid attention to it since he simply didn't have a reason to do so.

She might even be a being who for different reasons was not born or made different choices in Bai Zemin's dimension... He reminded himself that this was not his place, and thus it would be good to put his knowledge of Earth aside a bit in certain cases.

"This..."

What brought Bai Zemin out of his inner thoughts was a rather beautiful voice, but what surprised him most was the excellent pronunciation and tone of voice easily mistaken for that of a native speaker from China.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"I-"

"No need to thank me." Bai Zemin interrupted.

"Ah..." Sylvia subconsciously lowered her head as if fearful that she had offended him.

Although Bai Zemin was probably younger than the beauty in front of him, the number of things he had seen and experienced were simply unparalleled in comparison. Therefore, it was not a challenge for him to understand her mood and thoughts partially just based on her gestures and expressions.

"It was only a small group of three zombies at most, wasn't it? It's not a big deal. Besides, after killing those zombies I was forced to run away and leave you behind so, you don't owe me anything at all." Bai Zemin smiled slightly as he looked the woman named Sylvia in the eyes.

"Three at the most..." Sylvia muttered to herself but suddenly understood what was going on. She quickly nodded and feigned ignorance as she immediately said, "Y-Yes... B-But, still. I wanted to thank you for helping me back then. E-Even if you had to leave the place after that..."

Bai Zemin smiled slightly and nodded appreciatively as he silently thought, 'Clever woman. Not bad.'

In this world, it took more than strength to survive and reach anywhere. 

How many extremely strong soul evolvers from Earth who could have gotten very, very far, ended up in the end turning into cold corpses after offending Bai Zemin for meaningless reasons? To survive, one needed cunning and the ability to read the situation instead of stupidly jumping into the water just because one believed to be a great swimmer capable of overcoming hidden sharks.

Sylvia gently bit her lower lip as she felt some mocking glances that were not aimed at her but at the person sitting in the shadows.

She didn't understand.

Why in the world would someone so powerful that he was even capable of turning more than a dozen zombies into a bloody mist in less than a second would want to hide so badly? He was even willing to accept looks of disdain.

'Perhaps, from this person's point of view, no one in this place is worth mentioning. He just doesn't care about what others might think of him in the same way we humans don't care about ants.' Sylvia thought, feeling extremely complex.

Sylvia's thoughts weren't wrong, but they weren't exactly right either.

Bai Zemin was not someone who belonged to this dimension, so in his heart he believed it was best to avoid getting too involved as much as possible. 

If others disdained him and thought he was weak, Bai Zemin would avoid a lot of future headaches. Besides, it wasn't as if the thoughts or feelings of people he would never see again and shouldn't have known to begin with would affect him in the future.

'At the end of the day, there are only 25 more days at the most before I get back to my dimension... It's best not to get attached to anyone here, for everyone's sake.. Including me.' Bai Zemin closed his eyes, preparing to sleep a little longer to keep the anger and sadness from consuming him.

Right.

In this place, no more than a couple of meters away, the vivid image of the only Loyal Follower that Bai Zemin had lost to this day and one of his Commanders was sitting next to a group of friends.

Even if that was not the Zhong De that Bai Zemin was familiar with, it was not easy to look him in the face, so he decided to close his eyes to escape.

Meanwhile, 'Liang Peng' grimaced as he looked at Bai Zemin before muttering under his breath, "That guy said his name was Xun Tian? More like Xun Wugui."

"Hahahahaha! That's a good one!" 'Bai Zemin' couldn't help but spit out what he was eating while laughing out loud.

(A/N: Xun Tian = Swift Skies / Xun Wugui = Swift Turtle).

"A turtle that runs fast? As expected from someone who didn't finish first year high school."

A cold voice sounded from behind the duo, sending chills down their spines.

'Liang Peng' turned around with a frown and an unpleasant expression as he glared at 'Shangguan Bing Xue' angrily, "You..."

"At least try your best not to show your ignorance." She looked at him with icy calm before looking at 'Bai Zemin' out of the corner of her eye and saying indifferently, "Some people are lucky to be good at sports. Were it not for the fact that some top universities have programs and scholarships for such individuals I'm afraid they would only be able to settle for third rate or second class universities at best."

'Bai Zemin's' expression changed, and in a rather unpleasant voice, he growled, "Xuanyuan Bing Xue, you want to antagonize with us who have shared so many battlefields with you just because of a newcomer who doesn't even dare to fight?"

"Antagonize you? Don't be confused, I don't think of you as my allies." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' snorted, "All of us here are moving as a group because none of us have the strength to survive on our own. We are nothing but a group of people stuck together out of sheer convenience, am I not right? I wonder who will be the first to run the moment things turn bad, deserting their alleged allies."

Under the duo's gaze, she took a few steps away before stopping and saying without looking back, "Oh, that's right. Tomorrow morning we'll go to the campus pharmacy to get all the medicine we can before anyone else does... It will be troublesome if any of us get sick in the same way that it will be troublesome to have to protect people even weaker than they already are."

After she got far enough away, 'Liang Peng' spat on the ground before cursing under his breath, "You arrogant little fucking bitch!"

'Bai Zemin' glanced at him with cold eyes as he calmly said, "Do you dare to say that to her face?"

'Liang Peng' simply snorted before walking away to one end of the gymnasium to rest.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' returned to her position and sighed in her heart, not realizing that her only friend in this place was watching her with alarm.

On the other hand, Bai Zemin secretly chuckled in his heart: 'It seems that the Bing Xue of this dimension is considerably stronger than everyone else here... Not bad, my mighty second-in-command.'

...

On the morning of the sixth day.

All the students were very nervous as they whispered to each other, so the atmosphere inside the gymnasium was not particularly enjoyable even compared to other days.

"Hey... Do you think it will be alright?"

"What are you talking about... They will naturally be alright..."

"They are the strongest after all.... If something bad happens to them then we..."

"Qin Xia, don't you dare say that even as a joke!"

"I-I'm sorry..."

Sitting in a corner, Bai Zemin kept his eyes closed as he listened to the different conversations, unperturbed.

At this point, everyone was ignoring him... or maybe it would be more correct to say that after two days of not moving at all everyone forgot about his existence, and some even suspected that he was already dead from not eating and weakening in the cold nights.

'Weird.' Bai Zemin frowned slightly as he began to feel a little anxious in his heart: 'In this dimension, the gymnasium and campus pharmacy weren't built that far away. They should have gotten there in only 10 minutes considering their movement speed, and if we add an additional of 20 to 30 minutes to loot the place it would give around 50 minutes or 1 hour at worst for their return.'

However, more than 1 hour and 30 minutes had already passed but 'Shangguan Bing Xue's' group was not back.

Bang!

A loud bang on the door sounded from outside followed by an urgent voice.

"Goddamn it! Brats, open the freaking door! Now!"

Some students jumped and screamed in fright at the sudden bang on the door while others were startled by the roar of 'Liang Peng'. However, there were also students who moved quickly and within seconds cleared the door.

When the big door opened, 'Liang Peng' and 'Bai Zemin' entered covered in blood.

"Ah!"

"Oh my god!"

"W-What happened?!"

"T-The vice president and the president..."

The students' faces turned pale at the sight of the duo's miserable condition.

'Bai Zemin' seemed to have given his all to get this far, because once the doors closed he fainted and fell to the ground with a thud. If his wounds were not treated there was a 50-60% chance that he would die.

On the other hand, 'Liang Peng' urgently crawled over to a terrified Sylvia, and in a hoarse voice, he commanded, "Q-Quickly... Release those damn spores of yours and cover the whole damn facility!"

Sylvia's face was pale and her body trembled with fear after being grabbed by the shoulders tightly. She winced, but managed to suppress her fear enough to speak, "I- If I do that, all of you..."

"Just do it or we'll all die!" 'Liang Peng' roared harshly.

"O-Okay!" Sylvia didn't know what was going on but she definitely didn't want to die so she did as she was asked.

A flash of pale green light shot out from her body, and soon that flash of light turned into tiny specks numbering several hundred.

"Go!" Sylvia pointed forward and the hundreds of specks of green light not only covered everyone present but also stuck to the walls of the gymnasium.

After finishing her work, Sylvia realized that 90% of the people had fainted and even weakened 'Liang Peng' fell unconscious.

All of them had the same characteristics after having fainted; pale faces, dry skin, trembling limbs, weak bodies in general... It was really mysterious and anyone would be worried if they witnessed such a scene, but the students were strangely calm.

In fact, the few who did not faint even sighed in relief as if they were finally safe.

Sylvia had no combat skills, but she was precisely the reason why many of those present had managed to survive before arriving here. 

She was even the reason why there was so much food that in normal cases would not have been possible to get so easily!

"R-Right, that person...!"

Sylvia turned to look towards that place she hadn't stopped paying attention to for the past few hours, but her eyes flashed with surprise as she discovered that the corner was now empty.

A pity, Bai Zemin was not present to see the peculiar ability of the girl he saved by pure coincidence because otherwise he would definitely have been very surprised.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3