Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin did not touch the beetle's body but left it there.

If that thing still had the slightest trace of spiritual power, then Bai Zemin could have taken it for himself. However, since that was not the case there was no need for him to take it.

'Although I can't be sure, I suppose that beetle will be used as food by them.' Bai Zemin disappeared from his position and moved faster than the wind without alerting anyone, back to the gymnasium.

He had interfered to save the life of 'Shangguan Bing Xue' because he was simply unwilling and reluctant to see her die. Still, he knew that what he did was not exactly right, therefore, it was better not to interfere too much there.

...

When 'Shangguan Bing Xue' arrived in a rather miserable state with 'Chen He' unconscious on her back, the students who had woken up only five minutes after fainting went into an all out commotion.

"Oh my god..."

"W-what monster could hurt President Xuanyuan like this..."

"Even Vice President is out of action!"

"Liang Peng, Bai Zemin, President Xuanyua, Vice President Chen.... They all fought together against the same enemy...?"

One enemy to defeat them all was the last thing they needed at this time.

Previously, the overwhelming strength of the group of four had managed to considerably calm the anxiety in the hearts of most. But, as things stood, it now seemed to be that even the four of them did not necessarily have the ability to survive in this new world.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' ignored the commotion as she did not have the energy or heart to worry about it at the moment. Besides, she could feel relieved after realizing that Sylvia had used her special ability.

First, she looked at 'Liang Peng' who was recovering in a corner.

Regarding her ice cold eyes, 'Liang Peng' snorted and said disdainfully, "Don't tell me you're angry that we left you behind after everything you said regarding the allies."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at him silently for a few seconds before withdrawing her gaze, "Don't worry. I never expected anything from a piece of trash, to begin with."

She looked at 'Bai Zemin' who was currently fainting and with his body covered in blood before coldly sneering and ignoring him as if she didn't care about his life or death.

Finally, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' approached 'Xun Tian' and asked in a tired but considerably soft voice compared to her previous coldness, "May I know what your ability is? We need help here..."

Bai Zemin looked silently at 'Liang Peng' and the other fighters before turning to stare at her for a long moment in silence.

'They are all wounded and tired.... They won't be able to move for a while... but if that happens it will be problematic for me.'

Even if he intervened by killing one or two monsters too strong for the group, they would take care of the rest.

In other words, he would affect things to some extent but not to 100%.

After deep consideration, Bai Zemin nodded, "My ability is nothing impressive, but I actually obtained a little treasure that will probably be good for resolving the current situation."

​ 'Shangguan Bing Xue's' eyes glittered slightly as she looked at him, and perhaps a little too excited, she asked, "Treasure? What kind of treasure?"

'I would have liked to see my Bing Xue acting like an excited little girl in those days just like this version of her.' Bai Zemin didn't think too much about how he addressed his best friend, nor did he notice that his tone softened more than he intended as he spoke to the woman in front of him, "Well, have someone bring me a can of pure water and you'll see."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' nodded without hesitation and quickly ordered someone to bring what he asked for from the coffee shop.

Water was a rather precious treasure now, because even if it was currently not scarce it would definitely be scarce soon. This was precisely the reason why 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and the others had taken such good care of it that they only drank what was necessary.

A can of pure water was a lot of water, but she accepted the request of someone she had just met two days ago and with whom she had exchanged no more than 50 words at best without any hesitation.

Soon, the water arrived.

Bai Zemin took the jerrycan from the small hands of the girl who brought the water with a nod, "Thank you, Jingyi."

Jingyi?

'Shangguan Bing Xue' raised an eyebrow and looked at both of them curiously, "Do you two know each other?"

"This... I..." The shy girl was also confused as she looked at the man in front of her hesitantly.

She felt that she had seen him before but she didn't think they were that close since she couldn't even remember his name.

'But, if that's the case then why I am...' The more she thought, the more 'Cai Jingyi' felt that she knew this person from somewhere.

Bai Zemin cursed himself in his heart as he realized his slip of tongue, but he certainly wasn't slow to react.

"I only heard her name by accident. She is one of the brightest freshmen and also quite pretty after all." Bai Zemin looked at her calmly before nodding, "I'm sorry I called you by name. I did it without thinking too much."

"N-No... I..." 

'Shangguan Bing Xue' noticed that 'Cai Jingyi' seemed to want to say something but without knowing what that specific something was. Even she noticed that the girl seemed to look at the young man in front of them doubtfully, as if she had met him in a past life or something similar.

"Here it is." 

Bai Zemin's voice cut off 'Shangguan Bing Xue's train of thought, and when she looked at him she noticed that in his hand was a medium-liter plastic bottle filled halfway with a slightly yellowish liquid.

"What is that...?" 

'Shangguan Bing Xue' and 'Cai Jingyi' were astonished.

Both women could feel a kind of pure aura coming out from that bottle, and just by being close they felt themselves starting to feel better.

"This is a potion." Bai Zemin stated.

"Potion?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at him in disbelief, "You mean those potions? Like, the one from books and movies about wizards and alchemists?"

"That's right." Bai Zemin nodded with a serious expression and lied without blinking, "I killed a strange monster while escaping before. This monster was very weak and couldn't fight but it healed fast from all its wounds and chased me nonstop so I had to fight it until I finally killed it."

"D-Don't tell me what's in that bottle is..."

"It's the monster's blood." Bai Zemin nodded at 'Cai Jingyi's blank stare.

He looked at 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and said indifferently, "This is what has helped me all this time without food. I can give you half in exchange for food, how about that?"

'Cai Jingyi' could not believe that someone would be willing to give such a good thing for food. 

If it was someone normal yes, it would make sense. 

But the thing here was that 'Xun Tian' seemed to have personal combat ability to get himself at least some food!

'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at him deeply for a while before slowly nodding, "... Very well then. I'll give you half of the rations I will get in return."

"Deal."Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Bai Zemin soon poured half of the yellow liquid into the water jerrycan before putting the cover back on. 

He stirred the mixture long enough until all the water took on a slight yellow hue before stopping, "Alright. You should drink some and then decide what to do with all the rest."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' took the five-liter jerrycan with a serious expression on her face, and after a brief hesitation drank straight from the mouth.

Her eyes widened in shock after the first gulp, and when the third went down her throat she couldn't help but close her eyes in delight.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' only stopped after drinking approximately 300 ml of the total contents, and when she opened her eyes again the sparkle in them was no longer weak but full of vigor and power.

"This is truly a treasure..." She murmured in amazement as she felt that, except for lack of Spiritual Power, her wounds both external and internal had completely healed.

Bai Zemin simply shrugged as he smiled bitterly in his heart: 'That's just a low-grade potion of no use to me...'

But well the saying went: what is trash to you might be the treasure of others.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at the little over 4 and a half liters in her hands before sighing as if she had made some kind of important decision.

"Cai Jingyi, bring two bowls from the dining hall please."

Cai Jingyi gave her a puzzled look but quickly moved to do as she was asked.

"I understand helping Chen He, but would you mind telling me your reason for helping the other two?" Bai Zemin asked after a brief pause.

If someone else asked, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' would surely ignore that person. However, she simply couldn't and also didn't want to ignore the person in question no matter how strange it was.

"I have... a friend. I'm not too sure if I can find her and help her if it's just Chen He and me."

That was all the explanation Bai Zemin needed to understand.

'Right... Yijun.' 

In his dimension, Wu Yijun was found after it had already been more than a week since the change of the world. However, Bai Zemin soon remembered something that made his expression change slightly even though he couldn't be that certain since this was an alternate dimension to his.

Even if she was not the same person, they still shared name, surname, face, body... and perhaps, even personality.

Bai Zemin simply could not sit still and do nothing.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' had sharp eyes and a great sense for which naturally she did not miss that slight change in his expression.

"What's wrong?" she asked with a bad premonition growing in her heart.

Bai Zemin hesitated for a moment before slowly saying, "About that... do you mind if I join you tomorrow?"

"Tomorrow? Do you want to join?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' opened her eyes wide, losing her cold appearance for a moment.

Did he want to help? No... it didn't seem to be that simple.

'Is it because of her?' Such a thought flashed in her head at that moment.

"Didn't you say you needed to save your friend?"

"Yes... But I was planning to let everyone rest for a day first since this battle almost killed us all." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' hesitated.

"Tomorrow." Bai Zemin said as he stared into her eyes. 

After a long pause, she asked in a low voice, "You know something don't you?"

"All I know is that if you wait any longer there is a possibility that something bad could happen to your friend." Bai Zemin looked at her with a serious expression on his face before pointing out, "With that potion, everyone's wounds will heal. Twelve hours of rest should be more than enough."

Many things were different in this dimension, particularly since the 'Bai Zemin' of this Earth was not as strong as he was. However, Bai Zemin could still sense too many similarities even in the midst of those differences.

It was just a theory but, if Wu Yijun was in the female dormitory then she was not safe at all.

'I just hope it's not too late...'

Besides, in his heart, Bai Zemin hoped he could get something good this time.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3