Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

'Liang Peng' was very surprised when he saw 'Cai Jingyi' walking up to him with a bowl filled with a suspicious liquid.

"What is that stuff?" 

For some reason, 'Liang Peng' felt much better just smelling the fragrance of the liquid inside the bowl.

'Cai Jingyi' quickly explained the effects of the diluted potion, causing the man's eyes to sparkle with excitement.

"That pretty boy had such a good thing hidden? No wonder he still looks so healthy and full of energy despite not eating or drinking anything for two days." 'Liang Peng' snorted, "Really, wasting such a precious treasure like this just to keep himself like that. Heavens should punish such a wasteful person."

'Cai Jingyi' secretly made a grimace, and although she didn't say anything on the surface she couldn't help but think to herself: 'You were the one who made Xun Tian not eat anything anyway, practically pushing him into having to drink the potion to survive.'

Seeing 'Liang Peng' drink the bowl without a second thought, 'Cai Jingyi' couldn't help but feel disgust in her heart.

This person had left behind the president without much thought but certainly did not hesitate to take the good stuff even though the diluted potion was the property of the person he abandoned to her fate.

'Bai Zemin' was unconscious thus it was not possible to give him the potion by normal means.

"Then..." Bai Zemin, who now occupied the fake name 'Xun Tian', looked at the two women in front of him and said in a serious voice, "Which one of you wants to help him drink that stuff?"

'Cai Jingyi' panicked but 'Shangguan Bing Xue' rolled her eyes after hearing his words.

"Why don't you help him better? Men understand each other, don't they?" She teased.

Soon, however, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' paused and her eyes widened in shock.

In fact, even 'Cai jingyi' looked at her in astonishment.

"I..." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' found herself having trouble saying anything.

She simply didn't know what was happening to her.

In front of anyone else, regardless of gender, she was simply indifferent at best and usually cold as the ice she could make. Even the funniest joke in the world would not be able to break her expression at all.

However, in front of this person she had known for just a little over 48 hours, she would break free of her chains and show sides of her that she didn't know she had until now.

"Well, of course, such a thing is not necessary." Bai Zemin did not notice the problem as he was familiar with a very similar facet even though the person was different.

He simply took out a syringe from the bag they had managed to get from the pharmacy and put the liquid in there before injecting it directly into 'Bai Zemin's' neck under the perplexed eyes of the two ladies.

"This isn't an oral medicine like the one you buy in a hospital after all. It's a potion that simply needs to come into contact with the body." He explained half telling the truth and half lying.

While it was true that the potion would take effect with an injection, its effect would be minor in comparison.

The same process was used to help 'Chen He' for while his injuries were not serious, the shock he had suffered after being hit head on by the giant beetle's sound wave was not small. If he was not helped by external means he would probably remain unconscious for a couple of days.

Exactly seven hours later, 'Bai Zemin' and 'Chen He' recovered and opened their eyes almost at the same time.

Bai Zemin rested his back against a side wall and watched with a calm expression on his face the scene unfolding not far away.

'Bai Zemin' was confused as to what had happened and how it was possible for his injuries to disappear just like that.

On the other hand, 'Chen He' was anxiously asking 'Shangguan Bing Xue' if she was alright while apologizing for not being able to help her in the battle against the beetle.

"This..."

A low but surprisingly pleasant to hear voice sounded to his left, and when Bai Zemin looked towards the source he somehow wasn't too surprised when he saw Sylvia looking at him with shining eyes.

"May I... May I know if it was you...?"

"Em?" Bai Zemin blinked in confusion before asking genuinely at a loss, "What do you mean?"

Sylvia took a deep breath as if to gather courage, then walked over to him. She rested her back on the wall no more than half a meter from him, and after a long pause asked softly, "It was you who saved President Xuanyuan, wasn't it? You don't need to hide it, I promise you on my life that I won't say anything even though I don't know why you hide your actual strength."

Sylvia knew that someone as powerful as 'Shangguan Bing Xue' had the ability to take care of a group of fifteen zombies by herself with ease. However, she did not believe that 'Shangguan Bing Xue' had the ability to kill fifteen zombies at the same time in just one second and make their bodies disappear from existence in the process.

"It was me." Bai Zemin nodded, and after thinking about it for a moment decided not to hide some things from this woman, "Sylvia, is that correct? There are many unknown things in this world, but all you need to know is that I am not your enemy as long as you give me no reason to be. Furthermore, I am also curious about you."

Sylvia might not understand what he meant by 'many unknown things in this world' but she certainly knew that she did not want and had no reason to be an enemy of the person who saved her life. 

"Are you curious about me?" She looked at her with a bitter smile, "I'm nothing special. Besides my ability and my natural beauty, I have nothing to offer... I can't even fight for myself."

Bai Zemin gave her a sidelong glance for a couple of seconds before looking straight ahead, but not before saying, "I wonder about that."

Sylvia blinked in confusion, but seeing that he had no intention of talking further she simply stood next to him, half a meter away.

'Weird... She's so weak but somehow gives me a slight feeling of danger.' Bai Zemin reasoned with interest in his heart.

The danger he felt from Sylvia was not danger of death, it was different; a feeling that could not be explained because it could not be understood.

Approximately forty minutes later, the group had a meeting where they announced their abilities to the other companions who would fight alongside them.

The only reluctant one was 'Bai Zemin', but when 'Xun Tian' took out the plastic bottle with the remaining liquid that saved his life and heard that it was not diluted unlike the liquid in 'Shangguan Bing Xue's possession, he no longer hesitated.

'Bai Zemin' took a deep breath before nodding with a serious expression on his face, "My ability is very simple. Basically, you could say that I am an inexhaustible source of energy."

"Inexhaustible source of energy?" 'Liang Peng' made a lewd smile and swayed his hips back and forth as he laughed.

They all looked at him with disgust but soon ignored him as it was clear to each of them that great things could not be expected from someone small-minded.

"Could you be a bit more specific?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' was clearly curious but her expression was as cold as her voice: "Everyone's abilities here are quite obvious, only yours remains a mystery. We will need to get to know each other better if we want to survive longer... I think everyone knows that after what happened in our previous battle."

'Bai Zemin' looked at everyone hesitantly before looking at the plastic bottle with 1/4 of potion. He gritted his teeth and explained, "I never run out of energy, just as you heard. That's my ability. I'm faster, stronger, sharper... all thanks to the fact that I am constantly nourishing the flesh and muscles of my body using that strange energy that runs through our systems. I can even increase my defense by hardening the tissues of my skin."

"Th-That's crazy..." 'Chen He' looked at him in shock.

'Liang Peng' winced but said nothing, though disbelief was evident on his face.

On the other hand, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' couldn't help but frown, "You're telling me that you have an ability that makes you an unstoppable machine in physical terms but you're still this weak?"

'Bai Zemin' glared at her while growling in a low voice: "Surnamed Xuanyuan, just because I have unlimited energy doesn't mean I can do whatever I damn well please with it you know? If I overstep my limits, my body will explode into pieces so I have to slowly get stronger first!"

As the group discussed, Bai Zemin stared at his other-dimensional self with narrowed eyes.

Unlimited Energy? 

Boundless spiritual power?

Wasn't that ability too messed up and broken?

'Right now I have only 20 points of Spiritual Power...' Thousands of thoughts ran through Bai Zemin's head as he looked at his other self with a strange glint in his eyes.

Previously, he was reluctant to absorb someone's records just for the sake of it... Particularly if that person was him regardless of whether they belonged to different realities.

'So far, this other-dimensional self has been rather disappointing in terms of character... Let's observe for now and decide later.' 

Bai Zemin felt that, sooner or later, an opportunity would present itself for him to decide what to do.

The truth was that he needed to absorb the records of the existence known as Bai Zemin in order to evolve... and right before his eyes was the perfect candidate in every sense.

Besides, Bai Zemin did not forget the existence of the soul evolver named Qiao Long.

'That guy had Air Manipulation if I'm not mistaken... Back then I didn't know anything about the universe and the Soul Record or myself so I made a mistake, but if this dimension's 'Qiao Long' shows signs of even a minimally similar skill I definitely won't let it pass.' 

This Earth was infinitely weaker than the Earth that Bai Zemin came from, and its inhabitants were much weaker as well.

However, in this world, there were infinite opportunities for Bai Zemin to become even stronger without increasing his level at all.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Air Manipulation was a skill that Bai Zemin wanted and needed.

Moreover, among the Manipulation type skills, Bai Zemin felt that Air Manipulation could be one of the strongest.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3