Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The next morning.

"Everyone is ready?" 

Standing in front of the gymnasium door, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked with an indifferent expression at the people in front of her as she asked in an unusually serious tone of voice.

"We are set." 'Chen He took a step forward, "This time we will go further than we have gone so far, so it won't be easy."

'Liang Peng' grimaced but did not say anything.

'Bai Zemin' felt the same as the leader of the former security and did not want to join this dangerous expedition. However, despite having no obligation to do this, he knew in his heart that if he stayed locked up without doing anything it would only be disadvantageous to him both in the short and long term.

His strength would stagnate and he would not be able to fight for the spoils the others got.

"We all have to move, whatever our motivation or reason for doing so." 

'Shangguan Bing Xue' paused for a moment after saying those last words. She looked at Bai Zemin, who now occupied the name 'Xun Tian', and hesitated as if she wanted to say something.

In the end, she simply turned and nodded towards the group of five students waiting for orders with stressed expressions on their faces.

Seeing her nod, the group of five immediately unlocked the entrance and with strong tugs moved the two large iron doors sideways.

Sunlight pierced weakly into the darkness of the gymnasium, making those who had not been out for many days forced to close their eyes for a moment.

"Close the doors tightly and do not open to anyone no matter who it is unless it is one of us!"

When the students opened their eyes a few seconds later, the only thing that was left behind the attack and defense group was the serious voice of 'Bai Zemin' leaving a clear and concise order.

Soon, the doors were closed with a loud bang, and after some noise came from inside, the place was completely silent once again.

...

"Our objective this time is very simple. Get to the female dormitory, check for trapped survivors, pick up clothes for the girls, and take as much food as we can from the store just two streets below." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' pointed out as she ran with her eyes set on the front.

Her clothes had been almost completely shredded during the battle against the giant beetle yesterday, so with no other choice she had no alternative but to wear some male clothes that someone had in their backpack.

Even then, the ravishing curves of her body could not be hidden at all by the white olive T-shirt or the worn-out jeans. Furthermore, with her white hair tied in a neat back ponytail, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' gave the impression of a youthful beauty different from what they were used to seeing.

"Our goal may be simple but achieving it definitely isn't." 'Chen He' smiled bitterly as he sprinted just two or three steps behind her.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Damn mental retards. Was it necessary to build the female dormitory so far away from the male dormitory? It'll take forever to get there if we meet too many zombies on the road!" 'Liang Peng' wanted nothing more than to rip off the heads of those who designed the plans for this place.

"Beijing University is an internationally known facility with millions of students not only from China but there is no lack of foreigners either." Bai Zemin, who was rushing a little behind the rest of the group, chuckled as he said calmly, "Think that by doing this they were protecting both girls and boys from being assaulted by perverts."

"I'd like to be assaulted by a beauty though." 'Liang Peng' snorted.

'Bai Zemin' looked back with a strange expression on his face, and after a moment of silence asked feeling somewhat dumbfounded, "You... You really plan to go on like this all the time?"

'Shangguan Bing Xue' and 'Chen He' also couldn't help but look back with different emotions palpitating in their hearts.

"What are you talking about?" Bai Zemin asked with genuine confusion on his face.

"Um..."

​ A voice almost as soft as the feeling in his back sounded from behind Bai Zemin.

"I think... I think they're talking about me..."

"Ah..." Bai Zemin finally brightened with realization.

Behind him, with a slight blush on her face, Sylvia was trying to move back from his body just enough to keep her chest from pressing against his back.

Unfortunately, she wasn't having much success in her mission as her genetics were not only excellent but she also couldn't afford to move too far away or she would fall due to the high speed at which they were all moving.

"If you want I can help you carry her for a bit." 'Bai Zemin' offered as he looked at Sylvia with a dry mouth.

"Bro, let me give you a hand too." 'Liang Peng' didn't want to be left behind either.

Sylvia was a great beauty after all, even if she wasn't on the level of 'Shangguan Bing Xue' in general terms. Particularly her upper body, an area few Asian women could compete against.

"You don't need to." Bai Zemin had no perverted thoughts at all when he declined the other two's offer, "She's not heavy at all, and my stamina is quite good. I'll be fine."

While Sylvia was a great beauty, Bai Zemin was used to seeing beauties above her level practically every day.  That was not to mention that he was never a man to be swayed by a woman's beauty since he left high school.

"We'll see." 

"Don't cry when you embarrass yourself."

Bai Zemin ignored the comments of those two and simply followed the group.

He had his reasons for bringing Sylvia along, as before he returned to his dimension he wanted and needed to better understand that sense of danger she gave him.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' watched the ease with which Bai Zemin carried Sylvia and her eyes glittered mysteriously before turning her attention back to the front.

She didn't notice how the corner of her lips curved very slightly in a hard-to-notice smile as she realized that not only was 'Xun Tian's' expression indifferent despite having a beauty on his back but that his hands were properly placed under the girl's legs and in no way near her butt.

At least inside the university, all law had disappeared. 

In this place where it was the first of the strongest who decided what was right and wrong at personal convenience, even 'Shangguan Bing Xue' would have to turn a blind eye or risk her life to fight if she wanted to save a girl from the hands of a strong man.

How strong was 'Xun Tian'? 'Shangguan Bing Xue' didn't know, but if he was the person who helped her in yesterday's battle then...

"Bing Xue?" 

'Shangguan Bing Xue' blinked when she sensed 'Chen He's' voice and quickly quickened her pace, "Let's hurry before the storm breaks loose."

Bai Zemin looked up at the sky, noticing that the clouds were getting thicker and darker to the point where the sun was close to being devoured.

'Rain, uh...' 

...

Approximately twenty to thirty minutes later, the group arrived at the female dormitory as they had intended.

Although they encountered a few zombies and giant mutant insects along the way, none of their opponents presented enough of a challenge to endanger the lives of anyone in the six-person team.

Of course, Bai Zemin never stepped forward and simply ignored the glares that 'Bai Zemin', 'Chen He', and 'Liang Peng' were giving him.

"Looks like someone already saved the people in this place." 'Chen He' sighed in relief as he looked at the seventy-plus zombies torn apart in the surroundings, "That's good... If the other party had the ability to deal with almost a hundred zombies they must be pretty strong."

"Good? Good my ass!" 'Liang Peng' glared at 'Chen He' angrily as he said loudly, "We came all this way for nothing? You think we're all so free as to run around from one place to another?!"

'Bai Zemin' looked at 'Chen He' as if he was looking at an idiot as he said indifferently, "You say it's good? Well, the people who helped your friend get out of here better be good, because otherwise... Hehe, you know what I mean."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3