Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

'Chen He's' expression changed when he heard 'Bai Zemin's words, and he finally realized that things were not that simple.

Indeed, when 'Chen He' turned to look at 'Shangguan Bing Xue' he noticed that her expression was not particularly pleasant.

"We need to find the people who took the survivors who were hiding in the surroundings." 'Shangguan Bing Xue's' voice was not only cold but also sounded urgent as she looked around in search of something to help them guide her to reach their target, "Just as he said, we can't rule out that the unknown group is friendly. Besides..."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' narrowed her eyes as she looked at the fist-sized holes on the ground before saying in an extremely icy voice, "If the person who saved the girls in the female dormitory is the miserable little bastard from yesterday I'm afraid they might be better off dead than alive."

'Uh?' Bai Zemin was shocked by her words.

Miserable little bastard? Who was the miserable little bastard that 'Shangguan Bing Xue' spoke of with such hatred?

Bai Zemin didn't understand at first, but he was smart to begin with and evolution had only propelled his brain to a new stage. It wasn't hard for him to draw conclusions based solely on what little he knew of this place and the past events that had occurred in his dimension.

'Qiao Long.' That name popped into his head again.

'It seems that the battle against the giant beetle was caused by Qiao Long. This is different from how things happened in my place.' Bai Zemin thought that the situation was really interesting.

He looked at 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and pointed in the southeast direction, "Actually, they are probably not far away."

Everyone's eyes sparkled when they saw where he pointed.

"The convenience store!" 

"Not bad!"

'Liang Peng' and 'Bai Zemin' looked at him in surprise, particularly the latter who finally accepted that, at the very least, the brain of this freshman named Xun Tian was working quite well.

'No no... I didn't know the convenience store was there.' Bai Zemin winced in his heart.

His senses were incomparable to those of any person or mutant creature in this world, so it was easy for him to sense everything from KILOMETERS away!

"Let's move!" 

'Shangguan Bing Xue' simply nodded in his direction before dashing southeast at full speed.

She was so fast that among those present only 'Bai Zemin' could keep up with her with great effort.

"This woman just... How much energy is she using to increase her speed? Isn't she afraid of her legs exploding?" 'Bai Zemin' exclaimed in disbelief as he looked at her back getting farther and farther away.

'Bing Xue was always extremely adept at controlling Mana... It seems that the Shangguan Bing Xue of this dimension is impressively skilled in controlling Spiritual Power.' Bai Zemin thought as he watched her back curiously.

Now that Bai Zemin knew about the existence of another dimension and alternative existences of themselves, it was natural to think that there were probably other alternative dimensions besides this one.

'In this dimension, Bing Xue is extremely skilled in the use of Spiritual Power... but in my dimension she is an unmatched genius using Mana... If there are more dimensions and in them there are also other versions of Bing Xue, will each of her versions be an unmatched master in controlling different kinds of energy?' Bai Zemin was frightened at such a thought, because with that thought, a theory that sent shivers down his spine appeared for an instant in his heart.

'Golden Domain shattered... Soul Record... Split lands... Cosmos formation... Mana... Spiritual power... Will...' Bai Zemin's heart began to beat faster and faster as he felt he was finally getting closer to the truth.

Bang!

The sound of a powerful and loud bang attracted everyone's attention, pulling Bai Zemin out of his inner thoughts for a moment as he looked ahead.

No more than 60 meters ahead, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' was facing a male that looked to be no more than 20 years old.

The sound from earlier seemed to be the result of the clash of the two sides attacking each other.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' was powerful, but the other party was not weak at all.

She controlled twelve ice pikes and an ice sword in her right hand, but the enemy seemed to have some sort of invisible barrier around him as the ice pikes not only could not harm him but began to break more and more each time they attempted to hit him.

Only the ice sword seemed to represent a danger to the young man, but the overall speed and agility of his movements seemed to be out of league. 

"Damn bitch! I don't know how you survived that beetle but since you came I'll make sure you don't go back!" The young man ducked, narrowly dodging 'Shangguan Bing Xue's diagonal slash.

He retreated at lightning speed, and after putting some distance he pointed forward while shouting in a hoarse voice, "Air Bullet!"

'Shangguan Bing Xue's expression had changed as soon as she saw her enemy raising his hand, and since she had faced him before she knew that she couldn't underestimate him.

She had only moved out of the way when a hole the size of a human fist appeared in the spot just behind where she had been standing a moment before, broken stones and dirt flying everywhere.

Shangguan Bing Xue's heart trembled as she realized that, as much as she hated to admit it, this enemy was indeed powerful and dangerous: 'If it was just me alone I probably couldn't win because his element counters mine... But fortunately, I'm not alone.'

'Chen He' stopped dead in his tracks as he took out a steel ball from the backpack on his back, and after a powerful deep breath he threw the steel ball straight at the young male's left leg with all his might.

Unlike Chen He who was an expert in archery, 'Chen He' was a professional when it came to baseball; professional pitcher to be specific.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

The speed of the steel ball was in no way inferior to that of a bullet!

The young male's expression changed slightly as he felt the air currents changing and he quickly raised both hands as he urgently shouted, "Stop!!!"

Under 'Chen He's' disbelieving eyes, the steel ball slowly lost speed and power, finally stopping when it was only ten centimeters away from hitting its target.

"I-Impossible..." 

'Qiao Long's' expression was pallid as he watched the steel ball slowly spinning a head away. Soon, however, his face twisted into a hideous expression as he gazed at the stunned 'Chen He'.

"Son of a bitch, that's dangerous you know!"

Bang!

The air exploded and the steel ball disappeared.

It was only for a second, neither 'Chen He' nor anyone else had time to react.

"Aaah!!!" 'Chen He' let out a horrible scream as a fist-sized hole appeared on his right leg. He clutched his limb tightly as he fell to the ground with his eyes wide open and face pale as a sheet.

His flesh had been pierced from side to side, and behind him was an even larger hole with the steel ball stuck in the center.

"You all have really pissed me off!" 'Qiao Long' laughed like a lunatic as he raised both hands towards the sky. His face turned very pale but his surroundings trembled in response to the excessive consumption of Spiritual Power: "And when this elder gets angry bad things happen!"

'Bai Zemin' and 'Liang Peng' stared in disbelief at the over a hundred air bullets floating above 'Qiao Long's head. 

"H-Hey... This doesn't look good..." 'Liang Peng' took a step back.

'Bai Zemin' said nothing but had already used a large amount of Spiritual Power to strengthen his legs, even making his skin burst in the process in order to raise his speed so that he could dodge what would otherwise be certain death.

Several shouts were heard from the nearby building where about a hundred girls and around twenty or thirty guys were hiding; they were probably the people 'Qiao Long' had "rescued" not long ago.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

The over a hundred air bullets smashed straight towards the group as 'Qiao Long' roared and lowered his hands.

Despite the danger, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' jumped up and stood in the middle between her group and the air bullets with a pale face but resolution in her blue eyes.

The twelve ice pikes floating around her began to clash against several air bullets, destroying around thirty or forty before exploding into small ice fragments and falling from the sky.

As for the other air bullets...

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

'Shangguan Bing Xue's right hand moved so fast that it was no different from a blur in the eyes of the others.

Her ice sword managed to cut through the majority of most ice bullets, but the veins in her right arm burst as even her physical body had limits to the amount of Spiritual Power she could withstand to strengthen herself.

Her ice sword showed signs of breaking, but 'Shangguan Bing Xue' could only continue even ignoring the two lines of blood that fell from her eyes as a result of her strengthening her sense of sight.

On the other hand, more than 20 air bullets flew back as they could not be contained by 'Shangguan Bing Xue'.

'Bai Zemin' gritted his teeth and let out a roar of fury and pain as the skin on his arms exploded into pieces, "You want to kill me?! You're a hundred years ahead of yourself!"

Using all the speed he had gained after forcing his own limits, 'Bai Zemin' slashed with the iron bat in his hands at lightning speed.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

After a couple of seconds and with a bloody wound on his abdomen, 'Bai Zemin' collapsed on his left knee panting heavily but smirk as he looked at the incredulous 'Qiao Long'.

"This..." 'Qiao Long' looked at the people in front of him in shock before bursting into laughter as if he had gone mad, "Interesting... Really interesting! To think that you guys would actually survive that!"

'Shangguan Bing Xue's right arm was trembling and her ice sword was covered in cracks to the point where it would not be uncommon if it broke at any moment. In addition, her breathing was irregular and her vision blurred.

'Chen He' was still grunting in pain on the ground as he tried to contain the bleeding from his right leg.

'Bai Zemin' had all four of his limbs injured and his endurance had dropped to a critical point. Although he could still fight, it would be difficult for him to do much with his damaged legs and arms.

As for 'Liang Peng' ... 

He retreated more than ten meters back from the battlefield and didn't even realize that he had peed his pants.

His forte was his great physical strength, but in terms of speed... even if he used Spiritual Power to strengthen his legs it still wouldn't be high enough to do anything against 'Qiao Long's terrifying air bullets!

'Qiao Long's body staggered as he raised his right hand towards the sky. His face was the description of the word craziness as he stared at the people in front of him with bloodshot eyes, "We all could have been fine if you guys didn't mind my business... Blame yourselves for this!"

'Shangguan Bing Xue's face was indifferent but pallid as she felt the surrounding air twisting.

She was not weaker than 'Qiao Long' by any means, the real problem was that her element was weak against the other party's element!

It was then that she remembered that there was still one more person in their group.

Someone who had so far not moved.

'Shangguan Bing Xue's' vision blurred for an instant, but the next second her pupils contracted to the size of a needle.

"You... You..." 'Qiao Long' froze as he stared at the person in front of him with wide eyes.

Standing an arm's length away, Bai Zemin watched this person in front of him with a curious expression.

Then, he said something that no one understood but, for some reason, made their hearts start to beat faster.

"You... A part of the God of Wind's soul?"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3