Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin had managed to obtain a lot of information after arriving in this alternate dimension with the help of the Throne of Creation; even if such information could not be confirmed 100%.

In the past he had no choice but to miss many clues, because even if they passed in front of his eyes, Bai Zemin would never be able to see them let alone understand them. At the end of the day, he barely knew himself not to mention the secrets of the cosmos and much greater things.

However, now that his strength was comparable or even higher to that of a maximum soul evolver and on the edge of the boundary between a Lower Existence and a Higher Existence, he was finally able to see things he didn't before and draw a conclusion or two based on what he had learned so far.

According to Fire Sorrow, Manipulation-type skills were rarities among rarities of rarities... Of the most broken and powerful skills that existed, since control of one of them would basically make one the successor to the God of a given universal law.

However, the Earth that was only one world among many turned out to give birth to at least three Manipulation-type skills.

Blood Manipulation was obtained by Bai Zemin on day 1 of the apocalypse, Air Manipulation was in the hands of Qiao Long, and finally Gravity Manipulation in the control of the most powerful general of one of the first human camps that Bai Zemin was forced to overthrow to accomplish his goals and find his family.

Not to mention that it was entirely possible that there were more soul evolvers with different Manipulation-type skills. At the end of the day, Earth was too big and Bai Zemin by no means dared to say that he knew everything or knew everyone.

'It's okay, Earth is an anomaly after all.' Bai Zemin said those words to himself in the past because he had no way of getting answers to his questions.

Not even Fire Sorrow seemed to have any knowledge of what was going on.

But, what about now? Now things were different for Bai Zemin.

After seeing the mural in the East Sea Royal Palace and seeing the ancient portrait of the Heavenly Wolf Cirius as well as Falling Sky Annihilation, Bai Zemin finally realized that there was a very high possibility that he was the reincarnation of one of the most legendary soul evolvers in the history of the cosmos. 

Now, something that Bai Zemin also knew was that his universe, the place he came from, was the main universe in the vast multiverse. This information was 100% confirmed since the Soul Record notification said so when he received the mission to fight against the Golden Domain.

So, Bai Zemin knew that his universe was the main universe, and if Earth had already gone through numerous evolutions in the past, if in that little blue world there were so many powerful soul evolvers growing at thunderous speeds and so many Manipulation-type skills appearing at the same time... But, it still wasn't enough.

Until now, that is.

'If my universe is the main universe and there are other parallel universes with different versions of at least most of Earth's inhabitants...' Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes as he stared at 'Qiao Long' and couldn't help but say his next words out loud.

'You... A part of the God of Wind's soul?"

Taking Shangguan Bing Xue and 'Shangguan Bing Xue' as the most obvious example until now, they were both ice mages and both were excellent at controlling two completely different energies.

Wasn't it simply too much of a coincidence? Even if their appearances were similar, they had both lived different lives in different places; this was something that Bai Zemin confirmed after learning and observing more of the Shangguan Bing Xue of this dimension.

They were definitely not the same person.... Not 100%, at least.

However, it would all make sense if she was the reincarnation of a Goddess.

Ice Goddess, maybe? 

The only reason other universes existed parallel to the main one was perhaps because the most powerful gods and goddesses who had exceeded the limit of the Soul Record were forced to split their souls into at least two since the body of a weak human would never be able to withstand the full power of a reincarnated God or Goddess.

Of course, this was all speculation for now as Bai Zemin had no way of confirming his thoughts. Not temporarily, at least.

However, he felt that, perhaps, the truth was not so far away.

Bai Zemin was suddenly brought back to the real world by a bestial roar.

"Go to hell!!!"

'Qiao Long' felt inexplicable fear and hatred towards the person in front of him.

Both emotions came from deep within his soul as if they had been ingrained in him from the very beginning. However, 'Qiao Long' did not understand what the hell was going on because this was definitely the first time he had seen the person in front of him!

An air bullet bigger than the air bullets fired by 'Qiao Long' so far took shape in front of him, and at the same time as he took a long step backwards he gave a strong push with his hands towards the front, making the air bullet now comparable to a wind cannon shot out towards Bai Zemin who was standing less than two meter apart.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' wanted to charge forward to help but she naturally knew that it was absolutely impossible for her to get there before the air cannon hit his body.

"Watch out!" she shouted in a shrill voice.

Forget about the others, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' herself was shocked by her own attitude.

This was definitely not her!

Bai Zemin's expression did not change but stared at the crazed and trembling eyes of the young man in front of him as if he wanted to find out something else.

Boom!!!

The air cannon struck his chest, and soon, there was a thunderous explosion that left everyone within 20 meters deaf with the point of impact as the center.

In addition, all the concrete within 5 meters of the area exploded into dust and the ground sank slightly. 

'Bai Zemin', 'Liang Peng', and 'Shangguan Bing Xue' were pushed back a few steps as fierce gusts of wind hit their bodies. Fortunately, none were injured at all as all the force of the blow seemed to be consumed upon impact.

'Chen He' took the brunt of it as he rolled across the ground a meter or two, leaving a trail of blood behind him with his badly injured right leg.

Only Sylvia, who was left by Bai Zemin 30 meters behind, was not affected in the least. She just stared at the scene in front of her, and her pretty blue eyes simply opened wider and wider along with the increasingly powerful beating of her heart.

"I-IMPOSSIBLE!!"

A high-pitched shriek that didn't sound human resounded at the same time as the group of four opened their eyes.

"Y-you've got to be kidding me..." 'Bai Zemin' sucked in a breath of cold air as he stared at 'Xun Tian' standing in the same place, seemingly not having suffered the slightest damage at all.

'Liang Peng' felt his legs weak and could no longer stand upright as he thought of all the things he had said in the past. He looked at that person's back silently before muttering in a dry voice, "Even his clothes..."

'Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes were as wide as they could be opened, but as breathtaking and unbelievable as the sight before her eyes was, somewhere in her soul she felt that this was normal.

'Just... Who are you really...?' She asked herself in her heart as she watched the calm expression of the young man a few meters away.

'Qiao Long' was pale and his body weak due to the fact that he had already consumed most of his Spiritual Power, but perhaps drawing strength from somewhere he was ignorant of he managed to turn around to make a dash for his life.

Bai Zemin looked down, and seeing that thanks to the natural mana barrier surrounding him even his shirt was intact after taking that attack, he could not help but sigh nostalgically as memories of the past flooded his mind.

If the Qiao Long of his dimension had hit him with an attack of such magnitude forget about a Bai Zemin, even three Bai Zemins would have died worse than dogs. 

'Qiao Long' with his high movement speed felt that he might have a chance after running over 50 meters, but when he looked over his shoulder and noticed that his nightmare was nowhere to be seen his face became even paler than it already was.

When he turned to look ahead, a pained expression crossed his eyes as his body was lifted just like a chicken; captured by the neck.

"Although I have no idea if you committed the same atrocities you did in my dimension, I can tell that you are not a good bird even if I look at you from afar." With 'Qiao Long' being caught from around his neck by his left hand firmly closed around it like a pair of pincers, Bai Zemin looked at him with no particular emotion as he said in a low voice, "I think I won't feel any regret for what I'm about to do."

"N-No..." Although with great difficulty, 'Qiao Long' managed to spit out that word as he used both of his hands to cling to the left wrist of the young man in front of him while kicking.

"Records Devastation." 

Under 'Qiao Long's ever-growing eyes and his face becoming purple from lack of oxygen in his lungs, Bai Zemin's right arm soon turned into a kind of bright red luminous claw.

In the distance, everyone watched with wide eyes as his right arm sank into 'Qiao Long's chest, disappearing without a trace as if it had been devoured by some monster.

Soon, however, they all saw something that chilled their blood.

Qiao Long's skin dried up first, then his body became thinner and thinner until he looked like a mummy as he writhed weaker and weaker, then, his skin seemed to disappear as if by magic and finally his bones exploded into a pile of dust.

Sylvia's face turned pale as did everyone else's as she stared at the pile of clothes on the ground.

The students and few teachers inside the building across the street were terrified as they watched the scene with trembling teeth.

"D-Disappeared..."

"Q-Qiao Long died..."

"That person ate him!"

"My God!"

"Monster!"

Those students who knew nothing about 'Qiao Long' other than the fact that he had saved them from the zombies after being locked up for a week while starving began to run away uncontrollably.

None of them wanted to go through the same miserable fate as 'Qiao Long' after all.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Facing the monster with human skin? What a joke!

They didn't even dare to fight against a zombie let alone someone capable of killing the mighty 'Qiao Long'!

Only a handful of 5 or 6 students stayed in place instead of running away like everyone else.

Among them, a petite beauty with eyes and hair as black as ink looked first at her two best friends before looking at the young unknown who was now watching the small pale green pearl in his right hand with a faint smile.

She didn't know why but, ever since she saw that person appear, even before he made a move, her heart had not been calm.

She subconsciously put a hand to her small chest as she stared with a dazed expression at that person, and that's when a male voice sounded beside her.

"Yijun, are you okay? Should we run away too?"

Right.

This person was her boyfriend... or well, the person she planned to accept as such in the not-so-distant future.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3