Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

'Chen He' still needed some time to get his leg healed, as he was being supported by some people with every step he took. 

But such a thing was not strange considering that a steel ball moving at the speed of a small bullet pierced him from side to side in the thigh area, shredding his flesh and muscles completely.

On the other hand, 'Bai Zemin' had fully recovered and when he came out of the building, he directly headed towards 'Xun Tian' with a excited look on his face.

"Hey, Xun Tian. I did my part didn't I? Now it's your turn." 

His voice was considerably respectful if compared to the past, which was natural considering what he had seen minutes ago.

In fact, had it not been for the fact that 'Bai Zemin' had realized that he could use the diluted potion to regenerate from his wounds and then mutilate himself again by pushing the limits of his flesh to get stronger with each use he might have even set aside the previous agreement. It was just that right now the potion was too important to him and his future.

Bai Zemin looked at his counterpart for a second or two before nodding, "Very well."

He pretended to take something out of the backpack on his back and handed him the 1/4 of healing potion left in the plastic bottle.

Bai Zemin' eyes lit up, and with trembling hands, he took the bottle.

To Bai Zemin, minor healing potion was simply garbage as no matter how many he drank they would never help him even heal a scratch on his body. Therefore, he didn't mind using something he considered useless to achieve his goals bit by bit.

It was only thanks to that that he now knew what the special "ability" of his self from this alternate dimension was.

...

On the way back, Bai Zemin could feel several gazes on him and also heard the low whispers of some of the people they had rescued just before.

However, there was one stare in particular that made him not know whether he should laugh or cry. Those eyes stared at his back so intently that he couldn't help but wonder if a hole would soon appear there.

On the other hand, 'Liang Peng' who was always the loudest kept silent and walked with his head down. His face was pale and his eyes flashed continuously with confused thoughts that no one could decipher.

It was understandable taking into account that he had been the only one who had been useless during the previous battle.

Arriving at the gymnasium door, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' subconsciously sighed in relief. She really needed to rest, since among all those present, she was the one who had fought the most fiercely to restrain 'Qiao Long'... It was no exaggeration to say that if not for her existence the entire group except 'Xun Tian' would have been wiped out.

"I'll go for a walk on my own so... you guys can go in without me." 

"Eh?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' raised her head and looked at the person who had just spoken with a surprised expression on her face, "Xun Tian, you don't need to rest?"

"Rest?" Bai Zemin blinked in confusion before realizing what she meant. He smiled bitterly and shook his head, "I am fine."

Rest? Rest from what? From his "fight" against 'Qiao Long'? 

If Bai Zemin had to rest after facing someone who at best could be compared to a level 26 or 27 soul evolver then his position as one of the mightiest Lower Existences in the cosmos would be a joke.

However, he did not mock 'Shangguan Bing Xue' because it was natural to think that he had just expended a lot of Spiritual Power to move at such speeds not to mention that strange ability to turn other people into dust.

After a few words, he left without saying more and soon disappeared beyond everyone's line of sight.

"Will he be alright on his own?" 'Wu Yijun' couldn't help but ask.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' glanced at her with a strange gleam in her eyes, and although she wanted to ask her best friend if she knew 'Xun Tian' from somewhere since he clearly moved today only to help her, she restrained herself.

"He'll be okay, probably." Although 'Shangguan Bing Xue' didn't know how strong 'Xun Tian' was, she had a feeling that his real strength was something she wouldn't be able to comprehend even if he explained it to her.

"But..." 'Wu Yijun' glanced sideways at the young man standing beside her and felt that she shouldn't ask the question she had in mind. Even so, she couldn't help herself and as she looked at the place where that person had disappeared, she asked, "He will return?"

"He will come back." 'Shangguan Bing Xue nodded. She looked at Sylvia for a moment before softly saying, "As long as she's here at least."

"Ah?" 'Chen He' looked at Sylvia in surprise, "Xun Tian is interested in Sylvia romantically?"

'Bai Zemin' looked at him as if he was looking at an idiot: "Romantically or not, it is undeniable that Xun Tian is interested in her. Why else would he ask to bring her with us even though she can't fight? She's even the only person he talks to freely."

Sylvia felt a little self-conscious and embarrassed when she felt several eyes on her. Particularly the beautiful young woman called 'Yijun' by the handsome guy who wouldn't leave her side; she was looking at her as some sort of rival, something Sylvia didn't understand.

"Anyway, let's go in already." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' shook her head.

She herself had many doubts and questions, but the first thing she needed to do was to rest properly.

...

Bai Zemin sat on the roof of an 11-story building, and as the strong winds blew over his face and tousled his hair, he looked at the green pearl in his right hand with a smile.

"Well, let's see what's the story with this."

This was the first time he had ever devoured the records of a living being this straightforward.

Basically, what he was doing was absorbing the main records of a living being without relying on the Soul Record!

Since arriving in this dimension, Bai Zemin had not received any notification from the Soul Record except at the beginning.

No matter how many zombies he killed, no notification flashed in his eyes.

There was only one occasion when his Spiritual Power increased slightly, and it occurred when he helped 'Shangguan Bing Xue' by restraining the giant beetle so that she could kill it safely, making Blood Manipulation mutate slightly in the process.

[You have absorbed ?????]

[You have learned the First Order level 5 active skill 'Air Manipulation']ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

[Because you have not gone through the universe's natural learning process, one of your available slots for active skills has been filled. Spaces currently available: 15.]

"Hahahaha!" Bai Zemin couldn't help but laugh from the bottom of his heart as he looked at the messages in front of him, "Finally! This is my fourth Manipulation-type skill!"

According to Fire Sorrow and Lilith, the weight that a Manipulation-type skill had on the soul of soul evolvers was so immense that a normal soul evolver would die in the attempt to learn one.

However, Bai Zemin had three Manipulation-type skills even if he set aside the terrifying EX-grade skill 'Soul Manipulation'!

[Despite your low level and Order, you just became the only existence ever capable of withstanding four universal laws at the same time. You are getting very close to the true power of Creation.]

[You have received a new title.]

[You have received the title 'Demigod'.]

[You have completed one of the requirements necessary to break the chains of time.]

[The power of your bloodline increases enormously.]

...

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3