Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin forgot about the world around him for a brief moment, and as he looked at the small green pearl in his right hand he couldn't help but feel like a little kid unwrapping Christmas presents.

His heart beat louder and irregularly.

On his usually indifferent face, there was a practically childish smile born from the depths of his soul.

His black eyes even shone as if there were dozens of stars twinkling within them.

'Although I can't be sure if this dimension's Qiao Long was an Air Manipulation carrier just like my dimension's, the odds are definitely not low.' Bai Zemin reasoned to himself, feeling increasingly excited.

He had been like this for over two minutes without realizing it.

Perhaps Bai Zemin himself was unaware that, somewhere in his heart, he was worried.

What if the records in his hands turned out not to be Air Manipulation but something different? Wouldn't he end up being disappointed?

Be that as it may, just as Bai Zemin planned to absorb the records of 'Qiao Long' he felt a series of footsteps walking in his direction.

​ "Are you... okay?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' felt somewhat foolish when she asked this question.

Was he okay?

Unlike her and the others who risked their lives to fight against 'Qiao Long', the person in front of her simply moved two or three times to finish off the enemy in an overwhelmingly superior manner.

While it was true that 'Qiao Long' was already on the verge of collapsing after expending most of his Spiritual Power, that last attack had more than enough power to kill anyone present. 

And yet, 'Xun Tian' took it head-on without taking the slightest damage; even his clothes resulted intact!

"I'm fine." Bai Zemin nodded with a faint smile, unaware of the other party's thoughts but aware that his demonstration of strength had surely been no small thing to the others. "I'm sorry, I didn't help sooner... But, I have my reasons for it."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at him with an extremely complicated expression in her eyes, and after a long time, she merely nodded, "I... understand."

Bai Zemin could feel how confused she was, but he could only force a smile and nod in her direction before turning away.

When he had just taken no more than a couple of steps to think a little closer to Sylvia, the voice of 'Shangguan Bing Xue' sounded from behind him.

"Wait a minute please."

Bai Zemin stopped and smiled bitterly in his heart, as even if she had not yet said anything he already knew what was coming: 'Bing Xue, as smart and sharp as ever uh...'

"Could you tell me... Could you tell me who you are at least?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue's voice was tens of levels softer compared to her usual coldness towards others. She took a step forward but stopped halfway before continuing from where she stood, "I know your real name is not Xun Tian."

'Of course...' Bai Zemin paused to think for a moment about what to say next.

However, he realized that there was no need to think things too much farther.

"Bing- The only thing I can tell you is that I am not your enemy in any way... Also, during the days to come I will limit myself as much as possible in terms of my interaction with any of you, as well as helping. Let's just say that today was an exception to the rule as someone I did not want in danger was in a precarious situation..." After saying these words, he continued on his way.

Right... There were only 23 more days until he could use the power of his Irregular title to return to his home world.

Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

'In less than a month I will disappear from all of their lives and they from mine, so it is best not to form strong ties as far as possible...' Bai Zemin smiled bitterly in his heart as he rested the weight of his body on his back and the wall of the building behind him: 'Although it is hard for me considering that I am aware of them, unlike them who know nothing about me.'

'Shangguan Bing Xue' stared at him silently from a distance for what seemed like a long time before closing her eyes. 

When she opened them again, that haze of confusion that made her uncomfortable had disappeared and, without a word, she turned to walk into the building along with the rest of the team whose wounds had improved considerably after drinking some of the diluted potion in her possession.

There wasn't much she could do in this kind of situation, particularly if the other party didn't want to or had his reasons for not talking too much.

'But it's okay... I'll naturally learn more about you over time.' She thought to herself without knowing that, in less than 1 month, that person would disappear from everyone's life and would never be seen again.

On the top floor of the building across the street, the handsome man standing next to 'Wu Yijun' watched her dazed expression for a couple of seconds before turning his face to look at the young man standing against the wall of a building more than 30 meters distance away.

Finally, he asked in a puzzled voice, "Yijun, do you know him?"

A flash of doubt and confusion shone in 'Wu Yijun's eyes as she responded still feeling extremely excited for some strange reason unknown to her.

"No... I'm not sure, to be honest..." She hesitated, and with her eyes still on the young man who had ended another person's life without even blinking, she slowly said, "I... I clearly have never seen or spoken to this person but... but for some reason I have a feeling that I should be close to him..."

"..." The handsome young man said nothing but glanced at the person across the street with a curious expression on his face.

In the distance, Bai Zemin refused to look towards the building on the other side of the street.

Although he could feel a pair of extremely emotional eyes fixed on his body, he did not need to raise his head to know who those eyes belonged to.

'As alike as they may be, they are different individuals.' Bai Zemin sighed in his heart. 'It would not be mature of me to form bonds with her in this dimension knowing that I will disappear from her life soon... Just let everything take its course naturally.'

And he certainly shouldn't be on that 'course' of things.

Because he shouldn't be here, to begin with; he didn't belong to this place.

"I knew you were way stronger than you wanted us to believe." 

A slightly excited, respectful, and somehow feverish voice brought Bai Zemin out of his thoughts.

Sylvia looked at him as if she was looking into her religion as she said in a low but excited voice, "Although I'm not sure why your looks changed, that day I saw you wearing ice-blue armor with white veins and an ancient bronze-colored spear... I'm sure I saw you wearing all kinds of equipment similar to that used by soldiers in the Middle Ages! But where are your weapons? Why are you hiding? Are you really God?"

Bai Zemin felt dizzy after being bombarded by the questioning machine gun.

He raised a hand to stop her, and when she finally fell silent, he slowly said, "My weapons are in storage because no one here is worthy of them. I don't hide, there is simply no need to interact too much with the people here. I am not God, and in fact you could say I am an enemy of all the Gods that exist depending on where you look at it from."

Sylvia, who did not expect to receive any answers to her questions, was very surprised when they were given to her just like that.

However, she only felt even more confused because those answers only gave rise to more questions.

'Now I understand why in novels usually the stronger ones don't tell the main character the whole thing. It just doesn't have any sense to do so because it will only lead to confusion and pressure on their mind.' Bai Zemin couldn't help but chuckle as he noticed Sylvia's confused expression, 'I wonder if Lilith would laugh with me for making such a comparison.'

He couldn't help but let a glint of sadness shine in his eyes at the thought of his beloved.

Although 7 days had passed for him, for her it was only 7 hours at most.

Fortunately, Sylvia was too lost in her own mind to notice the emotional fluctuation in his gaze. 

In the end, he simply said a couple of words before falling silent.

"Don't worry, I have no ill intentions towards those who have no ill intentions."

Although she still had many doubts in her heart, Sylvia felt it unnecessary to ask more. She nodded, but did not move away but leaned back against the wall as he did and stayed in silence.

The occasional growl of zombies or the beasts in the distance that always frightened her so much could no longer make her afraid.

'With him here, there is no need to fear.' She thought with a childish smile on her pretty face.

Apparently, she would finally be able to sleep comfortably tonight after so many days of sleeplessness brought on by fear.

Finally, several minutes later, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and the others came out of the building across the street with a small number of people behind them.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3