Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Several minutes later, Bai Zemin shook his head to clear his mind of thoughts that were not necessary at the moment.

Regardless of whether or not his plan was ever carried out in the not-so-distant future, and regardless of whether or not his plan worked despite the consequences its failure would bring, Bai Zemin knew that right now he had other matters to take care of first.

"Oh, right." His eyes suddenly flashed as he remembered that among the notifications he received earlier, there was one in particular that spoke specifically of his bloodline.

After a few minutes later, Bai Zemin finally finished reading his upgraded records and it didn't take him long to understand the situation he was in.

"So basically the effect of my bloodline grew but did not evolve into a higher ranked record, uh..." 

His bloodline was High Human, and it currently granted Bai Zemin 30% extra combat power when he faced enemies of human race or with records that were closely related to the human race in some way or another.

However, that was not all.

Putting aside the effect his bloodline had on females of the human race which increased Bai Zemin's natural charisma and charm tremendously, putting aside the passive effect which increased the power of his words on humans, and even putting aside the healing effect of his blood to other humans... his bloodline had just gained a small but not so small extra effect.

[By obtaining a certain number of records or a purity equivalent to that certain number you have a certain chance to acquire characteristics of other bloodlines].

Bai Zemin had always thought that perhaps in the relatively distant future he might eventually change his main race to one more advantageous for combat. At the end of the day, reality might be cruel but the fact that humans were weak compared to other races in fighting was undeniable.

However, that thought disappeared at this moment.

"... It seems that the name of the Transcendent faction now makes more sense than I expected back then." Bai Zemin muttered to himself before taking out both Annihilation of the Falling Sky and Longinus.

One spear was gold colored with dark-colored runes, dull for the most part.

The other spear was bronze colored with many dark-colored but glowing runes, clearly functional.

"How the hell am I supposed to do it?" Bai Zemin frowned as he held Annihilation of the Falling Sky and used the tip to touch the Godslayer Spear's body.

Of course, such a thing as Longinus being devoured by Annihilation of the Falling Sky did not happen.

"Did I make a wrong guess?" Bai Zemin frowned harder as he tried to wrack his brain thinking whether what he felt in his battle against Israfel was his mistake or not.

Back then, he clearly felt the golden spear in his hands trembling with excitement when the Supreme Pontiff wielding Longinus confronted them. 

However, Bai Zemin did not know what to do now as there was no way to absorb the bronze-colored spear and Annihilation of the Falling Sky gave no sign at all.

After thinking for a moment, Bai Zemin put away both weapons and in the next instant his person disappeared.

...

Collector's Pocket World.

The current Collector's Pocket World was very different compared to the time when Bai Zemin first entered it.

There were small mountains up to 300 meters high, the sky seemed to have risen, the weather changed occasionally, there were times of day and night at irregular intervals, small rivers and streams formed from time to time...  Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Although it could not yet compare to a world like Earth, the Collector's Pocket World was gradually beginning to look more and more to a real world.

Another advantage was that the time difference compared to the outside world had been adjusted and was now 12:1, which meant that 12 hours in the Collector's Pocket World was barely equivalent to 1 hour in the outside world!

"I wonder if that time difference was adjusted to this dimension? If that's the case wouldn't that mean that 12 hours in here would be equivalent to 1 hour on alternate Earth? Considering that the alternate Earth already has a 30:1 difference compared to the Earth of my dimension..." 

Bai Zemin muttered uncertainly as he walked towards the large mansion built not far from the largest tree in the entire Collector's Pocket World.

The mansion had five floors in total and stretched 300 meters long entirely.

Its plain walls were white with gold and silver lines between each floor, the windows ran from floor to ceiling, and the exterior was well-lit enough to keep the night away brightly thanks to the hundreds of azure-colored light fixtures that required only mana to run continuously.

Bai Zemin estimated that his now finished mansion could easily accommodate over 100.000 people; double that if they squeezed a little.

There were several people working there; working on the land, taking care of the domesticated mutant beasts, performing various experiments...

Bai Zemin greeted these people with respect, and they nodded with the same respect but also with reverence for him.

These people had lost almost everything for the most part and only sought revenge. But they knew they were too weak to do anything on their own so they could only rely on others to do the heavy lifting.

However, these people were true braves as far as Bai Zemin was concerned.

They, despite knowing that the time difference in here was much slower compared to Earth, decided to stay and live there to work their hardest for the sake of the faction.

They were literally giving up their lives to help the faction progress.

By the time 2 years had passed for them, 24 years would have passed in the outside world and nothing would be the same; their friends and family might not be alive by then!

Bai Zemin walked into the mansion and headed straight to the basement.

Arriving at the basement down the stairs, Bai Zemin was greeted by a vast hall of over 9000 square meters.

The hall appeared to be made of marble or a light-colored stone, and on the walls were luminous torches that thanks to the power of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame never stopped burning.

In the room were not only all the tools that Bai Zemin needed to work in his smithy but there were all kinds of tools needed to repair vehicles that definitely did not belong on Earth; these tools had been built in order to advance Earth technology within the next year, carrying out a revolutionary project that was being conducted in secret for more than two months.

Bai Zemin walked to a remote corner and silently observed the little snow-white-haired beauty.

She used her hands to touch and feel the large stone throne before her. Her wheelchair moved from side to side at her will, sometimes staying still in the same spot for a long time before moving to the next.

Approximately six hours later.

"Hey, where did you say you got this from?"

Bai Zemin opened his eyes slowly, as he had been trying to expand his connection with the universal space law gate, and looked forward with a slight smile.

"Kali, didn't you miss me?"

If Kali could open her eyelids she would probably be rolling her eyes as she said with a grimace, "Who would miss you?"

"Oh?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow and stood up.

Kali's expression, usually indifferent and cold to everyone, changed slightly.

"You... What do you want to do?" She sat up straight but did not back away as she sensed his approach.

Bai Zemin stopped only when he came within a step of her, and with a gust of wind he leaned down so that their faces were now no more than ten centimeters apart.

"It's been two days for you hasn't it? Since we last saw each other."

"It's only two days isn't it? No need to make a big fuss over such a pitiful amount of time."

"It's only two days, you say? Does that mean you didn't miss me at all?"

"...Like I said, who would miss you? I already told you not to treat me like a little child."

"Brat, see if I don't teach you a thing or two!"

"W- Wait a minute!"

"No mercy for you!"

"Please!"

"Now do you know how to ask please? Hmph, you really are a little pig who's not afraid of a tiger. I'll definitely take your breath away!"

A pretty maid was coming down the stairs at that moment but upon hearing the conversation inside the room she walked away with the snacks on the silver tray. Her face flushed as she muttered to herself.

A few minutes later, inside the room.

Kali was panting and her night-black dress was slightly wrinkled. Her always soft white hair was now slightly disheveled and on her pretty face a few beads of sweat slid silently down until they disappeared into her neck.

"You... One day you will be the death of me!" she shouted, still panting and unable to remove the smile from the corner of her lips.

"Hehe... Next time think twice before you say something!" Bai Zemin had a smug expression on his face as he opened and closed his two claw-like hands. "Otherwise I'll tickle you until you squirm like you just did!"

Bai Zemin and Kali had no idea that their earlier conversation had resulted in a big misunderstanding.

But in fact, the two were infinitely closer compared to before; even if they were already very close in the past.

This was because Bai Zemin made sure to visit Kali very, very regularly in the Collector's Pocket World; particularly now that Bai Shilin was not there to keep her company.

Kali was, without a doubt, the person who was closest to Bai Zemin at all times.

Similarly, Bai Zemin was basically Kali's world.

The now 16-year-old girl had become friends with Bai Shilin, Xiao Xiao, Luo Ning, and the Wen twins.... However, her relationship with Bai Zemin was in a completely different dimension; not even Seraphina who had saved Kali in the past could compare.

This was particularly true now that the two of them had only each other after arriving in an alternate dimension to that of their universe and home.

Kali had no family and no memories of her past, but she no longer felt empty as she once did even if she didn't show it or realize it.

Thanks to him, she was beginning to grow as a person as well.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3