Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"Group of 50 zombies in front!"

"Leave them to me, I got this!"

A couple of seconds after a female voice followed by the confident voice of a male echoed under the perhaps too hot sun, sounds of grunting accompanied by sharp cuts and things thumping on the ground resounded in the western area of the once prestigious Beijing University.

'Bai Zemin' moved swiftly like an unnatural gale, weaving in and out of the group of zombies with masterful ease. 

The iron rod in his hands had been sharpened to the maximum extent possible on the sides while the part he was clinging to had a black rubber band serving as a hilt. 

While the sharpness of the iron rod could not compare to that of a proper sword, it was more than enough to cut through the skins and flesh of the zombies when the strength and powerful cutting speed of 'Bai Zemin' was added to the equation. 

"H-He's really awesome." 'Lian Xuan' couldn't help but take half a step back from the half a hundred zombies, but seeing how 'Bai Zemin' killed them all one by one and with such ease, he couldn't help but open his eyes wide.

"I-Indeed." 'Wu Yijun' nodded, as did those closest to them.

Only two minutes later, 'Bai Zemin' beheaded the last zombie not before cutting off both of its arms.

He returned to the group and calmly said, "I could have done it faster, but I'd rather save fuel for now."

Although 'Shangguan Bing Xue' didn't know if he was trying to show off by saying those words, she nodded anyway: "You did the right thing. We don't know what we might run into after all."

The group encountered over 2000 zombies along the way; zombies they had to kill as they were blocking the path. While 2000 seemed like a very large number, the reality was cruel.

"We haven't even advanced 1/4 of the way to the exit..." 'Chen He' wiped the sweat from his forehead as he held a blood-soaked iron ball, "At this rate won't we all end up dead from exhaustion?"

"The problem isn't those damn zombies... The problem is these fellows who do nothing but scream and cry!" 'Liang Peng' pointed at the group of over 200 survivors and said angrily, "If it wasn't because we have to protect these dudes we could just leave most of the slow zombies behind instead of fighting like idiots!"

'Shangguan Bing Xue' glanced at him coldly but did not say a word, knowing that 'Liang Peng's words were true regardless of how harsh they sounded.

The students and teachers who lacked the courage to fight lowered their heads, some feeling embarrassed as they tried to hold back their sobs and whimpers.

​ ...

More than two hours had passed, and during that time, Bai Zemin finally found out what Sylvia's power was.

It was impossible for her not to be involved and forced to step forward when two or three zombies managed to break through the defenses of 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and the other three fighters.

Fighting to survive, advance, and protect over 200 people at the same time with only four people was not an easy task to accomplish.

A small group of five zombies managed to slip in and approach the group, much to the misfortune of the humans.

'Wu Yijun' as well as 'Lian Xuan' and the few who had seen 'Xun Tian' fight previously immediately retreated to be as close to him as possible, feeling safe only then.

As for this, Bai Zemin shrugged as he had no intention of lifting a single finger.

Sylvia, who at this point probably knew him better than anyone or most of those here, gritted her teeth at the same time as she took a step forward. Her body began to shine subtly and, as she extended both her hands outward, five small specks of pale green light flew silently toward the five zombies.

Bai. Zemin immediately narrowed his eyes as he saw her spring into action. 

The five zombies only advanced a few more steps before they stumbled, falling to the ground with five dull thuds.

Sharp-eyed Bai Zemin was quick to notice what the problem with these zombies was, but the realization stunned and shocked him beyond the marrow of his bones.

'Don't tell me this girl's ability is...' 

The very thought of it was enough to make his way of looking at Sylvia change noticeably even for her.

"I-I've been practicing a bit..." She revealed sheepishly, thinking he was amazed at how she was now able to control her ability much better compared to the past.

Bai Zemin said nothing, but in his agitated heart was awakening the feeling of greed as well as the desire to possess: 'This woman... I must make her follow me no matter what.'

In fact, Bai Zemin was usually unwilling to use Record Devastation unless the enemy deserved it in some way or another or simply because he had no other choice. 

However, Sylvia's power made him for the first time reconsider his own principles; that's how important she was, not even below Kali or Xia Ya in certain respects.

'Wu Yijun' observed the way 'Xun Tian' looked at Sylvia and couldn't help but bite her lower lip at the same time as her two small fists clenched almost to the point where her fingernails dug into her palms: 'What the hell is wrong with me... Why is it that every time I think of him my heart beats so hard and why does my mood turn gloomy when I see him being close to another girl? I don't even know him!'

Regardless of how hard she tried to reprimand herself, 'Wu Yijun' was evidently not good at controlling her emotions.

Seeing this, 'Lian Xuan' felt a surge of jealousy. This was probably the first time in his life that he felt jealous, in fact.

Just when he was thinking of stepping forward, fighting the zombies, and getting stronger...

Boom!!!

A thunderous explosion boomed in the distance.

"W-What the fuck!" 'Liang Peng' jumped back as he watched the building in the distance collapsing in a cloud of dust.

However, that wasn't all as as if that was the announcement of a great war....

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ...

What had to be hundreds if not thousands of gunshots resounded loudly at the same time.

Furthermore, whatever it was that had brought down that building and caused the most terrifying explosion at first began firing quite frequently.

"It's the army!" 'Wu Yijun' exclaimed loudly as she looked at her best friend about 40 meters ahead, "Bing Xue!"

"Everyone, get ready to run as orderly as possible!" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' definitely didn't need 'Wu Yijun' to explain what to do next right now: "We are moving forward to meet the army!"

The previous plan was to walk to save energy but now things had changed.

"It's the army!"

"Thank heavens!"

"We are safe hahaha!"

"This is awesome!"

"Help! We're here!"

They all threw down the heavy objects they were carrying and, to Bai Zemin's surprise, began to run in a considerably orderly fashion and without separating too far from the group of fighters who could keep them safe in case a new group of zombies or mutant insects appeared.

However, he still shook his head and muttered under his breath a single word.

"Idiots."

'Wu Yijun' had gotten close enough to him to hear his voice, so she was surprised when she heard him call them idiots.

"You... What do you mean?" she asked, surprised with herself for not getting angry.

"You'll see for yourself soon enough." Bai Zemin only smiled faintly.

'Wu Yijun' frowned and tried to think of what the problem could be. However, even though she sensed that something wasn't right, she couldn't think of anything that would prompt her to warn the others.

Several minutes later and with most of the survivors gasping for air, they finally reached what at this point did not look particularly different from a wasteland of destruction and death.

The sound of gunfire and explosions were now countless times clearer.

Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

In front of them, an army of approximately 1000 to 1500 humans dressed in camouflaged clothing and armed with light machine guns and rifles were firing in practically continuous bursts at a flash of green light that moved faster than the ghosts.

Approximately a dozen military vehicles were in pieces and crushed to bits. Some of them looked as if they had been cut by an incredibly sharp sword.

More terrifying, however, were the two brown war tanks at the front of the group; it was these two monsters that brought down more than a dozen buildings in the vicinity.

"FIRE! KILL THAT DAMN MONSTER!"

The voice of the captain or commander in charge that was not different from the roar of a beast resounded loudly even amidst the explosions, making this person's power evident.

And yet, even someone this strong seemed to be helpless against the enemy they faced.

Suddenly, the flash of green light stopped for a split second and moved faster than before, charging in a direction no one expected.

"T-That thing is coming this way!" a soldier holding a handgun and a sword screamed in terror as his intuition warned him of the impending danger.

Unfortunately, the poor man didn't even have time to take half a step back before his body was cut in two halves.

The cut was perfect, and the hot blood along with the shriek of pain from the victim were enough to freeze the blood of even veteran soldiers with battlefield experience.

An instant after the man's death, an extremely unpleasant screeching sound similar to that of two sandpapers powerfully rubbing against each other echoed for a few seconds followed by a thunderous explosion that took several lives in the process.

"W-What?!" 

'Lian Xuan' stumbled as the sight in front of him made him turn pale.

"How can this be possible...?" 'Wu Yijun's pupils shrank as she stared at the war tank that, after being cut in two, exploded in a dense cloud of fire and smoke.

That's the king of the earth for God's sake!

But even more terrifying, however, was that flash of green light that was still moving as fast as before, proving that the previous explosion had not damaged it in the slightest.

It was then that 'Wu Yijun' understood the reason why 'Xun Tian' called them idiots earlier.

'Even the well-armed army was having trouble dealing with an enemy... Running towards them under such a situation is no different from asking for trouble.' When she realized this fact, she couldn't help but turn to look at him with extremely complicated eyes: 'Who are you in reality...?'

Although coming to such a conclusion seemed simple and obvious, only someone with a lot of experience in survival and crisis situations could think of such a thing when the situation was already so bad.

Bai Zemin's expression was indifferent, and as he stared at the 'flash of green light' he couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

Among everyone here, he was pretty sure that only he could see the true identity of the enemy.

"Thank heavens I killed that thing on day 1," he muttered to himself as he stared at the huge green mantis over 3 meters tall.

Bai Zemin still remembered his first hardest battle, the one that was not fought against the First Order beetle but against the level 25 mantis that was on the verge of evolving.

This mantis seemed to be the same but in an alternate dimension, a dimension in which it was not killed in the early days.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3