Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The mantis was probably one of the most terrifying insects in existence when it came to its overall characteristics as a complete being.

Its movement and attack speed were overwhelming among those of its size, the ferocity of its bite was capable of piercing the armor of a rhinoceros beetle with ease, the strength in its legs was enough to help it to jump great heights compared to its small size; all this while adjusting angle and direction in less than 100 milliseconds.

However, the fiercest weapons of a mantis were undoubtedly the two front legs that could cut as if they were sickles of the god of death.

Boom!

A new vehicle exploded into flames, and both the driver and the soldier in charge of firing the heavy machine gun on the back were killed on the spot while five men were sent flying with injuries of varying severity after being knocked out by the shockwave.

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed as he watched the agile movements of the mantis, which together with its ghostly speed and the two sharp blades attached to its front legs made it a truly terrifying monster.

Although the green mantis' movements were no different from a snail's in his eyes, Bai Zemin admitted in his heart that the mutant creature's speed was enough to turn it into a great supreme overlord if it was allowed to grow.

Not for nothing did the saying go that of all the forces that existed speed reigned supreme when it reached the limit.

"C-Captain Shan, there are some kids over there!" A soldier who noticed the group of newcomers shouted as he stepped back to reload his rifle.

Captain Shan was trying to find a way to deal with the monster in front of him before his squad cleared so he shouted without caring at all about the lives of others, "Worry about dealing with that damn thing first! Lure it here and I'll do the rest!"

Although the order was somewhat cruel, no soldier hesitated and they continued firing fiercely.

Their lives depended on this after all.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' quickly realized that not only would they not receive protection, but their lives were also in danger just by staying in this place.

"Stand back, all of you!"

At her urgent cry, Bai Zemin nodded forward with his eyes set in the distance, "It's too late for that now."

'Shangguan Bing Xue's pupils contracted to the size of a needle as every hair on her body stood up horribly at the greatest sense of danger she had ever felt in her entire life.

Out of the corner of her eyes, she barely managed to catch a glimpse of a green flash abruptly changing its direction and charging towards her team.

'Why...?' Such a thought crossed her mind as she did not understand why on earth this terrifying enemy would change its mind and decide to suddenly attack them.

Bai Zemin raised a hand with the intention of helping her, as he definitely did not want to see her die in front of him: 'Even if she is not the Bing Xue I know, she is still Bing Xue at the end of the day...'

However, out of the corner of his eye, he saw an image that made him change his mind.

"Scram!"

The furious voice of 'Chen He' followed by a powerful explosion resounded even amidst the gunfire in the distance.

A steel ball the size of a tennis ball shot out from his hand towards the mantis at speeds somehow no less than a high caliber bullet.

'His intuition is very good, his vision top-notch, and his talent probably not much lower compared to the Chen He of my universe.' Bai Zemin's eyes shone mysteriously as he activated Air Manipulation silently, 'Too bad, the difference in power is too much for him to deal with it.'

While 'Chen He's' shot was fabulous, the mantis had no trouble at all dodging it.

Everyone watched as the green flash moved to the left for an instant before returning to its previous position without breaking its charge, but such a small movement was enough to shatter 'Chen He's hopes.

It was then that the iron ball suddenly made a U-turn, and at speeds that were easily twenty times faster it slammed into the mantis.

Shriek!

From the moment 'Shangguan Bing Xue's' life was in danger until the mantis' high-pitched shriek echoed across the battlefield only a second or two had passed at most.

The monster's footsteps stopped for the first time, revealing its hideous appearance to the world.

"Ah?" 'Chen He' opened his eyes wide looking at the mantis whose left front leg had disappeared: 'This.... What's this all about? I'm sure I failed the shot!' he thought in shock.

The soldiers subconsciously stopped firing for an instant, and it was at that instant that 'Bai Zemin' rushed forward at full speed.

"I'll borrow this!" He slid across the ground, and using both hands managed to lift the left limb of the mantis.

An instant later he sensed danger, and accompanied by a roar of his own he slashed fiercely backwards using his new weapon.

Boom!

"Ugh!" 'Bai Zemin' growled and his body was buried in the ground by the immense strength of the mantis attack that took him by surprise.

However, 'Bai Zemin's efforts were taken advantage of by his team.

"Go to hell!"

'Liang Peng' jumped several meters up, and when his body was dragged down by the gravity of the world he fiercely struck with the pillar he was holding.

Boom!!

Although the mantis managed to cover up in time, the same thing that happened to 'Bai Zemin' happened to it as its body fell to the ground, slightly numb from the impact.

The mantis suddenly sensed mortal danger as the temperature around it plummeted. Unfortunately, when its eyes opened all it saw were a dozen blue flashes cutting in its direction.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

In the distance, the soldiers watched wide-eyed as more than twenty ice spears pierced the mantis' body; legs, back, sides, and even the head.

"This..." A rather pretty brave-looking woman lowered the iron bow in her hand and looked at the over 2-meter tall man next to her, "C-Captain..."

Captain Shan's eyes flashed, and after a long time, he waved his hand as he announced in a cold voice: "The enemy has been neutralized. Set up a secure perimeter to rest... Besides, I want a count of our losses in this battle."

"About those people...?"

"I'll take care of them, Lieutenant."

"Roger!"

In the distance, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' sighed in relief as she slowly lowered her hands that were pointing towards the sky.

"That was a close call..." She whispered to herself. Then, she suddenly frowned as she turned to look at 'Chen He', "That from before...?"

"I..." 'Chen He' hesitated, not knowing what to say.

That definitely hadn't been his ability. 

'Chen He' knew very well that his special ability was to accelerate objects thrown by his hands to speeds x10 times the strength of his arm when using spiritual power.

'But, what was all that...?' Despite his doubts, he smiled slightly and said confidently, "I think my ability evolved or something? I'm not too sure myself."

"Is that so...?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' nodded but somehow felt that something didn't seem entirely right. She soon dismissed those thoughts, and a faint but very beautiful smile peeked out from the corner of her lips, "Thank you. Just now, you saved my life."

The hearts of many male students trembled as this was the first time they had seen such a beautiful smile. However, it was 'Chen He's already racing heart that began to beat faster.

"I- I- It's nothing..." He muttered, dumbfounded and staring at her beautiful face fixedly.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' shook her head in her heart, but she did not say anything. Subconsciously or not, she glanced at 'Wu Yijun' and then at 'Xun Tian' with unknown thoughts in her head.

'Bai Zemin' stood up with great difficulty, and although his left arm was broken he couldn't help but laugh, "Well, that was a great shot indeed!"

"That was really stunning..." Even 'Liang Peng' who usually had a bad mood couldn't help but praise 'Chen He.'

On the other hand and while everyone was looking at 'Chen He' with surprise and joy, Sylvia looked at him coldly from a distance. She narrowed her eyes and turned to look at the person standing next to her who acted as if nothing: "It was you right?"

Even if she didn't know how strong 'Xun Tian' was, in Sylvia's heart he was a godlike existence. 

His current appearance was handsome but still within the limits acceptable to humans. However, Sylvia knew that his true appearance could only be described as divine when she saw him wearing an armor and holding a spear like a warrior from heaven sent to save mankind.

However, Bai Zemin wasn't paying attention to either Sylvia or the romantic child's game. He didn't even care about 'Chen He's lie since there was a reason why he did what he did.

At this moment, his eyes were fixed in the distance, staring intently at one particular person.

"To think that I didn't have to go looking for you and you sent yourself to my door on your own..." Bai Zemin muttered to himself, leaving Sylvia who was paying attention to his every move perplexed.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3