Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Shan Li's' expression changed noticeably for anyone watching the situation.

A soldier who came out of his daze quicker than the rest grimaced as he muttered under his breath, "It's over. That guy is done."

A man in his 40s dressed as a military man also shook his head as he let out a deep sigh, "Young men these days aren't as smart as the ones in the past..."

Soon, several survivors began to point their fingers and mutter under their breath, making a symphony of noise unpleasant to the ears.

Of course, apart from the soldiers who knew 'Shan Li's strength well, not even the survivors who had spent half a month together with 'Xun Tian' believed that he would meet a good end.

Leaving aside 'Shan Li's alias, 'Bloodthirsty Captain', the entire area was surrounded by soldiers armed to the teeth. 

There was no need for 'Shan Li' to lift a finger; a single word from him would probably be enough to end the life of the young student who was trying to play the hero saving the belle!

'Shan Li' looked at the young man who had caught him by the wrist, and with his hand still extended forward but neither moving forward nor backing away asked in a cold voice, "Brat, what are you doing?"

Bai Zemin's eyes shone with a strange light as he muttered to himself.

It had been quite a while since anyone had spoken to him in that tone on Chinese soil; particularly referring to him as brat in an unfriendly manner.

"Just for the record but..." Bai Zemin looked at 'Shan Li' without the slightest expression of panic on his face as he said indifferently, "They say those who answer a question with a question are idiots, did you know that?"

"What?" 'Shan Li' asked in confusion.

Soon, however, he saw the corner of the young man's mouth lift slightly in a sneer and 'Shan Li' finally realized what was happening.

Indeed, when he looked at his surroundings, 'Shan Li' noticed that some people were giving him strange glances as he had just fallen into the trap of a young man in his 20s.

"You're courting death, kid..." 'Shan Li' pulled back forcefully as he said those words coldly, thinking that freeing himself from an ordinary kid would be a simple task.

However...

"Uh?" 'Shang Li' opened his eyes wide when he realized that he couldn't even pull his arm back a single inch. 

In fact, it was only now that he realized that a normal person could never have reacted to his seemingly simple but fast catching move from earlier.

'Shan Li' was a cunning person who had reached his position not only by his strength but also by his brains, therefore, he quickly made up his mind.

"I don't know why you're making such a big deal out of this." 'Shan Li' sighed and shook his head as if he was sad about something, "I simply said that I would bring her in front of the base government to rate her based on her ability, that's all. They'll even give her great benefits, unlike normal survivors who might have to sleep in unpleasant places due to lack of resources."

"Ah?" 

" ... What's going on?"

"I don't know..."

"Captain Shan, he..."

The people who were watching the fun, particularly the soldiers, were surprised when they saw the ever fierce 'Shan Li' suddenly becoming kind like an old man explaining things to his junior.

Only a couple of really strong people seemed to notice something as they looked at the claw-like hand of the young man who was even now tightly restraining Captain 'Shan Li's wrist, not letting it go at all.

"Shity retard." 'Bai Zemin' muttered from afar before turning around and walking into the city.

Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"I think I understand now what people mean when they say all brawn and no brains." 'Liang Peng' grimaced and followed closely behind.

'Chen He' hesitated as he watched the scene, and after a moment of doubt asked in a low voice, "Bing Xue, what shall we do...?"

Step in? It wasn't a good idea considering they had just arrived and didn't even know how things worked now that the world had changed.

Besides, with so many soldiers and guns pointing only a madman would try to get in trouble with a Captain.

Even if 'Chen He' was strong he knew it was still impossible for him to dodge a hail of bullets! A single shot to the head would mark the end of the road for him!

"Wait and see." She said.

Although 'Shangguan Bing Xue's words were cold just like her expression, she was already gathering energy in her right hand and there was a slight amount of icy mist around her arm.

"Sylvia, do you want to go with him?" Bai Zemin looked at the American beauty and asked calmly, taking his eyes off the sturdy man as if he really wasn't afraid of being attacked by sneak attack.

Sylvia looked at 'Shan Li' and firmly shook her head, "I don't want to. I'd like to go with you even if it's to a small hut."

'Shan Li's expression sank as Bai Zemin glanced at him again indifferently, "That's what she said. Are you going to force her?"

If Sylvia was a superhuman then 'Shan Li' knew that he needed to take her to the government building or else he might get into serious trouble. After all, letting loose a superhuman with seemingly a powerful ability could eventually become a big problem for the entire base since no one knew what they might do at certain times or under certain circumstances.

'What should I do?' 'Shan Li' frowned tightly as he found himself in a big predicament.

The young man blocking his way was powerful, presumably no weaker than him.  To fight him just like that could end in his defeat, and if he asked for help from other people his prestige would plummet. 

The wisest thing to do would be to take both superhumans to the government building, but how was 'Shan Li' supposed to force someone who was no weaker than he was to do something the other party didn't want to do?

"Captain Shen, could you please let my two friends go?" 

A sweet voice that brought some anxiety suddenly rang out from the crowd, drawing everyone's attention.

Everyone's eyes turned to the source of the sound and made way for a pretty young black-haired beauty, who with quick steps approached the center of the trouble with an anxious look in her large dark eyes.

"Who is this girl?"

"I don't know..."

"Is she crazy? Does she think Captain Shen will listen to her just because she's a hottie?"

The soldiers began to voice their opinions while the survivors were silent as they had learned the identity of the young black-haired beauty during the road.

"Young Miss Wu." 'Shan Li' frowned, but suddenly his expression relaxed as he thought of something.

He looked at the young man beside him deeply before nodding with a faint smile, "Since the Prime Minister's granddaughter is asking me for a favor I will listen. But, Young Miss Wu, if something bad happens because of these two..."

Although 'Shan Li' did not finish his words, even an ape should be able to understand what he meant.

"I'll take responsibility for it." 'Wu Yijun' nodded with a serious expression that was too cute on her baby face: "I know them both. They are definitely good people."

"In that case, I'll step back for now. I must report this to my superiors anyway." 'Shan Li' looked at Bai Zemin and said in a serious voice: "Do you plan to continue holding my hand? If you want to follow me to the headquarters that's fine by me."

Bai Zemin looked him in the eyes, and when he noticed the glint in his gaze slowly let go of his wrist.

'Shan Li' snorted and walked away, shouting orders for everyone to move and continue working with the survivor process.

Sylvia sighed in relief, barely managing to stand as she muttered, "Thank god..."

Although she trusted 'Xun Tian', facing an army armed with modern weapons was not something a 21-year-old girl could do simply by setting her mind to it.

In fact, it was a miracle that she still sided with 'Xun Tian' and did not follow 'Shan Li'.

"Are you okay?" 'Wu Yijun' approached the two and asked with persistent concern. Her eyes lingered more on 'Xun Tian' when she asked that question.

Bai Zemin looked at her and nodded with a faint smile, "Thanks to you things were resolved peacefully."

"I... " 'Wu Yijun' bit her lip, and after hesitating for a long time she whispered with a flushed face, "Would you like to come to the place they will give me to stay? Although I don't know if it will be good or not, just in case... Of course, you can come too if you like, Sylvia."

Bai Zemin stared at her, realizing that she was still worried and feared that the army would do something against him from the shadows.

Although there was no need to worry, Bai Zemin decided to accept 'Wu Yijun's invitation when he felt Sylvia's tug on his shirt sleeve.

'Lian Xuan' snorted when he saw the three of them leaving together, and after hesitating for several minutes he approached a soldier with a resolute expression in his eyes, "Big brother, I'd like to sign up for the army to fight the zombies!"

On the other side, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' sighed in relief when she saw that things settled down. She watched the trio's back for a long time before walking towards the base together with 'Chen He' and a guide, hoping in her heart that her residence was not too far away from her best friend's place.

...

Night fell fast over the world.

Bai Zemin didn't pay much attention to the residence, but apparently, it was quite good when compared to that of normal survivors.

Even 'Wu Yijun' this princess was quite satisfied with the place they had arranged for her once her identity was confirmed with a simple long-distance call.

...

In a rather well-lit building with two floors, a group of four maids brought a variety of delicious dishes to the table along with a bottle of red wine and two glasses.

Although it had only been about 20 days since the world changed, many things were different; particularly people's hearts. The world was no longer as organized as before, even within the human settlement controlled by the army and the government.

'Shan Li' let one of the girls pour a glass of wine for him and another for the person sitting on the opposite side of the table. 

"You four can go now." He waved a hand casually.

When the four young ladies left and closed the wooden door behind them, 'Shan Li' looked at the big bear-like man who was even bigger than him and smiled.

"Brother Mu, are your little brothers ready? This is a big job."

The person called Brother Mu stared at 'Shun Li' deeply as he said in a hoarse voice, "You want to kill even the granddaughter of that old man surnamed Wu... Are you sure you can control the patrols?"

"Did I ever lie to you?" 'Shan Li' snorted. His eyes flashed coldly as he said slowly, "That brat is strong, I know. But if you and I work together, he doesn't stand a chance... As long as we finish everything in less than 10 minutes, by the time the troops arrive on the scene everyone in that house will be bloody corpses."

"... If it wasn't for the fact that you saved my mother's life I would never help you with this madness of yours." The bear man shook his head before asking, "When?"

"Not today," 'Shan Li' said in a deep voice: "Tomorrow night will be the moment."

Just then, a voice thick with contempt sounded inside the room.

"Tomorrow? Why wait so long? Let's do it now!"

'Shan Li' and the person called Brother Mu froze in their places. They both saw the disbelief in each other's eyes as they stared at the other.

The worst blow had been taken by 'Shan Li' because he could recognize that voice easily!

When he turned his head and looked at the person sitting next to him, drinking his glass of wine, 'Shan Li' felt as if he was looking at a ghost.

"You..."

Bai Zemin raised the now empty glass towards him with a smile on his face, "Good wine!"

In fact, he knew that 'Shan Li' was going to cause him problems when he saw the glint in his eye before he left. Then, Bai Zemin decided to take advantage of the fact that the other side hated him and wanted to cause him problems to do what he was planning to do anyway.

Now he would not feel any kind of regret in his heart.

Shan Li's face turned pale, and with a roar, he stood up.

...

Five minutes later, Bai Zemin's Gravity Manipulation skill had not only evolved to the Fourth Order but also mutated. 

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3