Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[You have absorbed ????]

[Because you have obtained the direct records of a single skill which you already have, records which made up 95% of another living being's existence, your Gravity Manipulation skill has undergone a mutation].

[Gravity Manipulation has been promoted to the pinnacle of the Fourth Order!]

____________

[Gravity Manipulation (Fourth Order Active Skill) Level 5: Gravity Manipulation is the ability to manipulate one of the four fundamental forces that govern and shape the universe. By manipulating gravity, users can emulate Telekinesis and Flight, can attract and repel objects, can create local gravity fields to immobilize and even crush their opponents. Powerful enough users could potentially distort time and space and create black and/or white holes].

[Consumes 1000 Mana points to activate indefinitely. The user can increase the gravity of any world up to 500 times maximum at the current stage. NOTE: Worlds below the Second Stage have a high chance of being destroyed if Gravity Manipulation is used to its full extent].

[Second activation (Ruler of All Matter):...]

[Third activation (White Hole): White holes absorb energy for a short period of time and then expel it again in the opposite direction from which it came, unlike black holes that devour everything. Effect: Absorbs 70% of anything and releases it as energy. It consumes 3000 Mana points on its first activation but doubles its consumption with each use (No usage limit)].

____________

Standing in the middle of the bloody room, Bai Zemin smiled happily as he saw that his skill had not only gone up a full Order but had even undergone an obvious mutation.

"The destructive power increased by probably double, and now I can even use Gravity Manipulation to fly or attract objects as if I were using Telekinesis, which basically gave me free skills without using up any slots." 

More importantly, though...

"I can finally use White Hole at will!" Bai Zemin began to dance in the midst of the bloody fog that covered the room, "I can even feel my space knowledge growing even now!"

Even if the consumption of the third activation of Gravity Manipulation was terrifying, White Hole was a practically supreme defensive ability when it came to resisting attacks too strong for the user to take.

In fact, it was only thanks to White Hole that Bai Zemin survived when he was ambushed by one of Hero City's cannons manipulated by Thao Zhi, and it was also thanks to this third activation that he managed to survive when the Fifth Order phoenix attacked him in the sun.

"Alright." After he calmed the happiness in his heart, Bai Zemin looked at the surroundings and grimaced, "I only used Blood Manipulation casually to kill that human bear but he ended up exploding in the end..."

As for 'Shan Li', he naturally turned into dust after Bai Zemin used Record Devastation on him; the arrogant man practically begged with his eyes as Bai Zemin held him up by the neck with a sneer.

"Oh well, whatever." Bai Zemin shrugged before pulling out a submachine gun from his storage ring, "It's been a while since I last used one of these."

Then, he began firing furiously towards the ceiling.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! ...

The sound of gunfire echoed loudly in the middle of the night, and the beautiful maidens working there immediately ran out of the building while screaming for help or crying in terror.

Several seconds later and after emptying two magazines, Bai Zemin felt several auras approaching him.

"That's the signal for my departure." He laughed like a fiend and put away the submachine gun. "Thanks for the wine!"

Then, he took out a dozen grenades and a fire extinguisher, and while activating Invisibility, he casually threw them.

When Bai Zemin disappeared, a gust of unnatural wind blew over all the grenades, resulting in all of them losing their safety locks.

Boom!!!

The approaching soldiers and policemen stopped abruptly, and some fell to the ground while screaming.

A large cloud of smoke and fire rose from the building 70 meters ahead, collapsing completely as the flames consumed it.

The flames were more than evident in the darkness of the night.

"My God..." A soldier with rank took off his hat and pulled it to his chest as he stared at the cloud of fire and smoke in front of him.

...

The night became extremely hectic.

Police and military vehicles roaming the streets with men armed to the teeth, patrols with stern expressions eyed everyone still outside their houses with suspicion, and the frightened survivors quickly retreated for fear of being involved in something they had nothing to do with.

It didn't even take Bai Zemin a minute to arrive at 'Wu Yijun's' residence, and neither she nor Sylvia noticed when he replaced his lightning clone that had been resting with its eyes closed on the couch.

Five minutes after he returned, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' walked in through the door with an extremely serious expression on her face.

"Bing Xue?" 'Wu Yijun' had been chatting with Sylvia while occasionally stealing glances at the person sitting not far away from them, but when 'Wu Yijun' saw the expression on her friend's face, as well as her hurried walk, she realized that something bad had happened, "What's happening?"

It was at that moment that Bai Zemin casually opened his eyes, calmly looking into the blue eyes of the white-haired beauty who had just walked in unannounced.

"Captain Shan Li was killed at his residence less than ten minutes ago." 

"What?!" 'Wu Yijun' stood up abruptly with an expression of disbelief on her face, "How can that be possible? All of us saw that he is no weaker than Chen He and the rest!"

They were at the government base for crying out loud!

'Wu Yijun' couldn't believe that someone that strong couldn't even hold out until the reinforcements stationed not too far from his house arrived!

"That could only mean that the person who did it was strong enough." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' had not taken her eyes off 'Xun Tian' from the moment she stepped into the room. Her voice was non-judgmental but rather calm, and her stare analytical: "A few minutes ago, several gunshots were heard and followed by an explosion. It seems that the assassin killed 'Shan Li' using heavy armament."

"This... That's impossible, isn't it?" 'Wu Yijun' quickly shook her head as she pointed out, "Bing Xue, only the army has heavy armaments. Survivors can barely have knives and superhumans are closely watched by the government in the base... Unless someone in the army wanted Captain Shan dead."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' said nothing, and seeing that she was still staring at him, Bai Zemin shook his head and let out a sad sigh.

"What a pity... He seemed to be a nice character."

When his voice fell, Sylvia couldn't stop the corner of her mouth from twitching a couple of times as 'Shangguan Bing Xue' automatically rolled her eyes.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' was suspicious of 'Xun Tian' as soon as she heard the news, and Sylvia was completely sure that it had been his doing when she heard it. 

Then, when the two beautiful women heard his previous words, they both confirmed the identity of the murderer 200%.

At least make a little effort to refuse or hide it! That was what 'Shangguan Bing Xue' wanted to shout in his face but held back.

Instead, she slowly said, "Xun Tian, it is possible that many people will target you as a suspect because of what happened today at the entrance of the base."

"Ah?" 'Wu Yijun' reacted first than the others. She shook her head repeatedly while saying in a serious voice, "No, no, no... Bing Xue, both Sylvia and I... even the maids in the house can vouch for the fact that he was here all this time!"

"Calm down a little," 'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at her friend with a frown before saying, "I'm not saying that I suspect him, I'm just stating the facts. Besides, your testimony and Sylvia's will be very probably dismissed. Those of the maids might be useful though, depending on how things turn out."

"How can this be possible..." 'Wu Yijun' started to panic but she quickly shook her head firmly, "No! Even if I have to talk to Grandfather, I-"

"It's okay." Bai Zemin interrupted her.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at him for a long time before sighing, "You... Aren't you scared? Even if you are strong, the army's modern weapons are not things our flesh can deal with."𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Bai Zemin winced involuntarily when he heard her words, as he used to think the same way in the past; that's how ignorant he used to be.

But now?

Unless Bai Zemin stood with his eyes closed without moving and without using any skills, the only modern weapon in this world that could kill him was a nuclear missile hitting him in the head!

Of course, he wouldn't say those words because no one would believe him anyway; this wasn't his Earth after all.

"I appreciate your concern for me, but it's not necessary, really." Bai Zemin shook his head, and after hesitating for a moment, he said softly, "I am far stronger than you think... So you don't need to worry about my safety."

Stronger than we think? 'Shangguan Bing Xue frowned as she still couldn't help but worry somewhere in the corner of her heart.

The same was true for 'Wu Yijun' and Sylvia, so Bai Zemin could only smile bitterly.

It was hard for them to imagine the scope and magnitude of his strength after all, and even more unimaginable was the thought of a human being facing an entire army without any danger.

Such things only happened in movies or fantasy books, not in real life.

Indeed, several men armed to the teeth soon arrived at the residence of 'Wu Yijun' to inquire about 'Xun Tian' and Sylvia.

Although the testimony of the maids working in the house helped a lot as there was no way for them to get attached to people they had barely known for a few hours, more than 20 heavily armed soldiers were left nearby not to guard but to prevent the suspects from slipping away.

...

Five days later.

It was only about a week before the cooldown time of the Irregular title reset to 0 and Bai Zemin could return home.

During the past five days, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' always visited 'Wu Yijun's residence without fail in the evenings and stayed there for several hours before leaving each time more and more unwell than the previous time.

'Chen He' began to make visits from the third day after learning that 'Shangguan Bing Xue' went there every day without a miss.

'Lian Xuan' who had enlisted in the army also appeared a few times, but it seemed that for some reason 'Wu Yijun' no longer saw him as an outstanding person or a possible future partner.

On that particular day, Bai Zemin was thinking that he should prepare to make his last moves before returning.

At his side, Sylvia was following him closely without ever leaving his side. 

'Wu Yijun' was also unwilling to leave his side and so she was also present as the three of them walked through the streets of the base.

Of course, more than 20 soldiers were following the group from afar as 'Xun Tian' and Sylvia were still suspected in the events of the past few days.

Suddenly, several foghorns began to blare loudly inside the facility and the streets became turbulent as police officers and patrolling soldiers began to order the survivors to go into the nearest buildings.

One of the soldiers following the group approached and hurriedly shouted that they should return immediately.

"W-What's the problem?" 'Wu Yijun' asked with a pale face.

"W-we don't know!" The soldier shook his head, also pale: "You three must hurry back before the zombies arrive!"

'Wu Yijun' nodded hurriedly and pulled Sylvia's hand, "L-Let's return quickly."

Only Bai Zemin was not paying attention to the conversation, as his face wore a deep frown as he looked up at the sky in the distance.

Zombies? No, zombies were not the real problem.

In a world like this, feeling danger was absurd to Bai Zemin.

However, he could sense that danger was closing in.

There was only one explanation; it couldn't be someone from this Earth.

"Don't tell me..." 

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3