Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

"We need support at gate number 3!"

"The zombies are closing fast from the north!"

"Captain, we are being surrounded!"

"Hold on for another ten minutes! The first gate will be able to send reinforcements in another ten minutes!"

"R-Roger!"

"Gate number 4 will also be able to send backup soon! Don't let them break the last defense even if it means your life!"

...

The sound of gunfire accompanied by explosions echoed everywhere.

No matter if it was north, south, east, or west; the four cardinal points and their derivatives had become bloody and deadly battlefields where humans and zombies fought against each other.

About two hours had passed, but the battle seemed to have barely begun.

Blood, broken limbs, heads, fragmented bones... The scene was worthy of becoming the best and most terrifying survival horror movie of the year were it not for the fact that everything that was happening was 100% real.

The human army was composed of approximately 100.000 men, and only 1/10th of them were superhumans willing to fight on the front lines.

On the other hand, the zombie army easily numbered over 2.000.000 in total!

Although humanity had war tanks, IFVs, grenades, missile launchers, combat helicopters, and heavy machine guns capable of firing dozens of bullets per second; the defense of the camp was simply too low.

With only a few wooden fences and truck tires serving as walls, the zombies could easily slip through if the human soldiers did not protect the perimeter.

A single zombie breaking through the perimeter defense was all it took for the human camp to collapse completely; a single zombie could infect one human, and then those two could infect two to double their numbers more and more.

Boom!!!

A big dark brown war tank fired its main cannon, and this single shot was enough to sweep away more than a twenty zombies in an instant.

"Back off! Hurry!"

However, the war tank was forced to back up as the endless wave of zombies continued to advance.

Swoosh!

At that moment, a gust of wind blew past the war tank and the next thing the soldiers inside knew was that several zombie heads flew through the air with great torrents of blood splashing everywhere.

"Get out of here!" 'Bai Zemin' brandishing a giant steel axe shouted without looking back.

Every movement of his hands caused the wind to shake wildly, and the nearby zombies that weren't shattered by the blow or decapitated by the axe's blade were sent flying a couple of meters backwards.

"It looks like the first gate finally managed to overcome the zombies." One of the soldiers in the battle tank sighed in relief.

"Back, back!" The commander in the war tank shouted as he stared ahead in admiration, "I'm afraid that among all the superhumans probably only he can still fight like this after several hours wielding that thing!"

'Bai Zemin's eyes were serious and seemed bloodshot as the number of zombies falling by his hands grew exponentially second by second.

If one were to look at the scene from the sky one would see that, in the midst of the sea of zombies, a single figure surrounded by over two hundred bodies was moving back and forth as he killed and dodged the attack of his enemies.

The problem was that the number of enemies was simply too overwhelming.

"Fuck off!" 

However, he continued to slash furiously.

Behind him, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' gasping for breath slashed with the ice sword in her hands at a much slower speed. 

Her lovely body was surrounded by a faint layer of warm fog, the result of sweat covering her soft skin. Her ever-cold eyes showed increasing weariness, her face too beautiful for this world was pale, and her arms were trembling as if they were about to give up just like her legs.

"Monster..." She muttered between constant gasps.

'Bai Zemin' did not have an ability to create ice like 'Shangguan Bing Xue' nor did he have an ability to power up the items he threw like 'Chen He'. He also did not have an ability that gave him knowledge of firearms or anything in particular.

However, 'Bai Zemin's special ability was simply perfect for the situation they were in.

"Unlimited energy? That's cheating..." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' gritted her teeth and forced herself to continue.

She only had a little bit of spiritual power left even if she didn't know the name of such energy. Besides, she was also physically exhausted. 

However, she knew that the human troops were slowly beginning to gain ground.

They only had to push another little bit and victory would be theirs.

Suddenly, however, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' saw about five flashes of white light approaching from a distance. The five flashes of light were so bright that even with the sun high in the sky they were still extremely clear to her and the rest.

"What is that...?" Her footsteps stopped as a bad premonition began to grow in her heart.

Not only 'Shangguan Bing Xue', but all the superhumans and soldiers also raised their heads to the sky to look at the five flashes of light getting closer and brighter.

...

In the center of the human settlement, Bai Zemin stood in the backyard of the residence that the government prepared for 'Wu Yijun'.

His eyes were unusually serious, and ever since the war against the zombies broke out he had not taken his eyes off the clouds as if searching for something.

"What's his problem...?" 'Wu Yijun' asked Sylvia in a low but clearly worried voice.

"I... I'm not too sure either..."

Sylvia was even more worried than 'Wu Yijun', and for every minute she watched the serious expression on 'Xun Tian's face she felt as if a big cloud was about to fall on everyone.

This was because Sylvia at least knew that 'Xun Tian' was probably at least a thousand times stronger than the strongest superhuman she had met so far!

Of course, Sylvia had no way of knowing that Bai Zemin was billions of times stronger than the strongest superhuman she had met. At the same time, she just like 'Wu Yijun' had no way of knowing that he was worried that something or someone capable of making him feel danger had to be able to break through his defense!

Suddenly, Bai Zemin's expression sank when he saw the five flashes of bright light coming from the south.

"Nuclear missile?" He exclaimed in shock.

"W-What did you say?!" 'Wu Yijun' shouted in a high-pitched voice as her black eyes widened as wide as possible with her pupils fixed on the sky.

Sylvia's face turned as pale as someone who had just seen ghosts. Her legs failed her and she fell to the ground on her butt as she mumbled inaudible words with her eyes fixed on the five white dots.

"That son of a bitch really got swept up here by the space storm from Hero City's core? What a lucky dogshit!" Bai Zemin cursed through gritted teeth, cursing his bad luck and his enemy's good luck.

Soon, however, his expression eased.

"No. This is also good... I'll end this here and now." He muttered to himself as he nodded slowly, happy that he hadn't lost Shun's records.

If such a thing were to happen, he could only cry for the remaining years of his life since he would never be able to evolve to the next stage of power.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Still, Bai Zemin was at a loss for words at Corruption Demon's monumental luck; he didn't actually die but ended up being dragged to another dimension by the space storm!

'Wu Yijun' stared at him terrified and extremely confused, shouting to be heard amidst the chaos: "Xun Tian? What are you talking about? Who launched the missiles? W-We should run away!"

"Run away?" Sylvia staggered to her feet. She smiled sadly as she pointed, "The place is crawling with zombies, and if those five are nuclear missiles then there's no time to go anywhere."

Suddenly, a flash of golden light shone on the place. The light shone momentarily being as intense as a mini sun, forcing the two girls to cover their eyes.

A second later, when they both slowly lowered their hands and opened their eyelids, what they saw caused them both to have similar but different reactions.

"You... You..." 'Wu Yijun' looked at the person in front of her, less than five meters ahead of her, with trembling eyes, "How... What..." 

Only incomprehensible mumbles came out of her mouth, which was understandable considering that Bai Zemin had not only returned his appearance to 100% but now looked like a true God.

His body was surrounded by a faint halo of golden light, his hair seemed to have turned golden as well as his eyes, and his body was now dressed in a blackish-blue plate armor with white veins. 

Sylvia ignored her heartbeat as she muttered to herself in a daze, "I knew it... I wasn't out of my senses after all..."

Bai Zemin's expression was ice cold as he looked up at the sky indifferently.

If it was before, he might have been nervous and probably somewhat frightened before the power of five nuclear missiles.

But now?

Although this world was small, weak, and practically insignificant in every aspect; Bai Zemin was by far stronger compared to when he arrived here dragged by the Throne of Creation when that female from the Dragon God Realm send him through the spatial crack.

"Isn't it just a couple of nuclear missiles? Watch how I take care of your low-class attack."

His body flashed, moving too fast not only for the eyes of any human being on this Earth but even the reality of the world could barely keep up with him.

When 'Wu Yijun' and Sylvia reacted, they could see a flash of golden light standing in the sky over three hundred meters high.

"He... He... He... He is flying...!" 'Wu Yijun' gasped and was too dumbfounded with everything that was happening as she stared wide-eyed into the sky.

On the other hand, Sylvia's face that had regained some color turned pale again as she watched the five flashes of silver-white light charging towards the flash of golden light suspended in the sky.

"D-don't tell me..."

It was then that Sylvia understood something.

'Xun Tian', or whatever his real name was, could no longer be called human.

Yes... the word God was more correct to describe someone capable of facing the most powerful and destructive weapon of the human race; five of them at the same time.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3