Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If it was before reaching this dimension, Bai Zemin would not dare to say that he could deal with five nuclear missiles at the same time.

One by one? He was able to do something like that with some difficulty.

Now, five together? That was absolutely and utterly impossible for the former Bai Zemin.

In other words, he could destroy the missiles from a distance but that would only prevent him from ending up dead or seriously wounded at best.

However, who would deal with the resulting radiation and destruction after detonation? Involving innocents could not be avoided unless it all unfolded in an extremely desolate place far from society.

"But I'm different now." 

Bai Zemin's voice was low, so those 300 meters below him could not hear him.

However, the motion of him raising his left arm outward with his open palm was evident to all the superhumans who were fighting the zombies.

"Air Manipulation: Immortal Shield." 

Bai Zemin's face contracted for a brief second as soon as he activated the third activation of Air Manipulation.

'It hurts. It really hurts a lot. A normal soul evolver would probably faint on the spot.'

It may have sounded somewhat masochistic but, Bai Zemin was actually grateful with all the pain he had to suffer to get to where he was now. Otherwise, he would never have been able to openly tolerate the pain that some of his skills made him feel when he used a level of strength that exceeded what his own body could handle.

On the ground, the zombies had stopped their advance; their bodies froze, no longer able to move as if someone or something was pressing down on them with overwhelming might.

Even so, the soldiers stopped firing and the superhumans stopped fighting; they all had their eyes on the flash of golden light in the sky, as well as on the five flashes of silver-white light getting closer and closer.

"I- Isn't that Xun Tian?! How is he flying?!" 'Chen He' gasped with his eyes wide open.

'Shangguan Bing Xue's' expression was extremely complex as she stared at that figure in the sky, "You, really..."

From the first time she saw him in the office where the Student Council members used to gather to work before the world changed, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' felt an unfamiliar but extremely pleasant direct emotion to someone she was sure she had never seen in her entire life.

If someone addressed her by using her name only, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' would feel mostly uncomfortable... but when he used her name it all felt too natural, as if it was the law of nature.

She knew the name 'Xun Tian' was fake, just as she was sure he was not a student at Beijing University.

She knew that he was powerful, powerful enough to imprison a giant monster whose destructive power allowed it to crush large buildings and easily defeat the group of four composed by 'Bai Zemin', 'Liang Peng', 'Chen He', and 'Shangguan Bing Xue' herself.

But that was all she knew about him.

Why did she feel so at ease when he was close? Why did she feel increasingly unwilling to move away from him even though she had never felt this way about anyone before? Why did she feel that the two of them were extremely close, beyond ordinary friends?

'Shangguan Bing Xue' didn't know, and probably would never know; it was what she thought in her heart.

If Xun Tian was capable of dealing with five nuclear missiles, then he simply could not be human.

If he was a God from heaven sent to save mankind, then he would most likely leave soon once his mission was over... and judging by his armor and the spear in his right hand, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' figured that moment was not particularly far off.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' had never been particularly religious, but what happened next made her reconsider a bit.

SWOOSH!!!

A gust of wind powerful enough to let the wind be visible to anyone blew from the north.

Said gust of wind spiraled around, gathering around 'Xun Tian' in the sky as if worshipping him.

"Go!"

His voice fell like thunder, and the gust of wind obeyed.

The five nuclear missiles were less than 10 kilometers away, a distance that could be closed in no time by them. 

However, when the wind gust opened like a giant mouth and devoured them, the five flashes of silver-white light seemed to disappear for an instant from everyone's sight.

The next instant, however, all hell broke loose.

"M-My G-God..." 'Chen He' fell on his butt as he watched the sun of flames burning not too far away and three hundred meters above.

Although there was no sound of explosion, everyone knew what was happening and what had happened.

The survivors who were in their houses, hiding due to the zombie attack, couldn't help but peek their faces out of the wood-covered windows when the shooting and roaring stopped altogether.

"For God's sake..." A woman who looked to be about 30 years old turned pale as the approaching night had disappeared and everything was glowing as brightly as if it was high noon despite the sun beginning to set on the distant horizon.

'Shangguan Bing Xue's expression was serious even though her pretty face looked pitiful due to its paleness. She looked at the cloud of death and chaos enclosed in what now looked like a giant wind shield with trembling eyes.

There was no tremor, no explosion, no shockwave, not even a hint of radiation could be felt in the surroundings...

"R-Really stopped them... That was five nukes together!" 'Wu Yijun' choked out as she stared up at the sky in shock.

"Not yet." Sylvia's face was pale as was everyone else's. She pointed at the cloud of fire, smoke, and chaotic lightning inside the huge wind sphere, "If that thing escapes from there I'm afraid no one will have time to feel pain before everything gets blown below ground level."

Bai Zemin's face was pale, but there was a big smile on his face as he looked at the cloud of death inside the Immortal Shield with which he had encircled the five nuclear missiles.

'By using Overlap Regeneration my magic power doubled just like my Magic stat so the power of Immortal Shield is twice as strong as it would normally be. Although the consumption increased tremendously, probably due to the damage from the five detonations combined, I can still handle it.' He thought to himself as he tried to calm his trembling heart.

To say he was excited was an understatement!

Those were five nuclear missiles he had just stopped!

About a year ago, he had been forced to open a portal to another world by a single one of those missiles, but now, he could contain five at the same time with his own strength!

"Go!" Bai Zemin shouted again as he swung his left arm from its outstretched position upwards.

The huge death globe barely contained by the clearly much thinner and increasingly weaker wind shield flew upwards according to his command.

Still unsatisfied, Bai Zemin activated Air Manipulation, and with a powerful blast, he used the wind in the area to push the wind sphere beyond the clouds in the blink of an eye.

Everyone raised their heads and watched with wide eyes until the not-so-small mini sun of death and destruction disappeared from their line of sight.

About 20 seconds later, a flash of white light with green and yellow flashes shone and spread out a couple of kilometers from what seemed to be a height unimaginable to any of them.

Everyone expected the arrival of radiation or at least a shock wave; some sound would even have been acceptable.

However, even after almost a full minute, nothing had happened.

Watching the aurora borealis-like flash of light slowly fading out, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' softly whispered, "He sent that into outer space...?"

Fortunately, there was no one near her to hear her theory, otherwise the already high disbelief they all felt might have reached a level of mortal danger for them.

But indeed, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' was right.

Bai Zemin sighed in relief as he saw that his plan succeeded: 'The laws of this world are too weak. The atmosphere has such a small range that reaching outer space couldn't be easier.'

It was then that his expression changed, realizing that he had neither the right nor the qualifications to feel happy about his accomplishments because of what he had to do next.

'Now...' Bai Zemin looked into the distance, and as a wind spear began to whirl in his left hand, he whispered with a sorrowful and apologetic expression on his face, "I'm sorry..."

Then, under the watchful eyes of everyone on the ground, Bai Zemin raised the almost pale white wind spear due to the accumulation of wind at shoulder height.

In just an instant, the wind spear left his hand and disappeared without a trace beyond the distant horizon.

A few seconds later.

Boom! Boom! Boom! ...

Several explosions echoed one after another at the same time as a thin white line appeared out of nowhere as if cutting the blue sky into two halves.

Stopping five nuclear missiles at the same time, containing the sound of explosions that would have exploded thousands of heads, restraining the shockwave resulting from those explosions, and finally sending all that confined destruction into outer space...

In the center of the human settlement, Sylvia smiled bitterly as she shook her head, "He even broke the sound barrier several times now..."

If this wasn't the power of a god then what was it?

"Wait a second... What was the thing that Xun Tian threw?" 'Wu Yijun' suddenly noticed that something wasn't right.

Sylvia's expression also changed, but before she could say anything, she saw in the distance a huge mushroom cloud rising up beyond the clouds.

Looking at the hundreds of lightning flashes twirling around the mushroom cloud, as well as the crimson color the sky had taken on on the horizon, Sylvia muttered with a deathly pale face, "Th-That's..."

In the tallest building in the settlement, a middle-aged man watching everything through a screen lowered his radio with a moribund expression on his face.

"The missile base in Xicheng District was destroyed... and the settlements more than 300 kilometers around are not responding to anyone's calls."

When the middle-aged man's voice fell, everyone inside the room stared blankly with deathly pale faces without saying a single word.

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Shen Jin level 0...]

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Xiao Mei level 0...]

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Jun Chen level 0...]

[You have absorbed the Soul Power of Liu Li level 0...]

...

About twenty thousand notifications flashed in Bai Zemin's eyes even as he closed his eyelids as if he didn't want to see them.

This planet was too weak, too weak.

A battle between Bai Zemin and Shun, both fully released to kill their enemy, would shatter the world into countless pieces. Any place the two passed through would be completely razed to the ground regardless of whether they fought on the soil or thousands of feet above in the sky.

Countless lives would be lost.... No, all life on this alt Earth would end once all the laws of the world collapsed along with its land.

Therefore, Bai Zemin had no choice but to do the only thing he could do; try to hurt the Corruption Demon as badly as possible with a single strike.

He knew that taking advantage of the power of the missile base would end many lives, but what choice did he have? At the end of the day, Bai Zemin was no God, much less someone omnipotent.

Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"I'm really... sorry..." He muttered through gritted teeth.

Apologizing was useless, many innocent lives were taken because of him; Bai Zemin knew that, but he still wanted to try to feel a little better with himself as the name, age, and some of the lived experiences of those twenty thousand people merged with his records.

He could feel his Spiritual Power growing very slightly, but even then it wasn't enough to increase more than 1 point.

The whole world had fallen silent.

Some people stared at the huge mushroom cloud in the sky, others looked at the figure suspended in the sky that had not moved again after throwing that wind spear; obviously the cause of the mushroom cloud.

'Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes shone and filled with tears. She brought her two hands to her chest, not knowing why she suddenly felt so sad as she stared into his back.

Although he was high in the sky, no one to accompany him was there.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin's eyes widened and his head moved abruptly to the west as he finally detected the aura that had been hiding all this time.

It was weak, at least considerably weaker than it used to be.

A flash of crimson light shone in Bai Zemin's eyes, and as he activated several skills at the same time, his roar spread across the sky before charging towards the purple point of light in the distance.

"Shun!!! I swear to the heavens: I will definitely turn you into dust!!!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3