Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

So far, Shangguan Bing Xue's speech and explanations were extremely logical. It was precisely for this reason that no one had interrupted her until now and even the teachers only watched from the sidelines without saying anything about it.

She was truly worthy of being the student association president of one of the most prestigious universities in the whole country.

What no one expected, however, was that a voice would abruptly interrupt.

"Wait a moment. I'd like to move alone."

Everyone's eyes automatically turned to the person who had just spoken with different expressions.

Chen He had an expression that looked unsure whether to cry or laugh, Liang Peng looked too stupefied to react, and the teachers had different kinds of thoughts that their expressions gave away.

On the other hand, Shangguan Bing Xue gave Bai Zemin a slightly weary look and said coldly, "You want to go alone? Are you crazy?"

Bai Zemin remained unperturbed and did not care about the expression of the beautiful woman in front of him. Calmly, he slowly said, "Whether I am crazy or not, you need not worry about my mental health, Miss Shangguan."

Jia Jiao, Bai Zemin's teacher, could not help but try to persuade him: "Student Bai, why don't you consider it a little more? With the strength of the four of you together you should be fine against anything and the chances of survival would certainly be higher."

Bai Zemin shook his head and said nothing more. Obviously he had already made up his mind. It was a pity that none of these people knew him, otherwise they would know that once Bai Zemin took a decision it was practically impossible to make him change his mind.

"You... You're just acting selfishly and risking your life pointlessly. Do as you please." Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him coldly. In fact, her gaze was so cold that it seemed to have the capacity to pierce into people's souls and freeze them completely.

"Then that's what I'll do." Bai Zemin nodded calmly and turned to leave as he said, "Considering the current time, I guess this task will be left for another time. Tomorrow you can tell me what my task is. Good night everyone." Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Without another backward glance, Bai Zemin left and disappeared to the end of the corridor.

"He seems to be a pretty cold guy, doesn't he?" Chen He scratched his head and said with a forced smile. However, although he looked casual on the outside, inside he was incredibly surprised.

Bai Zemin was the first man Chen He had met who was able to remain completely indifferent to Shangguan Bing Xue. Even Chen He himself, who was considered an outstanding man by countless people regardless of whether they were men or women, had fallen for her charms even though she never had that intention in the first place.

Shangguan Bing Xue's heavenly beauty, her icy personality and otherworldly aura coupled with her mysterious family background undoubtedly made her the greatest beauty not only in the university; even in all of Beijing it was hard to find another woman who could compare to her.

"Forget it. Let's continue then." Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin's slowly disappearing back and said coldly before withdrawing her gaze.

She simply had good intentions and did not want anyone to die in vain. However, if that man wanted to act alone, she could do nothing about it and could only let him go to die alone.

* * *

"Why do you seem so distant with those people?" Lilith questioned when Bai Zemin returned. Even without being present, the group's conversation had been heard clearly by her.

Bai Zemin picked up a chair and sat down across from her. As he looked at her, he smiled slightly and remarked, "Who was it that told me to be more careful of the people around me?"

Lilith had a strange glint in her eyes. She narrowed her gaze at him and said slowly, "No no. Although in fact, I did tell you to be careful around other humans from now on.... Your attitude towards that group and the rest of the people has been strange to begin with."

An idea flashed in her mind and Lilith couldn't help but point out, "Especially towards that woman named Shangguan Bing Xue. Your attitude towards her is cold and distant... Suspicious."

Bai Zemin sighed lightly and closed his eyes as a bunch of memories flashed in his memory at lightning speed. Although those memories no longer hurt, the pain of the past could never completely disappear.

A person's past was the foundation upon which the present rested and where the future was built.

Slowly, he opened his eyes again. At that moment, several green letters flashed across his retina.

[Pain from the past, caution in the present, defiant towards the future. You have acquired passive skill: Stone Heart].

Bai Zemin was taken aback when he read the message that had appeared out of nowhere. How had he suddenly acquired a skill?

Seeing him dumbfounded, Lilith frowned slightly and asked in confusion, "Is something wrong?"

Bai Zemin immediately snapped out of his daze and quickly shook his head as he said, "Forget it, Lilith. Why don't you tell me more about the skills and about the Soul Record?"

Lilith looked at him deeply before finally sighing lightly, "Alright, since you don't want to talk about it... Let me explain a bit about the Soul Record then."

Bai Zemin immediately sat up straight and focused entirely on her, pushing the matter about what had just happened to later.

"The Soul Record is an unknown entity that no one has ever come to fully understand. This seemingly formless entity reaches out to different worlds, setting in flux the mana that exists in these worlds, and pushing the different races and species towards the path of evolution." Lilith explained slowly, choosing her words carefully, "As you have already seen for yourself, when defeating enemies an orb of light comes out of their bodies and yours absorbs it."

Bai Zemin nodded. In fact, even when he killed zombies those orbs still reached him even if they didn't give him benefits.

"Those orbs contain Soul Power within them. The Soul Record concentrates a small part of the defeated enemy's Soul Power and grants it to the winner; the defeated one becomes a source of evolutionary power for the victor, pushing the winner beyond.

In addition to this, as long as the enemy's Soul Power is strong enough, the winner will not only get part of their power in the form of stats, there is also the possibility of getting treasure orbs or skill scrolls... That would basically be a fairly general and simple summary of the function of the Soul Record. As for what its true motive or purpose is, no one knows." Lilith paused and looked at Bai Zemin in silence.

If she continued to talk about it, even one or two years would not be enough to explain everything.

Bai Zemin took a few moments to assimilate the information before slowly asking, "Is there another method of acquiring skills other than skill scrolls obtained from different enemies?"

"There is." Lilith nodded and explained, "Aside from defeating enemies, you can also acquire different active or passive skills depending on your lived experiences or qualities."

Seeing him look at her with clear confusion, Lilith deepened her explanation, "For example, a person who practiced martial arts from a young age would awaken a passive melee skill and its level will depend on that person's technique... Hehe~.. On the other hand, if a man had problems with his sexual orientation, he would awaken a passive skill that makes him immune to female charms." She smiled playfully at him and pointed out, "I know someone like that, so if that happens to you don't worry. I won't discriminate against you~"

Bai Zemin had finally understood many things that were unclear before. Although there were still many questions in his mind, there was no way he could ask them all together and process all that information at once. Therefore, it was better to go step by step in order not to make mistakes or get confused later on.

However, when he heard Lilith's final words he almost fell to the ground.

"My sexuality has no problems. You don't need to worry!" He said with a grim face.

"Are you sure about that~?" Lilith stood up and approached him. She bowed slightly, barely showing a small part of her neckline and almost unnoticeable to the eye.

Her rose scent entered Bai Zemin's nostrils and his eyes couldn't help but be drawn to that small patch of white skin. He swallowed audibly and his breathing became slightly agitated as he began to lose control over himself.

"Mm! It looks like there's really no problem with your sexuality." Lilith stopped toying with him and returned to her seat before looking at him with a smile that was hard to comprehend.

Bai Zemin bristled with embarrassment and stood up. He moved away from her and lay down against the wall in the corner.

Seeing him act like that, as if he was a child who was wronged by his parents, Lilith couldn't help but chuckle as she said, "Oh~ Don't be angry! I was just making sure you weren't lying!"

But Bai Zemin didn't answer her. He focused his attention on the green letters flashing in his retina.

[Stone Heart (Third Order Passive Skill) Level 5: It becomes extremely difficult for people not close to you to move your heart and shake your emotions. This effect is especially strong against the opposite sex. As a side effect, your love and affection for those close to you grow exponentially].