Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

A skill capable of overwhelming a single target after catching the enemy by surprise with its double effect was a very powerful skill. Furthermore, the cooldown time of this powerful skill with little destructive power but an extremely high kill rate was pitifully low even to mention.

However, Rending of the Night still had 2 seconds of cooldown time.

Although Shun was badly injured and had temporarily lost control of his body while flying upwards after being hit by Bai Zemin, he was still a level 400 soul evolver who only needed half a step more to break through the barrier separating the Lower Existences from Higher Existences.

It was absolutely impossible for Bai Zemin to activate Rending of the Night five times, which required a time of ten seconds, and Shun could not defend against it.

Five activations meant ten seconds after all.

But... Rending of the Night was clearly not like the other skills in Bai Zemin's arsenal.

Perhaps it was because it was a skill that belonged to a subclass born from the fusion of two skills, or perhaps it was due to something completely different... But the point was that, unlike normal skills, Rending of the Night could be more powerful depending on spatial laws and the user's mastery of it.

Being in a world where space law was so weak and basic, Bai Zemin had no problem shortening the cooldown time of Rending of the Night to only 0.5 seconds!

Shun's eyes were forced open as his Danger Sense skill, as well as his experience gained over thousands of years, warned him of what was probably the greatest danger to his life to date.

It was just then when Shun saw Bai Zemin stabbing Longinus five times practically at lightning speed, and when he saw the five spatial fissures extending from the sky towards him, Shun knew that this was the real deal.

Either he would give it his all here or he would really die.

"Heaven-Devouring Armor!"

In the distance, far off in the distance, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' saw five extremely thin lines breaking through the sky and charging towards what was now a large sphere of glowing purple light.

Each line seemed to be able to cut through the entire world, and in an instant, they crossed what seemed to be miles away, but what happened next shocked everyone; particularly the Corruption Demon.

BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!!

Five thunderous explosions rumbled, making the crimson sky tremble and the ground hundreds of miles below shatter into countless pieces.

The Heaven Devouring Armor was a skill created by Shun himself and worked by using the power of his Heaven Devouring Flame; by focusing all the power of his flame to shape a massive armor, Shun was able to withstand 100% of practically any attack within his range of vision.

But just when Shun thought he had managed to avoid the danger of death, that feeling of being watched by the reaper engulfed him much more strongly than before.

The thin black lines opened, revealing five spear-like shadows.

Shun's pupils contracted to the size of a needle as he realized that he had just been cheated: "Damn son of a-"

BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! BOOM!!! 

Shun's curse was cut short when several howls identical to those of a wounded beast came out of his mouth.

His left arm flew off and disappeared somewhere after being cut clean off by the first shadow spear.

Then, what was left of his right leg and his left leg were 100% shattered by the power of the second and third shadow spear.

The last two spears struck Shun in the chest, shattering his jet black plate armor and piercing two large holes in his sturdy and extremely tough body.

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed fiercely at the sight of the two hearts in Shun's chest and at that moment he could not help but feel extremely grateful with the experience he had gained in Oblon World fighting demons.

Although Shun had not died, Bai Zemin was neither surprised nor disappointed.

At the end of the day, Shun had a divine flame capable of protecting him and absorbing massive amounts of damage for him.

Besides, Bai Zemin was not stupid enough to let his anger consume him; if he killed Shun wouldn't he end up crying rivers of tears later?

In the distance, the soldiers and superhumans who had been paying attention to the clash between God and the Devil cheered loudly as they saw the flash of purple light fading in the sky while the flash of golden light remained steady as a mountain.

"Our God defeated the devil!"

"This is great! Our lives can finally get back to normal!"

After seeing 'God' protecting them from five nuclear weapons and triggering an unprecedented explosion with just a wave of his hand, all the humans there firmly believed that he was a God sent from heaven to wipe out the Devil that brought doom onto Earth.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' did not know whether 'Xun Tian' was a God or not, but she still sighed in relief and a faint smile formed at the corner of her lips as she saw the pale spot of golden light in the middle of the crimson sky, right in the middle of the two slender and cold golden eyes suspended in the sky vault.

In the center of the settlement, Sylvia patted her chest a few times while 'Wu Yijun' looked like a little girl jumping here and there as she celebrated the victory.

Bai Zemin stretched his hand out as he gazed with cold eyes at Shun's body falling from the clouds, "Blood Prison."

Shun was practically on the verge of death even with his high Health and terrifying vitality, so at this point he could only grunt as he felt the blood in his body writhing around him and imprisoning him as his Mana began to be sucked out of him.

Looking at the sphere of dark blood enveloping Shun as well as the chains of blood detaching from the sphere and binding him firmly in place, Bai Zemin waved a hand.

The gusts of wind blew in his favor, and the power of the blood prison increased considerably thus causing Shun's Mana to plummet almost twice as fast as before.

"Mm?" Bai Zemin suddenly looked towards the horizon, and after a moment, he muttered, "It's her..."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' and the others who were feeling happy immediately became apprehensive when they saw that from the distance, a flash of pale blue light split the sky in two and approached the battlefield in the sky rapidly.

"Now what!" Sylvia couldn't help but scream in exasperation and fright at the same time.

In just a few seconds, the flash of pale blue light stopped just a few meters short of Bai Zemin.  Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

When the light disappeared, Khristina's beautiful figure slowly revealed itself.

First, her blue eyes that seemed to tell stories glanced at the badly wounded Corruption Demon captured inside the blood prison, then, she looked at the surroundings for a while before staring at the man with six different colored wings suspended in the sky before her.

"Looks like you had quite a bit of fun making a mess."

Bai Zemin knew many beauties, and all of them had beautiful voices; Lilith's voice in particular, it was so seductive that just listening to it made him feel every bone in his body go weak.

However, the voice of the woman in front of him was quite possibly the most beautiful voice he had ever heard in his life.

It was like the whisper of a baby, carrying one's innocence and purifying the soul just by listening to it.

"It's not like I was looking for it." He shrugged and remarked, "Who would have thought this dude actually got lucky enough to be swept into this dimension by the space storm instead of being torn apart by the void."

Khristina looked at Shun for a moment before slowly saying, "It's fortunate that in this alternate dimension there isn't another sealed Corruption Demon. If he absorbed the records of his other self he could have advanced to the next Order with success."

Bai Zemin nodded, "Maybe he could."

In fact, he knew that in this alternate dimension, there was no Shun, Felix, 9-Headed Immortal Dragon, nor Mana Eater Tree.

This could only mean that, based on his theory of powerful Gods' souls being split up and placed in alternate dimensions to the main universe, Felix and the others were "recent" soul evolvers and not reincarnations of ancient powerhouses.

"Even so..." Khristina made a little grimace as she said softly, "Do you want to destroy this planet fighting against him here? None of us can survive in outer space, you know that too."

"Again, it's not like I was looking for it." Bai Zemin pointed out calmly.

Khristina shook her head without another word.

"Did you finish what you wanted to do?" 

At his question, she hesitated for a moment before nodding, again saying nothing about it.

Bai Zemin watched her for a long moment in silence before nodding slowly, "I see."

He could sense that the woman in front of him was somehow different from when they arrived in this dimension 25 days ago.

She was stronger, her eyes brighter, her aura purer, and her gaze more piercing.

Bai Zemin had a theory or two about it, but he didn't ask questions for now.

He and Khristina knew that sooner rather than later they would have to sit down in front of each other and have a serious talk, so at least for now, they both had that tactical understanding of temporarily not asking questions.

About two minutes later, Shun's Mana was finally sucked to 0 by the chains made from his own blood and the blood sphere that isolated him from the outside world.

The six wings on Bai Zemin's back moved according to his will, and as he approached the blood prison it opened to let him go inside.

Shun stared at the young man in front of him not with hatred but with an exhausted smile, "I always thought that if I ever died it would be at the hands of that young Saint... but to think that a little baby under 30 years old and below the Third Order would bring me to such a fate..."

Corruption Demon was probably one of the evilest existences that existed on Earth in its entire history; he massacred kingdoms, raped millions of females of different races, flattened big cities, and led some weaker races to their annihilation.

But even so, after having lived more than 5000 years, he had grown up enough not to be a poor loser.

Even though his soul was wounded by the space storm, and even though his battle power had fallen below half after being involved in the explosion of more than 7 nuclear weapons, Shun knew that Bai Zemin had defeated him.

In a battle to the death between two powers there was no such thing as honor or justice; such things only counted in fantasy books, not in real life.

Who cared about the method... the important thing was to survive no matter what; all those who had gone through the baptism of the apocalypse knew that.

"I can't promise it won't be painful." Bai Zemin's right arm slowly took on a strange appearance like that of a monstrous claw, and from the tip of the middle finger to the shoulder, there was a flash of crimson light involving it.

Shun looked at the strange arm before looking into his eyes, and with a wild grin, he nodded, "Come."

As the low growls grew into piercing howls of pain, Khristina watched the whole process with a calm expression on her face.

Her blue eyes did not leave Bai Zemin's arm buried in Shun's chest until after the latter's body turned to dust, being blown haphazardly all over the Earth by the strong gusts of wind whipping through the heights.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3