Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"So..." Khristina tilted her head slightly and asked gently, "What exactly is that supposed to be?"

Bai Zemin did not reply immediately but, after looking at the black colored pearl in his hand, he breathed in relief: 'With this I am one big step closer to evolving again...'

He put away the pearl that contained the deepest records of Corruption Demon Shun, as he knew for sure that the woman nearby was not asking for the pearl in question.

At the end of the day, what Bai Zemin did with Shun and the pearl in his hands were related to a skill; it was well known that asking about the skills of a soul evolver was not considered particularly polite unless one party was at a complete authority level or both parties had close relationships.

"About that..." 

Bai Zemin looked at the small "object" floating in front of him, and after several seconds, he remarked.

"It's part of my spoils of war."Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Khristina nodded silently as she looked at the small, thin, glowing purple flagellum floating not far from where she was.

"Is that the flame that demon called Shun was using?" she asked, feeling a bit perplexed in her heart, "Wasn't it just a skill?"

"Well, about that..." Bai Zemin took a step forward. Then, he slowly extended his right hand outward, "It's a little secret."

[Heavenly Devouring Flame has started the process and requested to form a Soul Contract with you. Do you wish to accept?]

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth curved slightly as he muttered to himself, "My little secret."

Except for those close to him, no one needed to know about the power of the divine flames or their existence.

Khristina watched with her large blue eyes as peaceful as pond water as the bright purple flagellum suddenly released an even greater glow, almost forcing her to withdraw her stare.

Thanks to her high level, as well as the purity of her Soul Power, Khristina could see the flagellum of bright purple flames widen before turning into a flash of purple light and disappearing inside Bai Zemin's body.

His entire body burned, as if he had become a fire person.

The flames surrounding him were dark blue at first, but then they were replaced by bright purple flames.

Although both were flames, fires, Khristina could say that both were different not only in terms of color but in essence; one was hot and violent while the other always burned at constant temperatures.

[You have formed a Soul Contract with one of the divine flames of the universe, the Heaven-Devouring Flame].

[The growth of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame gains a strong boost].

[Your natural stats receive a strong overall boost: Strength +500, Magic +500, Mana +2000, Health +5000.]

Bai Zemin opened his eyes after a couple of minutes, letting out the breath he had been holding all this time: "Awesome...."

Not only had he just received a strong boost of 8000 stat points but he had also gained a powerful flame capable of assisting him in defense and protecting him from enemy attacks.

Bai Zemin's attack power had always been devastating, right from the start. 

If there was one thing he lacked, it was defense. Defensive power that would help him survive the deadly attacks of the enemies he faced and those he was destined to face. After all, Bai Zemin always faced enemies who were many levels above him.

This meant that no matter how strong his attack was, he needed to be able to take at least one attack from his enemy.

After checking the Heaven Devouring Flame's records, Bai Zemin nodded without much surprise.

The description of the Heaven Devouring Flame's records was similar to that of the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, and such seemed to be that both flames lost their original masters during a great war that shook both heaven and earth.

'But unlike the proud Endless Blue Lotus Flame that preferred death rather than taking an unworthy master, the Heaven Devouring Flame that does not have the ability to burn forever feared, which led it to enter into a Blood Contract with Shun when it was only a few centuries short of its death.' Bai Zemin sighed in his heart.

When they were at their peak, the divine flames were beings with intelligence and consciousness, no different from living, sentient beings... It was hard to imagine how much they had spent billions of years in solitude after losing their masters.

"So, what will you do now?" Bai Zemin turned to face the woman with blue eyes and silky black hair, "There are still five days before my skill comes out of cooldown."

Although he still needed to familiarize himself with the Heaven Devouring Flame, Bai Zemin was currently in no hurry. For now, knowing that it was a Fourth Order divine flame just like the Endless Blue Lotus Flame was enough for him.

Khristina thought about it for a moment before looking at him and slowly saying, "Since I already did what I had to do, I'd rather stick around if you don't mind."

Bai Zemin found no problem with her request so he nodded easily.

It was then that he realized he still didn't know her name.

"Although I think I know who you are, would you mind telling me your name? I don't know how I should address to you." He pointed out calmly.

She gave him a long, deep stare before nodding, "You can call me by my name. Khristina. That's my name. I know you already knew it so..."

Bai Zemin rubbed the spot between his eyebrows as he felt a sharp headache approaching, "I knew it.... After all, you are hers..."

Khristina was about to say something when he interrupted her.

"Forget it. I'll take care of the problem when the lion starts roaring, now is neither the time nor the place." The six wings on his back spread wide, and before he launched himself towards the distant horizon, he left his voice behind, "Come, follow me."

Khristina remained standing in the sky, staring at nothingness for a few seconds as hundreds of thoughts ran through her head.

Although she had no flying skills, her Strength stat was more than enough to defy the gravity of this planet.

"Forget it... When the lion roars it will be." Finally, she shook her head and darted in the direction he had left.

On the other hand, as Bai Zemin went back the way he came after ending Shun's life and taking his records just as the Soul Record asked him to do, a series of thoughts went through his head.

Now that his real strength had been exposed, it would be best for him to get away from the entire group of humans he had been with for the past 25 days.

'Those twenty thousand innocent lives that shouldn't have died will definitely become my bad karma in the future... The less I intervene in this universe that is not my home the less the natural course of things will be interrupted.' 

Just as in the famous movie Butterfly Effect, a small change caused by forces that should not be in a certain place could provoke huge catastrophes.

Any variation in the initial conditions in a non-linear system to that of the individual would definitely end up giving rise to a major difference in subsequent states, just as when a person accidentally knocks over a domino and that small domino ends up being the cause of the fall of all the others.

It was then that a wild thought crossed Bai Zemin's mind.

"Wait a moment... Don't tell me..."

Thinking of his alternate self in this dimension, and thinking of Sylvia's special ability, Bai Zemin's face turned pale as he finally realized that a great butterfly or domino effect had been happening before his eyes from the very beginning.

Subconsciously, Bai Zemin stopped high in the clouds when the wings on his back stopped flapping.

Soon, Khristina caught up. She looked at him in confusion as she saw his dazed expression and pale face, but as she was about to ask what was the problem, she froze.

"Now I understand!" 

Khristina unconsciously took a step back in a bit of fear at the sudden outburst of the young man in front of her.

Bai Zemin's face was pale as if he had seen a ghost as he muttered with a dazed expression, "Now I understand... That's why the Soul Record gave me that title... and that's why no one before me had it..."

"You... are you okay?" Khristina watched him intently and with some caution. She could see that the Bai Zemin before her was not exactly in his right mind, and in fact, he looked very frightened.

"Not good." Bai Zemin's expression changed as he realized that the stupid theory he had just thought of was most likely accurate.

"I need to verify it." 

Bang!

Khristina was almost pushed back as Bai Zemin's three pairs of wings propelled him forward.

She followed without hesitation, with an extremely serious expression on her face.

According to her knowledge of the Transcendent faction's Leader, Bai Zemin was a person who feared nothing; even enemies hundreds of levels above his own or when he was on the verge of death did not lose his temper.

However, the current Bai Zemin clearly did not seem normal.

"What is wrong with him..."

Khristina didn't know but she was very close to knowing one of the greatest secrets in the entire cosmos, except that she was too weak and not very knowledgeable to realize it.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3