Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When Bai Zemin arrived at the human settlement still surrounded by zombies, what greeted him was a somewhat unexpected sight.

To begin with, the zombies had stopped dead in their tracks and were no longer moving like an army in the same way they were moving before Bai Zemin was forced to step forward to stop the five nuclear missiles.

Although the zombies were still moving to attack the humans, this only applied to those closest to the establishment. The remaining zombies, those that were too far away to sense any sign of human life, simply stood or wandered nearby while letting out some grotesque growls.

However, this was not what caused Bai Zemin to stop in mid-flight.

"... What the hell is this all about?"

Bai Zemin's eyes followed the trail of zombie corpses for over 5 kilometers, going considerably deeper into the undead horde.

There, a single human was fighting dozens of zombies at the same time.

"Die! Die! DIE! DIE!!!"

'Bai Zemin' seemed to have turned into a killing machine in the process of becoming a beast.

His eyes were bloodshot and as wide as they could go, his movements were much more agile than before as he moved in and out of the zombie encirclement as he killed several of them with each passing second.

Unfortunately, the zombies' numerical superiority was absolute.

Every time 'Bai Zemin' killed 1 zombie, another 3 would take the place of the previous one. 

Khristina stopped in the sky, standing next to Bai Zemin. She followed his gaze, and after a moment of silence calmly asked, "What's his problem? Something seems to be affecting the mind of the you of this world." 

Although 'Bai Zemin' was strong and had seemingly limitless energy to use, that didn't mean his stamina was truly infinite; his flesh would eventually not be able to handle the constant charge of spiritual power, and when that time came everything would begin to spiral downward.

It was only a matter of time before the zombies would fatigue him to death before drowning him in their numbers.

Bai Zemin frowned deeply, but just then he heard someone's voice calling him from below.

Seeing 'Shangguan Bing Xue' waving at him as she fought the zombies, he frowned even more before sighing: 'Just a little more... A little more before I finish my business here.'

Rumble...!!!

With a wave of his hand, several thousand zombies around her exploded into bloody mist and the ground rumbled as the soil sank.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' took the opportunity to catch her breath and take a deep gasp. Her whole body exuded a pleasant feminine scent as her skin was covered in a thin layer of sweat that added a different style of charm to her ever immaculate beauty.

Her eyes lingered for a moment on the woman who descended from the sky next to 'Xun Tian', and seeing that her beauty was even higher than hers she couldn't help but blink in amazement.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' had been beautiful since she was young, no matter when or where, she was always the center of attention of the opposite gender whenever she made an appearance. Although she wouldn't openly admit it, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' had yet to find a girl capable of matching her beauty forget about surpassing it.

Until now, that is.

Furthermore, seeing that next to 'Xun Tian' there was such a beauty who on top of that was strong enough to fly through the sky like a Goddess, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' suddenly felt a surge of unease growing in her chest.

As if she knew what was going through her head, Khristina smiled slightly at the same time as a perfect Mandarin slowly came out of her shiny lips: "Don't worry, little lady. Your other self is even more beautiful than me regardless of the fact that my level is higher. If you ever reach the heights of your alternate self you will have absolutely nothing to envy me."

"My other self?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' frowned and a flash of confusion shone in her clear eyes. She looked at the person standing next to the unknown woman and asked with doubt in her voice, "Xun Tian, what is she talking about? ... Who are you?"

Although 'Shangguan Bing Xue' was fully aware that the name Xun Tian was fake, this was the only way she had to address him after all.

"Xun Tian?" Khristina blinked in confusion at first but she quickly stared at Bai Zemin with wide eyes, "You.... you didn't tell her?"

Bai Zemin gave her a cold sidelong glance for a few seconds before calmly saying, "Your younger sister rarely speaks, but it seems that you who is the older of the two likes to talk a lot."

Khristina made a funny face as she realized that she seemed to have spoken out of turn, although she honestly didn't understand why Bai Zemin would keep something like that under wraps.

Bai Zemin focused his attention on 'Shangguan Bing Xue', and after a couple of seconds, he slowly said: "It's complicated, and to be honest, even I still have to process a lot of things... If you really want to know the truth, I can tell you later. However, my advice is to go on with your life as it has been so far, because I'm afraid it might be tough for you to embrace certain truths of the universe."

Truths of the universe?

'Shangguan Bing Xue' stared at him dumbfounded, finally realizing that everything that was going on was probably way bigger than she could even come to imagine or ever think of.

"So, what's wrong with him?" Bai Zemin pointed at his self from this dimension with a frown, "Looks like he went crazy."

ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Looks like he went crazy? Doesn't look like, he did go crazy." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' shook her head, temporarily deciding to put aside the bigger matters to take care of the smaller ones before her, "Bai Zemin just didn't stop and continued killing zombies even when you and the enemy you killed started fighting. It's like he doesn't care about anything but killing all the zombies even if it eventually cost him his life."

Bai Zemin looked into the distance, at his alternate self fighting fiercely far away, his brow deepening into a frown.

'This looks a bit like my Blood Berserker's Wrath skill, but it's definitely not the same...' 

After thinking about it for a couple of seconds, Bai Zemin finally made his decision and without a word disappeared in front of the two beautiful women's eyes.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' made a grimace as she stared at the golden pocket watch floating in front of her, and remembering all the times she had seen 'Xun Tian' playing with it, she couldn't help but mutter under her breath, "So it wasn't a simple pocket watch after all..."

On the other hand, Khristina hesitated for a moment before reaching out her hand towards the pocket watch. When the tip of her index finger touched the golden cover, the treasure records flashed in her retinas.

" ... Demigod Grade..." Khristina muttered with wide eyes.

She was lucky to get a Legend grade defensive treasure that could protect her from practically any attack; treasure that before being battered and probably destroyed by the void rays saved both her and Bai Zemin's lives back at the Sky Emperor's Palace... A Legend grade treasure was already so powerful, how terrifying could a Demigod grade one be then?

Khristina shuddered at the thought: 'That guy is not only a monster, but his treasures are monsters as well.'

However, Khristina became more frightened at the thought of what Bai Zemin had to do or kill in order to get his hands on such a treasure.

She almost died and was in a coma for 2 whole months after killing by sheer luck an Immortal Frost Golem that was 103 levels above her own, which was precisely how she obtained her Legend grade treasure.

Seconds later, two flashes of light shot out from inside the pocket watch and both flashes soon materialized into two figures.

"This is..." 'Shangguan Bing Xue' immediately focused on the girl with pale skin and hair even whiter than hers sitting on a strange floating wheelchair.

The doll-like girl also seemed to be staring back at her even though her eyes were delicately closed.

"You are... No, too weak, and the specter is different as well." At the same time as her eyelids trembled slightly, Kali seemed to want to say something but soon shook her head as if realizing something.

Bai Zemin didn't pay attention to what Kali said as there were too many things going on in his head at the moment. Instead, he turned her wheelchair so that she could "look" in the direction of his self from this dimension.

"Kali, tell me if you see anything please."

Kali still didn't quite know what was going through but she nodded anyway.

However, when she saw the soul of the unknown existence that seemed to be fighting countless enemies her expression changed dramatically.

It was then that she remembered her conversation with Lilith almost a year ago.

All this time, Kali had pretended not to remember that conversation because she didn't like to hide things from the person she cared and cherished the most.

But now she finally understood the reasons why Lilith told her what she said.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3