Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin was a person who carried a lot on his back, too many things.

Forget about a young man who was barely one or two years over 20, even a 200-year-old monster would probably collapse on the road because of such a burden.

However, Bai Zemin never complained to anyone nor did he ever let his weariness show to others.

The number of people who knew he was tired and on the borderline was extremely small, definitely no more than 5... and fortunately for her, Kali was part of that small number.

When Bai Zemin slept beside her and finally let go of all his guard, Kali could "see" how his soul continuously trembled in what seemed to be a deep ocean of darkness.

After a long time of observing and studying him, Kali realized that when bad news appeared or the burden on his shoulders grew, that abyss of darkness surrounding his soul only grew and became thicker.

Everyone had limits, and Bai Zemin was no exception to this rule. This was not about talent or willpower, it was simply a natural and completely normal fact.

Therefore...

"Kali!"

Bai Zemin's voice brought her back to reality, successfully snapping her out of her thoughts.

"What?" She asked calmly.

Under normal circumstances, Bai Zemin would definitely have noticed that there was something wrong with Kali's behavior. Unfortunately, his mind was a mess right now due to the theory of souls of ancient Gods and the new theory he had come up with shortly after ending Shun's life.

"Can you see anything in that guy's soul over there? I need you to guide me."

"About that..." Kali focused her attention again on that fighting existence in the distance, and after a few seconds, she nodded, "I do."

"What do you see?" Bai Zemin asked hurriedly.

Depending on the answer Kali gave him, Bai Zemin might or might not absorb the records of 'Bai Zemin'.

Kali looked over her shoulder at him for a moment before turning her face forward.

She definitely had a pretty good idea of what he was thinking at this point. 

'Just like that woman said... Though he doesn't seem to be as strong as she described.' Kali observed the soul of 'Bai Zemin' as she recalled Lilith's words.

What she saw was an irregular soul.

The soul of this 'Bai Zemin' was not white like the soul of the Bai Zemin Kali knew and loved but was a soul that constantly changed color every time a sort of energy she was unaware of but could faintly sense in the atmosphere was constantly added.

However, what Kali cared about was not this... but two other things.

'This person's soul has a similar spectrum but is still different from his... They don't seem to be the same split person and I don't know what's the problem with that, but even more important than that...' 

She could see that, around the chest area and deep within that person's soul, an object extremely similar if not identical to the one Bai Zemin had was glowing brightly.

"So?" Bai Zemin asked after she didn't say anything for more than a minute.

Kali remembered that not too long ago, Bai Zemin joked about needing the records of someone named Bai Zemin and said that maybe he needed to commit suicide to evolve to the next Order.

'Although everyone sees him as a cruel villain just because his hands are stained with blood, only those who are like me and can see his day to day life know that he is really just an ordinary young man pushing himself beyond his limits while trying not to hurt others.' Kali sighed in her heart, and then opened her mouth to speak.

Just the way Lilith said, some lies were for the best... Therefore, even though she hated the idea of lying to him and hiding things from him, Kali did what she knew was best for him.

"That person's soul is being consumed by the energy of this world, he will probably die soon." 

"What?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at her in astonishment, "How can that even be possible?"

Kali ignored her, but continued to explain so that the person she really cared about would no longer hesitate, "Bullet, that person and you are different, you give me a warm feeling, but he is the opposite... Besides, although this energy is different from the one we are used to, it seems to be a bit deeper but also more dangerous. It looks like that guy abused it too much."

Bai Zemin looked at his self from this dimension that was fighting with increasing ferocity in the distance, and after a long time let out a deep sigh, "I see..."

'Did I make a mistake?' Bai Zemin frowned in his heart.

Then, he sighed again: 'But, this is better this way... Fortunately.'

In reality, when Bai Zemin obtained the Irregular title from the Soul Record he did not pay much attention to it nor did he give it the importance he was starting to give it and that such a title deserved.

This was because now that he thought better of it, Bai Zemin remembered that Lilith's expression and words were not particularly normal back then.

A title that only belonged to him, an existence that should not exist.

A title that encouraged him to visit different worlds constantly in exchange for a faster and fluid evolution.

A title that allowed him, once a year, to manipulate in a sense two of the most mysterious and powerful laws that existed; the law of space and time, crossing worlds and galaxies to reach a destination countless light years away in an instant.

It was only after thinking about his self in this alternate dimension and Sylvia that Bai Zemin couldn't help but pay more attention to his title.

What if the description of his title, those records that said he shouldn't exist, weren't there just for show or to make him feel awesome?

What if the reason the Soul Record had given him a key that opened countless doors to countless worlds was solely and exclusively because this mysterious existence wanted him dead as he should not exist? After all, pushing him to other more powerful worlds was extremely dangerous, and there was a high possibility that he would perish.

How had Bai Zemin come to this wild and crazy conclusion? It was very simple, one only needed to think carefully about everything that had happened during the past 25 days to realize that his thoughts were considerably logical.

'Bai Zemin' seemed to be able to use or produce infinite amounts of spiritual power.

On the other hand, Sylvia who did not exist in the main universe did exist in this parallel universe, and she mysteriously had an ability that was the complete opposite of 'Bai Zemin'.

While 'Bai Zemin' seemed to generate, Sylvia could erase.

Cause and effect.

Black and white.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Heads and tails.

Nature would always seek and eventually find a way to continue to exist, to persevere.

Although in this world there was no entity called Soul Record, perhaps Sylvia had been born for the purpose of balancing the irregular existence of 'Bai Zemin' that should not exist.

The only thing Bai Zemin could not understand was, if the Soul Record really wanted him dead then why would it give him such an important mission? The universe would practically come to its total doom in just 5 years!

But in fact, Bai Zemin was not too far wrong; it was just that he had failed in one of the paths he had taken with his theory... But he would learn about this much later.

The only thing he knew now thanks to Kali was that his ego in this dimension did not seem to be an irregular existence destined to be erased and it was not as if nature wanted him dead.

At the same time, it seemed that his theory of reincarnated Gods and Goddesses might be a bit wrong.

But even then, Bai Zemin could not deny the fact that he felt much better and relieved after hearing Kali speak... After all, one couldn't feel good knowing that he shouldn't exist and that his existence was nothing more than a nuisance.

'I thought the cause of evolution and the death of myriads of races was me.' Bai Zemin chuckled in his heart, realizing how pretentious he was being.

Kali looked at him silently, and noticing how his spirit relaxed she turned with an indifferent expression: 'I'm sorry, but for him to continue to grow calmly you have to die.'

Was she being selfish? The answer was, probably, yes.

After all, because of her words and lie, the life of an innocent person and the one who was probably destined to become the hero and savior of this planet was about to end.

However, Kali did not care. She was more than willing to bear that guilt.

Because unlike Bai Zemin who slowly progressed into the Perfect Leader as Immovable Heart evolved and caused him to undergo drastic emotional changes, Kali only cared and worried about who was in her heart.

And he was her number 1.

As for other people...

'An existence that shouldn't exist? Laughable. Who says so? So what if myriads of races are perishing? If you, who valued me so highly, gave me love, and cared for me even though I am this broken, can continue to exist... everything else doesn't matter.' Kali thought to herself, 'If what that woman said is true, this person will eventually become a problem for him. Then the sooner he disappears the better for all of us.'

Khristina looked at the top of the little white-haired doll's head, and suddenly felt something that made her sense danger.

But just as she was about to take a step back she stopped, realizing that she was being extremely stupid.

Kali raised her head to face Bai Zemin, and after seeing that he didn't move, she remarked, "You'll let his soul be destroyed like this? You might as well take him home."

Bai Zemin looked at his self from this dimension, and although this was not the way he liked to do things, Kali was right.

He did need the records... since the other party would die anyway and there was no way to save him, Bai Zemin might as well take what he needed...

'Shangguan Bing Xue' was extremely confused, everything that was happening was simply too much for her as she could not catch the slightest hint of things even though everything was happening right before her eyes.

Khristina was also somewhat confused, but not as much as 'Shangguan Bing Xue', however, in her heart she had a couple of questions regarding what the little doll in the wheelchair had just said.

Bai Zemin took a deep breath while nodding, "Okay. Let's finish this before we go home."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3