Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin looked at the lifeless body in front of him in silence while an extremely complicated expression flashed again and again in his dark eyes.

"It's okay, he didn't even feel the slightest bit of pain. The difference in power between you and him was so absurd that he probably didn't even feel when his heart stopped beating." Kali stopped her wheelchair next to him and used her small left hand to caress his arm, "He was probably in pain, you freed him from that agony."

Bai Zemin shook his head, and amidst the roars of zombies and human gunfire in the distance, he murmured, "I don't know if it's right... but I had to do it independently."

"That's right. You need his records to evolve beyond level 100." Kali nodded.

However, Bai Zemin shook his head silently.

'You're wrong, Kali.... The reason why I had to kill the Bai Zemin of this dimension is because if I don't hurry up and keep growing, most of the life in the universe will die out.' He said in his heart.

The words of those heroic characters in light novels or manga claiming to save everyone without letting anyone die sounded too beautiful to be real, and Bai Zemin knew that reality was much more cruel than any fantasy world created by human beings.

Sacrificing a few so that countless more could continue to exist... Bai Zemin, who was not an omnipotent being, could only take this path.

"Even so... I don't feel anything strange." Bai Zemin smiled bitterly as he checked his records, "My strength didn't increase, my stats are still the same.... Nothing, not even a skill."

"About that..." Kali stared at the lifeless body of 'Bai Zemin' for a few seconds before saying, "That unknown object is still inside this guy's s-"

Kali's words died in her throat as suddenly 'Bai Zemin's body released a powerful white radiance that was intense and hot enough to suffocate her.

Bai Zemin reacted faster than lightning and his body moved without receiving the order from the brain. He stepped forward to protect Kali, and also erected a blood barrier using the blood of all the zombies surrounding the area.

Fortunately, something like a sudden explosion did not happen.

As the white-colored glow receded, Bai Zemin was finally able to open his eyes very slightly.

In between the two narrow slits of his partially opened eyes, he saw a small, somewhat ragged and broken star-shaped object floating about 1.5 meters above the ground.

"That's..." 

"Take it!"Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Bai Zemin was surprised when he heard Kali's hurried voice, but his movements were not slow at all as he extended a hand forward.

Swoosh!

His fingertips had barely touched what felt like a cold, smooth surface when that unfamiliar object suddenly turned into a flash of bright red light.

Forget about reacting, Bai Zemin didn't even see what happened as he was pushed back a couple of steps.

"Bullet!" Kali's naturally pale face turned even paler when she witnessed this and a panicked expression grew on her ever indifferent face.

Bai Zemin felt a severe headache, the biggest headache he had ever felt in his entire life.

"I'm fine..." He somehow managed to say those words at the same time as he with great difficulty planted both feet on the ground and stop backing up.

"Thank heavens..." Kali leaned back in her chair, and with her head looking up at the night sky, she sighed, "Back at Eventide World you guaranteed me a life full of excitement as we head to the summit... I miss my peaceful life already."

Bai Zemin shook his head, and as his soul began to get warmer he couldn't help but blurt out, "Too late for regrets."

Kali tilted her head to look in his direction, and as she saw what was happening inside his soul, she muttered, "Nobody said anything about regrets though..."

[Your Perfect Evolution Crystal has received a new unique and special feature].

Still feeling somewhat dizzy and somewhat weak, Bai Zemin looked at Kali and said in a dead voice, "Well, at least now we know the name of the thing that has been living inside me all this time without paying rent."

Kali kept looking deep into his soul until that object stopped glowing and went back to sleep. Then, she couldn't help but let out a somewhat amused chuckle at his words and tone of voice, and as she looked back up at the sky with her neck resting in her wheelchair, she commented with a single word.

"Cool."

* * *

The war against the zombies had yet to end, but thanks to the fact that for unknown reasons the creatures stopped charging like an unstoppable sea towards the human settlement, it was only a matter of time before the armed forces of humanity would kill them all.

Even then, the human troops would definitely need at least two days to exterminate the zombie threat from outside their doors.

But this had little or nothing to do with Bai Zemin.

After finally taking care of Corruption Demon Shun and taking 'Bai Zemin's records, Bai Zemin returned to the center of the camp using Invisibility.

Of course, Khristina followed closely behind him and even 'Shangguan Bing Xue' who had been watching everything with an extremely serious expression refused to continue fighting the zombies. 

Bai Zemin thought it was going to be harder to calm 'Wu Yijun and Sylvia down, but surprisingly the two girls didn't ask many questions even though they became a bit annoying in terms of getting too close; this was particularly true for 'Wu Yijun as Sylvia still kept some respectful distance.

"Who is she?" 

When 'Wu Yijun' asked that question, Bai Zemin lightened up and subconsciously nodded to himself.

Sure enough, the young girl was jealous.

It was quite surprising that for her it was more important to know the identity of the powerful beautiful woman who had come along with Bai Zemin than learning his true identity and the reason why he had such power.

"I am the mother of his children. We have seventeen for now but we are planning to have at least five more to start two soccer teams." Khristina extended her hand with a friendly smile.

'Wu Yijun' almost fainted.

On the other hand, Sylvia looked at Khristina as if she was surprised that she still had such a figure after giving birth so many times.

Bai Zemin sighed as he felt two cold but strangely fire-hot eyes staring into his back as if they wanted to shoot laser beams and open a couple of holes in him.

"Khristina, if you keep causing me trouble I'm afraid I will no longer be able to be polite to you even if you saved my life before."

Bai Zemin looked at her with a serious expression, and seeing this, Khristina raised both hands in surrender.

"Why are you so serious? It's not like you or I are ever going to see any of these people in our lives again after another five days have passed."

The expressions of the three girls changed noticeably after hearing what Khristina said.

"What do you mean?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' stared at Bai Zemin with a serious expression on her face. Then, her expression suddenly softened a little as she slowly said, "I know you are strong. You are strong beyond all sense to me. But, I think you owe us an explanation for all this... Particularly this strange feeling of closeness that Yijun and I feel for you."

* * * * * * *

A/N: New chapters in a few hours (4-5 approx)

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3