Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"So..." 

In the living room of 'Wu Yijun's temporary residence, the group composed by 'Wu Yijun' herself, Sylvia, 'Shangguan Bing Xue', Khristina, and Bai Zemin was still gathered.

"Basically, the me of your dimension is your left hand, who is in charge of all the governmental affairs and order of the new China... and is also deeply in love with you." 'Wu Yijun' looked at Bai Zemin waiting for confirmation.

"... In short, more or less." Bai Zemin nodded slowly before pointing out, "Besides, the Wu Yijun I know is one of the most powerful soul evolvers on Earth. Her plant-like skills are terrifying enough to make even other evolved humans with fire skills fear her."

"Plant-like skills, uh..." 'Wu Yijun' nodded as she muttered to herself.

From the glint in her dark eyes, Bai Zemin could tell that she was thinking about something.

"This... What about me?"

Suddenly, Sylvia's somewhat anxious voice attracted everyone's attention.

She was sitting in her place seemingly calm, but the way she was moving her hands and wiping the sweat from her palms on her jeans exposed the insecurity in her heart.

This was because unlike 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and 'Wu Yijun', Sylvia did not feel any kind of "supernatural" connection with him.

Bai Zemin took a few seconds to think about his words before slowly saying, "Sylvia, you should know that Beijing University is one of the most popular, famous, and therefore requested universities in the world. Another thing to note is that the population in my dimension is definitely higher than this one."

"... What does that mean?" She questioned with a slight frown.

"In my dimension, I did not and do not know an American woman called Sylvia." Bai Zemin nodded with a serious expression, "It is possible that your self from my dimension lost her life at some point, or perhaps she never traveled to Asia to study... There are many possibilities, indeed."

In fact, Bai Zemin did not know many American women.

Eleanora, Andrea, Alisha, and a small handful of others at best; with Eleanora being the only American woman with whom Bai Zemin could be said to share any sort of relationship beyond acquaintances.

"... No relation, uh." Sylvia nodded hesitantly as she looked at the ground with a thoughtful expression on her face.

"That's also why I had no problems and didn't refuse to interact with you excessively." Bai Zemin suddenly pointed out. He looked at 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and 'Wu Yijun' with a bitter smile as he slowly said, "You two only feel attached to me because of my close relationship with your alternative selves , that's all. What you feel now, basically, is not real... At the end of the day, you and I had never shared anything at all, even a simple word, before this Earth evolved."

"Are you telling me that my heartbeat is fake?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' had a displeased expression on her face as she pointed to herself and said in a cold voice, "I don't quite understand what's happening, and, honestly I don't like how I feel right now because it affects my judgment. However, I think only Yijun and I have the right to say whether this is fake or not."

Bai Zemin opened his mouth to say something, but seeing the expression on 'Shangguan Bing Xue's face that looked like she was about to turn into a wild female leopard and attack him, he wisely bit his tongue and said nothing.

Seeing the expression on Bai Zemin's face, Khristina interjected, "Just as you feel some appreciation for them because of their almost reflex-level similarities with the ice queen and the girl with big breasts and a baby face, they can't help but feel appreciation for you even if what you said has logic."

"B-big breasts..." 'Wu Yijun' looked at her own chest.

Seeing that her two precious treasures were not much bigger than ripe, red apples, she grimaced as she muttered to herself, "Another big difference..."

The corner of Sylvia's mouth twitched slightly when she heard 'Wu Yijun's muttering, but suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, she saw Bai Zemin abruptly stand up.

"What's wrong?" 'Shangguan Bing Xue' immediately stood up with an anxious expression on her face.

Seeing his reaction, she couldn't help but think, 'It can't be another terrifying enemy, can it?'

Khristina also stood up and immediately became alert.

An existence capable of making the one who killed an ancient demon jump out of his seat was definitely not an easy enemy to deal with!

However, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and the other three soon realized that something did not seem right.

Bai Zemin's expression was not one of alertness, rather it was... Happiness?

Bai Zemin was about to fly into the sky through the window when a voice brimming with unmistakable sweetness and affection sounded inside the living room.

"Little brother Zemin, how much did you miss this big sister from 1 to 10?"

Bai Zemin felt two slender and tender arms encircling his neck from behind, but instead of jumping in surprise all he did was smile and close his eyes.

Then, he took a deep breath that puffed his chest outward as he savored that exquisite rose essence that could only belong to her.

"Now that you know that the time difference between the two dimensions is so different, how much do you think I missed you?" he asked rhetorically.

"Mhm... In that case, this lady can say with complete confidence that you missed her 1000 points out of 10!" Lilith nodded with a serious expression on her face.

Bai Zemin slowly turned to look at her, not moving away from her embrace.

There, he finally saw her.

Floating a few inches off the ground and with her seductive body leaning forward to wrap her slender arms around his neck.

"It's been almost 26 days for me, but if I add the amount of time I spent in the Collector's Pocket World I'm afraid that time amounts to at least 1 full month." He said, losing himself in her eyes.

Lilith was surprised in her heart.

This was because when she looked into Bai Zemin's eyes, she saw weakness in them, almost like a little child looking for some comfort from his parents.

'What happened?' Lilith wondered in amazement.

She had only seen Bai Zemin put on such a look twice in the past, and both times it happened because of his family. 

Regardless, whatever happened certainly shouldn't have been a small thing to affect him like this. Therefore, Lilith leaned in another bit and placed a soft, motherly kiss on his forehead.

"It's okay... Now we can go home."

Bai Zemin was about to nod but then shook his head.

"Not yet... I have one more thing to do before I leave this dimension."

"Oh?" Lilith's eyes glittered mysteriously, and as if she had thought of something she finally turned her head to pay attention to the people inside the room, "Well, this is an interesting sight."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at the black-haired woman in front of her with a confused expression and some wariness in her blue eyes. She didn't know why but she didn't feel the slightest goodwill towards her, and it definitely wasn't solely due to that uncomfortable feeling she felt in her chest as she watched the unknown female cuddling with Bai Zemin.

On the other hand, 'Wu Yijun' and Sylvia looked at the beauty who clearly had no normal relationship with Bai Zemin, both of them gasping at such charm.

"Who... Who are you?" Khristina stared at Lilith with wide eyes in shock.

She was pretty sure that the information the Russian government had about Bai Zemin was very complete when it came to his loved ones and closest subordinates... But, this woman with ink-black hair and blood-red eyes did not appear in any file!𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

What's more, Khristina could feel a huge mountain in front of her just by looking at her!

Lilith looked at the Russian beauty with a charming smile, "I am her fiancée and partner."

"Ah?" Khristina looked at her even more surprised after hearing this.

This was because she saw that Bai Zemin not only did not refuse but nodded slowly!

"W-Wait, you..." Khristina was overcome by the circumstances, stammering, "A-As I understand, Lili is Bai Zemin's woman but... but she's just an ordinary human!"

"My." Lilith let out an amused chuckle before pointing out, "You think a man who came up with a plan to set his father up with several beautiful women just to make his mother jealous and thus force her to evolve would allow his lover to be just an ordinary person who could die at any moment? Young miss, you are quite fascinating."

"This..." 

Lilith didn't explain much more, but Khristina wasn't stupid.

The woman in front of her was stronger than Khristina herself, definitely! This was no ordinary soul evolver!

Little did Khristina know that in reality, Lilith was a Sixth Order Higher Existence on her way to the Seventh Order that was part of the Demonic Army Commanders.

Then, Lilith stared at 'Shangguan Bing Xue'.

But, to Bai Zemin's surprise, he did not feel or see the same "animosity" and "hatred" that he felt from Lilith when she first met 'Shangguan Bing Xue'.

* * * * * * *

A/N: Yesterday I visited the hospital for family matters, and when I returned home I didn't feel like writing so I didn't. I will do my best to post another 3 chapters today.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3