Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Although Bai Zemin could not feel any negative emotions from Lilith towards the Shangguan Bing Xue of this dimension, he was sensitive enough to feel some tension in the air.

It was then that an idea crossed his mind, adding to the theory he had arrived at earlier... The problem was that, if that thought was correct, Bai Zemin would have to rethink many things regarding Lilith and Shangguan Bing Xue.

However, Lilith's next words confused him so much that Bai Zemin couldn't help but wonder if he was overthinking.

"Zemin, I was surprised when I arrived at this place after following the traces of that space storm I ran into while passing through while searching for you... Is this some sort of alternate Earth? I dismissed it before but now that I see a weaker version of that ice princess and little sister Yijun I can't help but think it's quite mysterious."

He didn't know if Lilith was feigning ignorance or not, but the truth was that everyone had their own secrets for different reasons; it was simply immature to think that everyone would lay bare their innermost secrets even if it meant hurting or embarrassing their loved ones.

Something like perfect love, free of secrets and flaws, could only exist for perfect beings; and none of them were perfect.

Wasn't Bai Zemin the same? He was hiding the fact that in 5 years the universe might come to an end because he didn't want anyone to worry too much or to realize that the weight on his shoulders was infinitely heavier than they thought.

Sometimes it was not a matter of mistrust, it was just that when love exceeded a certain threshold one's position stopped being the most important and therefore one thought more deeply about that one or those who were extremely important.

Bai Zemin nodded, and for the next ten minutes explained to Lilith a considerably detailed approximation of how things stood for them.

Finally, Lilith nodded slowly and, with slightly curious eyes, remarked, "Zemin, you said before you went home you wanted to do something. May I know what it is? I understand that your original plan was to return to our dimension using the power of your title, but with me here it's not necessary."

"Of course you can ask, it's not a secret anyway." Bai Zemin nodded. Then, he asked somewhat puzzled, "Little succubus, do you have some way to return?"

"My understanding of space is quite good." Lilith remarked with a slight smile, "If that rift had closed I'm afraid I could only find it and open it again after at least a couple of years, but since it's still partially open I have no problem going back. I left my mana surrounding the edges to prevent the rift from closing completely and, taking advantage of this world's spatial law being so weak, I also sealed the space around it."

Bai Zemin gave her a thumbs up, "Noice."

"I'm quite wonderful and awesome don't you think?" Lilith boasted and even used one hand to flip her night-black hair: "I think I deserve a good reward, don't you?"

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed, and at the same time beating his chest he nodded, "Of course. Leave it to me. This Dadd- I know exactly the kind of reward you deserve!"

Lilith's eyes immediately brightened.

Actually, although she was old enough to be Bai Zemin's grandmother, the first time she had experienced the pleasure of the flesh was thanks to him and with him even if they hadn't gone all the way. 

Now Lilith was like a little drug addict who needed his cuddles at least once every day or else she would start feeling uncomfortable all over.

Of course, Bai Zemin was not exactly different than she was.

He was not only a vigorous young man in his early 20's, but thanks to the extreme purity of his records, his vitality and virility had reached heights that when he used Overlap Regeneration were comparable to those of any Seventh Order man; not for nothing did even Lilith concede defeat to his touch!

For Bai Zemin it had been about 1 month of total abstinence, but since he had felt Lilith's body close to his and smelled her unique scent he felt like a wolf ready to face the moon and howl.

"... For some reason I feel uncomfortable just looking at them." 'Wu Yijun' whispered to Sylvia as she stared at the duo.

Sylvia nodded repeatedly, "Same same."

Even 'Shangguan Bing Xue' could feel the corner of her eye twitch a couple of times as she watched the scene before her.

Khristina shook her head as she muttered to herself with a wry smile, "The innocence of virgins is quite cute."

* * *

Two days later, the war against the zombies on the outskirts and around the settlement was over.

The human army with the support of the superhumans had finally managed to completely wipe out the horde of two million. Despite this great victory, however, there were no celebrations at all.

Many had died, and more than 70% of all the heavy ammunition had been consumed during the war against the zombies.

Three days later, in the central hall of the tallest building, a total of twelve people sat around a large round table.

Generals of the army, commanders, two mayors, high-ranking police officers... They were all important figures in the settlement.

In the four corners were four powerful men, superhumans, some of the most powerful in the entire base. They were in charge of ensuring the safety of everyone there.

Bang!

Suddenly, the wooden door exploded as two unconscious soldiers flew backwards.

The four men immediately moved so that the table and the twelve people were behind them. To the eyes of the twelve people inside the room, these four men were like four flashes of lightning moving.

Soon, the sound of several calm, unhurried footsteps were heard from outside.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"What about the guards?" growled a bearded army general as he checked to make sure the magazine of his 9mm was up to the brim.

"C-couldn't they have been wiped out, could they?" a short, chubby man shivered in fear. He was trying to hide behind everyone.

Soon, two people walked into the room.

Two women, both beautiful enough to steal one's breath for an instant; particularly the female who held a sword that was as pure white as her hair.

"Wu Yijun and Xuanyuan Bing Xue?" an already old and hunched commander recognized both of them. He looked at the two young women with a stern expression and reprimanded, "What is this all about?"

Both 'Wu Yijun' and 'Shangguan Bing Xue' enjoyed many good benefits from the government and the military. At the end of the day, one was the granddaughter of the Prime Minister who was still the President's right-hand man and the other was not only the illegitimate daughter of the Xuanyuan family but also a powerful warrior.

However, even the most stupid among those present could tell that neither of them had good intentions; the two unconscious soldiers were pretty solid proof of this fact.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' looked at the people in front of her with an indifferent expression, and did not even pay attention to the four superhumans who were staring at her like tigers about to swallow her alive.

"As you must already know, God has descended upon our world to put an end to the troubles that weigh on the heads of our human race." She began spouting nonsense with a serious expression on her face, "Now, God has chosen us as his right hand and left hand to take the reins of our race and lead you all to a future free of war."

Everyone stared at her, hoping she was joking.

Yes, days ago, they had all seen that flash of golden light fighting with the purple light; both appeared to be God and the Devil, and in the end, God defeated the Devil. Unfortunately, none of them could see that flash of golden light again and did not know where God was.

However, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' had just appeared in front of them saying that she had been chosen by God to be one of his limbs? This was a bit too much to digest.

Indeed, a general raised his gun and pointed it at 'Shangguan Bing Xue's' head with the intention of pulling the trigger, "Bullshit!"

Even faster than him, however, 'Wu Yijun' raised her hand and the plant that was silently just to the left of the armed general struck him with the force of a whip.

The man shrieked in pain as his grip on his soul loosened. He looked down at his blood-covered hand before looking up at 'Wu Yijun' in astonishment, "You... You said you hadn't awakened any abilities! You lied!"

However, 'Wu Yijun' shook her head and said softly, "I didn't lie. This skill was given to me by him."

Him? 

That general was stunned as he muttered, "God?"

Suddenly, one of the four men roared furiously and was about to charge forward when he suddenly felt something cold on his neck.

"As you can see, I now have more than one skill, ability, or whatever." With her sword at the superhuman's neck, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' who was surrounded by crackling crimson lightning gazed at him with cold eyes as she calmly said, "You only have two choices. Submit to God's will and become great humans within the new divine regime or die under the edge of my sword. There is no third option here."

As the superhuman at sword point sweated bullets as he could not even react to the explosive speed of the woman in front of him, the others looked at each other in dismay.

It was well known that each superhuman only had one ability at best, but this was very rare as most of them could only use the energy circulating within them to strengthen their bodies a little more and that was it.

However, in front of them, the Prime Minister's granddaughter who assured that she did not have any ability had just proved to be the possessor of at least one strange ability.

Even more surprisingly, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' whose known ability was the creation of ice now also had a lightning ability that made her faster than a superhuman whose special ability was to increase his movement speed.

In the end, the people inside the hall obediently surrendered without showing any intention to fight.

By the end of the day, the entire base had fallen into the hands of 'Shangguan Bing Xue' and 'Wu Yijun' at least in name, as they both had a lot of work to do.

Sitting behind a desk, 'Wu Yijun' cut off the call with her grandfather who was screaming his head off. She sighed, and after a long while, muttered, "Bing Xue, are you sure about this...?"

Standing in front of the window, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' remained silent for a minute or two before saying in a soft voice, "I have a feeling that my feelings for that person will continue to grow, even now that he is no longer here. Yijun, I want to see him again, and for that I need to be stronger... I won't force you, you can still go back."

'Wu Yijun' smiled with irony: "Forget it..."

After a long silence, 'Shangguan Bing Xue' said in a firm voice: "We have to be stronger. He and all the people around him are ridiculously powerful, particularly the women close to him... If we want to step into his life we will have to be a lot stronger, and to find a way to get to the main dimension we will have to go a long distance."

'Wu Yijun' took a moment to nod. Then, she pointed out, "Bing Xue, that person said that 30 days here equals only 1 in the original dimension... That means we have a lot of time, doesn't it? 30 years for us will be only 1 year for him, so as long as we don't forget him we don't have to worry about him forgetting us."

'Shangguan Bing Xue' nodded and then turned to leave.

'Shangguan Bing Xue' had a solid plan in her head, and using the word "God" as well as the thousands of people who had witnessed such power days ago, she would take charge of everything.

However, she was mature enough to know that it would not be easy, as not many would be willing to give up great positions just because of the words of an unknown girl.

From now on, the two of them would have little to no time to rest.

...

Of course, Bai Zemin had no idea about everything that was going on in the alternate dimension.

This was because, after 3 hours of following Lilith in the space rift (3 days in the alternate dimension), he finally reached the main universe.

* * * * * * *

A/N: Two more today.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3