Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Planet Earth, Russia.

The climate all over the Earth was many times fiercer compared to the past; warm climates became much hotter and those places where low temperatures prevailed became much more unbearable.

Russia was a country in which cold weather predominated in practically all its territory, and after the evolution of the world, its capital experienced heavy snow blizzards several times a month such that the whole area more than 300 kilometers around Moscow was snow, snow, and more snow.

Due to the invasion of China, the survivors that were located in the south, east, and west of Russia had been moved to the main base located in Moscow, although there were also many other survivors that were abandoned to their fate by the government and the armed/evolved army once they realized that the speed of advance of the Chinese forces was much faster than they had initially expected.

Even so, the main Russian base in Moscow had more than 15 million survivors. If it weren't for the fact that the base was really huge, the place would be no different than an anthill with people having to step on each other's heads to move around.

On this particular day, the survivors were locked inside buildings and houses. On the other hand, those who simply had no place to live were just taken to subway shelters built long before the start of the apocalypse.

The ever-bubbling giant base had become a ghost city, desolate and abandoned.

High up on the walls, thousands upon thousands of soldiers watched the various battlefields in the distance. All of them had pale faces and fear was evident in their eyes.

"H-Hey... Do you think our soul evolvers will be able to beat those Chinese soul evolvers?"

"Of course we will win!" at his comrade's question, a soldier glared at him as he nodded firmly, "The blood that runs through our veins is much more powerful than theirs!"

"Blood? Who cares about that..." Muttered a soldier who seemed to have surrendered to fate. With a hint of madness in his gaze, he shouted, "Those damn Chinese shot down all our bases in the south, killed thousands of soul evolvers and soldiers of our Russia, captured hundreds of thousands of survivors, and now they came to Moscow with no impediments! We will lose, we will definitely lose this war!"

The expression of some soldiers contorted in anger while others turned pale at the truth they did not want to accept.

"Now we can only pray." A wrinkled old army general took off his hat, revealing a burnt head patch as he stared ahead with eagle eyes.

A couple of days ago, the strongest soul evolvers of the Chinese faction arrived at the gates of Moscow. However, instead of attacking, they sent a Russian survivor as a messenger.

The message was very simple and easy to understand: "Send your strongest soul evolvers to fight against ours. The winner side takes all. If you refuse this offer, our troops will root everything to the ground once our Leader returns from his mission in the East Sea."

After 24 hours, the reply in the form of a letter from the Russian headquarters was delivered by the same Russian survivor.

"We accept." The letter was signed by the very Leader, President, and absolute ruler of the Russian faction; Eduard Valentinovich.

For several hours, more than a dozen battlefields had been automatically set up as the two sides collided against each other.

Shock waves, explosions, earth tremors, shaking clouds... The entire southern zone 60 kilometers away had become a death zone where no one could approach.

Russia's soul evolvers believed they had found a loophole in the offer of China's soul evolvers. They expected to fight using their numerical advantage since it was well known to all that China had not sent 100% of its strongest soul evolvers; after all, they could not neglect their own territory.

However, they soon ran into one or two unpleasant surprises.

Cai Jingyi was fighting a Third Order soul evolver and a Fourth Order soul evolver without showing the slightest intention or need to retreat.

Kang Lan was facing four Third Order soul evolvers, moving around releasing poison from every part of her body while dozens of thin red lightning-like snakes crackled noisily around her.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Nangong Yi who had transformed into a dragon over 7 meters tall was fighting against three soul evolvers of the Fourth Order. His defense was so high that his enemies had barely hurt him after several hours while his fists were like meteors shattering everything they touched.

However, the most overwhelming of all was undoubtedly Shangguan Xinyue.

Floating about 20 to 30 meters above the ground and with a dozen huge wind dragons dancing around her, Shangguan Xinyue looked with a bored expression at the five Fourth Order soul evolvers who after several hours of fighting against her were panting heavily.

"You guys are really weak and boring. The women in your house must be really unsatisfied with something like that." She shook her head and then reprimanded, "That's why it's not good to level up so fast and choose trash Classes. My family's King taught the kids well but it seems like that old thing in your lands really isn't good for anything."

"This little slut...!" Roman Valeryevich groaned, which earned him an automatic wince as all over his body were small but terrifying bloody gashes.

Gerard, Russia's most powerful mage, a Fourth Order soul evolver, muttered softly and with a pale face, "I don't have much Mana left... This woman fooled us."

"Hey you ugly gnome! Are you calling this young lady a liar?!" Shangguan Xinyue pointed at Gerard while glaring at him with wide eyes and gasped in indignation, "Although it's true that I occasionally lie, that only happens when my enemy is too strong but you are too weak! That Lich and his bony dragon were much, much stronger than all of you put together!"

She was barely giving her 70% at best but the five Fourth Order soul evolvers of the Russian faction could barely break through her defense. 

Of course, Shangguan Xinyue knew that this was only possible because the weather in this place was extremely favorable for her. Here, she was at least twice as powerful thanks to the strong gusts of wind and constant snowfall.

Soon, the 1 vs 5 battle broke out again with greater intensity than at the beginning; proof that everything was about to end.

Each battlefield occupied at least 10 kilometers away from the other, and everything in those areas was shattered to the point where even the snow was swept away. However, Shangguan Bing Xue's battlefield was six times bigger than all the others!

There was only one soul evolver from the Transcendent faction that was currently having trouble dealing with his enemy.

"Hey. pretty boy, are you sure you don't need help?" 

From not too far away, a female voice entered Fu Xuefeng's ears as he was trying his best to deal with the level 199 soul evolver in front of him.

"Shen Mei, I told you a thousand times that I don't need your help!" His reply was a fierce roar as he furiously slashed at the mist in front of him, "This little bastard only hides but doesn't fight at all!"

Shen Mei giggled seductively as she blocked the soul level 201 soul evolver's sword in front of her. Her body was sent flying, but she turned in the sky and landed gracefully as she said, "It's very easy to defeat that girl's skill. You really don't want me to help you? Just call me big sister Meimei..."

"Shut up!"

...

About 150 kilometers from Moscow, the fiercest, most dangerous, and lethal battlefield of all.

"Esoteric Ray!" The Leader of Russia, Eduard Valentinovich, raised both hands in front of him and fired a thick beam of black light that seemed to split the world into two halves.

Even the surrounding light was devoured for a brief split second and the soil rotted wherever the black beam passed.

Although Feng Tian Wu was very self-confident, she did not dare to underestimate the Leader of Russia. 

At the end of the day, Eduard Valentinovich was not only the King of a huge faction just like Bai Zemin but also a terrifying soul evolver above level 290!

However...

Feng Tian Wu raised her right hand and the crimson stone on top of the ring on her middle finger glowed brightly as she chanted, "Fire Eclipse."

Just as a huge ball of blackish red flames covered everything within 500 meters around Feng Tian Wu, the Esoteric Ray fired by the Russian Leader struck.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Followed by a terrifying explosion that shook everything within several kilometers in the surrounding area, the sky began to rumble as if it was about to collapse.

The snow in the surrounding area had long since melted and dissipated, so it was the earth's turn to suffer when a huge new crater formed with the impact zone as its core.

Feng Tian Wu had a serious expression on her face as she observed her flames slowly being consumed by the black ray. However, seriousness did not mean panic.

Suddenly, the space around Eduard contorted fiercely, triggering his Danger Sense skill.

Without hesitation, he stopped using Esoteric Ray and using his left fist struck back with all his might.

RUMBLE...!!!

A huge sphere of vacuum formed for an instant with the fist and the dagger as its center, exploding a moment later in the form of a giant dome and shattering the earth into pieces.

Despite having blocked the fatal attack, the Russian Leader's expression distorted as he roared: "Bitch! Once I get my hands on you I'll show you that you would have been better dead!"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Thousands of small blasts were heard from inside Eduard Valentinovich's body, and a second later, hundreds of thin bloody slices opened up all over his body.

Fortunately he was no longer the same as before or else he would have died hours ago.

"Blood Regeneration!" Eduard's voice had barely left his lips when his entire body was covered by a strong flash of red light, and in the next instant, all the bloody cuts disappeared as if they had never been there.

Suddenly, the temperature in the area rose sharply and the world seemed to light up as if the sun had closed its distance from the Earth.

Eduard Valentinovich abruptly raised his head, and at the same time as a huge eastern fire dragon over 1000 meters long descended on his head he heard the distant cold voice of the red-haired female.

"Let me see how much more you can take."

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

This explosion was twice as terrifying as the previous one, and everything over 60 kilometers would have been obliterated but for the fact that the battle was occurring in a completely desolate place.

Feng Tian Wu's face lit up as a side effect of the sea of bright fire in front of her. Her reddish hair flopped around behind her as her body was whipped by the various wind blasts produced by the explosion but her expression was as cold as ice itself.

"Evangeline, that man should be about to run out of Mana but I don't have much left either... Get ready to use that thing Bai Zemin gave you."

Although Feng Tian Wu received no verbal response, the spatial distortion that occurred less than two meters to her right was all she needed to know that her message was received and understood.

While it was true that the battle proved to be at least three times more difficult than Feng Tian Wu expected, it was still within the acceptable range. If it was just her alone she might have no hope of winning, but with Evangeline here it was different.

Before this, Feng Tian Wu honestly didn't think much of Evangeline. But after seeing how she could travel distances of tens of kilometers in less than a second, multiply her attacks hundreds of times in an instant, and even direct all the energy from her slashes into the body, Feng Tian Wu finally understood that while her destructive power was minimal, Evangeline was an extremely terrifying soul evolver to contend with.

"Your status may be the same as his in name, but you are still light years away in terms of power." The reddish-haired beauty muttered, and then raised her hand skyward ready to launch a new attack.

Today, she with Evangeline's help was going to overthrow the King of Russia by any means necessary and hand over this territory to the only existence that Feng Tian Wu would accept as Ruler.

Now that he was her friend and they completely buried the events of the past, Feng Tian Wu hoped one day to get as much trust from him as that Shangguan Bing Xue woman had.

* * * * * * *

A/N: With this chapter my promise is fulfilled and I am completely up to date with the chapters.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3