Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin looked at the girl in front of him with the same degree of curiosity she seemed to feel as she looked at them.

She was small, her body thin and petite without any sign of maturity, which was completely normal considering she was only nine years old. Her hair was as black as ink and her face extremely pretty like that of a porcelain doll. But the most striking thing was her eyes. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

On the way here, Bai Zemin had seen other children and easily noticed that they all had cunning looks as they scanned the surroundings; like little foxes waiting for the perfect opportunity to launch an assault.

However, the eyes of the little girl in front of him were like two shining gems free of any impurity, it was as if even when the outside world had turned into hell it was incapable of staining her heart.

Just as she was happily singing a few moments ago inside the small house, it was as if the inside and outside were different dimensions,

Apparently that Luo Cheng guy did a good job taking care of his little sister. Bai Zemin silently analyzed as he crouched down to be at the girl's level.

"You are Luo Ning? My name is Bai Zemin and these two are my friends Fu Xuefeng and Zhong De." Bai Zemin smiled for the first time in a long time, a real smile and not a fake or forced one. "Your big brother's name is Luo Cheng, isn't it?"

Luo Ning's eyes shone with a hint of caution and she unconsciously stepped back slightly before cautiously asking, "This... Elder brothers, you are people sent by the four big village bosses? My big brother left yesterday morning but he still hasn't returned so..."

Seeing the girl's wariness, Bai Zemin took out the milk carton and held it forward as he said, "Actually, we are friends with your brother Luo Cheng. We met yesterday a few kilometers from here and we get along well."

"Oh..." The girl looked at the milk carton and swallowed softly. She obviously wanted it but still shook her head, "Elder brother, where is my brother?"

Bai Zemin didn't insist and gave the milk carton to Zhong De to look after before saying, "I'll take you to him tonight if you want. For now, how about giving me a walk around? I'd like to get to know the village more, if you're not too busy."

Luo Ning hesitated as she had heard her big brother Luo Cheng told her not to leave the house without him present. But it had been more than a day since he had left and there had been no news from him, so she was worried; after all, without her big brother she would not be able to survive alone in this world since he was her only source of dependability.

Besides, she somehow knew that the person in front of her would not hurt her. As for how such a thing was possible when she had just met him, it was unknown.

"Okay! Luo Ning will take you for a walk!" She closed the door and locked it with a small key she took out of her pocket before taking Bai Zemin's hand with a sweet smile.

The girl didn't seem to mind the smell on his body and didn't seem to be on guard either as she started walking pulling Bai Zemin's hand while pointing out some places.

"That's the place where the village fighters gather every day before going out to look for supplies or people."

"This is where Boss Lei Su lives. Big brother, don't tell anyone but actually Boss Lei Su is a pervert with more than ten wives!"

"This is the village square and the bosses often gather the other survivors to give orders. It is also used as a gathering point every night where a big pot of food is made and distributed to the survivors!"

...

Bai Zemin walked hand in hand with Luo Ning, and the girl enthusiastically introduced the main places of the village. Her cheerful and lively attitude attracted a lot of attention as there were often survivors turning to look at her in astonishment, as if they could not believe that in such chaos there was a person who could act in such a way.

Even Bai Zemin had unconsciously relaxed, feeling the tension on his body ease. Luo Ning caused that Bai Zemin unconsciously thought on his little sister Meng Qi, so the girl had really started to like him.

Following them from behind, Fu Xuefeng and Zhong De were secretly surprised as this was the first time they had seen the normally cold and cruel Bai Zemin have such a gentle expression on his face.

* * *

Meanwhile, in the most luxurious villa of the village, an important discussion was taking place amidst a dark and heavy atmosphere.

Sitting on a couch and enjoying the tender hands of a woman massaging his shoulders, a burly man of about 35 years old had a grim expression on his scarred face.

This man was actually Ye Qigang, the strongest of the four camp leaders as well as the man with the most authority.

On another couch, to Ye Qigang's right, a middle-aged man was enjoying touching the breasts of two pretty women who had barely entered their thirties. His appearance was quite decent in comparison to Ye Qigang's deformed face, however, the truth was that this man was actually cruel and sadistic.

This man was Lei Su and it was said that more than three women had already died at his hands because they could not tolerate his "games" in bed.

At the left, on another small couch, a man between 25 and 30 years old with a monkey-like appearance was constantly looking around with cautious eyes. He was the only one without a woman accompanying him; this man was the third village boss, Du Meng.

"What about Yang Pei?" Lei Su casually asked as he continued to caress the two women's breasts. A strange smile formed on his lips and he laughed rampantly, "That idiot couldn't have amused himself with some booty? Hahaha!"

Du Meng looked at him without saying anything and his eyes glittered strangely.

"I don't think that's it..." Ye Qigang ignored Lei Su's jokes and shook his head.

Although Lei Su was a bit perverted and somewhat crazy, he was brave and could fight well so Ye Qigang tolerated him to the extent possible.

"I have a bad feeling." Ye Qigang muttered and the room went silent immediately.

Even Lei Su stopped playing and his expression changed slightly.

In the past, Ye Qigang had had several "bad feelings" and it was thanks to this that the three of them along with Yang Pei had managed to escape trouble. Even when the Soul Record came to Earth, it was thanks to Ye Qigang that the three of them were able to survive. Therefore, every time something happened, Lei Su and Du Meng knew that it was no time for jokes.

Ye Qigang waved his hand and the woman behind him stopped massaging him. He stood up and said in a deep voice: "Du Meng, prepare your men and scout the surrounding areas but don't go too far away. Lei Su, take twenty men and go up north... It is possible that Yang Pei has encountered problems and if that's the case he might need help."

Du Meng stood up without a word and went out the front door.

As for Lei Su, he licked his lips and ran out anxiously since every time he went out if he found some pretty woman he could have fun first.