Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"... This is the first time I've seen something so beautiful."  Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Khristina's gorgeous face was being illuminated by the light but warm pale blue glow that matched the color of her eyes as she stared in awe at the scene in front of her.

Sylvia was not unlike Khristina at this moment. She nodded in agreement, "Although back in my dimension I saw many images that the various governments uploaded to the internet, seeing it in person gives much stronger feelings in comparison."

Bai Zemin smiled slightly as he listened to the two women's comments but did not scoff or comment on it. At the end of the day, he too had gone through something similar on his first time.

This was because they were in outer space, just outside the Earth's atmosphere and at a safe enough distance to avoid being pulled by the Earth's gravitational force.

While it was true that Khristina had seen and had much more experience than Bai Zemin in practically everything since he was just an ordinary human being until about 2 years ago, she had never been in outer space before, but it was the second time for him.

"Zemin, I will open a spatial crack now." Lilith looked at him with a slightly serious expression as she explained, "Because Higher Existences are not allowed in Hero City, all I can do is open a rift with the approximate direction for you to go by yourself. You'll have to be very careful and use the power of that stone throne with caution though. A little misdirection could send you to the other side of the world if you go off course."

Bai Zemin nodded, "Don't worry, I understand."

Seeing that there was no trace of fear in his eyes even knowing that he would soon be thrown into a spatial crack, Lilith finally smiled as she trusted the person she had chosen as a partner.

"Young sir, when this is all over and we can rest you will have a lot to tell me." She narrowed her eyes, "Don't think I don't know that you have been hiding many things from me recently."

"A mysterious man will always be more attractive to women." Bai Zemin closed his eyes and raised his index finger as he said with a serious expression. Then, he opened his eyes again and lowered his finger, "Or so my father said when I was 7 years old."

Lilith couldn't help but laugh until her shoulders shook, "Zemin, if your mother finds out about that I bet Uncle will have to sleep on the kitchen floor for a couple of centuries!"

"Y-You have quite an interesting father don't you..." Sylvia looked away.

On the other hand, Khristina winced, "What was that person doing teaching a 7-year-old something like that?"

A few minutes later, Bai Zemin used the Throne of Creation to break into the rift opened by Lilith.

As the surroundings trembled fiercely and everything became darker and darker, Khristina's voice rang in his ears.

"I'll disappear for now. When we reach Hero City I will separate from you and will not join your team. Once the city's space barrier opens in a few hours I will return to Russia."

"Do whatever you want." Bai Zemin replied indifferently.

If she wanted to waste her time then good for him.

Hearing the indifference in his tone of voice, Khristina planned to say something else. However, for some reason, she finally shook her head and closed her mouth without saying anything.

Less than a minute later, a small spatial rift less than 3 meters high and less than 3 meters wide opened up inside Hero City right between the artificial clouds.

"Well, here we are." Bai Zemin glanced at Khristina and made a shooing gesture with his hand, "You can go now."

Khristina rolled her eyes but finally left without another word. She activated her skill to camouflage herself or become invisible, and when she jumped off the Throne of Creation and left the protective barrier, she did not reveal herself to the world.

"Woah, what an impressive city!" Sylvia covered her mouth with one hand as her blue eyes gazed at the surroundings in awe, "It looks like a city out of a fantasy and science fiction movie..."

Bai Zemin chuckled at her comment, "Don't worry. This city belongs to me so you'll have time to appreciate it and even live in it."

"Ah? This city is yours?" She looked at him in disbelief.

"Of course." Bai Zemin nodded with a faint smile, "Though I still don't know how it works exactly but that's precisely where we'll go now."

Sylvia blinked in confusion, but despite this, he didn't answer her doubts.

Bai Zemin didn't delay any longer and quickly led the Throne of Creation towards the center of the city.

In a matter of 10 minutes, he once again found himself face to face with that great curtain of darkness he had once passed through to chase after the Corruption Demon Shun.

"It was here that it all began," Bai Zemin began to narrate to Sylvia the story of how it was that he came to the alternate dimension where they met while carrying the Throne of Creation into the space storm.

Perhaps it was because the Throne of Creation was a special artifact that went hand in hand with the Sky Emperor's Palace but, in contrast to the first time, it took Bai Zemin only 15 minutes to reach the inside of the elegant and majestic palace.

As Bai Zemin commanded the Throne of Creation, moving at full speed through the long and wide corridors of the Sky Emperor's Palace, Sylvia watched everything with wide eyes.

"I feel like I've been living in a small cage." She smiled bitterly as she shook her head, "It's been about an hour since I arrived in the main universe but the things I saw and heard surpass everything I saw and experienced during my 19 years of life."

In Sylvia's eyes, such a city could only belong to a true absolute king and ruler. 

As far as Sylvia was concerned, such a majestic palace could only belong to a True God as spoken of in fanciful stories and legends.

She already respected Bai Zemin enormously, but when she turned to look at him again this time her eyes held respect, admiration, and even a tinge of pity.

'A young man barely two years older than me actually has enough power to move with such freedom in a palace like this. Traveling dimensions, possessing the power to tear apart an entire country with ease, and even meeting a girlfriend powerful enough to cut through space... Just, how many things did he have to live through to become like this?' she thought in her heart.

Bai Zemin had no idea what Sylvia's inner thoughts were, but when he heard her muttering about her life, he pointed out, "Sylvia, I understand how you feel. I was exactly like you until not too long ago, a little ant who thought it knew and understood enough and then was thrown into a bigger world. Like a frog who thinks it knows the sky while looking at the little patch of clouds barely visible from its hole."

With another turn to the right, the throne room finally appeared in Bai Zemin's vision.

"But soon you will be not that different from me and the others." He said as he pushed the Throne of Creation forward, "You will become much, much stronger. The things you will see and experience are things you probably never dreamed of... Since you have decided to follow me, reaching the top of the universe is guaranteed."

The top of the universe... 

If those words had been said by someone else, or if someone had said it to her 1 month ago, Sylvia would definitely have done everything she could to get away from someone outside of the reality they lived in; a total lunatic.

But now...

"Okay." She nodded, "I just have to follow you, is that it?"

Her reply took Bai Zemin by surprise, but he soon smiled.

"You just have to follow the path I'll open. Doesn't sound so hard does it?"

Sylvia had probably never smiled as brightly as she did now, "Of course it doesn't."

Actually, they both knew it wouldn't be easy.

It wouldn't be easy to break a path, but it also wouldn't be easy to walk the path he would break for her and the others.

However, even though Sylvia didn't understand why Bai Zemin still risked his life even though he had enough strength to live comfortably and luxuriously for many years, she could see in his serious expression that stepping aside was never an option.

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin pushed through the open doors of the throne room, and with a deadly serious expression and chilling eyes pushed the speed of the Throne of Creation two inches above the thick carpet.

"Oh my god..." Sylvia covered her mouth again as she stared with a pale face at the statues of armed soldiers on both sides of the carpet.

Even if the protective barrier of the throne was shielding her from harm, she knew instinctively that those statues were probably the most powerful things she had ever seen and, when she saw the serious expression on his face, she realized she was right.

Bai Zemin's eyes did not look at the statues.

He didn't look at the wonderful room either.

In fact, Bai Zemin didn't even notice that after all the mess brought by that Dragon God Realm female the throne room was still in perfect condition.

His eyes only stared at the silver scepter at the top of the stairs.

The scepter still floated there without making the slightest sound, as if it was waiting for someone to take it once and for all after countless years of solitude during which only the Throne of Creation and lifeless statues accompanied it.

If it were before, Bai Zemin would probably not dare to touch the silver scepter.

This was because unlike the calm and silence of the Throne of Creation, the silver scepter somehow made him feel as if he was standing in front of something weak but unknown... and that feeling of unknown made him uncomfortable.

However, for some reason that even he could not understand, he charged forward without stopping.

In just a second, the Throne of Creation crossed the entire carpet and in another second appeared on the seventh step.

Like a spring, Bai Zemin stood and leaped toward the silver scepter with his right hand outstretched in a claw-like form.

There was no hesitation or doubt; only action and confidence despite the pounding of his heart.

To Bai Zemin's surprise, the instant his hand encircled and grasped the silver-colored scepter, a force of restraint and annihilation he had never felt before engulfed him.

His heart sank and his face grew pale at the thought that he might have made an error in judgment.

Just then, his soul grew hot as if someone had thrown him into a volcano and Sylvia's cry behind his back alerted him even more.

Just as he wanted to turn around, a series of notifications began to flash in his eyes.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3