Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[The Heavenly Interdimensional Sealing Scepter has just brought out sealed records within you.]

[Your soul, which was about to collapse, was saved thanks to the Perfect Evolution Crystal].

[Because your power is immeasurably low you cannot use the Heavenly Interdimensional Sealing Scepter]

[Sky Emperor's records have been unlocked and found inside your soul.]

Bai Zemin had no time to feel relieved once he felt the danger disappear.

In front of his eyes, the silver scepter whose name he now knew turned into a flash of silvery-white light. After striking his chest with tremendous force that nearly threw Bai Zemin off the stairs, the Heavenly Interdimensional Sealing Scepter disappeared without a trace of its existence.

[You have unlocked a new skill.]

[You have received the title 'Successor to the Sky Emperor'. This title will evolve in the future as your power increases].

"This..." Bai Zemin stared at his now empty palm with an expression of utter shock on his face.

At first, Bai Zemin only wanted to take the silver scepter the same way he took the Throne of Creation.  Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He thought that since the most dangerous Throne of Creation, the source of such pressure that threatened to destroy his soul, had recognized him as its owner, he would have no problem taking the silent silver scepter that floated like a small minion beside the throne.

It was only now that Bai Zemin understood and realized how wrong he was.

The Throne of Creation, or Throne of Destruction, was undoubtedly a terrifying artifact... However, the most terrifying of them was the silver scepter!

Although it was only for an instant, Bai Zemin felt closer to death than he had ever been in his entire life; he had not even felt so close to his doom when Thao Zhi was torturing him in the depths of the East Sea.

At this point he no longer cared if the Heavenly Interdimensional Sealing Scepter was in his soul or if it had fled somewhere else, what Bai Zemin felt was joy at still being alive... But, even greater than the joy in his heart, what Bai Zemin mostly felt was pure and utter confusion.

"Wh-What..." Bai Zemin's face grew even paler as he read the records of the title he had just received.

He didn't even realize that he had backed up to the point where the back of his knees hit the stone throne, making him fall seated back to where he had been before he launched himself to grab the silver scepter.

"H-Hey..." Sylvia stared at him, even paler than he was.

She knew no one but him in this new universe she had decided to venture into, so if he collapsed Sylvia knew that what awaited her would be utter misery.

Even when he was facing five nuclear weapons he still showed no sign of panic despite his initial shock... However, for the first time, Sylvia was seeing the person she most admired on the verge of mental collapse.

She didn't understand, what happened?

Why was he like this all of a sudden?

However, Sylvia would definitely understand better if she knew the enormous identity problems that Bai Zemin had been experiencing since the beginning of the apocalypse by not knowing who he really was.

______________

[Successor to the Sky Emperor (Title): A unique title that was programmed to be given to the reincarnation or the one chosen by the Sky Emperor as a future successor. Only one who possesses part or all of the records of the Emperor of Heaven may have this title].

[Effect: Grants you total control over Sky City and its insides].

______________

The effect of the title was very simple but definitely terrifying.

While Sky City was a legend among the eight factions of Higher Existences, the fact that the most powerful beings in the universe treated such a city as a legend was more than enough proof that it was definitely something incredible.

However, what made Bai Zemin on the verge of mental collapse was not the effect but the description of the title itself.

A title that was meant to be given to the reincarnation of the Sky Emperor or his murderer? 

Bai Zemin stared at the space in front of him without any particular emotion; that's how overwhelmed he was at this moment.

He... He definitely couldn't have killed the Sky Emperor to absorb his records, could he? For god's sake, Bai Zemin was only 21 years old and this year he would barely be 22!

How the hell was he supposed to kill a soul evolver that had existed trillions of years in the past? Forget about whether he had the strength to do it, the Earth didn't exist at that time not to mention the Bai family or Bai Zemin!

As for having killed him in past lives? According to Bai Zemin understood thanks to Fire Sorrow, when a soul evolver fulfilled all the requirements of reincarnation they would lose their records accumulated in their past life, as well as their memories.

But, then that left only one option... Only one explanation.

"Sky Emperor...?" He muttered softly and with his eyes trembling, "How can this be possible...? I- Wasn't I supposed to be the reincarnation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius? How... How does it turn out that I am now the reincarnation of the Sky Emperor now...?"

Sylvia looked at him in shock, because although she didn't fully understand what he was saying, the word reincarnation was something she definitely knew well.

Reincarnation? Was he the reincarnation of someone?

Besides, Sylvia felt that this someone was definitely someone terrifyingly strong in the past just by hearing such domineering names.

Unfortunately for her, Bai Zemin could barely take care of his own mind at the moment, let alone pay attention to hers.

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth as he suddenly felt like bursting into tears like a baby.

Some might think he was immature or whatever, but not knowing where he came from, not knowing what his purpose in life was, and not knowing who he really was weighed a lot more than one might think... Only someone who lived the same as he did would be able to understand him at this moment.

The greatest burden in Bai Zemin's heart was not the apocalypse, neither was it the imminent annihilation of the universe... The greatest burden in his heart was not knowing who he really was.

Heavenly Wolf Sirius? 

Sky Emperor? 

Bai Zemin no longer knew which path he was walking.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3