Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Several minutes later, Bai Zemin finally let out a deep sigh after remaining silent and soundless sitting on the Throne of Creation.

To anyone listening, that sigh was just a normal sigh... However, if anyone knew how great a weight he felt in his mind, in his spirit, and in his heart, they would definitely understand that that sigh carried a lot of negative emotions that he was trying to expel from his records.

"Are you okay...?" 

Sylvia's voice was low, soft, and caring. Had it not been for the fact that the throne room, the entire palace, and its surroundings were in absolute silence it would definitely have been hard to hear.

Bai Zemin couldn't help but smile with a hint of self-disdain at the realization that it now turned out to be that even a basically ordinary girl who had barely received a skill a month ago feared for his sanity.

"I'm fine." He shook his head and straightened his posture, "Just a minor unforeseen event, that's all."

"... Is this about Sirius and the Sky Emperor?" Sylvia asked tentatively as she watched him cautiously, as if afraid to hit the wrong switch.

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"That's right." Bai Zemin did not hide this fact from her because eventually Sylvia would be part of the group of core soul evolvers closest to him, "Based on everything we've discovered so far, including similarities, ancient events, and even some clues left behind... Some people in my group and I were at least 80% sure that I was the reincarnation of one of the most powerful soul evolvers that ever existed in history, that is Sirius, whose constellation is in the sky."

"I see..." Sylvia nodded, understanding but not understanding at the same time, "So, the Sky Emperor...?"

"I just got records that completely jeopardize, not to say just demolished 100% that theory." Bai Zemin sighed. Then, he shook his head, "But let's leave it at that for now... There's nothing we can do about it."

Bai Zemin wanted to know who he was, what he was, what was his purpose for existing... How could he not want to know himself? So far, many of his greatest actions seemed to have been meticulously planned and he needed to know if he was just a piece of manipulable meat.

Since he began to evolve and grow, Bai Zemin was slowly learning and discovering many of the secrets of the universe. However, in the process he also learned that his twenty years of life before the apocalypse were like a cover for his true life.

Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do at this point but continue to press forward and move on.

'Although every time I discover something only more unknowns come out and my doubts get bigger, eventually I will have to come to the answer to all my questions.' Bai Zemin took a deep breath, trying to convince himself of this fact.

Just when Sylvia didn't know what to say, as this was all new to her and she didn't know Bai Zemin well enough to know if there was any way to help him, a uniform dull sound was heard inside the throne room and successfully attracted the duo's attention.

It was just that neither of them was prepared for the sight image that would greet them.

"Oh my god..." Sylvia covered her mouth with both hands as she whispered with her blue eyes wide open, "This has to be a joke. It has to be..."

Bai Zemin's face was pale.

Unlike the surprise Sylvia felt, what he felt was terror as he looked at the twenty or so statues now lined up diagonally and staring at him intently.

The statues that appeared to have been bathed in gold, silver, emerald, platinum, and even diamonds were now looking at him with expressions more human than they could not have been more human. In fact, none of them looked like a statue as what Bai Zemin had in front of him were exactly twenty perfect humans dressed in plate armor and spears or swords!

At this point, Bai Zemin only knew that there was no way to fight the people in front of him. It was totally and utterly impossible because each and every one of them had auras that greatly surpassed that of soul evolvers like Shun, Felix, etc... In other words, each of them was powerful enough to fight against Higher Existences.

Although it would be a lie to say that he was calm, Bai Zemin soon relaxed enough to think and he realized that if his thoughts were right this might not be a bad thing for him.

'If worst comes to worst I can only rely on the defense of the Throne of Creation.' As for his own strength... Bai Zemin was arrogant but he was not blind nor was he stupid.

Just then, a man with long hair halfway down his back and inky black in color stepped forward, breaking the perfectly horizontal line. 

Bai Zemin's and Sylvia's eyes automatically focused on this person.

He carried a red xyston-like spear with green flashes of light and heavy plate armor colored to match his xyston. Furthermore, his eyes were green in color as intense as a Persian cat's eyes.

A xyston was similar to a spear but much bigger in all aspects and up to three or four times heavier, which meant that it could also be used to smash and shatter in a manner similar to a greatsword.

The man looked at Sylvia for a few seconds before focusing his attention on Bai Zemin. He stared at him intently for about twenty seconds before slowly kneeling down, laying his xyston on the ground as he lowered his head.

"Lu Cai, First Captain of the Sky Army, greet Your Majesty."

Under Sylvia's wide eyes, the other nineteen soldiers laid down their weapons on the ground and knelt on their right knees all at the same time.

"Greetings to Your Majesty!"

The voice of the nineteen powerhouses thundered at the same time inside the throne room and, it was probably just an illusion Sylvia and Bai Zemin felt due to the difference in power but, the entire palace seemed to quake for a split second.

"B-Bai- This is..." Sylvia still felt like she was dreaming, but after pinching her arm and realizing that it really did hurt she finally accepted the reality in front of her.