Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin let out a deep sigh again as he let the back of his neck rest on the back of the Throne of Creation.

In contrast to the previous sigh, however, this one was a sigh of relief and when he let it out he also expelled his worries momentarily.

'Thank heavens and this freaking title...' Bai Zemin opened his eyes and looked at the twenty people kneeling with their heads down as if they were waiting for something.

Bai Zemin knew that if just one of these soldiers attacked him all he could do was obediently stay inside the protective barrier of the Throne of Creation and start praying that the barrier would not fall. 

Fight? Fighting was never an option when the difference in levels was over 300.

The man with long black hair and using a large xyston as his main weapon raised his head slightly, looking at Bai Zemin with a confused expression.

"Your Majesty, is everything all right?" his voice sounded genuinely worried.

"I-" Bai Zemin suddenly didn't know what to say.

These were not his subordinates whom he knew and with whom he had shared different battlefields.

They were also not people whom Bai Zemin could forcibly control if necessary.

What the hell was he supposed to say when even Bai Zemin himself did not know what was going on? Even if he was clear that this was all thanks to the title Successor of the Sky Emperor, this did not mean that he understood the situation he was in or what the thoughts of the armed soldiers in front of him were.

In the end, Bai Zemin decided to be honest about his situation.

"Lu Cai, I am not the Sky Emperor you probably served under in the past."

"Ah?" Lu Cai looked at him in astonishment at first, but then, an expression of confusion shone in his cat-like eyes.

The other nineteen powerhouses had also raised their heads at this point. They all seemed perplexed after hearing the words of the person sitting on the Throne of Creation.

Bai Zemin hesitated for a moment before slowly asking, "Can you tell me what my name is?"

"Your Majesty..." Lu Cai looked at him with growing concern, and after several seconds, he slowly said, "Yin Wuhan..."

Yin Wuhan? Was that the name of the Sky Emperor? Bai Zemin shook his head to himself.

"That's not my name." He sighed, "My name is Bai Zemin."

"Bai Zemin..." Lu Cai muttered to himself, lowering his head as if he was suddenly deep in thought.

Although Bai Zemin might have lied and faked, he knew that nothing good would come of it.

As his mother had once instructed him, lies had short legs and every truth would eventually come out when we least expected it.

Bai Zemin didn't know why on earth Lu Cai and the others mistook him for the former Sky Emperor, but he knew that the moment the twenty in front of him sensed his aura there would be no need for him to say anything for them to figure out that something was wrong.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"To be honest, I myself don't quite understand what's going on and the situation I'm in... To say that just like you I am completely lost is not an exaggeration." Bai Zemin smiled bitterly as he said softly, "Not long ago, the Soul Record gave me a title. The title is called Successor of the Sky Emperor, and I'm thinking that maybe that's the reason you all are confusing me."

Immediately after he said this, nineteen of the twenty soul evolvers who were previously statues began to murmur among themselves chaotically.

Then, Lu Cai waved his right hand and said in a serious voice, "Dai Bo."

A man with short cut black hair and red eyes nodded without saying a word before disappearing from his position.

"Ah!" Sylvia cried out in fright as she stared wide-eyed at the man standing a step away from the stone throne.

Bai Zemin remained calm on the surface as he watched the person called Dai Bo raise his sword high and subsequently slash fiercely downward.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

The thunderous explosion partially shook the throne room, but what scared Sylvia the most didn't happen.

While looking at the semi-transparent light barrier completely blocking Dai Bo's sword, Sylvia began to pant heavily as her teeth clattered as proof of how strong the scare she felt was.

Bai Zemin took her hand and gently stroked it in a not-so-successful attempt to reassure her, but to his surprise, one of the runes of the Throne of Creation suddenly glowed brightly.

Dai Bo's expression changed noticeably and he quickly withdrew his sword as he tried to back away. However, his lightning-fast movements seemed to be comically slow in the face of the speed at which the Throne of Creation counterattacked.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Dai Bo's body was sent flying over three hundred meters, stopping only after his back slammed into the wall on the other side of the room.

Rumble...

Dai Bo's mouth opened against his will and he immediately spat out a mouthful of slightly bright yellow blood.

The other eighteen soul evolvers gawked as Dai Bo stood up somewhat shakily and sheathed his sword once more.

Sylvia subconsciously squeezed Bai Zemin's hand as she watched the terrifying Dai Bo walk towards them, but to her surprise, Dai Bo knelt down and slammed his forehead against the ground.

"I apologize for my offense, Your Majesty. Dai Bo is willing to give up his head if necessary to pay for my earlier daring."

"Ah...?" Sylvia felt like fainting at the abrupt change of situations again and again.

"Your Majesty, Dai Bo was only following my order." Lu Cai suddenly spoke. His head was down as he explained his actions in a deep voice, "Although none of us understand exactly what is happening, the fact that you are now the Sky Emperor or the future Sky Emperor is undeniable... It's just that this Lu Cai needed to confirm it somehow, that's why I ordered Dai Bo to attack in order to confirm the reaction of the Throne of Creation."

Bai Zemin nodded slowly, finally understanding what was going on.

Lu Cai raised his head to look at him as he continued his explanation, "The Throne of Creation was the throne His Majesty used during his reign. Although some succeeded in sitting on the Throne of Creation before they had to stand up immediately, and none of them succeeded in activating its runes. The only person able to use the power of the Throne of Creation was His Majesty, even other Emperors with a similar level to His Majesty could not."

After a long silence, Bai Zemin remarked, "Basically, you think I am the Sky Emperor because I can use the power of the Throne of Creation?"

Lu Cai nodded, and from what Bai Zemin saw in the eyes of the others it seemed that they also thought so.

'Even though I can't control the Throne of Creation and it just does whatever it feels like when it feels like it, that's not something they need to know.' Bai Zemin nodded in his heart.

At the end of the day, telling the truth and being an idiot were two different things.

"Lu Cai, are you really willing to follow me even though I'm not the Sky Emperor you knew in the past?" 

Lu Cai looked at his comrades, and then smiled bitterly as he said with some regret, "To be 100% honest, it's not like we have much of a choice."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin frowned after realizing that there were more complications to come.

"The Sky Faction was erased from the records of the universe after His Majesty Yin Wuhan headed to the Golden Domain, but thanks to the Sky City Core all of us can continue to exist without being punished by the law of time that rules over the universe outside of here... And for the core of Sky City, that is this Hero City, to function properly we need an existence capable of controlling it. Otherwise I and the others will go back to being statues." Lu Cai looked at Bai Zemin with a serious expression as he slowly said, "Although now that I see you... Your Majesty Bai Zemin is very weak, you are still the successor that His Majesty Yin Wuhan chose. I want to believe and trust that His Majesty Yin Wuhan's eyes were not wrong about you."

Seeing the other nineteen, including Dai Bo, nodding... Bai Zemin did not know what expressions they would put on if they knew that he was not a successor chosen directly by Sky Emperor Yin Wuhan.

In fact, having part of the Sky Emperor's records in his soul, Bai Zemin knew that there was even the ridiculous possibility that he had killed yin Wuhan at some point in some past life in the extremely hypothetical case that he had somehow managed to keep some records in his soul before reincarnating.

But then again, this was something Lu Cai and the others didn't need to know.

'Besides, thanks to Lu Cai and the others I now know that the former Sky Emperor did indeed head to the Golden Domain for whatever reason.' Bai Zemin grimaced in his heart as he realized something else.

If and only if he had actually killed the Sky Emperor... Didn't this mean that he had been in the Golden Domain before?

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3