Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

After more than two hours of fighting with everything they had to contain the numerous enemies that surrounded them on all sides, Shangguan Bing Xue finally began to show a tinge of panic in her eyes.

Eleanora was being pushed back and her body was already riddled with wounds.

Xian Mei'er could barely hold her own against six Third Order soul evolvers, three of them whose levels were no lower than hers.

Matthew was having trouble protecting himself while carrying Angelo on his back.

Among all of them, only Bai Shilin and Naomi were overwhelming their enemies.

Bai Shilin's fists and kicks were so frighteningly strong that every time she managed to make a connection with one of the light figures she shattered them with ease. It didn't matter if the light enemy was strong or if it was weak, a single punch or kick from Bai Shilin finished any of them in a second.

All Naomi had to do was restrain the enemies a bit so that they would not overwhelm the little princess with their numbers, as her healing was rarely required. This was because while Bai Shilin's skin was white, soft, and seemingly fragile... the enemies' magic could practically not break through her natural defense at all.

"Felix, can you hold it back by yourself?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked after successfully freezing the left side of the light body, though partially.

"By myself?" Felix looked at her in surprise, but seeing the serious expression on her face he hesitated before replying, "This thing is very strong, my speed is useless if I can't break through its defense... I can only try to hold it back a little bit but forget about defeating it."

"That's enough." Shangguan Bing Xue nodded.

She knew that this kind of battle would normally drag on for several days and nights, but all she wanted was a few minutes of freedom to turn the tables.

The unknown light entity did nothing to stop Shangguan Bing Xue from leaving but immediately continued attacking Felix as if it knew he was the greatest enemy among all.

"All or nothing." Felix sighed as he spent thousands of Mana points to activate over a dozen skills.

His entire body glowed white, and he soon turned into a flash of light practically impossible to see or follow as he began to fight his enemy.

Shangguan Bing Xue's heart clenched as she watched Felix's terrifying speed. She knew that Bai Zemin needed the records of the Saint of the Absolute to evolve, but she also knew that it was impossible for him to reach such a movement speed.

Besides, Bai Zemin's defense was never particularly high... Shangguan Bing Xue might be in love with him but she was not naive enough to think that he could take a cut to the neck from a Rank 3 or 4 sword.

'I don't have time for that now.' She shook her head furiously, and with a firm expression charged straight towards the dozens of unknown enemies that Bai Shilin and Naomi faced.

Although Bai Shilin and Shangguan Bing Xue were both soul evolvers with the Ice Maker skill, Shangguan Bing Xue was easily ten times more adept than Bai Shilin at using that skill.

When she waved her hand, more than half of the enemies automatically turned into frozen statues, and with a slash of her sword, the other half froze after being hit by a terrifying white blizzard that froze part of the forest.

"Oh!" 

As Bai Shilin clapped her hands, Naomi couldn't help but grimace.

"Shilin, support Yijun and the other big sisters first!" Shangguan Bing Xue knew that when it came to physical power only Bai Zemin and perhaps Kong Jun could surpass Bai Shilin, so she immediately gave her a task that even she herself would have trouble with.

Bai Shilin immediately nodded with a serious expression on her cute face, and with a loud stomp that shattered the ground she turned into a blur of red light that disappeared in an instant.

"Help your brother." Shangguan Bing Xue glanced at Naomi indifferently before dashing towards the new enemies.

Naomi said nothing but gladly went to help her only family who was clearly in trouble.

In the distance, Eleanora had just collapsed to one knee with a rather deep wound in her belly. Her eyes showed exhaustion as she watched the sword descending on her head, and then she knew it would all be over soon for her.

Just then, a small fist encased in a silver-white glove appeared out of nowhere and fearlessly met the sharp blade.

BOOOOM!!!

"What-!" The level 178 soul evolver grimaced in disbelief as he clutched at the handle of his shattered weapon.

The next thing the man saw was a white leg spinning before the light of the world went out for him.

BOOOOOM!!!

Gusts of wind exploded everywhere, shattering a few trees in the process.

As Bai Shilin lowered her leg, Eleanora peered through her half-closed eyelids at the lower half of the incomplete body that had almost claimed her life.

"Big-breasted big sister, are you okay?" Bai Shilin extended her left hand as she looked at Eleanora from above.

"... I wonder from where did you get such a nickname, little child." Eleanora took her hand, and with a grunt stood up as she thought in her heart, 'Not for nothing is this little girl that guy's daughter. Monster after monster.'

After tearing the body of a level 178 soul evolver in half with a single kick and helping Eleanora, Bai Shilin gazed at the other four who were looking at her with pallid faces.

"My dear father was kind enough to let all of you leave alive despite being so weak and useless." Bai Shilin snorted, suddenly appearing in front of an assassin who was using a pair of daggers with poison in them, "Shilin really doesn't like weak people who play strong."

BOOOOM!!!

The fierce winds from Bai Shilin's fist shook Eleanora's blonde hair. She narrowed her eyes at the loud blasts as she muttered under her breath, "Just, what is this girl's Strength number...?"

Three seconds and two booms later, all the enemies Eleanora had been fighting and nearly killed her fell to the ground.

Some of them had their heads blown off, others directly lost the upper half of their bodies, and some had a large hole in their chests.

When the enemies facing Xian Mei'er saw Bai Shilin's black but cold eyes falling on them they felt as if the whole sky was raining down on them.

Xian Mei'er had only managed to kill one at the cost of a deep wound that had pierced her shoulder. But now that Bai Shilin was here she could not help but sigh in relief.

Approximately ten minutes later, the five soul evolvers whose levels exceeded 190 and among whom were two level 200 fell dead before Bai Shilin's fists and kicks as well as Xian Mei'er's fierce magical attacks.

Reaching the Third Order was not a simple task, and all those who succeeded could be considered geniuses. Those who managed to surpass level 190 and reach the threshold between the Third and Fourth Orders were even rarer, geniuses among geniuses. However, one bad choice was all it took for such geniuses to lose their lives today.

Just as Bai Shilin and Xian Mei'er were about to help Wu Yijun, an amused chuckle sounded from the middle of the forest.

"Beautiful little sister, you are really strong you know? Just as I expected."

Xian Mei'er's face changed and Bai Shilin showed a panicked expression when they saw that, not far from where they were, the beautiful woman with red hair and green skin had managed to capture Wu Yijun.

"You... You are not a Third Order powerhouse." Wu Yijun did not dare to move in front of the dagger hovering an inch from her neck.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"Oh, I never said that or did I?" The beauty stroked Wu Yijun's long black hair from behind as she carefully but firmly held the red dagger close to her captive's pristine neck, "My name is Ingrid. I am a Fourth Order plant... it is a pleasure to meet you, little sister Yijun."

As Shangguan Bing Xue kept the unknown light beings at bay, her expression turned extremely ugly as she saw that Wu Yijun had fallen prey to a Fourth Order soul evolver.

If the enemy was at the peak of the Third Order, Shangguan Bing Xue was confident of killing it and ensuring Wu Yijun's safety. However, Fourth Order was something else.

Moreover, Wu Yijun should have the power to fight against normal Fourth Order soul evolvers... This meant that this plant woman named Ingrid was anything but normal.

"What do you want?" Wu Yijun asked without panicking, "If you didn't kill me it's because you want something isn't it?"

"Oh... I have two reasons why I didn't kill you, one more important than the other." Ingrid smiled slightly as she stared skyward, straight through the treetops, and looked up at the figure seated on the floating stone throne, "Let's just say the two are related... First and foremost, I want to continue to evolve. Second, I need to be alive to grow don't you think? Hehehe..."

Wu Yijun was about to ask something when she suddenly saw the space in front of her twisting fiercely. 

"Bai Zemin!" She cried out in surprise and excitement as she looked at the person sitting on the stone throne floating a few centimeters above the ground.

If she wasn't fearful before then now that he was here any worries she might have felt vanished without a trace right then and there!

Shangguan Bing Xue also sighed in relief as she continued to fight against the unknown beings. Furthermore, the faint smile at the corner of her mouth made it evident that she no longer feared for her best friend's safety.

Felix also noticed Bai Zemin's presence, and while fighting against the fierce enemy in front of him who didn't even take a step back he exclaimed in a joking tone, "Although I really like that throne, would you mind helping me here? This fellow is really hard!"

Bai Zemin looked at the various beings of light, and thanks to his newly acquired title understood what they were. He couldn't help but sigh sadly as he realized that many things were more than what one could often see with the naked eye.

"It's okay, you all don't need to fight. They are allies, not enemies."

Simple words came out of his mouth, but what happened next made everyone present gasp in shock.

With a loud magical burst, Felix was pushed back by his enemy.

On the other hand, Shangguan Bing Xue stopped attacking when she saw that the unknown beings jumped over the trees and stopped attacking them but still watched them with obvious wariness.

Suddenly, the blue-white light surrounding the leader began to weaken, slowly revealing the figure of a living being.

The same happened to the rest, and when their appearances were revealed to the eyes of the others, the whole world fell silent.

Even Bai Zemin was shocked even though he knew what he was about to meet.

The leader, who turned out to be a very, very old female with a wrinkled face, stared at Bai Zemin for a long moment before leaning forward slightly, "Elven Queen Lenna greets the new Sky Emperor."

"E-E-Elf..." Naomi sucked in a breath of cold air as she watched the approximately twelve or thirteen elves standing on the branches of the trees.

Golden blond hair, green or blue eyes, slender and limber bodies, soft and delicate skin... The females were stunning beauties and the males were handsome enough to compare to Bai Zemin himself.

"Hmph." Bai Shilin didn't know what was going on or what an elf was, but seeing the men she snorted, "My father is still more handsome after all."

Yes... in the eyes of the innocent girl, her father was unbeatable after all.

* * * * * * *

A/N: Two more to go

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3