Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Lenna looked first at Wu Yijun, who was still being held prisoner by the beauty of the plant race.

"My past self would probably have chosen you. Not only do you have a strong natural spring burning brightly within but you have an extremely pure heart, and among all those present you are the only one who doesn't seem to have murdered an innocent along with that man over there." Lenna looked at Felix for a moment before returning her eyes to Wu Yijun: "But after this bitter experience my elven race underwent I feel we need a change. Young human girl, remember that having such a pure heart isn't always a good thing... Be vigilant, or you could be drawn into a deception you may regret all your life."

Wu Yijun didn't understand very well what Elf Queen Lenna was talking about, but if there was one thing she definitely understood it was the part about eternal regret.

She knew that Fire Sorrow regretted a past decision even today, millions of years later. 

There was also Feng Tian Wu, who because of a choice she made during her immature and youthful years would probably never be able to really break into Bai Zemin's heart.

Wu Yijun definitely did not want that for her: "I... I understand. I definitely won't be tricked by anyone."

Lenna showed her a gentle smile before turning to look at someone else.

The old Elf Queen's eyes first looked at Shangguan Bing Xue, and then settled on the elegant crown-shaped ornament she wore on her head. When Lenna saw the sapphire-colored jewel hanging delicately on Shangguan Bing Xue's forehead, she asked, "Can you lend me your treasure for a moment?"

Shangguan Bing Xue hesitated as she listened to her request. At the end of the day, her crown was an Epic grade treasure and was one of her strongest attack weapons as it complemented her ice and frost skills perfectly well.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

She looked to Bai Zemin for help, but seeing him nod calmly she finally agreed.

"Being cautious is good. Don't trust easily." Lenna nodded appreciatively as the treasure records flashed in her eyes, "I see... It really is like that after all."

Shangguan Bing Xue didn't understand what was going on as the old Elf Queen turned and began to slowly walk deeper into the forest.

"Come with me, human girl. Don't worry, I have no intention of doing anything bad to you."

The twelve elves looked at everyone once more before jumping from branch to branch, following their Queen like protective soldiers.

"Bing Xue, go." Bai Zemin whispered with a nod.

Seeing this, she nodded and finally began to walk until she disappeared into the darkness of the forest.

Bai Zemin followed her back until she disappeared, and was actually not particularly worried. Now that he was in the forest, whatever happened inside could not escape his senses and if necessary he had the weapons to help Shangguan Bing Xue even without being there.

Besides, something told him that this was a good thing for her.

"So..." He turned, finally giving his attention to the green-skinned red-haired beauty, "What do you want?"

Ingrid was still holding Wu Yijun with her dagger close to her neck but not hurting her or causing her pain. She pouted lovely at his question, "Big brother, didn't you listen to me before? I said I want to live but what I want most is to continue to evolve!"

Bai Zemin really had no idea what the female plant was thinking, and the frown on his face was proof of it, "What does Yijun have to do with that? Let her go."

"That can't be done." Ingrid quickly shook her head and her grip on her dagger tightened, "If I let her go now not only will my life be at greater risk but it will be difficult for me to continue to grow in the future."

Wu Yijun frowned and tried to look back unsuccessfully as she asked, "What do I have to do with all this? You've been harassing me the whole time!"

"Hehe, that's because I like you a lot!" Ingrid kissed Wu Yijun on the cheek as she said cheerfully, "Sis, how about you form a contract with me?"

"A contract?" Wu Yijun blinked in confusion and embarrassment at the feel of Ingrid's lips still on her right cheek, "W-what do you mean?"

"It's very simple!" Ingrid exclaimed with sparkling eyes and quickly began to speak almost as fast as an automatic machine gun, "I recently obtained a Legend grade scroll that allows me to form a peer-to-peer contract with another existence, partially linking our souls and benefiting both sides in the process. Sis, you have an extremely pure natural energy within you you know? it's a treasure? how about giving it to me? No? Okay. As I was saying..."

While Ingrid talked like crazy and Wu Yijun answered or asked questions occasionally, Bai Zemin could not help but look at the plant woman with strange eyes.

Previously he had thought she was a seductress, but looking at her now and listening to her talk, Bai Zemin felt that he was facing a child with no experience in life.

"Wait."

"Ah?" Ingrid blinked in surprise when Bai Zemin interrupted her, "Big brother, what's wrong?"

"According to what you just said, you want to form an equal contract with Yijun, is that so?" He questioned.

"Yep yep." Ingrid nodded twice. "Because of my special class, I can't keep leveling up even though I'm not on any threshold. That's why I need a source of extremely pure natural power so I can keep evolving."

Bai Zemin then frowned and asked in a deep voice, "And what does Yijun gain from this? You said it's a peer-to-peer contract didn't you?"

"My protection." Ingrid's red eyes flashed as she stared at Bai Zemin and said slowly but earnestly, "Big brother, even if it doesn't look like it... I am really very strong actually."

Actually, Bai Zemin knew that Ingrid was strong because otherwise she wouldn't have been able to capture Wu Yijun whose battle power was comparable to that of soul evolvers below level 220.

"How strong are you? Yijun is also very strong so unless you say how strong you are your proposal is meaningless." This was the crucial question, and he didn't hesitate to ask it.

"Oh..." Ingrid looked at everyone one by one, and her eyes finally stopped on Felix, "I don't think I would lose easily against that big brother over there."

Bai Zemin's eyes sparkled as he listened to Ingrid's words filled with confidence. Although she didn't say she could beat Felix, she said she wouldn't lose easily to him.

What did this mean? It meant that Ingrid was confident enough to fight against level 400 soul evolvers!

Moreover, the fact that Ingrid dared to say something like that even after seeing Felix in action more than once meant that she really had confidence in being able to back up her words.

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed again as an expression of deep contemplation appeared on his face.

While it was true that Wu Yijun was powerful, there were still soul evolvers capable of suppressing and harming her among the countless Lower Existences that existed in the cosmos. However, if she had Ingrid's help at all times that might not be the case if the two of them worked together.

'Although I will naturally do my best to take care of Yijun, I'm afraid that for diverse reasons I won't be able to be by her side at all times.' Bai Zemin reasoned to himself.

He raised his head to look at Wu Yijun and asked, "Yijun, what do you think about it?"

Wu Yijun also seemed to be contemplating Ingrid's proposal when Bai Zemin's question reached her.

"I..." She hesitated and bit her lips before nodding, "I'd like to accept if she really has a peer-to-peer contract as she said."

"Oh, I naturally do." Ingrid took something out of her leather bag using her free hand and threw it to Bai Zemin, "I'm not lying nor do I have to."

Bai Zemin confirmed the item and soon realized that it was a single-use consumable treasure. Furthermore, just as Ingrid said, the two soul evolvers involved in the contract would have their souls partially bonded so that they would benefit together and grow together but would not receive equivalent damage nor would they both die in the event that one of them was killed.

Although Bai Zemin was a bit worried about Ingrid's naivety since she even dared to hand over a Legend grade treasure just like that casually, the female plant's proposal was too tempting and unique to let it pass.

"Yijun? Are you sure?" He asked, as the contract was a bit vague in some aspects and there was no telling what might happen in the future.

Wu Yijun bit her lower lip gently as memories of the past flashed through her mind at the speed of light.

Memories of Bai Zemin fighting alone and being wounded.

Memories of him risking his life.

Memories of how she could only watch because she was too weak.

Memories of how the only person capable of supporting him had always been Shangguan Bing Xue.

Now that she had the opportunity to be almost as strong as the Saint of the Absolute, would she be willing to let it go? 

Of course she wouldn't.

"Ingrid, let's do it." Wu Yijun nodded with a serious expression.

"Yay!" Ingrid immediately put away her dagger and took a step back, letting Wu Yijun go free without hesitation.

Bai Zemin shook his head at this but said nothing.

He didn't know if Ingrid was feigning ignorance since she seemed to be more cunning before, but if she was really feigning she really was a great actress.

Ingrid opened the silver colored scroll with golden streaks and made a cut on her finger before pressing the cut finger on the side of the sheet, "Sis Yijun, you also do the same as me but put your blood on the back."

Wu Yijun looked at Bai Zemin, and seeing him nod to signal that it was okay she finally gently bit her index finger and did as Ingrid told her.

Not even a second later, a flash of white light in a circular shape covered the scroll and slowly spread out to cover both girls.

Bang!

Just then, a flash of deep blue light shot straight up into the sky and pierced the clouds from the center of the forest.

"What's wrong?" Naomi frowned as she stared at the several-hundred-meter-high pillar of blue light.

Felix looked at Bai Zemin silently, but seeing that the latter was quiet as he stared at the pillar of blue light and the sphere of green light, he said nothing.

Felix could sense that the Bai Zemin in front of him was different from the Bai Zemin that had chased the Corruption Demon Shun the day before. Furthermore, Felix somehow knew that not only would Wu Yijun soon gain a partner strong enough to fight him but even Shangguan Bing Xue whose power was already terrifying would soon become stronger.

If Bai Zemin joined hands with both females and used his control over Hero City's weapons...

Felix sighed in his heart, knowing that this alliance would soon be broken.

Although Bai Zemin said that until all of Hero City's matters were finished the alliance would stay strong, who could guarantee that he wouldn't take this golden opportunity to kill him? At the end of the day, Felix and Bai Zemin were neither friends nor were they helping each other out of kindness.

Felix and Bai Zemin were allies only because they needed each other to fight against the Higher Existences alliance, but if one of them had enough power to handle the enemy alliance now weaker after the defeat of the Holy Church... At least Felix didn't know if he would be willing to let go of such a danger as Bai Zemin, and thus didn't blame him if he attacked him right away.

For now, all Felix could do was raise his guard and wait.

At the same time, Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun were experiencing a kind of rebirth; and this was particularly the case for the first one.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3