Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The wind inside the forest north of Hero City was stronger but not exaggerated to the point of forcing a soul evolver to close their eyes. 

The air in the area was also purer, so much so that just by breathing one would feel their worries ease and the weight on their soul loosen. Furthermore, the beauty of nature within the elven forest was beautiful enough that one would not get bored no matter how long one stared at it.

Seconds turned into minutes, and slowly but surely, minutes piled up to become hours.

Naomi and Mateo, this pair of siblings, sat under the shade of a thick tree not far from where the emerald green sphere of light glowed. 

"It looks like an egg." Naomi whispered quietly as she looked calmly at the pulsating sphere of light, "It's like some kind of monster is going to come out at any moment."

"Maybe you have that feeling because it will." Matthew murmured softly, his eyes also fixed on the green sphere of light where both Wu Yijun and Ingrid, the female plant, were: "The aura that occasionally comes out of that ball of energy is unbelievably pure but somehow it manages to scare me when it blows outward."

Not far from the two Sanchez siblings, Eleanora whose wounds had been mostly healed by Naomi rested her back against the back of another large tree with her eyes closed and breathing smoothly. She had fallen asleep, completely exhausted after all the difficult battles she had experienced in the two days since arriving in Hero City.

Less than a meter from her, Angelo whose face still looked pale remained unconscious. 

Xian Mei'er glanced at Eleanora before looking back towards the two people who were still standing, "Let's hope everything goes well..."

About ten meters away from the emerald-colored sphere that occasionally pulsed like a heart, Bai Zemin's eyes moved back and forth without missing the condition of the energy sphere but also not missing the condition of the large pillar of blue light in the distance.

"Father, will big sister Yijun and Second Mother be alright?" 

Bai Zemin looked at the little silver-haired, black-eyed beauty who was still holding his hand even after more than three hours.

Bai Shilin was noticeably worried. Not only were her eyes occasionally trembling but there was an occasional bead of sweat forming on her forehead and sliding down to her neck, disappearing past her collarbone into the inside of her white battle dress.

"It's okay." Bai Zemin smiled comfortingly, "The two of them are getting stronger than before, much stronger. That's why the process takes some time."

Bai Shilin raised her head and used her big night black eyes to look at him before nodding slowly, "If father says so then so it has to be."

Bai Zemin was about to smile when suddenly his expression changed. 

Not far from him, the emerald-colored sphere suddenly began to lose its glow and did not pulsate anymore. Furthermore, although it was very subtle and almost impossible to notice, a small crack the size of a grain of rice slowly began to spread from the top to the sides.

"They're coming out!" Bai Shilin squeezed Bai Zemin's hand as she stared at the "egg" peeling off.

"They're not dinosaurs, little princess." Eleanora's giggle reached Bai Zemin's and Bai Shilin's ears.

"You finally woke up, sleeping beauty." Xian Mei'er had also stood up, right behind Bai Zemin and Bai Shilin.

"Although my level is not as high as yours I'm still beyond 150 you know?" Eleanora rolled her eyes. She had also felt the changes in the surrounding aura so her eyes soon opened her eyes and jumped to her feet just in time to see the crack widen and branch out all over the sphere of light.

Naomi and Matthew said nothing as they still didn't have that much trust with the group even though they knew they were all on the same side. It was impossible for them not to have resentment due to the death of the person who had raised and cared for them, so that nailed splinter in their hearts would not be removed so easily no matter how good a Leader Bai Zemin might be.

Sitting on top of one of the trees in the area, Felix said nothing as he calmly looked at the now completely cracked and dull emerald colored sphere.

Then, what everyone was waiting for finally happened.

Bang!

The sphere exploded and broke into thousands of tiny green fragments.

The green fragments quickly melted into the ground, being absorbed into the earth and nourishing all wildlife within the forest at the same time. Despite the wonderful sight of the trees and grass covered by a thin layer of green light, everyone's eyes were fixed on Wu Yijun.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bai Zemin approached her slowly, and after a few seconds asked the question that everyone was probably asking, "Yijun, everything okay?"

Wu Yijun whose eyes had been closed slowly opened at the sound of Bai Zemin's voice. She looked in his direction, and upon seeing him her eyes immediately lit up.

A big smile grew on her face as she nodded, "It's all right, don't worry."

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes at first, trying to figure out if the Wu Yijun in front of him was really the Wu Yijun he knew. However, seeing the unmistakable blaze of love as she looked at him he knew that there was really no need to worry about her being replaced or anything like that.

Finally, he cautiously pointed out, "Yijun, your eyes..."

"Ah?" Wu Yijun blinked in confusion, and when she saw Bai Zemin stretching out a mirror towards her she took it without a second thought.

"Ah!" Her confusion soon turned to surprise as she stared into her blood red eyes, "W-What's this all about????"

"If you don't know don't ask us," Eleanora grumbled under her breath.

As Bai Zemin stared intently at Wu Yijun's red eyes and black hair, Lilith's image flashed in his head for an instant when she suddenly shouted loudly.

"I-Ingrid! Ingrid, what's this all about???"

"Aw, sis you really are noisy." A sleepy voice came from somewhere in Wu Yijun's body.

Suddenly, her silhouette was surrounded by a thin layer of red light and, in an instant, her eyes returned to their original black color.

Wu Yijun sighed in relief before looking at the white-skinned red-haired beauty who was looking at her with a bitter expression on her face.

"Ah... Your skin..."

"Huh?" Ingrid didn't understand what was going on at first, but when she looked at the white skin on her hand her red eyes widened, "W-What's this all about????"

The corner of Naomi's mouth twitched several times as she muttered something under her breath to herself.

"Ah! My race changed!" Ingrid exclaimed loudly as her eyes moved, evidently sliding down her records, "Underworld Tree? What's wrong with that ugly name!"

"Race...?" Wu Yijun's now black eyes suddenly opened wide. She too began to slide down her records, and suddenly her face turned slightly pale as she raised her head and looked at Bai Zemin in shock.

"What's wrong?"" Bai Zemin asked in a serious voice.

He was already regretting for letting Wu Yijun make that damn contract... But, there was nothing wrong with the records of that legend grade scroll!

"M-My race didn't change but now I have a subclass and a new skill..." Wu Yijun stared at Bai Zemin, or perhaps it would be more correct to think that she was staring at the window of records in front of her as she softly said, "Queen of Life and Death... That's what it says here. A-And besides, somehow I'm level 201 now."

Then, before Bai Zemin could say or think of anything, a cry of surprise resounded noisily beside them.

"What's this all about????" Ingrid ran to Wu Yijun and shook her several times as she looked at her with tears in her eyes, "Sis Yijun, t-the contract went wrong!"

"Ah?" Wu Yijun looked at her puzzled.

Wasn't it good? Not only had she gained a new subclass and a powerful skill, but she had even gone up over 30 levels, even breaking into the Fourth Order thanks to the total evolution of her overall records.

However, Ingrid and the tears in her eyes disagreed.

"N-No! Y-You have somehow now become my master! C-Check again! Argh, we better break this contract and do it again! It doesn't count, no way!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3