"W- What's going on?"

"I- What's this all about?!"

"No! The Rank 3 Flame King's Sword... I was about to grab it when I suddenly appeared here!"

"Didn't we have 48 hours? It's only been 43 hours at most!"

...

The number of soul evolvers that had followed Sonnata to enter Hero City totaled over 100, and each and every one of them had entered the city without exception.

However, the Fifth Order angel was stunned as he looked at the little over 50 survivors who began to curse after waking up from their stupor.

"What in heaven...?" Sonnata muttered in shock.

Weren't they in Hero City? How were they suddenly kicked out? 

"Don't tell me...!" Sonnata's pupils suddenly contracted to the size of a needle as his eyes frantically swept across the face of each of the Lower Existences that had just been expelled from Hero City.

"It's not... This one isn't either... That little punk isn't...!" 

No matter how hard Sonnata tried, the formerly arrogant and confident Fifth Order angel was unable to find the Lower Existences he was looking for.

Suddenly, Sonnata gritted his teeth and looked at Lilith and Fire Sorrow who were watching the scene from a distance with curiosity.

"Demonic Army Commanders, you are helping the Lower Existences called Bai Zemin from the shadows aren't you!" Sonnata couldn't keep calm even if he wanted to!

If the other Leaders found out that something so irregular was happening and something were to happen to Hero City, one of the most wanted treasures for every faction, his head wouldn't be attached to the rest of his body for long!

Lilith glanced at Sonnata coolly. She pretended to search through the non-existent pockets of her black dress before looking back at him with the same initial coldness, "I don't seem to have any pockets to hide him in."

Fire Sorrow frowned and said in a serious voice, "You're just a minor Fifth Order angel but you dare to point fingers at two Commanders? Do you really think your Army of Heaven is invincible under the stars?"

"You..." Sonnata gritted his teeth as he realized he was up against the wall and the tip of the sword. 

Seeing the mocking look in the Bloody Succubus' eyes, Sonnata immediately understood that the assassination attempt carried out by the Dragon God Realm failed miserably. Furthermore, Sonnata feared that at this point he would end up being more unfortunate than affotuned for every second that passed without encountering Bai Zemin and the rest of his team.

"Wait a minute...!" Sonnata suddenly turned around and his body became a blur.

In an instant, his figure appeared in front of Felix exerting the pressure of a giant iron tower.

"Human Variant, where is the rest of your team? Why all the Lower Existences that went into Hero City were expelled but the rest of your team still hasn't appeared?" 

Even though Felix was a level 400 soul evolver on the verge of breaking into the Fifth Order, the difference between him and Sonnata was simply as great as the difference between a low-end vehicle and a high-end one.

Felix's face turned slightly pale under such pressure, but his expression did not change at all when he looked at Sonnata with a slightly defiant expression: "Maybe they were killed by others? Not only are Bai Zemin and the others are missing here but quite a few soul evolvers are absent."

"That's..." Sonnata suddenly frowned as he realized that what Felix pointed out was true.

Could it be that that little brat was killed by others? While Bai Zemin was among the strongest who entered Hero City in search of treasures, Sonnata knew that besides the First Prince who had a treasure that gave him slight control over the city's ancient weapons, there were also three other soul evolvers capable of killing him.

One of them was Israfel, the highest authority of the Holy Church and the most important pawn of the Army of Heaven to slowly take control of Earth.

Another one was Shun, a pure-blooded demon who even possessed a flame capable of comparing to Archangel Michael's flame in terms of value and importance.

Finally, that mutant plant female, who was hiding her powers all the time.

Despite all this, Sonnata couldn't help but feel that something was definitely not right.

It was then that Felix opened his mouth again.

"But, if you so badly want to know what happened to Bai Zemin and the rest..." Felix pointed just behind Sonnata as he said in an indifferent voice, "Why don't you wait a little bit more? Something is telling me you'll get your answer soon."

"What?" Sonnata frowned tightly and glared at him.

"My business around here is over so I'll be leaving now." Felix turned to leave without caring about anyone's opinion or thoughts; even those of the Fifth Order angel in front of him.

"Wait!" One of the most frustrated soul evolvers among those who were expelled suddenly blocked Felix's path. He had a rather fierce expression on his face as he snarled through his teeth: "From what I heard you had something to do with the person who ran us out of town, is that so?"

"For starters, I don't know where did you hear that Bai Zemin was the one who kicked us out of the city but whatever. We were in an alliance. What's up with that?" Felix replied calmly.

"What's up with that? You ask what's up with that?!" The blond soul evolver native of South America roared, "Right before my eyes I had a Rank 3 sword comparable to some Rank 4 weapons but I lost it now!"

A good part of the sea bubbled at the man's anger.

However, Felix's expression didn't change at all. He didn't even blink when he replied, "And?"

"A-And...?" The evolving blonde-haired soul muttered as he stared at Felix as if he couldn't believe the other party's indifference despite what he had just said.

Then, the handsome man's handsome face practically distorted in rage as he unsheathed the sword tied to his waist, "Bastard, I'll cut you into a thousand pieces! Dragon Blade!"

The sea twisted fiercely as the man slashed diagonally as his sword flashed. 

Roar!!!

A dragon nearly 300 meters long that seemed to be made of water roared towards Felix.

Felix simply waved his hand as he muttered something to himself, and what happened next made the blond man finally wake up and realize what he had just done.

RUMBLE!!!

The huge water dragon seemed to run into a huge wall as its movements came to an abrupt halt. The beast roared trying to push forward, but suddenly its body exploded leaving a huge vacuum of more than 300 meters in the surrounding area.

In the midst of the turbulent waters, the South American man met the calm gaze of his opponent, "W-Wait, I apologize for-"

The man's words were cut off as a bright flash of white light illuminated part of the sea.

When the white light disappeared, some soul evolvers could not help but suck in several puffs of cold air, and if not for the treasures the East Sea Kingdom had lent them they would have died of suffocation after inhaling so much seawater.

"Sometimes I wonder if I should say thank you to ignorant people like that person." Felix calmly looked at the large bloodstain slowly diluting with the sea as he slowly said, "It's thanks to soul evolvers who don't know the difference between heaven and earth that I can still grind out records after all."

At the end of the day, Felix wasn't killing just for the sake of gaining some records.

Saint of the Absolute Felix looked at the rest of the soul evolvers before turning into a flash of white light: "I'm leaving, but if anyone wants to come with me to play go ahead."

It was hard to tell if Felix was mocking them as his body simply disappeared. All that remained was a thin line of slowly fading white light that partially marked his trajectory.

"That little bastard... How dare he...!" Sonnata was about to spit fire from how angry he was, "If it wasn't for the Soul Record guarding you I would have torn you into a million pieces by now!"

The East Sea King was frightened at the angel's outburst, but the worries in his heart at the moment were even higher than that.

Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"This... Lord Sonnata, what should we do now?" he asked tentatively.

If that surface person named Bai Zemin was still alive then there was a strong possibility that Princess Xian Mei'er was also alive. In theory, the King of the East Sea should feel happy for it, except that he had chosen a side opposite to the one his daughter chose.

If Xian Mei'er was alive, the East Sea King feared that the First Prince would probably be out of luck... and that meant he would soon be in danger as well.

"What should we do, you ask me?" Sonnata snorted as he turned to stare icily into the empty space where Hero City was hidden, "Wait. There's nothing else we can do but wait."

In the distance, standing on a sea reef, Fire Sorrow sighed before asking Lilith a question in a low voice.

"He's okay right?"

"If he wasn't do you think I would be standing around this peacefully?" Lilith replied softly.

"Thank god." Fire Sorrow's worries finally eased after hearing Lilith's confirmation, "What happened to the Void Dragon? Did you kill her?"

To Fire Sorrow's surprise, Lilith shook her head, "I wish I could have torn her into a hundred pieces... But the defense of the dragon race is really something else. Besides, the Dragon God Realm certainly invested a lot in her since that woman even had a Legend-grade treasure meant to protect her. I was only able to heavily wound her before she slipped away from me."

"I see..." Fire Sorrow nodded slowly, "Indeed, the dragon race has the toughest body of all. Besides, if she had a Legend-grade defensive treasure it's to be expected that you can't kill her easily. Still, it seems like she couldn't target Bai Zemin after being badly wounded by you."

"You're wrong. She did break into Hero City ignoring the rules and attacked Zemin." Lilith said coldly.

"What?" Fire Sorrow gazed at her in shock, "You said he was fine!"

The fact that Lilith was here meant that she hadn't entered Hero City, and Fire Sorrow definitely didn't believe that Bai Zemin could survive five minutes under the assault of a Sixth Order dragon. In fact, it would be a miracle if he didn't die instantly!

"Zemin is fine." Lilith shook her head. She looked in Hero City's direction with an extremely complicated expression as she said softly, "It's just that I'm afraid even I don't know him as well as I would like to anymore."

Before, Lilith knew every single one of Bai Zemin's trump cards in depth.

Skills, treasures, weapons... She knew every one of his records, from the lightest to the heaviest.

But now? What was happening now?

Lilith didn't know how much Bai Zemin's skills had grown, she didn't know what things he had gained after arriving in the other dimension, and above all, she knew that he was hiding something really big from her.

Facing Fire Sorrow's astonished stare, Lilith shook her head.

Lilith naturally trusted Bai Zemin and did not even consider the idea of him planning something to hurt or harm her. 

She also didn't mind him having his secrets since she herself had things that she hid from him... It was just that due to her past and lived experiences, Lilith deeply hated it when she couldn't control something.

And, unfortunately or not, regardless of the huge gap in levels and overall power; Lilith could no longer "control" Bai Zemin, who was the biggest unknown and irregularity in existence.

"Let's wait and see... I think we'll get some answers soon."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3