When Fire Sorrow and Lilith stepped through the huge blue portal, they both felt the space around them twisting fiercely, and even before they realized it their graceful figures had already changed their location.

However, even before they could appreciate the beautiful throne room in which there were all sorts of golden statues depicting mighty warriors or the smoothness of the emerald floor, both the Bloody Succubus and the Calamity Mage became tense as they felt the aura of at least twenty Higher Existences enclosing them.

"What the hell...!" Fire Sorrow's pupils shrunk and her heart sank at the thought that they had fallen into a trap.

Lilith's heart also sank for an instant, but when she saw Bai Zemin sitting on the stone throne on the seventh step with the beautiful little Bai Shilin on his lap she quickly calmed down.

"It's all right, there's no need to worry."

Bai Zemin's voice immediately drew Fire Sorrow's eyes in his direction.

"Bai Zemin? What's this all about?" She stared at him in astonishment before looking at the twenty soul evolvers lined up on either side of the long carpet that ran from the entrance of the room to the first step.

Lilith was also genuinely surprised and confused at this point.

Although Lilith's knowledge of Hero City might not be huge since everything to do with Sky City was a big mystery to anyone, she at least knew one or two basic things.

The fact that for some reason the Soul Record did not allow any soul evolvers above level 400 to enter Hero Cty was something that all the factions and their members knew, even if that information was only passed down through old books.

However, if that was true then who could explain the sight in front of her? 

Lilith could tell that among the twenty soul evolvers in front of her, two of them had levels above her; particularly the tall and powerful man holding a giant spear in his right hand.

Bai Zemin waved his hand to ask Fire Sorrow to calm down first, "They are with me, Fire Sorrow."

"Hah?" Fire Sorrow looked at him as if she was looking at an unknown creature.

All the evolvers in front of her were in the Sixth Order and there was one who had already broken into the Seventh Order!

Fire Sorrow was pretty sure she knew every single Seventh Order soul evolver in existence. No, each and every Higher Existence in the universe definitely knew the few existences that managed to break beyond the Sixth Order.

However, Fire Sorrow definitely did not know the man in front of her at all!

But, Bai Zemin's explanation changed everything.

"Let me start from the beginning." Bai Zemin sighed, as even for him it was hard to explain something he didn't personally understand.

Many minutes later, the throne room was in absolute silence.

Both Lilith and Fire Sorrow looked at Bai Zemin in shock after hearing his explanation regarding how he had mysteriously gained control over Hero City and even Sky City; even though the latter's whereabouts were unknown even to Bai Zemin himself.

"Successor of the Sky Emperor...?" Fire Sorrow looked at Bai Zemin with a hint of hopelessness in her eyes, "You... I thought you were the reincarnation of the Heavenly Wolf..."

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly in response, "I'm sorry... I can't imagine how you must be feeling, but right now I'm more confused and lost than anyone else here."

"I... I'm sorry." Fire Sorrow tried to force a smile as she realized that indeed, she was being too selfish.

To begin with, while the odds were high, it was never 100% guaranteed that Bai Zemin was the reincarnation of Sirius. To say that Fire Sorrow had pinned all her hopes on the body of a young man who was barely over 20 years old was not an exaggeration, even though she knew how huge of a burden such a thing would be for him. 

Bai Zemin not only had to deal with the pressure of his faction and his world, but now he was also dealing with the weight that more than half of the factions that ruled the universe placed on his back when they arrived on Earth. 

Having to deal with the hope of the crush of one of the most powerful women in the cosmos was not particularly easy... But although Fire Sorrow knew it, it was not easy for her either to suppress the suffering and love she had buried with great difficulty for millions of years now that hope had been awakened.

Lilith on the other hand didn't care if Bai Zemin was the reincarnation of the Heavenly Wolf or the Sky Emperor. Past lives, if there were any, were past lives; she loved the current one, unlike Fire Sorrow who obviously loved one of the possibilities.

"Zemin, then they are your subordinates now?" She looked at the twenty soul evolvers armed to the teeth and couldn't stop her eyes from shining with a strange light as she slowly said, "But this is really mysterious? How is it possible that they can keep their levels even though they don't belong to any faction of Higher Existences? They aren't even being punished by the law of time now that they are finally vulnerable."

"I'm afraid that even though I own Hero City now I don't own the answers to all those questions." Bai Zemin shook his head.

Lilith nodded and was smart enough not to ask any more questions.

She didn't ask where Sylvia was nor did she ask any more questions about Lu Cai and the others' scope of power. Nor did she inquire about Hero City.

'Now that Fire Sorrow knows that Bai Zemin is not necessarily who she expected it's hard to say what her next moves will be.' Lilith glanced at the strongest mage in the universe out of the corner of her eye as she thought in her heart.

* * *

One day later.

Although only one day in total had passed outside, Bai Zemin had spent a total of twelve days in the Collector's Pocket World.

While the Collector's Pocket Watch had not become any stronger nor did it give Bai Zemin any more power after he put in one of the lost handles, the Collector's Pocket World had become much more realistic to an ordinary planet capable of hosting all kinds of life.

Rivers, oceans, different continents, 12-hour time spans for day and 12-hour time spans for the night, and much lighter climates compared to the strong winds or high temperatures of the past. Another thing that Bai Zemin noticed was that there were beginning to be bacteria and single-celled organisms in some waters such as lakes and oceans.

During the past twelve days in the Collector's Pocket World, Bai Zemin spent 90% of his time trying to break the seal that blocked his memories of living in that 10.000 year illusion. 

This time, however, it was much easier for him to enlarge that small crack because he now knew and could use spiritual power to strengthen his soul slightly.

Another not so great mystery was that, although Bai Zemin's Spiritual Power was consumed when he used it for something, he did not need much time to recover even though there was no spiritual power in the surroundings. 

After an unknown amount of time, he opened his eyes now a little deeper than before thanks to the few memories he managed to recover after enlarging the rift to almost 1/4 of its previous size.

[Spiritual power: 24.]

"It's really strange..." Bai Zemin did not understand how it was possible that 1 Mana Point was being replaced by 1 Spiritual Point.

According to his Rending of the Night skill, 1 Spiritual Point was equivalent to 10.000 Mana Points.... but he was exchanging 1 for 1 as if they were the same.

"Forget it. Let's not think about it now." Bai Zemin stood up and stopped overthinking the matter too much.

"Looks like you managed to recover a good portion of memories this time." 

Lilith's voice sounded from above, and raising his head, Bai Zemin saw her sitting on the lowest branch of the giant tree he always sat under to rest or break the seal.

She looked at him with an extremely affectionate smile as she said in a tender voice: "I also see more seriousness in your eyes... Somehow I feel like I'm going to miss my baby from before."Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Don't say that." Bai Zemin rolled his eyes as he pointed out, "Besides, what do you mean by baby? It was you who called me daddy two nights ago wasn't it?"

"I don't know what you're talking about." Lilith was still smiling as she looked at him with amusement.

Yep. The other 10% of the time was spent on Lilith or Kali.

Bai Zemin and Lilith naturally did couple things, pampering each other after not seeing or feeling each other for several days. This was particularly true for Bai Zemin who had been 1 month in another dimension where the difference at which time ran was vastly different.

On the other hand, Kali was helping him how to make Longinus and Annihilation of the Falling Sky become one. However, the depth of a King grade Soul Armament was not something that could be casually unearthed in a month or two. Fortunately, Bai Zemin was in no hurry as the power of Rank 6 Longinius was more than enough for him at the moment.

"I gained a few glimpses of combat experience." Bai Zemin stretched, and after a pause he remarked, "I think I'm slowly getting closer."

"To what thing?" Lilith looked at him in confusion as her dainty feet moved back and forth.

Bai Zemin walked inside the mansion to say goodbye to Kali and Sylvia temporarily, as well as to tell them that he would pick them up soon.

"I mean the Super Warrior skill."

Lilith's foot movements stopped and her eyes widened as his voice floated behind.

"I think I know now where it will evolve to."

Lilith remained seated on the branch of the giant tree for a long time before her soft voice drifted off into the warm gusts of wind.

"Super Warrior... a skill whose evolution requirements are unknown to all. This little monster is becoming more and more mysterious."

The Super Warrior skill was one of the most desired by any Higher Existence; even by mages, as combat experience was something they all wanted.

However, at least within Lilith's knowledge, no one had managed to reach the next stage of that skill.

* * * * * * *

A/N: 3 chapters before next reset

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3