Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

East Sea Kingdom.

The East Sea Kingdom was one of the many kingdoms into which the ancient and once extremely powerful Atlantis Empire had fragmented after the fall of the Forgotten Emperor. 

Although it was only a part of something once glorious, like a mere fragment of a shattered mirror after hitting an impregnable wall, the East Sea Kingdom was considered a powerhouse even among the other kingdoms or fragments of the former Atlantis Empire.

Why? The answer was very simple indeed.

In reality, the East Sea Kingdom did not particularly have many Third Order soldiers and only had approximately 50.000 Second Order powerhouses at best. Furthermore, this kingdom was one of the ones that suffered the most in terms of population since they had a policy of attacking everyone even among themselves; a true jungle where sea creatures would not be safe even in their homes.

However, the East Sea Kingdom had recently gained a Fourth Order power.

The old East Sea King, the leader of the Xian family, had managed to break the chains that kept him bound to the Third Order and finally entered a completely new stage.

With the protection and leadership of a powerhouse at the peak of power that a mortal could reach, any of the more aggressive nearby kingdoms immediately stopped behaving atrociously and tried their best to get along with them even if they knew that in the waters of the East Sea was a treasure that they all coveted greedily.

On this particular day, the East Sea Kingdom was very lively compared to other days.

The fish men patrolled every corner of the capital with their steel spears, the walls were filled to the brim with electric jellyfish capable of launching powerful and deadly ranged attacks, and every sea creature that wanted to take a step into the city would immediately be carefully checked by the guards before being allowed to pass through.

Outside the capital of the East Sea Kingdom, a huge line of sea creatures stretched for more than 5 kilometers long; there were fish creatures of all kinds of species, sharks, small whales, crabs, and much more. 

Suddenly, the line opened as a chariot similar to the one used in ancient times by mankind approached the gate being pulled by two dragon-like sea beasts.

"Look, that's the symbol of the Coral Kingdom's royal family!"

"Th-That means that even the Coral Kingdom sent someone from the realization?"

"That's natural! His Majesty The King is already a Fourth Order warrior but he still decided to hand over his crown today. This can only mean that one of the younger princes or princesses probably made it into the Fourth Order!"

"That's right! Although the Coral Kingdom is very strong they must still want to be on good terms with the East Sea."

As the chariot moved forward, the sea beasts with intelligence discussed among themselves at the same time as they would have to step so as not to hinder the chariot or the five tritons guarding it closely.

A soldier of the shark race approached and blocked the path with his spear but with a respectful expression on his face.

Once the chariot stopped, the door opened and a beautiful silver-haired mermaid descended gracefully. Her unparalleled beauty immediately blinded everyone present, even the soldiers in charge of guarding the gate.

"I am the First Princess of the Coral Kingdom, Shui Meiying." The beautiful mermaid smiled gracefully as her five-colored tail swayed gently behind her, "I have come to congratulate the new King or Queen and to wish the goodwill of our Coral Kingdom."

One of the triton men approached with a closed box and opened it slightly before closing again.

The shark soldier's eyes widened in shock as although it was only for a second he definitely saw what was in there.

"Y-Your Majesty Shui, please go ahead." 

Shui Meiying smiled again and soon disappeared inside her chariot.

"I wonder what's inside that box..."

"Who knows... But considering they're from the Coral Kingdom it's probably expensive."

Murmuring resumed as the chariot entered the city and the line moved again.

...

Several hours later.

The central square of the capital of the East Sea Kingdom was practically overflowing from being so crowded.

Although the workers had made sure to place more than a hundred thousand seats it was still not enough so those with lower status had no choice but to stand at the back.

Still, no one complained or raised any problems.

At the end of the day, this was the strongest city in the East Sea Kingdom and it was not only about the old King but there were also rumors that the First Prince finally broke into the Fourth Order and would become the new King today.

Everyone was looking at the big stage with a hundred steps, waiting for the moment of the coronation.

On both sides of the stage, a few steps down from the main stage, the princes and princesses were seated on small silver thrones. They all wore silver crowns with blue jewels on their foreheads as proof of their status, but except for the little Ninth Princess who was too young to compete for the throne, each and every one of the princes and princesses had unpleasant expressions on their faces.

Although no one said anything, everyone knew the reason behind their long expressions.

Today, a new King would be crowned.

The fact that the other princes and princesses were there meant that they were not the chosen ones. 

"As expected, the First Prince is not present."

"That's right. The crown prince got the throne after all."

"Em? I can't seem to find the Seventh Princess among the princesses present."

"Hey, do you think the Peace Princess could be the one?"DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Haha... Although the Seventh Princess rose considerably in the past year, I heard rumors that lately she wasn't on good terms with anyone in her family. Even His Majesty Xian wasn't looking favorably upon her in the past few months!"

It was while everyone was quietly discussing that a flash of warm blue light shot up from the highest floor of the royal palace.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3