Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The flash of warm blue light broke the sky inside the magic dome in two, and within seconds descended upon the stage.

"Look, it's His Majesty Xian!"

"Then he really did enter the Fourth Order..."

"Although we are so far away the distance makes me feel uncomfortable every time I look directly into his eyes."

"This is the natural pressure that a soul evolver beyond level 200 can exert? Amazing!"

As the warm blue light began to fade, the figure of the East Sea King slowly revealed himself to everyone.

The old King looked impressive dressed in his royal robes of golden color with blue embroidery. In his right hand, the sword that was passed from hand to hand among the rulers of each era was in its scabbard, ready to accept its new master.

Although the King's expression was firm, some people with sharper eyes such as the First Princess of the Coral Kingdom noticed that the East Sea King's eyes were not particularly bright nor could one see the excitement one would expect to see on his face.

"Before we begin the coronation ceremony, I would like to deeply thank all the distinguished guests who traveled and came long distances to witness this very important moment for all of my East Sea." The old King began to speak in a dignified voice and even bowed slightly, "Regardless if you are part of the East Sea Kingdom and come from a distant city or if you are a citizen of a different kingdom, accept this bow as a token of thanks from me."

Traveling long distances was extremely dangerous in the apocalypse, and this applied not only to the surface but on the seaside things were often even riskier when one tried to move through not so explored territories.

It had to be said that the King of the Eastern Sea might be a bad father but he certainly wasn't a bad politician. The mighty Fourth Order merman immediately earned several smiles and nods from the audience, as lowering his head despite his status showed that he was able to sympathize with the rest of the people; even if it was all a polite facade.

The old King's speech continued for a couple of minutes before he clapped loudly, "Let's begin! It's time for the new generation to continue the legacy of us old ones!"

Amidst clapping and cheering, a fully sealed deep blue chariot approached. The chariot was not only covered with a series of runes and two small magic circles but there were also two large, light blue sea lions pulling it.

"Ice-Eyes Sea Lion? And two of them?"

"Isn't the Ice-Eyes Sea Lion the guardian beast of the East Sea Kingdom? How come there are suddenly two of them? They're being used to pull the chariot like sea horses!"

As the two large beasts at the top of the Third Order advanced with slow but powerful steps along the wide open road, the nearest intelligent sea creatures could not help but shrink back.

After advancing along the large square for almost a minute, the two Ice-Eyes Sea Lions stopped five meters from the first step to the top of the stage.

Everyone's eyes immediately focused on the firmly closed chariot door. Because of the runes and engraved magic circles, inspection skills were useless unless those skills had very high levels. Therefore, everyone wanted to get a quick look at the person inside.

Even if everyone was 99% sure in their hearts that this person was the First Prince, that remaining 1% pecked at everyone's hearts in the form of doubt just like a cat's claw mocking their feelings.

Crack...

The sound was extremely faint, but the previously noisy square had fallen into a level of silence so high that everyone within a couple of hundred meters heard it clearly.

When the side door of the chariot opened, everyone's eyes immediately focused on that extremely delicate long leg. The white skin of this leg was so smooth that one did not need to touch it to know as it seemed to glisten slightly against the artificial lights that illuminated the city.

"Eh?" Princess Shui Meijing's eyes widened slightly as she watched the person descending from the East Sea royal family's chariot.

Everyone watched expressionlessly, stunned, as the beautiful woman dressed in blue advanced with slow but confident steps towards the stage; step by step.

For what seemed like an entire eternity, everyone stopped breathing before several gasps of astonishment echoed throughout the square.

"W- What..."

"P- Princess...?"

"It's not the Crown Prince after all..."

Xian Mei'er was wearing a dress that came as low as mid-thigh in the front but in the back, the triangle-shaped fabric with the point down was so long that it almost dragged on the floor. The blue high heels seemed to be made of ice, for with every step she took the temperature dropped and the steps she stepped on froze slightly.

Unlike the other princes and princesses, she wore no crown on her head. However, the lack of jewelry only enhanced her natural beauty even more. 

She looked splendid, to say the least.

Her blue eyes were as peaceful and calm as a stagnant lake, with no ripples at all as she walked past the step where her siblings stood and stepped onto the stage unmoved by the different types of eyes practically fixed on her lovely back.

The face of the First Princess and the others were extremely unaesthetic when they saw the indifference of the one they had ignored and despised all this time. Although they were sitting on their silver thrones, that insignificant Seventh Princess was now above them and there was nothing they could do about it but watch, grit their teeth, and try to smile.

Only little Xian Bao Bao, this little blonde loli mermaid, smiled brightly until her eyes curved into a crescent shape as her big sister ascended the top step.

Xian Mei'er advanced until she stopped two or three meters away from where her father stood. She looked into his eyes for a second before kneeling on her two knees and lowering her head, "Mei'er offers her greetings to Royal Father. I hope that Royal Father will live a flourishing life of thousands of years."

The old King looked at his seventh daughter with a somewhat complicated expression as he nodded slowly.

He knew.

He knew that his seventh daughter whom he had paid no attention to and was even willing to sacrifice no longer needed to kneel in front of him nor did she need to pay respects of any kind. If not for the fact that this was part of the sacred coronation ceremony, the old King believed that the Seventh Princess would not even look at him.

However, could the old King of the East Sea blame his daughter? No, of course not.

Not after Xian Mei'er had practically been sacrificed despite all she had accomplished for the East Sea Kingdom and the Xian royal family in the past year and a half. 

Now the tide changed and the table was turned.  Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The King would no longer have the main seat in this game.

After feeling the comfort of his golden throne on which he had sat for so long but on which he would never sit again, the East Sea King stood up and while drawing his sword took a step forward with a serious expression.

Swoosh!

Xian Mei'er raised her head just as a flash of silver light cut in her direction and at the same time several gasps of astonishment could be heard from the crowd below.

Xian Mei'er's expression was calm, not cold but not warm either, just calm.

The flash of silver light filled with sharp energy capable of cutting through everything struck the blue jewel in the center of her forehead, splitting it into two pieces. Some sea creatures could not help but sigh in relief at the sight of the broken blue jewel falling onto the stage with two sharp tinkling sounds. 

For a second, many of those present thought that the life of the Seventh Princess was in danger as it seemed as if the King was attacking her.

* * * * * * *

A/N: 10 minutes and new chapter

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3