Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The East Sea King re-sheathed his sword at the same time as he used his free hand to unearth the purple-colored jewel from his forehead.

Once this was done, a trail of blue blood slid down the old King's face and the guards as well as the two Ice-Eyes Sea Lions immediately surrounded the stage and watched everyone cautiously.

This was the most important part of the ceremony and nothing could go wrong. The consequences of the slightest carelessness were unthinkable to anyone in the East Sea Kingdom.

"During the last few months, my seventh daughter not only supported our kingdom with large quantities of food brought by herself from the surface and thus greatly alleviating the need for our people to devour each other but she also proved to be a talented mage." 

The old King's voice sounded much weaker than before and less imposing even though his level had not suffered at all.

He knelt down and his eyes met his daughter's as he slowly put the jewel that was previously in his forehead in her forehead: "Although Mei'er has not yet reached the Fourth Order, her strength is not far below me. Besides, she proved capable of leading troops and people without letting her judgment be clouded by gains or losses."

Once the jewel was firmly embedded in Xian Mei'er's forehead, covering the hole left behind by the old blue jewel that had accompanied her from the moment she was born, her aura immediately changed.

Father and daughter slowly stood up at the same time.

Looking at the bright purple jewel and then at his daughter's blue eyes, the old King inquired aloud, "You, Xian Mei'er, Seventh Princess of the East Sea, do you swear to protect and never betray our East Sea Kingdom even if it means your life?"

Xian Mei'er looked into her father's eyes calmly as she nodded, "I, Xian Mei'er, swear to bring the East Sea Kingdom and our entire marine race in general to levels of prosperity never before seen."

The old King was stunned, and so was the crowd who heard loud and clear the arrogant oath of the Seventh Princess.

Levels of prosperity never seen before? Moreover, not only of the East Sea Kingdom but of the entire marine race in general?

Didn't this mean that Xian Mei'er was claiming to be able to surpass the ancient and legendary Forgotten Empire? From her VIP box in one of the tallest buildings near the square, some princes and princesses from other kingdoms could not help but chuckle under their breath. 

Although the beauty and power of the Seventh Princess were quite evident now that she showed up in public, it seemed that her head was not on properly.

Only one of the princesses among all those present frowned slightly as she continued to smile and drink tea.

The old King looked deeply into his daughter's eyes before announcing to the whole world.

"From this moment on I relinquish my position as King to let my later generation carry on the legacy of the Xian family. Long Live Your Majesty!"

The former King's voice boomed throughout the capital along with his knee striking the stone stage.

Under everyone's wide eyes, Xian Mei'er walked past her father and took the sheathed sword before walking towards the golden throne.

As she gazed at the golden throne and clutched her family's legendary sword, Xian Mei'er could feel the purple jewel on her forehead becoming warmer as memories and thoughts of the past flashed in her memory.

She was nothing.

She was nobody.

Her title as the Seventh Princess was really no big deal as the marine citizens of the East Sea thought.

From many angles, Xian Mei'er's status was even lower than a triton bodyguard.

Peace Princess or Stupid Princess, that's what they called her secretly and behind her back. 

However, everything changed when she met a group of two humans who fearlessly took on millions of zombies and hundreds of thousands of mutant beasts with a ferocity that Xian Mei'er had never seen before.

It all started as an alliance so that she could have the zombies' bodies to prevent her people from devouring each other, but now that simple alliance had become something much bigger.

Xian Mei'er turned and sat on the golden throne. She looked up to the highest level of the East Sea Palace and for an instant, her blue eyes met a pair of eyes as black as night.

"Fate is really interesting and mysterious." She murmured before looking forward with a dignified expression.

"Long Live Your Majesty!"

"Long Live Your Majesty!"

"Long Live Your Majesty!"

"Long Live Your Majesty!"

Regardless of her strength or previous status, all the sea creatures of the East Sea Kingdom cried out from the bottom of their hearts as they stood and knelt or bowed deeply before their new ruler.

Now that the one jewel that was passed only to the next ruler of the East Sea was in the forehead of the Seventh Princess, she was the Queen of the East Sea no matter whomever it pleased.

Unlike humans, the sea creatures followed a much more orderly governmental regimen where the voice of the highest could not be disobeyed.

Xian Mei'er closed her eyes and isolated her senses from all the noise outside.

Cheers, congratulations... She blocked it all out as she thought carefully about her next words.

Although she didn't like to act arrogant, Xian Mei'er understood that her role was no longer that of the Seventh Princess of the East Sea but that of Queen... and according to her agreement with that person, she had to advance even further.

A few seconds later, she stood up and this simple movement was enough to keep everyone silent.

The sound of her high heels could be heard as she walked to the edge of the stage, and as she looked at everyone she unsheathed her sword before raising her chin and ordering in an arrogant voice.

"All generals and commanders, listen to my command."

The sound of a needle could probably be heard as Xian Mei'er gave her command.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"Get the soldiers ready... Within a month we will begin the process of conquest to unify the entire marine race as one, the way it should be and should have been from the beginning!"

As the faces of most princes and princesses turned slightly pale, the commanders and generals of the East Sea army stared blankly at their new Queen for a few seconds.

However, the jewel in Xian Mei'er's forehead glowed slightly and soon everyone, from the highest commander to the lowest soldier, felt their heart begin to beat fiercely with the desire to unite their race.

At the top of the East Sea Royal Palace, Bai Zemin looked at the noisy crowd and frenetic soldiers with indifference before turning and walking away from the window.

"Let's go. We have to start moving on the mainland too."

And just like that, the process of conquering the world officially began.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3