Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Evidently, Israfel, the former Supreme Pontiff and last of the Holy Church, was considered to be the spokesman for the God of Heaven; the Biblical God of the Catholic religion.

Now that Bai Zemin had ended Israfel's life, Medes, who could not intervene directly, needed only to say that he was the one to blame for the loss of hope for so many.

Medes only needed to reveal that Bai Zemin had murdered the Supreme Pontiff and the entire Holy Church would immediately turn against him and the Transcendent faction.

"I must say that although what you did is something simple and basic it is still quite effective in preventing me from being able to join the forces of the Holy Church with my faction." Bai Zemin nodded and even gave a thumbs up towards Medes, "Once the Holy Church and its forces belong to me, there will be no force on Earth capable of stopping me. Not virtually, at least."

Medes continued to look at Bai Zemin calmly, "Why do you have to be so greedy? You have your family alive, you are strong, you have the power to protect your lands... Isn't that enough?"

Bai Zemin chuckled and replied, "For the same reason you continue to seek more power to this day, even millions of years after becoming one of the strongest soul evolvers in the cosmos."

Everyone wished for the immortality of time, but this was particularly true for those people like Bai Zemin who, since the beginning of the apocalypse, had not lost too much.

The God of Heaven was right, Bai Zemin had his family, friends, and even a beautiful lover... He was undoubtedly an extremely lucky man, to say the least.

However, although Bai Zemin believed that in all of Earth, there should be no one capable of killing him as long as he could see the opponent's attack, this did not mean that there were no extremely strong soul evolvers capable of killing his loved ones.

In order for his family not to have to fear as the years passed, for all of them to become stronger as he pushed them upwards...

"I had planned to stop on Earth and maybe some other Lower World, but you are the ones who have declared war on me and my faction." Bai Zemin's expression coated in a layer of frost as he looked at Sonnata and then at Medes, "Lord God, your angelic dog brought you information just as I wanted, but it's a pity that your pet's intelligence is not so up to date."

Sonnata's expression sank as he roared, "Bai Zemin! Do you dare to fight me? Let's go to outer space and attack me head-on and let's see who's the dog!"

At this point, Sonnata could attack Bai Zemin to teach him a lesson. Although the Soul Record would probably not allow him to kill Bai Zemin just for a verbal insult, seriously injuring him would surely be within acceptable limits.

However, fighting on Earth with Sonnata's strength was simply ridiculous. A single attack from him would immediately involve the lives of countless others and that would mean certain and painful death for him.

"Easy... You and I will have time to play." Bai Zemin ignored Sonnata after saying this. He looked back and nodded his head, "It's your turn."

"Fine."

Hearing that voice beyond Hero City's protective barrier, Medes frowned tightly as he looked intently at the figure that revealed itself after advancing a couple of steps.

"... Matthew?" Uriel looked at the First Holy Knight with wide eyes, "You're alive?"

Matthew Sanchez looked at the God of Heaven and did not take his eyes off him. Seeing the shocked expression on his face, as well as the amazement in Archangel Uriel's voice, he couldn't help but sigh.

"It seems you are even weaker than I thought." The now former First Holy Knight had an extremely complicated expression as he said, "I used to believe that you were all-powerful existences but... now I see that I lived in a bubble of falsehood all these years."

Forget about intervening to end the sadness of the survivors, the angels and the God of the Army of Heaven couldn't even sense the presence of a couple of humans on Earth; an old magic city was enough to block the senses of all of them!

"I don't know what you people want," Matthew pointed out with a serious voice and a determined expression, "But what I do know is that you must not want something good for our human race... I will not become the dog of a few liars!"

Without waiting for a reply from anyone, Matthew stepped forward and shouted, "This is First Knight Matthew Sanchez, Second Commander of the Holy Knights Legion! People of Italy, at this very moment, I will reveal to you the whole truth about the lies that both you and I have been living in all this time!"

"First Knight?"

"Look over there!"

"It really is the First Knight Matthew!"

"B-But, why is the First Knight with them? Lord God said that the enemies would arrive in a floating city..."

The survivors inside Vatican City as well as the soldiers and soul evolvers looked skyward as they heard Matthew Sanchez's powerful voice spreading out everywhere. 

Mateo's voice was surely not known to all, but his appearance was something else as he was one of the figures that needed to appear often among the survivors to give spiritual peace to the weaker ones.

Just below the white clouds, a huge screen of energy showed not only the First but also the Second; Matthew and Naomi, this pair of siblings who had managed to save the lives of countless others and took part in the war against the demons a couple of months ago!

Matthew took a deep breath and began to speak out loud: "His Majesty Israfel was killed, that is true. However, this only happened because someone was washing his head! Someone vile and cruel enough to pretend to be someone they are not!"

Matthew's voice became more and more emotional as he revealed all to the Vatican people.

As the expressions of the survivors below changed as they listened to Matthew's words, Bai Zemin watched calmly as the expression on Medes' face grew uglier and uglier.

Bai Zemin felt neither joy nor any other emotion as he watched from the sidelines as the God of Heaven's plans collapsed. As far as he was concerned, Medes and the angels were invaders who were being expelled from a world where they no longer belonged, that's all.

So what if Medes and some others were born on Earth? That was millions of years ago!

Did the previous owners of a house have the right to come in and do whatever they wanted just because they once lived there? They certainly didn't.

Everything had its phase, and the phase of Medes and all the other Higher Existences who were born on Earth had ended in this world.

[Strength -800]

[Agility -560]

[Health -694]

[Stamina -368]

[Magic -980]

[Mana -1203]

...

[Strength -356]

[Agility -435]

[Health -357]

[Stamina -210]

[Magic -400]

[Mana -504]

For several minutes, the Soul Record notifications continued to rain down on Medes and the green light in his eyes practically never stopped even for an instant.

Bai Zemin and the others, including Sonnata, were oblivious to what was happening to Medes. Only Uriel and Gabriel looked at him with concern.

After the notifications stopped coming once he had lost around 10 thousand stat points in each of the six main stats, Medes looked at Mateo with ice-cold eyes before looking at Bai Zemin with an indifference that wasn't there before.

"This was transmitted to all of humanity?"

"Only to the bases I know of." Bai Zemin met the God of Heaven's gaze as he calmly replied, "I'm afraid your lies can only go this far now."

Medes stared at Bai Zemin deeply for what seemed like an eternity before nodding. 

Suddenly, Medes smiled as he looked at him, "I will admit that I lost this time. But trust me, the one who will lose the most eventually is you."

"Is that so?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow, "From my point of view it doesn't seem to be the case though."

"They never told you that your worst quality might be the fact that you focus too much on the path in front of you and neglect your surroundings?" Medes continued to smile. His body soon became a flash of light, and just before he disappeared, his voice echoed, "Unlike Lower Existences, we Higher Existences have time... It will be interesting to see how you yourself bring destruction and death upon your head and the heads of those you love."

Gabriel looked at Bai Zemin as if nothing had happened, and just before he disappeared, he nodded, "We will see again soon."

Uriel sighed softly. She simply left without a word, unlike the other two.

"I thought only second-rate villains in light novels said a few cheesy lines before running away after being beaten up by the main character..." Bai Zemin scratched his head as he looked at the empty space in front of him.

"Again with your light novels..." Wu Yijun smiled wryly before jumping up and down in joy, "But isn't it great? Now there's one less faction to worry about!"DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

"Mhm." Bai Zemin nodded, however, he frowned in his heart.

Medes' words made him uncomfortable, for some reason...

'Forget it.' Bai Zemin shook his head before smiling, "With this, the Army of Heaven is out."

* * * * * * *

A/N: Again, I apologize for the lack of chapters in the last 2 days practically... it's a complicated time for me. I will do my best to give you at least 1 daily though, and later I will try to write a new chapter today.