Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Sh-Shit!" The driver of the pickup truck leading the convoy's path panicked and pushed on the brakes with a thump.

The wheels of the pickup truck stopped immediately but the vehicle continued to move forward due to the remaining momentum. The rear end swayed as the sound of the braking thundered through the clearing.

The vehicles behind also heard the gunshot and upon seeing the lead vehicle come to an abrupt stop, the drivers also pushed hard on the brakes.

The sound of braking echoed everywhere and some vehicles that did not have a great distance with the vehicle in front crashed noisily into each other. The street that had been silent several days ago when humans were hiding from the zombies had suddenly become noisy and chaotic like a movie scene.

"Dead! Boss Lei Su died!" The militant in the first pickup truck got out in panic and started screaming in alarm as he crouched behind the vehicle, looking around in fear.

The militants were frightened when they heard the gunshot, but upon hearing the news of the death of the main leader in this team they all began to panic.

"A sniper!"

"Take cover quickly!"

"Damn it! Even boss Lei Su was killed how are we supposed to survive!"

Clutching their guns, the militants began yelling as they were shooting at the buildings in front of them. Although none of them knew where the "sniper" was, they had heard roughly where the shot came from.

With more than twenty men firing, the bullets seemed like a golden storm of metal hitting and destroying everything in their path. The windows of some houses or buildings were shattered into pieces, walls were filled with small holes, some vehicles were turned into sieves, etc.

Type 89 submachine gun, Type 81 rifle, Type 54 pistol, etc. All kinds of guns were fired uncontrollably, wasting ammunition recklessly to shake off the fear of the unknown.

From the top of a building just over a hundred meters away, Chen He and Luo Cheng sought cover while looking at the development with surprise.

"What happened?!" Chen He asked aloud. His face was pale as a sheet due to his first kill but the adrenaline coursing through his veins kept him alert.

He did not expect that just one shot would be enough to make the enemy group, which consisted of more than twenty men armed with all kinds of firearms and enough ammunition to wipe out the entire group of survivors in the hotel, collapse so easily.

Chen He had only two Type 54 pistols with fifteen rounds of ammunition in total, one of which had already been used to kill Lei Su before. He was preparing to fight to the death but apparently, it was not necessary.

"Although they all have guns, they are not soldiers with military training." Luo Cheng pointed out with a bitter smile. Because of the gunfire, he also had to raise his voice: "Each of them in the past was a farmer, businessman, journalist, and who knows what else. But when the apocalypse broke out, only by having a gun could they feel safe."

The four bosses had recruited more than fifty men and armed them after raiding the police station near the village. These militants could fight zombies because they were slow and with guns, they didn't need to get close to them at the risk of being infected.

However, when facing other humans it was different. Especially when the enemy was able to kill one of the bosses so easily.

With his Sniper skill, Chen He's marksmanship was terrifying to the point where he was confident to hit a zombie in the head even from two hundred meters away with a pistol. However, due to the lack of a suitable weapon, he had not been able to show his strength properly in the first two weeks of the apocalypse. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

However, as his weaponry improved, he would naturally become more powerful.

"Enemy!"

"Fire!"

...

Suddenly the militants roared and began to shoot all in the same direction. When Chen He looked towards the spot he realized in fright that Shangguan Bing Xue was running in irregular patterns dodging bullets while taking cover from different obstacles along the way.

"Die at once you fucking monster!" A militant had bloodshot eyes as he fired in uninterrupted bursts. The fear of the unknown and seeing the enemy's ghostly speed was driving him insane.

Swoosh!

Shangguan Bing Xue shot out from her hiding place and waved her hand. An ice spike flew through the air under her control and struck the militant in the chest, killing him immediately and freezing the wound firmly.

Although she was fast and the militants could barely aim properly as she moved relentlessly, it was inevitable that a bullet or two would hit her. However, when those bullets did hit her they were stopped by her Combat Dress Rare grade treasure.

It was precisely because of this treasure that she dared to charge into a hail of bullets. Otherwise, even she would not be crazy enough to do something that could definitely cost her life.

Chen He gritted his teeth and raised the Type 54 pistol, aiming at a militant who seemed to have lost his sanity. With an extra 'bang' sound. the militant's brains were sent flying and stained the ground creating a bloody mess.

Immediately after, a hail of bullets was directed in his direction as he had been caught, forcing him into a passive position where he dared not raise his head casually; although he too was quick and his aim terrifying, a shot in the head would give him the same fate suffered by Lei Su earlier.

With a target now clear, the militants began to calm down a bit and one of them seemed to take the temporary lead as bullets began to be used wisely. Instead of firing relentlessly, steady bursts began to be fired every few seconds.

Although the saving of ammunition was obvious, the pressure on the enemy would also become less strong as a consequence. Besides, even so, the ammunition would soon run out; after all, although Lei Su was one of the bosses he could not bring too much with him and they only had about two thousand ammunition in a total of which more than five hundred had been wasted when the battle broke out.

Shangguan Bing Xue continued to dodge between the buildings and cars, constantly throwing weapons created with her Ice Maker skill at the enemy. After five minutes she had already claimed the lives of ten militants but even then her face remained impassive.

Because she attracted the most attention, Chen He had managed to take out two other militants but in an oversight was shot in the arm.

Seeing Shangguan Bing Xue charging like an unstoppable killing machine, the five militants on their feet knew they could not stop her so they immediately threw their weapons to the ground and knelt down.

"We surrender!"

"We are surrendering! Don't kill me!"

"We were just following orders to survive!"

...

None of them wanted to die, it was in the DNA genetics of every living being. Therefore, seeing Shangguan Bing Xue being immune to bullets, using terrifying skills, and her frightening speed, the remaining militants seemed to wake up and without hesitation surrendered.