Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

A week of time flew by.

With everything going on at the same time, Bai Zemin and his people felt as if time was slipping through their fingers like water slipping through cracks. None of them noticed when the day ended or when the night began, as they had no opportunity to worry about such things.

After the departure of Medes and the few members of the Army of Heaven who accompanied him to Earth, Matthew and Naomi Sanchez joined forces to try to convince the masses of Italy.

Because the truth about the Bible God came to light, many survivors committed suicide that same day. This was because while the doctrine of Israfel served to keep in order and give hope to those with more fragile minds and spirits, once that hope was ripped away all that was left was pure and utter despair.

With over two hundred thousand survivors committing suicide and approximately three hundred high ranking members of the Catholic Church being killed after they attempted to take Israfel's place, Bai Zemin finally began to see the day when the Holy Church faction and his Transcendent faction would join as one.

What surprised Bai Zemin and his party the most was the enormous wealth that the Catholic Church had in store.

As Naomi Sanchez led Bai Zemin and the others into the treasury, they all gasped as they walked past the different rooms as she pointed out what was in each.

"In that room there are purely euros."

"That one there? It's a mix of Asian currencies, but mostly Chinese yuan."

"U.S. dollar..."

"Banks? The banks are controlled so all the money in the church is handled by the  church."

"Oh, that's gold. Mm? Yeah, the whole room should add up to about 13 or 14 tons of gold. To be honest, even I'm not really sure how much is in there."

...

Although the world had changed and physical money no longer had the value of the past, everyone was greatly surprised as they discovered more and more about the wealth of the Catholic Church.

This was particularly true for Bai Zemin and Eleanora, two individuals who in the past were just part of ordinary families.

"Although soon the whole world and every kingdom in it will move using a single common currency, gold is still useful." Bai Zemin said as he recalled that in Eventide World gold could also be used to make some transactions.

Exactly seven days after this, Bai Zemin was with Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue in a spacious living room of the villa that had been prepared for him as soon as he arrived in Italy.

"In total, we were able to count about forty-two thousand three hundred Second Order Soul Stones, seventy-two Third Order Soul Stones, and two Fourth Order Soul Stones." Wu Yijun looked at Bai Zemin with exhaustion written all over her face as she said in a low, soft voice, "As for First Order Soul Stones and Unclassified Soul Stones..."

She shook her head.

"They are simply too many to count." Shangguan Bing Xue explained, "The number of First Order Soul Stones is probably close to or already surpassed a million, but the number of Unclassified Soul Stones is so absurd that it's not even worth counting."

"That's good..." Bai Zemin sighed in relief and plopped down on the back of the sofa, "Once Europe is ours we'll have to start working on the technology of both continents. I saw that the Holy Church has technology that is used to change the engines of vehicles and make them run without fuel but Soul Stones, so we can use that to continue vehicle development according to the information I brought back from Eventide World."

Shangguan Bing Xue crossed one leg over the other gracefully while nodding, "Not only that. Naomi also showed me a blueprint explaining how to build an interplanetary teleportation gate... The problem is that the materials to build it probably can't be acquired on our Earth temporarily."

Bai Zemin was not too surprised as the wealth of the church dated back millions of years into the past. Besides, his eyes couldn't help but get lost for a moment in those snow-white, silky smooth, and shiny like ivory...

"Do you like them? Good?" Shangguan Bing Xue pointed to her legs as she stared at him with a faint smile.

"Good." Bai Zemin subconsciously revealed the truth, but when he realized it he immediately panicked, and the great Leader whom everyone feared and respected disappeared, "I-I don't know what-  I mean, I-"

"It's okay, you can touch them if you want. I only wore this dress for you to see them, they're yours anyway."

Shangguan Bing Xue reached out a hand with the intention of catching Bai Zemin's to let him feel the softness of her thighs, but he was quicker as he jumped to his feet and stepped away quickly. 

Bai Zemin coughed to clear his throat as he stole another glance at that pair of legs that were slowly beginning to seduce him more strongly every day, "Anyway. now that Angelo and Eleanora got back to America I think we should go back to China too."

"Coward." Shangguan Bing Xue pouted extremely cutely, "I only wear these short dresses here because you're the only one who can see me you know? Would you really feel comfortable if I wore them in front of other men?"

​ Bai Zemin grimaced as he looked at the pale blue dress that reached the mid-thigh of the white-haired beauty. 

In fact, the thought of Shangguan Bing Xue modeling those clothes for someone else not only made his heart boil with anger but there was also jealousy evident in him.

Even Bai Zemin himself did not know what was going on. With each passing day and as his grip on the world grew, his desire to possess increased exponentially to the point where he began to remember the greedy dragons who wanted everything for themselves or they would destroy what they could not have.

Wu Yijun watched it all with a smile on her tired face. She was perfectly fine with sharing, as in her heart she knew better than anyone that it was absolutely impossible for her or anyone else to replace the importance Lilith held in Bai Zemin's heart. The sooner he accepted a second woman the more easily number three could enter his embrace, so Wu Yijun was happy every time her good sister progressed like this.

...

Bai Zemin didn't know how he escaped from that situation, but what he did know was that exactly four hours after that he, Wu Yijun, and the increasingly seductive Shangguan Bing Xue arrived in Russia using Hero City to move through the sky.

Now that Matthew and Naomi were his Loyal Followers, Bai Zemin no longer had to worry about being betrayed by either of them. Then, he could leave Europe to them while he personally went to take care of other important matters.

'It will probably take another month or two for Europe to be mine. There is no point in staying there and wasting my time since there is little I can do to influence these people.' Bai Zemin thought silently as he followed Nangong Yi's footsteps to a dungeon built in the underground of Moscow.

Taking control over Europe would take time, and even though Bai Zemin knew that every passing second was important, some things could not be forced or else they would go wrong.

"Hey, Bai Boy." 

"Bai Boy?" Bai Zemin snapped out of his thoughts when he heard Nangong Yi's voice, but when he looked at his face he couldn't help but grimace, "You dirty old man, you're thinking something rotten as usual aren't you?"

"Hahaha!" Nangong Yi's loud laughter echoed loudly between the thick walls of the dungeon. He raised his head proudly as he announced, "This young master finally reached the number of 100 mistresses! All officially conquered by my awesomeness!"Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"Don't say it so proudly. Besides, what young master? Old hag." Bai Zemin rolled his eyes.

In the entire Transcendent faction, if Bai Zemin said that he was number 2 in terms of Stamina there would definitely not be someone who dared to claim to be number 1. 

This was because thanks to the Overlap Regeneration skill, Bai Zemin could easily regenerate his Stamina repeatedly hundreds of times to the point that even Lilith admitted defeat against him in a battle among the sheets.

However, Nangong Yi's stats were monstrously high as well... A couple of ordinary women would definitely not be able to take care of him properly, so it was reasonable for him to get himself several lovers since he had the resources and capacity to take care of them all.

"Anyway..." Nangong Yi gave him a dirty smile as he asked in a low voice, "You finally made it to the last line with the two princesses?"

"What last line or what nothing?" Bai Zemin sighed. He gazed at him and said calmly, "If Bing Xue hears you talk about her like that she'll freeze your balls off."

"Nah, I think she'd be happy at this point." Nangong Yi laughed out loud once again as he said, "Her personality has changed remarkably as well as her beauty when it comes to you. I'm sure she wouldn't mind."

Bai Zemin wanted to say something else when they suddenly came in front of an iron door that forced them to stop.

"We are here." Nangong Yi's expression and voice did a 180-degree turn as he looked at the closed iron door, "Although I don't think it's necessary for you, I'll say it just in case... Prepare yourself mentally. That cold and silent girl may be crueler than we all expected."

"Just open it."

Bai Zemin nodded, and upon seeing this Nangong Yi opened the iron door after injecting some of his mana into the central magic circle.

The duo was immediately greeted by howls that seemed to come out of a beast, and immediately after that, their faces were slammed by an extremely foul smell.

When Bai Zemin looked at the former Russian Leader, he could not help but sigh in his heart, 'Of course...'

Russia had fallen exactly six days ago, but the now former Russian Leader had been defeated in combat by the duo of Feng Tian Wu and Evangeline. 

Evidently, Evangeline had been busy lately.

During the last few days, she had hardly eaten or slept. Her only focus was on the man Bai Zemin was looking at right now.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3