Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The world was definitely not what it once was.

Most of the lands were still mostly occupied by zombies, giant mutant beasts went rampaging everywhere making it hard to know when a seemingly safe building would collapse, and to top it all off, the old seeds were no longer sprouting in a world ruled by mana.

Not to mention the survival of ordinary humans, even first-rate soul evolvers would have extreme difficulty surviving for long in solitude.

Precisely because of this, it was necessary to have a base with more people.

A lone human certainly could not survive for long in the cruel environment of the planet these days, however, it was a different story when thousands of humans joined together as a team to cover each other's weaknesses.

Although building large bases was much better compared to living outside and alone, the security these bases conveyed was mostly false. Even if no one wanted to think about huge waves of zombies surrounding the place or giant mutant beasts charging towards the walls, everyone knew in their trembling hearts that the odds of such things happening were not particularly low.

However, one thing the survivors stationed in southern Mexico never thought or imagined was precisely the sight in front of them at this very moment.

Standing at the edge of one of Hero City's walls, Bai Zemin watched with an unreadable expression on his face as the several thousand survivors moved like ants in an uproar at the appearance of the huge flying city.

"Mhm." Bai Zemin nodded to himself before looking at Meng Qi who was standing to his right with an extremely confused expression, "Hey, Meng Qi... What the hell are they saying?"

Bai Zemin knew how to speak his native language and was also competent in English, but as for Spanish... In all honesty, he didn't know anything at all.

Meng Qi frowned as she glanced at the humans below them, and judging by the expression on her face Bai Zemin realized that what the Mexicans said were not particularly friendly words.

"Are these people really idiots or do they have worms in their heads?" Meng Qi whispered to herself before looking at Bai Zemin: "Big brother... You just need to know that they are definitely not calling you handsome nor are they bowing down to you."

"I guessed as much." Bai Zemin winced but finally decided not to press his sister to translate offensive words.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He watched as the survivors pointed to the sky while shouting a few things. Some even grabbed whatever objects they had nearby and threw them stupidly skyward as if they really believed they could hit the city more than 500 meters up in the air.

"I don't know whether to say they are brave or too stupid..." Bai Zemin shook his head before waving his hand, "Jingyi, exercise some moderation."

Bai Zemin's voice had barely fallen when a gust of wind blew past him at the same time as a shadow leaped off the high walls and ventured into a half kilometer high free fall.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

"Hahaha!" Cai Jingyi laughed with amusement as the soldiers below began to shoot at her. 

Far from panicking, her small but charming body twisted and two tiny silver-colored daggers appeared in her hands. 

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!...

As the sky filled with golden sparks and sounds of metal clanging metal, Andrea couldn't help but grimace, "That girl's right in the head? I don't see any fun in fighting ordinary humans."

"She's different in that aspect." Bai Zemin explained without looking back. In his dark pupils, the image of Cai Jingyi moving at stupidly high speeds even without using any active skills was constantly reflected, "For us, there's nothing fun about fighting someone who can't fight, but Cai Jingyi enjoys mocking her enemies to the point of making them despair at their own weakness."

Meng Qi didn't know whether to laugh or cry, "Big brother, you are really mean. You could have sent someone else but you actually sent her."

Bai Zemin's expression remained unperturbed as he watched the scene below.

Cai Jingyi's two feet had already touched the top of the wall safely and was currently unleashing the greatest chaos among the enemy soldiers.

She did not kill anyone but cut their weapons to pieces just as she did with every bullet that flew in her direction, and also made sure to viciously beat the gunmen to the point of knocking them unconscious.

Although there were soul evolvers rapidly approaching, Cai Jingyi's speed skyrocketed to triple what it already was and she easily took care of all of them without even taking a scratch.

"Being diplomatic might be the right way so to speak, but I don't have the time or patience to play that game. Someone let me know when the opposition surrenders... If possible let it be before the sun is at its highest point tomorrow." After a last glance, Bai Zemin turned to leave after saying those words.

Feng Tian Wu glanced at Bai Zemin's back before turning to give a last glance at the one-sided battle raging below.

Only about ten minutes had passed and although she wasn't even giving her 50% Cai Jingyi had already taken down all the forces on the north wall and was currently heading for the west wall, clearly intending to take down those above first before advancing deep into the Mexican base.

"Meaningless and stupid."

After saying such words rather coldly, Feng Tian Wu followed in Bai Zemin's footsteps and left.

Meng Qi forced a smile after hearing Feng Tian Wu's words. Chen He's voice sounded beside her, "She is really hard to approach don't you think?"

Meng Qi looked at him for a moment before looking sideways at Feng Tian Wu's retreating back. Finally, she shook her head and remarked, "I'm not interested in getting close to her so I'm not too sure about that."

While it was true that her brother had already forgiven Feng Tian Wu, Meng Qi was a different story. 

Chen He silently looked at Meng Qi before nodding without saying anything else. He was really curious about Feng Tian Wu and Bai Zemin, but since no one said anything he did not ask about the matter either.

Time passed quickly, and in an instant, it was more than 6 hours since Cai Jingyi descended to have some fun. In fact, she was having so much fun crushing the soul evolvers inside the base that she completely forgot what she actually had to do.

First Order, Second Order, and even the two Third Order soul evolvers that advanced to attack her; all of them were completely overwhelmed, the only difference was that the 2 Third Order soul evolvers caused a lot of destruction and some casualties before being defeated by a completely unharmed Cai Jingyi.

"I can't watch this anymore."

Meng Qi finally had enough as midnight passed. She stepped forward and drew a huge magic circle in less than two minutes, making everything several kilometers around shimmer as countless purple lightning bolts crackled noisily over the giant magic circle composed of what seemed to be tens of thousands of runes.

"Ah?" Cai Jingyi kicked the Second Order soul evolver that was unsuccessfully trying to tear her apart with his sword and looked up at the sky. She didn't understand at first but when she realized what was going on she couldn't help but panic as she muttered to herself, "Damn it... I screwed up."

...

One hour later, the enemy Leader who happened to be one of the two Third Order soul evolvers that Cai Jingyi had taken down long ago was brought to his knees in front of Bai Zemin.

"So..." Bai Zemin did not look at the horrified man but instead looked at Cai Jingyi. The corner of his mouth twitched as he asked just to make sure, "According to what you're telling me, you forgot what you were doing in the middle of the fight so you just kept slashing your daggers and kicking people. Do I have it right?"

If Cai jingyi had rabbit ears they would be falling down right now. She had both hands behind her back and was staring at the ground like a criminal as she nodded sheepishly, "Sorry..."

"Haaah..." Bai Zemin let out a loud sigh and plopped down on the back of the Throne of Creation, "That passive skill of yours is really troublesome when these things happen."

"I'm sorry... I'm trying but I can't control it. It's stronger than me." Cai Jingyi apologized again with a regretful expression.

Bai Zemin sighed noisily again as he stared at her not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

Fu Xuefeng was considered a very rare and valuable existence as he had a Special class as a job. He would be considered a treasure by any faction in the universe without a doubt.

However, Cai Jingyi was different. She was one of the extremely few people within Bai Zemin's circle of power who possessed a Unique class; a path uniquely made for her and her records to walk.

The problem was that with such a powerful class, the passive skill Blood Fanatic was active at all times. While this skill allowed Cai Jingyi to become a lot faster and sharper as the battle dragged on, it was the one that sometimes made her giggle like a lunatic as she cut down enemies with a happy smile on her face.

"Forget it." Bai Zemin waved his hand as if shooing away flies, "Leave three of our men behind to guard Mayor Lu. Ask Mayor Lu to do a specific survivor count and depending on the number we could move them to China and let the United States fuse with Mexico."

It was exactly ten hours later when just over thirty-two thousand Mexican survivors walked into Hero City.

Bai Zemin, who had spent an affectionate night with Lilith away from everyone else, stretched out now energized as his partner slept heavily on the giant bed in the room that had once belonged to the former Sky Emperor.

"Next... Brazil."

Bai Zemin whose goal was always to unify humanity and end the apocalypse on his world had been collecting information about the locations of the vast majority of unhidden human bases, and thanks to the orbiting satellites, it was not difficult for him to find numerous of them.

Now that he was completely confident about his strength, he could finally use that information to end it all in record time.

* * * * * * *

A/N: Everyone, I will do my best to post 2 or 3 chapters more before reset, meaning 3-4 chapters in less than 24 hours.

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3