Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Shangguan Bing Xue also did not continue massacring and reduced the five unarmed militants with ease.

Soon after, Kang Lan and Cai Jingyi appeared on the scene.

As the only healer, Kang Lan used her skill on Chen He's wounded arm once. As for the second time, she did not dare to use it in case Bai Zemin or someone else needed help. No one said anything regarding this and Chen He thanked her with a polite smile, to which she responded by nodding calmly.

As for Cai Jingyi, she along with Shangguan Bing Xue and Luo Cheng were asking questions to the five militants who had been tied with strings tightly. After all, the convoy's appearance had been too sudden and everyone assumed that Bai Zemin might have encountered some problems.

Unfortunately, the only one who might know something about it was Lei Su but his head had already been exploded by Chen He even before the battle fully erupted.

Fortunately, just when Shangguan Bing Xue was about to suggest charging into the village and taking advantage of the fact that the enemy forces had been weakened, Fu Xuefeng appeared like a ghost in front of everyone before anyone noticed.

"Big brother Bai also doesn't know why there was such a big move suddenly." Fu Xuefeng looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and shook his head before saying confidently, "However, he sent me to say that tonight the village will be conquered by him."

"Do he need us to do anything?" Chen He asked with a slight grimace of pain. Although the wound had stopped bleeding, it was still there and the pain persisted. This was the first time he had ever been shot or found himself in a crossfire with other humans so fear still struck his heart.

Fu Xuefeng looked at him and said with a mocking smile, "Big brother Bai said that you just have to block the exit of the village. He will take care of cleaning up the trash."

Cai Jingyi nodded and said confidently, "With his strength, he can easily take care of the whole village. Even if it's thirty armed men."

Kang Lan looked at her and chuckled under her breath, "Although your statement is quite bold considering it's thirty machine guns and other guns against one unarmed human being, I can't find words to refute what you said."

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at the two girls and shook her head, "Let's prepare just in case."

The chatter stopped and everyone began to prepare in case Bai Zemin needed help. Fu Xuefeng could easily return to the village unnoticed using his Stealth skill, but Bai Zemin had told him that it wasn't necessary so he decided to stay and help out here.

* * *

Back at the Four Big Bosses Camp, Bai Zemin was looking over the house where Luo Ning and Luo Cheng had been living.

It was a normal house, had two rooms, a living room that also functioned as a dining room, a kitchen, and a bathroom. Although it didn't have many luxuries and the TV channels were dead, everything was properly tidy and it was hard to find even a speck of dust on the furniture.

"Luo Ning, you keep this place clean all by yourself?" Bai Zemin looked at her as she wiped a flannel cloth on the wooden table and couldn't help but let his eyes light up with a hint of praise.

"Mm!" The girl nodded happily and replied while humming a nursery rhyme, "Big brother is too busy killing zombies, so I cook what I can and clean the house too. I have nothing to do anyway and going out is dangerous so at least I can entertain myself like this."

"That's... Quite admirable for a girl your age." Bai Zemin stood up and began to help the girl as they chatted about casual matters. Suddenly, he felt it was a regret that he hadn't brought more things with him or asked Fu Xuefeng to bring some cakes when brought his sword today.

...

As night fell, Luo Ning prepared the dinner... Although it was actually simple.

She looked at the white rice with half a sausage in Bai Zemin's bowl and lowered her head as she whispered softly, "Elder brother, I'm so sorry... Currently, our family only has this."

Actually, a meal with some meat was very luxurious and the sausage that Luo Ning had cooked was a rarity that Luo Cheng had obtained only because he discovered a storage cellar with provisions in the past and the four bosses "generously rewarded" him. That sausage was the best she could make at present and usually she only ate rice with some bread.

Bai Zemin looked at the food on the table and his eyes had a complicated glint in them.

For the past two weeks, he had eaten like a king. Meat, fish, vegetables, legumes... Basically, he had everything he would like to have. However, it was only when he saw the bowl in front of him that he really realized how lucky he was.

"Don't worry, little girl." He smiled softly and as he put the white rice in his mouth, he replied, "My family didn't have much money before either so eating rice or noodles alone was an occasional occurrence."

He wasn't lying. He really wasn't picky about food. It was just that sometimes one needed a small reminder in the present so as not to forget the past.

Seeing him eat without any displeasure or discomfort, the girl sighed and giggled happily before she began to eat joyfully.

The current Bai Zemin had already showered and Luo Ning had given him some of Luo Cheng's clothes, so he did not feel uncomfortable. Under such an atmosphere, the two ate while occasionally saying a few words.

As for Zhong De, he had another mission currently so he was not present.

Unfortunately, all good things had to come to an end. Even more so in this new apocalyptic world.

[Blood Will: 1.2%/50%] Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Bai Zemin lowered his chopsticks softly and looked out the window. However, all he saw was darkness.

"Just in time... I really need to release some frustration." He muttered under his breath.

"Eh?" Luo Ning looked at him and tilted her head in confusion, "Did you say something?"

He stood up and under the girl's confused eyes, he whispered, "Sleep for now, little Luo Ning. When you wake up, I'll let you eat as much as you want until you go with a happy smile to bed."

Before the little girl could respond, Bai Zemin pressed a specific point on her neck and she closed her eyes, falling unconscious seconds later. His Special Forces Soldier skill was truly incredible, as it had a lot of knowledge about different martial arts and about the human body. Therefore, it was easy for him to put a person to sleep without hurting her in any way.

Not even two seconds later, a dozen machine guns started firing from the outside to the inside. The wooden door was shattered, the windows destroyed, and everything inside the house was riddled with bullets.

Four militants appeared at the windows with grenades in their hands. After removing the safety catch, they threw them inside without any hesitation.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The grenades exploded like thunder in the middle of the night and the small house collapsed completely after losing the support of several steel beams.

Just as the militants stopped firing at the sight of the destruction, a shadow shot out like a whirlwind from within the cloud of dust and the pile of rubble.