Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

It had been approximately three months since the East Sea Kingdom welcomed Queen Xian Mei'er, formerly the Seventh Princess of that sea kingdom, as its new ruler and leader following the abdication of the previous King from his seat.

The news that the now Queen Xian Mei'er immediately declared to unify all the waters of the world a few minutes after the purple stone that gave her practically absolute power over her subordinates did not take long to spread throughout the Earth.

After all, Xian Mei'er did not keep prisoner any of the princes, princesses, or nobles of the sea race who attended her coronation ceremony.

At first, the news was greeted with much derision for the most part. This was particularly true for those sea kingdoms whose territories were tens of thousands of kilometers away from the East Sea and who practically did not even know who Xian Mei'er was. Yet, the new Queen's words were not taken as a joke by the sea kingdoms whose borders were attached to the East Sea Kingdom.

On the same day that the coronation of Queen Xian Mei'er was held, the troops and soldiers of the East Sea Kingdom stationed in the several smaller cities or towns located in the depths began to move with unprecedented coordination.

Silver Claw Crabs, Golden Armor Lobsters, Hermit Swordfish, Apocalypse Blue Shark... All kinds of evolved sea creatures accompanied by at least one Elephant Whale over 3000 meters long covered each of the cardinal points in such a way that the neighboring kingdoms would have difficulty slipping through the water if they wanted to reach the East Sea Kingdom.

Moreover, as a side effect, the neighboring kingdoms had lost the possibility of communicating with each other physically since to reach the other side they would first have to cross through the East Sea Kingdom or make a complete detour, which could hardly be accomplished in a short time when numerous troops were involved.

Exactly thirty days after the East Sea Kingdom greeted its new ruler and first Queen since its founding, Xian Mei'er appeared in New Born City located at the northern end of her kingdom.

Unlike the normally occurring customs on the mainland, the sea race showed their ferocity and cruelty as Xian Mei'er did not even bother to send messengers to negotiate with the neighboring kingdom but directly led her troops and launched a fierce assault against the Phoniston Kingdom.

Unwilling to surrender, let alone submit, considering that all his prestige and privileges would be swept away by the waves, King Galahak Phoniston whose level was 189 personally led his soldiers to confront the invading troops. Unfortunately, the power of the Phoniston Kingdom was miles away from the power of the East Sea Kingdom.

The East Sea Kingdom proved the reason why they were considered sovereign among all the kingdoms closest to the Pacific Ocean within the area. Precisely two days and one night after the bloody war broke out, the news that the magic sword in the hands of the new Queen of the East Sea had successfully claimed the life of King Gahalak Phoniston spread to the nearest kingdoms; this sent chills directly to the souls of the three Kings whose territories bordered the now fallen Phoniston Kingdom.

On the other hand, the older Kings could not scoff thinking that this new Queen was simply too arrogant and did not know the immensity of the skies and the depth of the waters. 

'What's the use of tearing down a kingdom if you leave the gates of yours wide open for others to pass through?' Such was what many were thinking in their hearts as they got ready to watch a good show.

Unfortunately for them, Xian Mei'er let them down and her next action made their old bones arrogance dim to a great extent.

Two days after taking down the Phoniston Kingdom, the Queen of the Eastern Sea appeared unannounced in Thousand Stone City; the border city between the latter kingdom and the Western Kingdom.

The sea troops previously stationed there for the purpose of defending the East Sea Kingdom had suddenly turned into the Queen's spear and after three days of uninterrupted warfare finally succeeded in destroying the heart of King Xiu Cheng. Four of the six princes and princesses of that kingdom were even beheaded directly when they tried to make trouble and put up resistance.

This time even the fools realized that the new Queen of the East Sea was not as foolish and short-sighted as all the members belonging to different royal families thought. 

Indeed, to King Xia Wei's horror and despair, Queen Xian Mei'er did not continue advancing westward nor did she return northward but one day after overthrowing the royals appeared at the opposite end of the now overthrown Western Kingdom; precisely where his territory was situated.

Once again, the troops that were supposed to be there as a defensive wall became a fierce spear that stabbed fiercely into the bowels of a new kingdom.

Exactly five days later and after a war that took the lives of over 760.000 sea creatures from both sides, a piece of new news that left many royals breathless spread like wildfire among the surrounding kingdoms.

"King Xia Wei gave up? How is this possible!"

"Wasn't it said that King Xia Wei is a level 200 powerhouse that in the past competed with the old East Sea King? How can it be possible that he lost to a little mermaid who was promoted to Queen less than two months ago!"

"Looks like the old East Sea King wasn't blind after all. For him to decide to crown the Seventh Princess as the new ruler..."

"I think there's a great untold story here..."

"That's right. I feel that there is something we are overlooking in this situation or else the East Sea Kingdom is unlikely to openly and prematurely declare war."

Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

...

From fish soldiers to shark colonels, all those with intelligence not necessarily below that of a human realized that underestimating this new rising Queen would end up doing them more harm than good.

There were even some princesses and princes more fearful and unwilling to experience the edge of Xian Mei'er's magic sword and tried to convince their parents to surrender. Unfortunately for them, their words did not get very far as they soon found themselves being beheaded by the royal guard under orders of the different Kings.

Exactly one month after the outbreak of the war, and although her grip on the three defeated kingdoms was not 100% stable, Xian Mei'er personally led an army of over 5.000.000 sea creatures northward to make it clear that her purpose was to expand to the Pacific Ocean as quickly as possible.

This time the advance was more difficult for the troops of the Eastern Sea Kingdom. While 5.000.000 sea soldiers was an intimidating number, particularly the colossal blue whales whose strength was enough to bring down an entire seamount with their tails, the target Xian Mei'er was aiming for turned out to have a strong alliance with three other kingdoms; an alliance that united three royal families by marriages that had been going on for a long time until now.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3