Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Shui Meiying did not attack the human male who made a sudden appearance seconds before. Instead, she watched him with curious eyes as he cautiously observed the battlefield.

Finally, she inquired aloud, "Human, what is your business here? Who are you?"

Chen He sighed in his heart after seeing the disastrous battlefield. For him it was naturally impossible to distinguish between which ones were the allied sea soldiers and which ones were the enemies. At the end of the day, the sea creatures in front of him were all identical and there was no way to differentiate them in the same way as was in the case of humans.

"Who I am isn't something you need to know or is it?" he shook his head and pointed out, "As for what my business is... Isn't that obvious now?"

Shui Meiying secretly furrowed her brows but despite her mild displeasure, she didn't attack immediately. She could sense a faint threatening scent coming from the human in front of her, something that shocked her to her heart's content: 'How is this possible... This human is clearly just a Third Order soul evolver but he can actually make me feel this wary.'

Despite her distinguished position and outstanding power, Shui Meiying usually kept a relatively low profile and never underestimated others. She was not only very talented and powerful but her survival aptitude was possibly among the best on the planet as by not underestimating even the weakest enemy she was unlikely to meet high grade trouble.

Yet, she was now in a dilemma.

What was she supposed to do? It was obvious that the human who had just appeared had intentions of standing up for Xian Mei'er.

After a moment of hesitation, Shui Meiying questioned again in a serious voice: "Human, why are you interfering in the affairs of our sea race? If you don't answer my question then I'm afraid I can only do my best to kill you at any expense."

Sensing the faint killing intent emanating from the body of the beautiful silver-haired mermaid hundreds of meters ahead, Chen He finally hesitated. He was not stupid, quite the contrary his brain functioned more than perfectly well.

Although Chen He was not afraid to face the female in front of him even after knowing that she was a Fourth Order powerhouse, he still could not guarantee his victory 100% even though the other party was clearly a soul evolver who had only just broken through that barrier. Furthermore, regardless of whether or not he could defeat Shui Meiying, killing her and making her stay behind forever was questionable.

At the end of the day, this was not solid ground and Chen He's movements were restricted so at least in terms of speed he knew he would never be able to match Shui Meiying. That and there was also the fact that Chen He would not be able to identify his allies, which would eventually cause major problems for everyone but his enemies.

'That dude... It's really hard to tell what's in his head.' Chen He smiled bitterly secretly as he recalled how Bai Zemin practically kicked him out of Hero City and ordered him to take care of the present situation by himself.

After considering it for almost a full minute, he finally replied calmly, "My name is Chen He. I am one of the highest commanders of the Transdendent faction, the hegemon of the mainland... You can tell that we have deep ties with the new Queen of the Eastern Sea."

Shui Meiying stared. After a few seconds, her pupils contracted fiercely as she exclaimed in disbelief, "So you are a member of that faction led by the human named Bai Zemin?!"

This time it was Chen He's turn to be surprised. He blinked a couple of times and didn't know whether to laugh or cry: 'Even a Pacific mermaid knows his name. I wonder if he has become a celebrity on a global scale even under the waters.'

'Bai Zemin is our King... Or perhaps I should say Emperor." Chen He shook his head without explaining too much.

"Emperor?" Shui Meiying was very surprised and quickly asked, "Are you telling me that the Transcendent faction is the only human faction on the surface?"

Chen He nodded at the same time as he said deeply, "That's why I said we are mainland hegemons."Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Shui Meiying's expression changed repeatedly, and although his eyesight was limited at this place it was not difficult for Chen He to notice multiple emotional changes flickering in her pretty eyes. Finally, the Coral Kingdom's First Princess smiled bitterly and shook her head.

"This is a difficult situation."

"What do you mean?" Chen He narrowed his eyes, finally realizing that there were probably things he and the others didn't know yet.

Shui Meiying took a deep breath and as she waved her free hand the jewel on her forehead gleamed, "All of you, stand back now!"

The Coral Kingdom troops that had been oppressing the East Sea Kingdom troops hesitated for a moment but finally accepted their princess' order to retreat.

Xiao Xiao had suffered serious injuries but her life was not in danger. Because Xian Mei'er had fainted, she temporarily took the reins and with a spiritual wave that extended several kilometers, she forced all the troops of the kingdom to retreat instead of pursuing the enemy.

In about two minutes of time, the nearly two million troops were divided into two clear sides with more than 400 meters of distance separating them from each other.

Shui Meiying stepped forward with her spear firmly in her grip. She looked first at the fainting Xian Mei'er before focusing on the human man again, "You said your name is Chen He, right? You also said that you are one of the Transcendent faction's Commanders so your status there is probably pretty high, am I right?"

"I'm definitely one of the top ten people with the highest status and word power. I'm part of the core group so you can say I'm one of the faction fathers." Chen He nodded confidently.

Shui Meiying took a deep breath and nodded, "In that case, could you set up a meeting for me to see your Leader? I need to discuss something with him first before I make any decisions."

After a moment's hesitation, Chen He nodded and quietly took out a square device with a small Soul Stone embedded in the center. As the runes covering 80% of the device glowed, he spoke directly, "I have someone here who wants to see you. She says she needs to discuss something with you."

Shui Meiying watched the small device with some apprehension for more than ten seconds before she heard a deep voice coming from it.

"Bring her to the palace."

Chen He nodded and put the device away directly. 

He looked at Shui Meiying and pointed in a serious voice, "Only you can come. You will have to leave your subordinates behind."

Shui Meiying hesitated a little after hearing this. Although she was confident in her strength as a level 203 soul evolver, she was still clear that there were living beings stronger than her and technological weapons that represented a threat to her life. However, her hesitation only lasted a few seconds after remembering those people and she nodded firmly, "In that case lead the way. I will follow you."

"Princess!" A burly triton holding two sabers looked at Shui Meiying in shock, "Why do you need to risk yourself like that? We-"

"Enough." Shui Meiying waved her hand and interrupted that triton who was her most powerful soldier, "Ah Man, you are staying in charge of the army while I am away. You are not allowed to announce this out, is that clear?"

The merman's expression changed several times before he nodded. His triangular eyes stared at Chen He coldly as he said, "My life is yours, Princess. Still, if you do not return within 24 hours I hope you will excuse me for acting of my own free will."

Shui Meiying nodded in satisfaction, and while Chen He could sense that this merman was even stronger than Shui Meiying herself he directly ignored his threatening words. He might have difficulty defeating that triton, but Chen He knew better that this Ah Man was no more than a shrimp in the eyes of some people waiting ahead.

If Ah Man dared to act unrestrained his only end would be death.

After a few minutes, Chen He injected an extremely potent antidote into Xian Mei'er's neck before carrying her in his arms. After a brief exchange with Xiao Xiao, he led Shui Meiying directly north.

"Hey, where are we going?" Shui Meiying was perplexed to see that this human was leading her deeper into the waters in the direction of the Pacific Ocean. There was where her place was after all!

Chen He gave her a sidelong glance and suddenly smiled, "Didn't you say you want to see Bai Zemin?"

"Yeah." Shui Meiying nodded without hesitation, "But I-"

Her words suddenly cut off as a thought flashed in her heart. She looked at Chen He in shock, "Don't tell me..."

"Alright, they're up ahead." Chen He sighed and said with some hidden bitterness, "Actually, your entire army could have been wiped out by Hero City's cannons several minutes ago. It's just that person advanced straight towards your Coral Kingdom."

The corner of Shui Meiying's mouth twitched a couple of times. At the same time, stormy waves rose in her heart and subconsciously she couldn't help but praise herself for being smart and having vision.

She had naturally heard a bit about Hero City, and although she did not know how powerful its cannons were, the truth was that it was this city that helped crown the East Sea Kingdom as the most powerful kingdom for tens of thousands of miles around. It was well known that the cannons of this city could evaporate Third Order soul evolvers easily and even those beyond level 200 would meet their doom after being hit.

Nonetheless, she was now much more curious about the human named Bai Zemin.

At the same time, Shui Meiying felt that what she was doing was right.

'Besides, since he is willing to ally with that Xian family princess why wouldn't he be willing to ally with me?' Shui Meiying's eyes flashed slightly as the movements of her tail became smoother and more graceful.

She believed that after the human Bai Zemin heard her words, as well as her proposal, he would definitely not refuse an alliance with her unless he was really sick in the head.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3