Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Indeed, when the group of three led by Bai Zemin arrived at the middle part of the underwater volcano they immediately saw the beautiful figure of the Coral Kingdom's First Princess.

Shui Meiying naturally did not have two legs as before but now there was a long fish tail below her waist. Even from the point of view of a human such as Bai Zemin, he was forced to admit that the shiny scales on Shui Meiying's tail were indeed beautiful; even prettier than Xian Mei'er's, in fact.

"You came." She advanced and nodded with a smile toward Bai Zemin. After bowing slightly in respect and greeting to the other two, she immediately advanced to business, "Can we go now? It will take us about four hours to reach the Coral Kingdom but we will still have to advance for another six hours if we want to reach the Mariana Trench."

Today's Earth was tens or even hundreds of times larger compared to the past. If the oceans of the old Earth were already large, one could only imagine how vast and wide they had become now. Furthermore, since Bai Zemin and the two beauties that came with him were land creatures their movement speed would certainly be somewhat affected by the environment they were in.

After a moment's thought, Bai Zemin nodded, "Alright. It's just you coming?"

"If I bring back the entire army that followed me with the goal of stopping and suppressing the threat of the East Sea Kingdom we will draw too much attention." Shui Meiying patiently explained, "The moment my father or someone in my family discovers me they will immediately realize that something is not right. That's why I think it's best for us to draw as little attention to ourselves as possible."

Bai Zemin immediately understood what she was thinking.

"You want to charge straight toward the target?" 

"That's right." Shui Meiying nodded with a serious expression and said, "This time I was ordered to stop the advance of the East Sea Kingdom and its Queen before they entered the Pacific Ocean. If my family or anyone close to me knows that I retreated I will immediately be called back to the palace to explain myself. For more than obvious reasons I think it will be best for everyone to avoid all contact as we probably won't have much time."

Bai Zemin said no more after hearing Shui Meiying's explanation. He nodded, and soon the group of four began swimming in deep water directly toward the Pacific.

On the way, Shui Meiying took the trouble to explain to the three of them the situation of the Coral Kingdom.

Actually, Bai Zemin and the two girls were not too surprised when they learned that the Coral Kingdom had basically become an empty shell, figuratively speaking.

Seeing that none of the three of them showed astonishment, Shui Meiying couldn't help but feel curious, "Could it be that you guys have encountered situations like this before?"

"Twice." Bai Zemin nodded, and after seeing that neither Shangguan Bing Xue nor Feng Tian Wu seemed interested in talking to Shui Meiying he took the trouble to briefly explain, "Two major factions on the surface practically became the backyard of those Higher Existences after their Leaders made bad decisions. Bad from my point of view, that is."

"Definitely bad." Shui Meiying sneered as she led the advance, "Those Higher Existences claim to be gods, heh. Gods? Gods who can't open some old gate, sure. If that's how trashy these so-called gods are then they might as well stop sticking their noses where they shouldn't."

Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow and was secretly inwardly surprised. 

'This mermaid princess seems to hate Higher Existences?' Just as Bai Zemin wondered this, Lilith's voice sounded in his head.

"Hehe, I was a little worried before but now it seems to be fine. This little mermaid won't betray you... Well, at least it's safe to say she's an ally until the Higher Existences are expelled. No one knows beyond that."

Bai Zemin nodded silently. In fact, he was thinking the same thing as Lilith.

About three and a half hours later, Shui Meiying stopped and was about to say something when Feng Tian Wu whispered something to Bai Zemin.

His expression changed slightly, but just as he was about to say something Shui Meiying took out three small white pills as bright as pearls.

After handing one to each of them, she explained, "Later on it means we will be entering the Coral Realm. From there on, there will be watchful bacteria everywhere so we will have to use other methods to avoid headaches later."

[Minimalistic Pill (Rare Grade Treasure): Single-use consumable. When consumed, the body will shrink to the size of a miniature stardust speck for 10 hours or until you attack or get attacked. In addition, the life aura will be greatly reduced making it difficult to be detected by enemies with not fully developed intelligence within a certain range].Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Bai Zemin was very surprised when he saw this consumable pill. In fact, he was not the only one surprised because Shangguan Bing Xue and Feng Tian Wu had a similar feeling.

Actually, the Transcendent faction had also managed to obtain consumable treasures after killing some enemies. Yet, this was the first time they had seen this particular type of consumable.

Under normal circumstances, the Minimalistic Pill would not be of much use. Particularly because the reduced life aura could only fool living beings with low intelligence. However, this type of consumable treasure was undoubtedly of the best quality when it came to infiltration into dangerous areas or saving one's life in special circumstances.

"Do you have many of these?" Shangguan Bing Xue was cold and indifferent by nature to strangers so she had only given Shui Meiying a glance before this. However, the appearance of these Minimalistic Pills made her unable to help herself. After all, if they could get their hands on some of these pills the core soul evolvers of their faction might have an extra life card in their pocket.

Shui Meiying was slightly surprised as she did not expect such a question; certainly not from Shangguan Bing Xue. Yet, she soon smiled bitterly and shook her head, "Only about 50 at most. Although these pills are only Rare grade treasures that disappear after one use you should also be able to see their utility. I had to pay a high price to get 5 even with my status as a princess. I used 1 in the past and these are the last 4 I had left."

Shangguan Bing Xue immediately became demotivated so she nodded and said nothing more. 

However, she quickly pulled herself together. 

If Shui Meiying became the Queen of the Coral Kingdom with their help, wouldn't this mean that she would have freedom over the kingdom's treasures? Therefore, Shangguan Bing Xue thought that perhaps they could trade for items or treasures that were far from normal underwater but not particularly difficult to acquire on land.

Indeed, the Minimalistic Pill consumed proved its diabolical efficacy.

The group of four swam at high speeds through the waters of the Pacific Ocean and quickly went deep into the territory of the Coral Kingdom for five hours but did not run into any kind of trouble whatsoever. Even if some life forms other than single-celled life forms programmed to perform simple scouting and observation functions appeared along the way, the four simply circled the area and avoided them easily.

Even if someone sensed their powerful life auras, the speed at which they disappeared was so fast that the sea creatures whose intelligence could not yet compare to that of a fully developed adult human made them doubt their senses.

Best of all, even if their size had shrunk tremendously, their stats were still as high as before they consumed the pill. Therefore, Bai Zemin and the others did not have their movement speed affected at all.

"We will arrive in twenty minutes!" 

Shui Meiying's somewhat anxious voice sounded close to Bai Zemin and the two girls.

Her voice had only fallen when suddenly a powerful aura approached swiftly towards them from a distance. What's more, it was obvious that the other party had already sensed them because the owner of this aura was advancing in a straight line toward them as if they were already in its sights with no intentions of letting them go.

"Not good." Shui Meiying's expression turned fiery and she quickly exclaimed in a low voice, "We have to kill him quickly or we'll be found out!"

"Who is him?" Bai Zemin asked calmly. Only he knew that if murderous intent began to grow deeper and wider in the depths of his eyes.

On the way here, Bai Zemin realized to his utter surprise that he had underestimated the sea numbers.

The Coral Kingdom alone had to have at least 100 million soldiers; and that was just the ones in plain sight in the territory they covered!

Therefore, he absolutely did not want to be caught when there was still a good 20 minutes to go. If they were found so soon, the King of this kingdom could summon the army with a single command and surround them. 

Bai Zemin naturally did not fear. Even if the enemy was a few hundred million, most of them would only be below level 25 and nothing below the Third Order could break through the defense of his physical body; even a scratch would be impossible for them.

However, Bai Zemin did not want any trouble now. This was particularly so because he knew that there were Higher Existences involved, and the suicidal attack by that female of the dragon race was still vividly present in his memory since had it not been for Khristina he would have died that day.

"He is my father's right hand man!"Shui Meiying quickly explained with a slightly pale face, "His name is Xuan Yuan and his level is far above mine... Although I don't know how strong he is, the rumors say that even the king is not necessarily his opponent; my father is a soul evolver above level 260 now!"

Level 260? Bai Zemin couldn't help but sneer.

Forget about level 260, even if the enemy was level 300 he would still be slaughtered by him in a breath of time!

This was not him being overconfident and extremely arrogant. Bai Zemin did not underestimate his enemies because he was living proof that underestimating could end one's life. It was just that Bai Zemin was simply 3000% sure that there was no one in the universe whose Soul Power could surpass his in terms of purity!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3