Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When the sea bottom began to tremble, the ocean itself seemed on the verge of collapse.

At a depth of over 60.000 meters, i.e. over 60 kilometers, no beast regardless of its physiognomy could withstand the water pressure. Only those sea beasts above the 150 level and whose bodies were designed to bear tremendous amounts of weight could come to this place. However, at that moment only the group of four composed of Bai Zemin and the three women witnessed what was happening.

The huge boulders that easily weighed over 20 tons in the distance exploded and turned into thin dust, the few plants in the area seemed to be devoured by some invisible creature as there was no trace of them left, and as if that was not enough even cracks began to appear on the bottom of the seabed. 

"Everyone stay behind me!" 

At Bai Zemin's shout practically suppressed by the fierce rumble, Shangguan Bing Xue and the others did not dare to delay and in a jiffy appeared beside him.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Gravity Manipulation!" Bai Zemin had been using Gravity Manipulation to protect Feng Tian Wu's weaker physical body but at that moment he immediately used such a skill to push the waters surrounding them away. 

In an instant, an empty sphere in which it was difficult to even breathe pushed away all the water 20 meters around the party. From its interior, Shangguan Bing Xue and the three girls watched in shock as the water churned so vigorously that blades of water formed naturally.

The water blades were so powerful that even a level 180 soul evolver could be cut in two. Worse yet, there were hundreds of millions of water blades there!

The corner of Feng Tian Wu's mouth twitched imperceptibly at the sight of this. She looked at Shui Meiying and was about to sarcastically ask if she wanted to kill them all but restrained herself when she saw the slightly pale face on this first princess.

"Is this normal?" Bai Zemin frowned and felt increasingly uneasy inside.

"This is the first time I've opened it." Shui Meiying explained quickly for fear that her actions would be misunderstood, "You also saw that that book had practically all of its pages torn out. There was only little information in there and it definitely didn't say anything about this!"

Bai Zemin said nothing upon hearing this. He had personally read that book and knew that what Shui Meiying said was true. Furthermore, Lilith personally checked the torn out pages and affirmed that they had been torn out even before the dinosaurs became extinct so it was absolutely impossible for Shui Meiying to be the culprit.

As the trembling of the sea seemed to become wilder, a mass of white lights suddenly shone out from the cracks that now stretched 100 meters wide. The light was so bright that everything within 2 kilometers around blazed as if the overhead sun were present. Even the cold water became warm enough for a normal human being to take a comfortable bath.

"Look over there!" Feng Tian Wu suddenly pointed ahead and exclaimed in amazement, "Something is taking shape down there!"

About 300 meters away, the purest white lights twisted unnaturally. The mana covering the ocean waters began to be sucked into some kind of invisible black hole and the magical power in the area suddenly grew several folds.

Under the watchful eyes of the group, the purest white lights rose and twisted with force. In just two minutes, a sort of frame about 300 meters high and 100 meters wide appeared in front of them.

"This is..." Bai Zemin gawked at the flashing purple light flickering inside the frame.

"Haha! Looks like what was written in that book is true after all!" Shui Meiying was very excited and even her beautiful face was flushed with joy. She looked at Bai Zemin and remarked, "This portal should be the gateway to ten thousand great worlds! How about it? My gift should definitely be more than what that Xian Mei'er girl gave you don't you think? She might have helped you a little here on Earth, but I'm giving you ten thousand worlds!"

Giving me ten thousand worlds? Bai Zemin rolled his eyes and laughed in his heart. However, he could not deny that the "gift" Shui Meiying was giving him was really too precious.

While she was not giving him ten thousand worlds as those worlds surely had their own powers and rulers, it was undeniable that Shui Meiying was giving him the door and the key. It would depend on Bai Zemin's own ability whether this gift was of value or not.

The group of four led by Bai Zemin advanced together towards the giant portal, but when they were only 5 meters from it they all received the same notification in their retinas.

[Worlds Connector only allows passage to the ruler of this world. Because Earth currently has no established and approved ruler, those below level 450 will be able to enter. The power of those above level 400 will be tremendously reduced and the maximum entry is limited to 4, keep this in mind].

Bai Zemin exchanged glances with Shangguan Bing Xue and both saw the surprise on the other's face. 

"Looks like it's not that simple after all." Shangguan Bing Xue said as she looked at him.

Bai Zemin immediately fell into a dilemma about what to do next. 

He knew that he had to enter by himself to check what was beyond this portal, but he was afraid that after he left something bad would happen. However, what could he do? Standing silently was certainly not an option at all.

At that moment, several powerful auras approached from the distance.

"This is...!" Shui Meiying's expression immediately changed and a flash of panic could be seen in her eyes as she looked up, "Not good, they are coming!"

Bai Zemin had already calmed down now. He raised his head and narrowed his eyes as he saw who the newcomers were. A flash of iciness shone in his pupils as he calmly said, "It's good that they are coming. Now we can solve the problems without having to worry later."

In a few breaths, the other party's group which consisted of less than ten people stopped 100 meters away and watched the group of four with different expressions on their faces.

"Father..." Shui Meiying looked at the handsome middle-aged triton man and for a moment did not know what to say.

"You disappoint me." The old Coral Kingdom King sighed and shook his head, "I thought you were smarter than this. I was even planning to give you my mantle in a few centuries... But I'm glad to see your true colors now."

Before this, Shui Meiying felt a little bad in her heart about what she was doing. No matter what, she was opposing her entire kingdom, loved ones, and her people. However, her father's words seemed to awaken something inside her.

In an instant, Shui Meiying's expression turned as cold as the water around her and as she looked straight into her father's eyes she sneered: "Hand over your mantle to me? Father, this is the first time I've seen you be so hypocritical. I have to say I am indeed disappointed."

The old King was stunned for a few seconds as he certainly did not expect that his ever obedient daughter would actually not only dare to go against his words but also rebuke him. When he remembered the people around him, his face turned red from anger and embarrassment.

"Bad daughter! How dare you speak to me like that!"

"If I am a bad daughter then you are a terrible king!" Shui Meiying did not back down despite being slightly pale. Her aura increased several folds as she said loudly, "You're selling out our Coral Kingdom and our people to a bunch of shameless aliens who play god but you dare to point your finger at me? Do you still have any conscience left in you? My Shui family ancestors must be rolling in their graves in shame as they watch your actions!"

"You... You... You..." The old King pointed with a trembling finger but could not articulate words at all. Every word from his daughter was a loud and clear slap in his face.

Worse yet, the old King knew deep in his heart that what he was doing was extremely despicable. Yet, at the thought of what these people promised him, he gritted his teeth and swallowed that shame.

As the father-daughter duo argued, Bai Zemin observed the people in front of him.

Besides the old King of the Coral Kingdom, all the others were Higher Existences. Bai Zemin somehow sighed in relief even though he still felt that something was not right.

"We meet again." Medes smiled slightly as he looked at Bai Zemin as if greeting an old friend, "Faster than you expected?"

Aside from the God of the Army of Heaven, Bai Zemin also saw Uriel and the other Archangel named Gabriel next to him. There was also another arrogant looking Archangel that didn't even look at him from start to finish, but since this was the first time Bai Zemin saw him he didn't know who he was.

"Looks like many will leave disappointed today." Bai Zemin chuckled as he looked at the other Higher Existence Leaders.

Nikolay of the Immortal Blood Lust, Long Tian of the Dragon God Realm, and Salazar of the Army of Evolution... Adding Medes to the mix, all the Leaders who wanted to take over Earth and openly opposed him were present.

"What do you mean?" Nikolay frowned as he eyed Bai Zemin warily.

Before, Nikolay felt some contempt towards this Lower Existence called Bai Zemin. No matter if he happened to be the reincarnation of some powerful being and no matter how powerful he was, Nikolay knew that a Lower Existence was a Lower Existence no matter what.

However, Nikolay's mentality underwent a slight change after he learned that Medes from the Army of Heaven suffered rather large losses at the hands of this Lower Existence. 

"See for yourself." Bai Zemin led his group aside to leave the way open.

Seeing the "invitation" gesture, Medes and the others exchanged glances. 

"Hmph." Long Tian snorted and stepped forward confidently. It was as if the water did not exist at all as his footsteps were as steady, swift, and stable as if he was on dry land.

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, the Dragon God's footsteps stopped 5 meters away from the huge portal. A few seconds later, his back began to tremble and soon his whole body followed.

Salazar and the others exchanged glances again, feeling perplexed as they could all feel Long Tian's anger bubbling up from his body.

What happened?

They all wondered the same thing.

A few seconds later, Long Tian seemed to calm down after several deep breaths. He turned and stared coldly at the members of the Army of Heaven, confusing Medes and the others even more.

"I and my Dragon God Realm are no longer interested in this planet called Earth."

Long Tian's words were like thunder in the ears and for a moment everyone froze. Even Bai Zemin did not expect this but after some thought he understood.

Hero City had been taken and now it seemed that the portal connecting thousands of worlds was useless to the Higher Existences. As a matter of fact, there was no longer any point in staying on Earth now that the two treasures that really mattered could not be obtained.

Long Tian looked at Bai Zemin coldly for a few seconds but said nothing. His body blurred and in the next instant he simply disappeared without a trace.

"He really left." Lilith's voice reached Bai Zemin's ears, "He's not even in the Solar System anymore. Must have used a long-distance teleportation skill to return to one of his worlds."

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3