Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Gone?

The Dragon God, Long Tian, Leader of the Dragon God Realm quit the competition for the Earth?

Bai Zemin unknowingly let out a huge sigh of relief when he felt a massive mountain weighing hundreds of tons being expelled away from him.  No matter how much Bai Zemin despised the Dragon God's behavior and personality, Long Tian's strength was not something his current self could mess with. 

'Plus, now that the Dragon God Realm is gone only these are left and I will complete one more requirement...' Bai Zemin's thoughts sped up as he stared coldly at the group of Higher Existences in front of him.

Salazar's expression was unreadable at the departure of one of them. The handsome Zombie Leader flashed and in an instant appeared 5 meters away from the huge purple-white portal.

"This is..." Salazar's magnetic voice reached everyone's ears clearly. After a sigh, he slowly turned around and looked first at Bai Zemin before looking at the Army of Heaven.

"If it wasn't for the fact that none of us will be able to take anything I really might have lost my head and attacked," Salazar said as he looked at Medes with a hint of coldness before disappearing without a trace.

"He's gone too." Lilith's voice sounded again in Bai Zemin's mind, "Just like the Dragon God, he is no longer in the Solar System."

As the Higher Existences looked at each other in astonishment and confusion, Bai Zemin's eyes shone brightly.

Two!

Two mortal enemies left empty-handed after realizing that it made no sense for them to stay on Earth!

This meant that Bai Zemin had already completed half of the expulsion requirement in a matter of minutes!

"What's going on?" Nikolay finally couldn't help himself.

Two Eighth Order soul evolvers, Leaders of the universe, stopped dead in their tracks as they approached within 5 meters of the portal. There was definitely something odd about all this.

But when Nikolay got within 5 meters of the giant portal he finally understood what was going on. Surprisingly, this arrogant and proud man was not angry but began to laugh out loud.

This time there was someone from the Army of Heaven who finally couldn't take it anymore. 

Gabriel stepped forward and appeared directly 5 meters away from the portal. He didn't dare to come any closer because he feared something bad would happen. After all, three Higher Existence Leaders stopped 5 meters away and didn't even take half a step closer after that.

When the Soul Record notification flashed in his retina, Gabriel was stunned for a few seconds before smiling bitterly.

Nikolay looked at Bai Zemin and gave a thumbs up as he sighed, "Little boy, you are truly great. Regardless of whether this was planned by you or if you got really lucky, feel proud for being the only Lower Existences in history capable of frustrating so many Higher Existences together at the same time!"

"Heh." Bai Zemin sneered but said nothing.

It didn't matter if the Dragon God and Salazar left, they two were enemies that Bai Zemin planned to clean up in the future. The same applied to this Blood Lust Leader.

Nikolay naturally knew what Bai Zemin was thinking but he did not care since it was within his plans to absorb Bai Zemin's records. At the end of the day, Nikolay lusted after Blood Manipulation.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"We shall meet again, little friend."

Nikolay was nowhere to be seen but his words floated on the water for a long time.

"He's gone!" Lilith pointed out. Even she couldn't hide the excitement in her voice.

By that time, the old King of the Coral Kingdom could not believe his eyes and ears. His whole body began to tremble but it was not from fear but from fury... Even so, he dared not offend these "gods" who brazenly tossed him aside as if he were a piece of discardable trash after discovering that what they wanted to take control of could not be theirs.

"Gabriel, what's happening?" Medes questioned in a deep voice and it seemed that whatever was happening was not within his plans.

Archangel Gabriel turned with a bitter smile on his handsome face and said not knowing whether to laugh or cry, "I'm afraid we'll have to leave empty handed... At least as long as Earth is still a Lower World we won't be able to get anything here."

After Gabriel explained what was going on and even read word by word from the message he received when he approached the portal, Uriel and Medes froze as if they could not believe their ears.

Bai Zemin looked coldly at Medes before whispering something to Shangguan Bing Xue.

After thinking about it for a moment, she nodded and said calmly, "Go. With Feng Tian Wu and me here that old geezer won't be able to bring any waves."

"Be careful." Lilith whispered softly.

"Don't worry." Bai Zemin nodded gently.

Under everyone's watchful eyes, he walked past Gabriel and headed straight for the portal.

5 meters.

4 meters.

3 meters.

...

Bai Zemin did not stop at all and without even looking back he walked straight through the portal. His figure blurred and the flickering purple lights within the white light frame teleported him to a different place.

What he did not see was how the expressions of the few Higher Existences present changed from bitterness and shock to indifference after seeing him cross the portal.

Gabriel shook his head and waved his hand, tossing a disk to the ground as he said with shame in his voice, "Having to use tactics and schemes like this to fool a little baby who isn't even 30 years old... This is the first time I'm ashamed of being a Higher Existence."

Lilith ignored Gabriel's words, but when she saw the small disk he threw her pupils contracted and her aura leaked.

Medes calmly looked at the place where she was hiding in space before looking at Gabriel, "Remember that he is probably the reincarnation of that person. Don't treat him like you would treat someone normal or you'll lose several layers of skin regardless of the difference in levels."

Gabriel was still smiling bitterly but said nothing.

In just a second, a white light shone from the disk he had thrown earlier and two auras that were not present before filtered out. In less than the blink of an eye, two new people appeared before everyone.

Both had white wings on their backs, but only one of them was an angel.

"Felix and that angel?" Shangguan Bing Xue had been using Ice Maker to reduce the pressure on Feng Tian Wu, but seeing Felix and Sonnata's appearance she suddenly felt that they had fallen into a carefully crafted trap.

What happened next surprised everyone.

Felix had just been teleported outside from a small pocket dimension so it was still unclear to him what was going on. However, his body suddenly froze as a feeling of death he had never felt before covered him from head to toe.

Even Sonnata turned pale and subconsciously screamed in terror, "NO!"

A blackish-colored ice flash shattered the space-time barrier and in a heartbeat appeared in front of Sonnata and Felix.

At the same time, a purple lightning bolt began to streak across the sky; it was the punishment lightning that the Soul Record used to erase the records of a Higher Existence. Although it had not yet fallen, it was obvious that it would strike soon.

It was as if time had slowed down.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked wide-eyed at the beautiful woman whose charm and beauty were so high that even the dead would succumb to her feet. 

If it had been someone else, Shangguan Bing Xue might have asked "why?" ... but as much as she did not like this woman, Shangguan Bing Xue had to admit that the feelings this woman had for that man were as genuine as her own heartbeat.

The person who attacked was Lilith.

She knew the consequences, but she didn't care.

She didn't even stop to think about it.

When she realized that the Army of Heaven had set a trap for Bai Zemin and saw the appearance of Felix and Sonnata, Lilith immediately understood what they wanted to do.

Her beautiful face was the embodiment of coldness but her ruby colored eyes were as fierce as those of a cruel and bloodthirsty beast while her pupils reflected the course of the black ice lightning about to strike both the Higher and Lower Existence.

Forget about falling to a Lower Existence and losing a great deal of the power she managed to gain after many years of bleeding and suffering; Lilith wouldn't even blink in the face of death even if it only improved the odds of her beloved to live another day by 1%.

'First step over my dead body!' 

She had nothing; not even a life of her own worth mentioning. 

Only after meeting him and spending day and night together did Lilith understand that there was still someone who even in the midst of evolution would rather be torn to pieces and suffer in silence than let those he loved to suffer a single scratch. That unconditional love capable of moving even mountains made the ice glacier covering her heart melt even without her realizing it.

Therefore, she was willing to be torn to pieces so that he would not suffer a scratch just in the same way he was willing for her. 

Give and take.

Just as the purple lightning in the sky was about to strike, just as the blackish ice lightning was about to end two lives, a flash of crimson flames glowed like a ghost in front of Sonnata and Felix.

No terrifying explosions or supernatural changes occurred, unlike what everyone would expect.

When the ice lightning met the crimson flame it was as if it met its nemesis. It did not even resist for an instant before vanishing without a trace.

The purple lightning crackling in the sky disappeared silently, and Sonnata backed up a couple of steps before falling onto his butt. The Fifth Order angel's eyes looked at the figure who blocked that deadly attack standing in front of him with admiration, respect, and a hint of fear in his clear pupils.

"L-Lord Michael!"

The mighty Seventh Order Archangel didn't even look at Sonnata. It was as if he didn't exist. With a spear with dragon engravings curling from top to bottom, Michael looked at Lilith with a hint of contempt in his red eyes.

Lilith was very surprised. She wasn't surprised by the fact that Michael neutralized her attack so easily as she didn't even use half of her power before; what surprised her was the fact that he clearly seemed to be waiting for her to attack!

"Back then it was strange to me that you were enraged to the point of insanity when I fired a beam of divine light. It was only after learning that the Earth was hidden right in the path of my attack that I understood there was something you wanted to protect there." Medes spoke unhurriedly as he looked at the surprised Lilith, "When I saw you in Europa next to that man I finally knew the source."

Lilith looked at Michael and directly ignored everyone else.

"Get out of the way."

However, Michael didn't even pay attention to her. He looked over his shoulder at Sonnata and Felix and said in an authoritative voice, "You two still aren't leaving?"

Felix sighed and shook his head, "I won't fight him unless Bai Zemin really does something malicious. That won't change no matter what."

Without waiting for a reply from anyone, he dashed towards the portal and soon disappeared without a trace.

Sonnata looked at Medes worshipfully and knelt down as he said in a proud voice, "For the Army of Heaven and Your Majesty!"

Soon, he too became a flash of white light and stepped through the portal.

Lilith naturally tried to stop him, but in front of her was a mountain too big to overcome in a short time.

RUMBLE....!!!!

Michael raised his spear and blocked Lilith's sword calmly. However, what he didn't expect was for half of his forearm to freeze under a thick layer of ice despite blocking the attack.

"Interesting." A faint smile appeared at the corner of the Fire Archangel's mouth as a crimson-colored flame glowed above him, erasing any trace of ice in an instant.

'Not good!' Lilith suddenly panicked slightly as she realized that the shockwave would not only kill Shangguan Bing Xue and the others but also affect the Earth in general.

"Lilith!"

An anxious and worried voice sounded from the distance, and when Lilith looked in that direction she couldn't help but rejoice.

"Fire Sorrow, you came!"

Fire Sorrow flashed like lightning and in an instant appeared out of a huge glowing blue sphere. It was precisely she who activated just in time a magical barrier to hold back the residual energy from the clash between Lilith and Michael or else all the Lower Existences within several kilometers would have been turned into a bloody mist.

'What the hell is going on here!' Fire Sorrow was abnormally anxious earlier and didn't know why. But just as she wondered what was wrong with her, a great magical outburst thousands of kilometers away spread to Hero City; the reason why she immediately headed to this place after thinking of Bai Zemin's target.

"Medes, it's you again!" Fire Sorrow glared at the Heaven God with a flash of fury in her eyes. However, she did not attack.

It wasn't that she didn't want to attack... it was that she couldn't.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

It was because Lilith immediately unleashed all her power and attacked Michael again. Now that she didn't need to worry about Shangguan Bing Xue and the others' safety, all that was on Lilith's mind was to approach the portal to find a way in no matter what.

In an instant, she and the Fire Archangel exchanged tens of thousands of strikes. Their speed was so fast that Shangguan Bing Xue and Feng Tian Wu could only see golden sparks as well as flashes of ice and fire covering the entire inside of the barrier erected by Fire Sorrow.

While all this was happening, Bai Zemin was experiencing one of the biggest shocks of his life.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3