Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The first change Bai Zemin noticed when he was teleported after his body crossed the giant portal into the depths of the Mariana Trench was the tremendous increase in gravity.

The gravity in this new space was strong enough to take him slightly by surprise, and he was quick to judge that if a normal level 50 soul evolver were there they would immediately explode without leaving even a healthy bone behind.

Bai Zemin looked at the surroundings cautiously and was immediately startled.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"This is..."

The sky looked like a chaotic and disorderly mass where red and purple clouds mingled together giving birth to a rather peculiar image. In the sky, one could see a sort of brownish-transparent haze floating among the clouds and specks of black dust mingling. If one looked from afar the first image that would come to mind would probably be the chaotic outer space as well as infinite galaxies.

The wind was blowing strongly, making Bai Zemin's hair immediately become messy. Although there were no trees or plants visible anywhere, the wind howled like a mythological beast sending chills to the hearts of those arriving in this strange space for the first time.

Bai Zemin looked down and realized that the floor of this place was covered with black rocks. The rocks were so black that even the sparse light in the surrounding area seemed to be devoured as he approached. 

What surprised him the most was that when he tried to destroy one of those rocks he couldn't even make a crack even after punching with all his might!

"What are these things?" Bai Zemin was dumbfounded.

One strike from him without restraint could crush mountains and make tsunamis easily but he couldn't even leave a crack or mark on the rock the size of a head right under him!

There were easily tens or even hundreds of millions of such rocks in this place! Bai Zemin couldn't even estimate the absurd amount; a thought quickly grew inside him.

'If only I could use these stones to build the walls of my bases...'

A pity, Bai Zemin realized that these strange rocks seemed to be stuck to the ground. Even after pulling with all his strength, he could not dislodge it at all so the plan to use them to create walls that was beginning to take shape in his mind immediately had to be canceled.

In the end, he could only shake his head and after making sure that the return portal was behind him he began to walk forward while paying attention to the surroundings.

'Is this place part of Earth?' Bai Zemin asked himself as he tried to comprehend where he was. 

Approximately two minutes after running at full speed, Bai Zemin suddenly stopped dead in his tracks because he could not see the view in front of him.

His mouth opened slightly and a glint of disbelief shone in his black-as-night eyes. Soon, his fists automatically clenched tightly and his body began to quiver with excitement.

"Hahahaha!"

Bai Zemin's laughter surprisingly echoed within what seemed to be an alternate dimension or possibly a small world.

In front of him, dozens of neat rows of portals glimmered silently. 

The most amazing thing was that each of these rows had hundreds of active and functional portals!

These portals were slightly different from the one Bai Zemin had passed through to get here. Each of the portals in front of him had been constructed from the same black rocks that were on the ground and had the shape of doors about 12 meters high and approximately 4 meters wide each. In the empty/hollow space within the frame of each "door" were violet lights that flickered continuously, making it evident that each and every one of these portals worked perfectly.

Bai Zemin put strength into his legs and jumped powerfully, soaring over 500 meters in an instant. Although he was already prepared, the "wonderful" sight still took his breath away for a second before his laughter rang out again within this lifeless space.

Thousands! 

There were thousands of portals there!

Layers and rows of ordered portals, all activated and functional!

Thousands and thousands of worlds!

If each world represented an infinity of new opportunities, then what Bai Zemin had in front of him could not be described in words!

"Ten thousand worlds!" Bai Zemin was excited as he stepped into the void.

Earth was an anomalous planet; this was evident from the fact that even the arrogant and proud Higher Existences who saw Lower Existences as trash wanted to compete for it. Yet the fact that Earth was only 1 world could not be changed no matter how anomalous it is.

The amount of resources was enormous but it was still a Third Stage world. Although Bai Zemin suspected that Earth would not take long to evolve again and enter the Fourth Stage, he could not afford to wait patiently considering that he had just over 4 years before the time limit given by the Soul Record was up.

Therefore, he needed to actively seek out and find other developed Fourth Stage worlds to obtain resources that were only born and grew within the enormous accumulation of mana that existed within the atmosphere of those worlds.

Minerals, metals, herbs, precious gems, better quality food to nourish the body and spirit... Bai Zemin urgently needed the best of everything to strengthen himself and also to strengthen the core members of his faction who would accompany him to fight along the bloody path he was destined to walk.

More importantly, the Earth was about to be completely his. Bai Zemin knew that the level of his subordinates and loved ones would experience stagnation. At the end of the day, humanity was finally unified under one flag and the oceans would soon be allied forces so the opportunities to hunt and level up would greatly reduce.

Bai Zemin originally planned to use Hero City and the Sky Destroyer to venture out into the universe in search of more evolved planets. However, he knew that this plan was not particularly feasible considering the vastness of the unknown universe outside of Earth.

"With this, I no longer need to worry. Now they will be able to continue to level up and accompany me..." He sighed in relief and couldn't help but smile. His smile contained no malevolence at all and unlike his cold smiles that sent chills to the hearts of his enemies, as well as his subordinates, this was a very warm and affectionate smile that would surely surprise many people if they saw it.

Many beautiful girls would go crazy if they saw him at this moment, but unfortunately, there was no one to accompany him and enjoy this moment.

Just at that moment, Bai Zemin sensed something strange from two portals.

"Uh?" His eyes flashed as he looked in a certain direction and, without hesitation, he dashed over there.

It only took him half a minute to reach his target, but when Bai Zemin stopped in front of one of the portals that looked identical to all the others he couldn't help a weird expression appearing on his face.

"This is..."

He somehow felt somewhat attached to this portal... No, it wasn't the portal itself but what was beyond it.

"Is it calling me?" Bai Zemin was surprised by his own words.

He somehow felt familiar with whatever was beyond the portal before his eyes. This feeling was very strange and difficult to understand but it was there without a doubt.

After a moment of hesitation, Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and made a decision.

He looked back for a few moments before looking back at the portal. Then, he simply stepped forward and disappeared from the strange space without a trace at all.

Swoosh! 

Swoosh!

Not long after Bai Zemin entered through one of the ten thousand portals within the chaotic space, two silhouettes rushed forward from the white portal at the back.

"He's not here?" Sonnata frowned tightly as he used his two angel wings to soar in the sky.

His current power had been greatly reduced after entering this place but he was still a Higher Existence so his sight was several times better than that of any Lower Existence. However, he still couldn't see any trace of Bai Zemin even after some minutes of searching.

"Don't tell me he entered one of the portals..." Sonnata's expression immediately turned ugly when he muttered this.

If Bai Zemin entered one portal of the ten thousand portals then how was Sonnata supposed to find him? It would probably be easier to find a needle in a haystack!

"Huh?" Sonnata's eyes suddenly flashed and he launched forward, hovering in the sky 700 meters above, "I can feel that brat's records coming from these two portals..."

After a moment's hesitation, Sonnata glanced at Felix and said calmly, "I'll go to that portal, you go to that one. If you find that Lower Existence called Bai Zemin just break the seal I gave you before."

"I already told you I don't plan to fight him." Felix shook his head unconcerned by the words of the angel in front of him.

"You..." Sonnata immediately flew into a rage but didn't dare to attack. He only had one life after all and he couldn't waste it on the insignificant being in front of him.

"Hmph." After letting out a snort, the Fifth Order angel dove straight into one of the two portals and disappeared without a trace.

Felix took a deep breath and did the same as Sonnata except that he entered the portal opposite the one Sonnata had just used to teleport to another world.

At the same time, Bai Zemin finally understood why he was attracted to this portal.

Looking at the red sky above his head and that artificial "sun" spitting out mana, a flash of coldness glowed in his black pupils.

[You have entered the Forsaken World 'Oblon World.']

The Soul Record notification came at the right moment.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3