Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The sky was as red as blood and the thick earth-brown clouds seemed to be fixed in place as they did not move at all. Although the clouds were dense enough to destroy the most advanced fighter plane on Earth, the brightness of the artificial "sun" could not be shaded at all.

The air was heavy and although Earth was already a world that had successfully entered its Third Evolutionary Stage it still could not compare to this world in terms of gravitational power. The law of gravity in this world could make Bai Zemin whose body was extremely powerful be shocked for a split second.

Even without the Soul Record's notification, Bai Zemin could still identify this world easily even though he could only see a small portion of the sky above his head.

"Oblon World, uh..." he muttered to himself as he cautiously observed his surroundings and tried to sense the atmosphere around him.

Since Bai Zemin had caused a massacre during the counter-invasion to Oblon World approximately two years ago, some of his records became active at that moment as if they were happy little children coming back home after a long time.

At this point, Bai Zemin realized that he was inside what appeared to be a large mountain or something similar.

This should be a valley that was entirely in isolation. To be exact, all four sides of this place were huge mountains, blocking people out. The mountains were also all tilting inward drastically, and it looked like they were about to collapse at any time. They blocked most of the sunlight that would otherwise enter this isolated valley that covered an area of a dozen square kilometers. The opening on the top was a circle that had a diameter of about 50 meters.

Looking behind him, Bai Zemin finally released the breath he was holding.

"Luckily the return portal is here or I could have been forced to use the power of my 'Irregular' Title to return to Earth." 

Unlike the ground covered in unfamiliar black rocks that he saw in that little place called Worlds Connector, the ground in this place seemed to be covered in countless numbers of white bones.

Bai Zemin did not know what creatures these bones once belonged to but even the smallest bone was as big as a two-meter-high oak door. However, it was evident that the previous owners of these bones had died countless years ago as every time he stepped on the bones they turned into a fine dust.

After making sure that there was nothing worthy of his attention, Bai Zemin coldly snorted and with a loud stomp his body soared straight up over 600 meters, quickly exiting through the hole of about 50 meters in diameter above his head after kicking strongly but delicately on one of the walls.

As the strong wind blew in his face, Bai Zemin observed the scene below him and finally understood how such a portal could exist in that place without being discovered by anyone after only god knows how many years.

There were many mountains around him, and these mountains were connected and stretched into the sky. On the hills, there were a ton of old trees that were over 1000 years in age, and these trees created a large brown and black forest that looked extremely gloomy. Judging from the records that Bai Zemin absorbed after killing millions of locals in the past, Oblon World should be going through its spring now but even then there were no buds blooming at all and the land was as dry as dead.

The opening leading to the only portal connecting this forsaken world to Earth was between five tall mountains, and there were many tall trees and thick gray vines all around it. Looking down from the sky, that place looked like a natural well. If the most powerful soul evolvers flew over it, they would not be able to detect it and discover the hidden mystery.

No wonder this place wasn't discovered by anyone else even though it had been around for a long time.

Bai Zemin stopped at the top of one of the trees and scanned his surroundings for a moment. After verifying the geography of the area and being absolutely certain that he would be able to return and identify this place, his body flashed and shot up into the sky like a blaze of golden light; he disappeared into the distant horizon in just a couple of breaths.

Not long after, perhaps only two or three minutes after Bai Zemin departed from the place, a flash of white light shone from the natural hole, and in less than a blink of an eye, a tall and slim but dashing figure appeared standing in the sky.

"This place..." Felix frowned slightly after receiving the notification from the Soul Record. A look of confusion shone in his eyes as he muttered, "Forsaken World? Is this one of those worlds where all life was rejected after having committed unforgivable sins?"

As one of the oldest beings on Earth, Felix had access to a lot of information from past eras before the records of those eras were destroyed for unknown reasons. Therefore, the two words 'Forsaken World' were not particularly new to him.

Suddenly, Felix was drawn to a bright flash of crimson light in the distance. His expression changed slightly as he sensed that familiar aura even hundreds of kilometers away and without hesitation he dashed towards it at full speed.

...

What happened two years ago was something that even to this day Bai Zemin carries in his heart. 

Back then, he was just a little level 50 soul evolver who could at most face level 100 soul evolvers but was not yet in the Third Order. However, when the asura race invaded his world with malicious intentions, Bai Zemin became enraged and the effect of his Blood Berserker Wrath skill triggered.

Bai Zemin not only slaughtered tens of thousands of asuras that invaded Earth but teamed up with Shangguan Bing Xue, and between the two of them, they launched their furious counter-invasion. The two of them alone were able to slaughter over 10.000 soldiers of the asura race, among them, Second Order generals, and although Shangguan Bing Xue drained all her Stamina after a few hours because of the enormous gravity, Bai Zemin still launched himself further into the world on his own.

In fact, because Shangguan Bing Xue had been mortally wounded and almost lost her life at the hands of a mutant beast with a step in the Third Order, Bai Zemin triggered the third level of his passive skill Blood Berkser Wrath. He not only cruelly slaughtered that mutant beast but even completely destroyed a Third Order commander of the asura race with a single punch.

Bai Zemin not only destroyed the advance army of the asura race that had tens of thousands of soul evolvers and fierce warriors but even the citizens and children were slaughtered mercilessly. This was natural considering that these children were cruel warriors with deadly weapons in their hands who looked extremely vicious.

There, he even fought against the Emperor's wife of the asura race. Bai Zemin was only able to kill Glinneira after an extremely dangerous deadly battle in which he was forced to draw practically all his trump cards and use hidden tactics to preserve his life.

It was then that disaster happened... 

Because of Emperor Asura's aura, Bai Zemin knew that he could not return to Earth. If that Fourth Order existence crossed the portal, all of humanity would be doomed.

Therefore, he used everything he had and under the power of his most powerful attack that ranked in the realm of World Destroying Attacks killed almost 1 billion asuras... Even the newborns and elders without combat capabilities were not spared.

It would be a lie to say that Bai Zemin did not feel guilty after a long time. His mentality changed a lot and he was no longer that hot-headed young man, so his fury towards the Asura Emperor had toned down considerably.

He even thought that now that he was in this world for the second time maybe he could ask Emperor Thannath the reason why they did what they did. At the end of the day, as Bai Zemin learned with Evangeline's older sister, every story always had two sides.

However, all those thoughts vanished from his mind when he saw the scene in front of him. With three pairs of different colored wings on his back, Bai Zemin looked down with an angry expression on his face as dark clouds covered his silhouette.

This city was smaller in comparison to the one Bai Zemin had destroyed in the past, probably only half as large and perhaps even less than half as many citizens. The walls were blackish in color and 300 meters high, the watchtowers rose another 100 to 150 meters into the sky, and soldiers armed to the teeth patrolled with deadly serious expressions on their faces.

In the square-shaped central square measuring about 600 to 700 meters long and wide, approximately two hundred fierce-looking men with bare tops and about one hundred beautiful and seductive women swung their swords and knives in the air.

Every time a sword was swung, a head came off the body and hot red blood flew through the air and sprayed the faces of the executioners. 

A male of the asura race casually grabbed the head of a human baby that was only about two or three months old and tossed it aside as if he were throwing trash. Next to him, a beautiful woman with short shoulder-length hair of a deep red color grabbed the head of the newborn and pierced its forehead with the knife in her hands as if she was looking for something.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After finding nothing, the woman threw the baby's pierced head toward one of the great mountains of fire that burned not far from her position. However, she had no time to rest as the male next to her had already thrown another head after someone brought another prisoner to be beheaded.

"That's it." A stout man wearing brown leather armor approached the center of the square and shouted loudly, "In two days the next batch will arrive! You guys clean this place up first and then you will be given your promised pay according to the usual rules!"

"General August, how come we suddenly captured so many humans?" A woman stepped forward and asked curiously while casually wiping the blood off her hands, "The gate can only be used once every several ages but the last opening resulted in a complete failure. We all thought we would suffer a bit for the next hundred years or so but all of a sudden we started to get nourishment a month ago."

When this female asura mentioned the failure of the last gate opening, the expression of all the asuras changed immediately. It was absolutely impossible for them to forget that demon in human skin who even managed to wound Emperor His Majesty.

Fear, curiosity, wariness, hatred, murderous intent, rage, and many other particularly negative emotions shone in the eyes of these asuras as they recalled the fierce blue flames that almost devoured everything.

"About this matter I don't know too much either." The general named August waved his hand and said in a serious voice as he looked at that female, "Do not ask what you do not need to ask. His Majesty is wise and prudent so he naturally has his ways. Remember that our Empire has many secrets so it is not strange if we can open the gate once or twice more!"

pαпdα Йᴏνê|,сòМ That beautiful woman nodded and was about to say something when suddenly an extremely heavy aura pressed down from the sky along with the sound of a horrifyingly chilling voice.

"Since you don't know anything useful then you can go to hell now!"

* * * * * * *

A/N: Everyone, 2-3 chapters more before reset. 

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3