Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The fresh blood smell covered the area along with the stinky smell odor of scorched flesh. Every time the wind blew, the smell of death spread from the central square of the city to every corner so that even the security guards on each wall who were the furthest away from the square knew what was going on.

For the asura race, this was a big event; something to be happy and joyful about. Therefore, none of them minded. However, things changed when a tremendous pressure covered half the city at that instant.

"Since you don't know anything useful then you can go to hell now!"

Those words were spoken in such a chilling voice that even they, who were like demons out of hell, shivered as the wind rushed through and felt cold in their hearts.

'Who?! Who is this enemy?!' General August shuddered uncontrollably as he realized something extremely terrifying.

Forget about raising his head to look up at the sky, he couldn't even open his mouth to speak! 

This was the first time in his life that he had ever run into such a situation. How was it possible that he, a general comparable to a Second Order level 87 soul evolver, felt so small and insignificant just like a tiny wooden boat in the middle of a stormy sea covered by black clouds and flickering lightning!

However, this proud and brave asura general whose military merits were high enough to put him on equal footing with the mayor of this city in terms of power had no time to feel or think too much.

Boom!!

Like a lightning strike from the sky, a blackish flash shone from the clouds followed by a loud explosion. 

The three hundred or so asuras, males and females, in the square watched wide-eyed as that flash of blackish light covered General August. A second later, the flash of blackish light disappeared without a trace, but what they saw made these fierce warriors feel as if someone had thrown them into a freezer.

Rainere City's central square had a history of over 300 years and had never been damaged by an enemy. But now everyone could see a hole about 50 meters in diameter and about a dozen meters deep in the place where General August had been standing a few seconds before.

As for General August himself... He was nowhere to be seen at all. 

"You..." That beautiful female who had been casually chatting with General August wanted to roar angrily, but for some reason, her voice didn't come out in the tone she wanted it to. She gazed at the figure covered in dark, almost black flames, hovering in the center of the hole as if there was still a floor beneath his feet: "Who are you...? How dare you kill General August? ... Do you know the consequences of your actions?"

𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The females of the asura race were truly outstanding beauties. Their bodies were so seductive that even the purest man in the world would start having bad thoughts just by glancing at them and their faces were so beautiful that probably only 1% of human females could compare. Even their voices were pleasing to the ears.

However -

"How repulsive."

That figure covered in blackish flames sneered in an extremely cold and cruel tone of voice. It was obvious to anyone with a brain that he was disgusted and sickened towards this beautiful female.

Boom!!!

Under the wide eyes of all the asuras in the area, that figure struck once and the next instant the beautiful woman who had just spoken turned into a pile of mortal remains. 

Seeing the black ashes being blown away by the increasingly cold wind, the other asuras could not help but gasp in shock and finally woke up from their shock.

That female was only a warrior comparable to level 45 so although her death shook their hearts a little it was no big deal. At the end of the day and with all that said, the asuras witnessed death daily as they were a fierce warrior race. 

But the general August who died first was different... That man was one of the most powerful warriors of their race and could definitely be ranked among the top 200 most powerful! He could be considered a level 87 soul revolver in power terms!

And now, in front of them, that great general was simply wiped out of existence as if he was a piece of trash... 

"B- Bastard!"

"Kill him!"

"Quickly report this to the others!"

It had to be said that the asura race was truly a race packed with brave warriors that did not fear death. Even knowing that the difference in power between them and the unknown intruder was abysmal, the men and women grabbed their weapons and charged forward with fierce expressions on their faces.

It was a pity that some barriers could not be overcome with courage and willpower alone.

Bai Zemin sneered in his heart but said nothing as he watched them charging toward him. After a low snort that held nothing but disgust and disdain, he waved his hand as if shooing away a pair of flies.

The 250 or so asuras who charged at Bai Zemin only saw a black flash of light shining before their eyes and the last thing they heard was a low "Hmph" before all their senses shut down.

As for those who ran to quickly inform the others, they suffered the same fate except that since their backs were turned they didn't even see what hit them.

"Killing you painlessly is letting you leave too easily. Too bad, I have no time or interest in playing with all of you, pigs." Bai Zemin muttered to himself as he looked at the 12 or so small mountains of yellow fire around the entire square.

He only came right near the end of it all, but this did not stop Bai Zemin from knowing the way or "the materials" that were used to form those small mountains.

Even from afar, Bai Zemin could still see the expression of fury and pain on the faces of those who had just been beheaded and whose faces had not yet been completely cremated.please visit

He waved a hand in a diagonal fan shape and twelve almost black fireballs of approximately 20 to 30 centimeters each flew in different directions; each one for each mountain of corpses. When the dark fireballs touched the mountains of bodies, the latter simply disappeared in an instant, leaving behind only small piles of black ashes.

These black flames were the temporary union between the Endless Blue Lotus Flame and the Heaven-Devouring Flame; one deep blue and the other purple. Although this was the first time Bai Zemin used the power of his two divine flames together on the battlefield, he had invested time to practice during the time he was still moving throughout the world to unify all humans.

Both the Endless Blue Lotus Flame and the Heaven-Devouring Flame were Fourth Order fires. Even if both could not compare to when they were at their peak in the timeline, the union of two such powerful flames was definitely not something that could be resisted by a bunch of riff-raff.

As Bai Zemin watched the twelve piles of ashes begin to disperse under the merciless power of the wind, his eyes as deep as abysses were filled with dangerous lights.

"I can't believe that until a minute ago I intended to let them go." He shook his head and laughed at himself. A hint of pain and mockery could be heard in his voice as he unconsciously muttered, "Am I getting softer?"

Swoosh!!!

Swoosh!!!

Swoosh!!!

As Bai Zemin floated silently in the center but outside the hole where the earth and rocks of the square had turned into molten lava, about a dozen high-pitched whistling sounds rang in his ears.  He didn't know what they were attacking him with but he knew that whatever it was they were fast. Even with his eyesight he could only catch a few golden flashes flying towards him.

But -

"What?!"

"Impossible!"

Several warriors of the asura race gasped in shock in the distance.

They were all standing behind some giant crossbows; each one was so large that even a normal horse would look small in comparison. These giant crossbows were golden in color and appeared to be made of genuine gold, but most striking were the ancient and mysterious looking runes flashing on their bodies.

The name of these crossbows was Godly-Killing Crossbow, and they were so powerful that even a Third Order soul evolver would have a high chance of dying if an arrow hit them. The only problem was that the materials needed for their construction were too rare and even an arrow was extremely precious so usually warriors of the asura race were reluctant to use them. 

There were only about 200 of these Godly-Killing Crossbows in the entire asura race and the Asura Emperor had to pay a great price to buy them from the ghost race after what happened last time.

With these crossbows in their possession, even a small child of the asura race could kill a powerful enemy as long as they hit the target. Therefore, the warriors who fired the Godly-Killing Crossbow just now believed that they could finish off this unknown but terrifying enemy easily since he was not only standing motionless but seemed distracted talking to himself.

But the reality before their eyes turned out to be different from what they thought would happen.

They only saw how that figure engulfed in flames only trembled slightly after being assaulted by a dozen Dragon Slayer Arrows, but except for this not even a whimper sounded not to mention grunts of pain. Worse yet, the dozen Dragon Slayer Arrows that were over a meter long and 10 centimeters thick simply disappeared after hitting the dark flames!

"How is this possible...?" A slender and handsome middle-aged man muttered with wide eyes as he stared at that silent figure.

Judging from how he was dressed, this middle-aged man had great status within the asura race. When Bai Zemin looked at him for a second and saw the crimson robe covered in rubies, he immediately thought of some nobles of his faction.

The Lord Mayor of Rainere City was a brave and powerful mage who had been through many battles in his 430+ years of life. However, when his red eyes met that pair of black eyes he immediately felt as if his soul was leaving his body. His instinct told him to get out of there quickly, unfortunately, the enemy had no intention of letting him do such a thing.

"Go ask the underworld master." 

The mayor of the city only saw the enemy raise an arm and point a finger at him. This alone was enough to make all the hairs on his body stand on end just like a beast in danger, but just as he thought about backing away he saw a ball of almost black fire slamming him in the chest.

Then, everything disappeared for him.

The other asuras who had just fired the Godly-Killing Crossbow turned into chickens that were caught by the neck as they could not even formulate a single word. Even the warriors who had just arrived at the square with their swords drawn were stunned by what they saw.

Bai Zemin paid no attention to them. 

He waved his hand and soared into the sky in an instant. Around him, thousands of Soul Stones floated and formed a beautiful multicolored sight below the brown clouds.

Among these Soul Stones was only a handful of Second Order, several hundred First Order, and the rest were all Unclassified Soul Stones of smaller size and with less energy inside.

Although the Second Order Soul Stones were treasures that even Bai Zemin could not ignore since he had an entire faction to "feed", he had no intentions of taking these Soul Stones anywhere. 

This was because all these Soul Stones that formed small piles in the square before he floated them into the sky were the result of the indiscriminate massacre of the asuras; among them, even babies were viciously beheaded.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3