Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

As the auras looked skyward in shock, Bai Zemin raised his right hand pointing up toward the heavens. The dark flames covering his silhouette immediately crawled over his body like a living being and began to rapidly gather two to three inches above his wide open palm.

A few seconds later, a sphere of dark flames approximately 20 to 30 meters in diameter formed above him. Bai Zemin looked extremely small in comparison even though he was the creator mage, like an insignificant being in front of the sun.

Seeing this, the expression of all the asuras changed and their faces turned pale as they felt the magic power that was contained inside that sphere of dark flames.

"It's no good! Quickly charge the Godly-Killing Crossbow and kill him!" 

"Mages, join me and cast your most powerful spells!"

"We need to kill him! If that devil releases that fireball here half the city will turn into hell and thousands of our warriors will die!"

...

With seemingly indifferent eyes, Bai Zemin watched silently as the huge golden crossbows were loaded. At the same time, he could also see a small number of asuras jumping over the buildings on the sides of the street to be closer to him and began to mutter some kind of mysterious incantation.

"Every action has consequences. You should have been ready for something like this to happen since you started to do such kinds of cruelties..." At the same time as he muttered more to himself than to others, the thousands of Soul Stones around him began to glow.

Bai Zemin activated Crimson Flame silently and the power of the ball of dark flames above his head immediately became 20% more powerful. 

Seeing the color of the flames changing to a bloody red color and noticing the obvious increase in temperature despite the distance, the most powerful asura warrior after the already slain mayor and general immediately roared with a fury-filled expression on his face, "Fire!!!!"

This was their moment! Now that the devil was no longer being protected by those strange dark flames, the power of a dozen Godly-Killing Crossbows would certainly show their terror!

In addition, there were also about twenty powerful mages!

"[Thousand Fiery Arrows!"]

"[Fire Lightning!]"

"[Sea of Meteorites!]"

...

A large amount of mana immediately disappeared from the area, and even with that fake "sun" releasing more and more mana steadily it was evident that it would take at least several minutes or even a few hours to replenish the amount used. 

However, the effect was quite surprising.

Twenty or so glowing magic spells along with a dozen Dragon Slayer Arrows howled into the sky. Hot lightning bolts, flaming arrows, rocks engulfed in flames, and all sorts of unnatural occurrences threatened to destroy everything as they fell upon that figure in the sky.

Even a soul evolver on the edge of the Fourth Order could probably retreat in the face of this attack considering that they were using a dozen Godly-Killing Crossbows!

Unfortunately -

Boom!!!

Boom!!! 

Boom!!! 

Boom!!!

...

"This... This can't be happening..." A beautiful woman with fiery hair shook her head and subconsciously began to back away with a pale face.

She wasn't the only one with an expression of disbelief and horror on her face. Looking up at the bright sky, all the thousands of asuras in the city couldn't believe what they were seeing; they didn't want to believe it!

A few hundred meters up, the dozen or so Dragon Slayer Arrows and the twenty or so magic spells meant to kill that devil suddenly ran into some kind of invisible obstacle.  please visit

The twenty spells directly exploded, illuminating everything within three or four kilometers of the sky. While the Dragon Slayer Arrows fired by the mighty Godly-Killing Crossbows did not explode and continued to move forward, it was obvious to anyone with sharp eyes that their power had dropped tremendously and continued to decay for every inch they advanced.

As if trying to penetrate through a swamp, the terrifying Dragon Slayer Arrows moved slower and slower until they finally lost all their penetrating power and froze in the sky. They would still have to fly another 15 meters to hit Bai Zemin.

An asura suddenly thought of something as he watched the enemy's black hair flapping fiercely and subconsciously shouted out loud: "It's the wind! This bastard is using the wind as a shield!"

However, someone else said something that sounded a million times more terrifying in the ears of all of them.

"You... You are that human devil that attacked Oblon World two years ago and killed the Ghost Emperor and killed millions of our race!"

Like a thousand-ton roarer hitting a relatively calm lake, everyone hearing these words immediately cried out in shock. Furthermore, judging by how these warriors who wouldn't even blink at the sharp edge of enemy swords reacted, the terror of what happened two years earlier was still fresh in their memories.

Bai Zemin's expression was impossible to read. His black eyes were so deep that even the light seemed to be devoured.

He ignored the screams below and looked up.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The Soul Stones had disappeared without a trace, and all their power had been added to the power of the fireball hovering above his palm. The power of the fireball had practically doubled and its color had gone from dark red to bright red.

"I hope with this you all can rest in peace..." Even knowing how ridiculous his words were since the records of all those lost lives were no longer part of anything, Bai Zemin couldn't help but say it softly.

He would use the strength left behind by the victims of the asura race to make them pay an extremely painful price!

When Bai Zemin moved his hand downward, the fireball of approximately 50 meters in diameter followed his movements. Although it looked slow, the reality was completely different and it only looked very slow because the speed was so fast that there were only residual images behind it.

Under the terrified eyes of approximately 400,000 asuras, the bright crimson-red fireball fell from the clouds towards the center of the city. 

Some threw rocks.

Some fired the terrifying Godly-Killing Crossbows.

Others slashed with their swords and used the gusts of wind.

Those smarter or less brave simply turned to flee.

However, nothing of what they tried did any good.

The power of the glowing crimson fireball was literally unstoppable and all obstacles disappeared without a trace.

As the edge of the crimson fireball softly touched the ground of the central square, several screams that were not unlike bestial roars echoed within the city at the same time as a bright red light spread outward at a speed impossible to measure.

...

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!

Some kilometers away from the city, Felix was pushed backwards as the fierce shockwave hit his chest.

He felt no pain but his eyes opened wide as he watched the huge fiery red dome extending outward and into the sky.

The earth split into countless pieces and flames seeped through the cracks, incinerating everything that could exist down there. The mountains within 50 kilometers radius near the city simply exploded as if an invisible force had struck them and the forests within 65 kilometers around disappeared or began to burn.

When the fiery red dome disappeared a few seconds later, Felix could not help but suck in a breath of cold air when he saw the huge crater several kilometers in diameter in the distance.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3