Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin did not hurry to leave after launching the crimson fireball into the center of the city. Instead, he stopped in the sky with a single pair of wings on his back and looked down without a word.

The massive buildings, the rotten trees, the grayish plants, the stone streets, the four walls over two hundred meters high, the watchtowers, the offensive towers, the weapons and the armors... Everything was obliterated.

Without a trace, as if a cyclone of massive destruction had first hit the place and then hundreds of missiles battered the area... Everything was erased to the point where it would be hard for anyone to believe that this place was once a city that stood firm for several hundred years.

All that was left there at this point was a huge crater several kilometers in diameter and at least 500 meters deep. Even if a person stood in the center of the crater and floated up, it would be impossible for them to see the crater's boundaries; that's how huge it was.

Of course... All the asuras living there had also been completely wiped out.

The already gloomy atmosphere in Oblon World suddenly seemed to become more depressing and oppressive.

Looking at the large patch of black land and the "veins" of burning fire turned into lava running the length and breadth of the crater, Bai Zemin sighed with an extremely complicated expression on his face.

Even now he kept receiving notifications from the Soul Record. His records were being updated as he obtained more information about the Asura race after absorbing part of the records of hundreds of thousands of living beings of said race.

If this had occurred two years ago then Bai Zemin could probably feel happy and proud of himself. At the end of the day, he would have many reasons to feel positive about ending the lives of such a race with such ruthless killers.

However, he simply didn't feel happy or even proud about what he just did. He didn't even care about the terrifying destructive power he possessed even though countless living beings of myriads of races dreamed to have.

"You feel happy after you commit such genocide?" 

Bai Zemin did not seem surprised when he heard a somewhat angry voice not far behind him; it was as if he was already expecting this.

Instead of turning around, he continued to give his back to this new potential enemy and while looking at the lifeless world in front of him, he muttered, "I don't feel happy... But I don't feel sad either. Not now, at least."

"And then what do you feel? Mhm?" Felix sneered with flames of anger burning in his eyes, "Judging by the size of that city there should be over 100,000 people living comfortably there until you decided to 'honor' them with your visit."

"I feel... A little guilty, to be honest."

Bai Zemin seemed to be talking to himself as his words came out as whispers. If it wasn't for the fact that Felix was a powerful level 400 soul evolver he definitely wouldn't have been able to hear his words.

"A little guilty..." Felix muttered while staring at Bai Zemin's back in disbelief, "You just killed so many people but you feel just a little guilty? What the hell is on your mind?"

After a pause of several seconds, Bai Zemin turned and looked at Felix calmly. His expression was cold so it was extremely difficult to figure out what his true emotions were and what his thoughts were at the moment. 

"By now you should know that this is a world abandoned by the Soul Record, am I right?" He asked.

"I know that." Felix frowned, and as if he knew what Bai Zemin meant, he continued, "But so what with that? Do you think because the Soul Record abandoned a world everyone there should be slaughtered mercilessly? You just killed even newborns for god's sake!"

It was almost a roar at the end... Felix's voice was nearly a thundering roar.  Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"I know that your personality, as well as your thoughts, must have changed over the years as you advanced between Order and Order with each step your level grew." Bai Zemin looked at Felix with a regretful expression as he said in a low voice, "But I can't help but tell you this... You are too naive."

"Naive?" Felix was surprised.please visit

"Naive. You are." Bai Zemin nodded and said in a serious voice, "Do you think I'm doing this because I enjoy it? Do you think I'm a bloody butcher who likes to go around killing little children and destroying old people who can't even move from their beds? I am not as free as I would like to be! I don't even have enough time to spend with my family and the woman I love, why the hell would I do this but because I am forced to?"

Bai Zemin loved little children. He sympathized with all the children who had not even reached their teenage years but were forced to survive in cruel worlds where one's life was worth less than the grass they stepped on every day. 

Felix had not even the slightest idea that although his expression was indifferent, Bai Zemin's heart ached immensely at this moment as even now there were records of children and babies flashing in his eyes.

In fact, Bai Zemin knew that in the future he would probably regret what he was doing today. Yet, he had to do it whether he liked it or not.

"Explain to me then." Felix looked at him with a hint of pleading and clenched his fists so tightly that if it weren't for his combat gauntlets his fingernails would have dug into his palms, "I really don't want to fight you... Really."

However -

"I'm afraid that's impossible to avoid..." Bai Zemin sighed and shook his head.

Although the time Bai Zemin and Felix had spent time could not be said to be long, Bai Zemin who was very observant by nature understood the personality of the man in front of him very well. 

Even if he took Felix to other asura cities and could show how this race was composed entirely of butchers, Felix would only say that it was only the guilty asuras who deserved to die. Someone who walked the path of the 'Saint of the Absolute' absolutely won't agree to something as cruel as the extermination of a race.

However, Bai Zemin could not simply walk away and wait for the asuras to carry out more slaughter in the 'hope' of having a 'logical reason' to kill those guilty of the massacre of even newborns. Bai Zemin knew that even if the babies of the asura race were innocent today they had a 99.9% chance of becoming bloodthirsty and cruel slaughterers as soon as they had a taste of picking up a sword.

It was in their blood and in the records that made them up after all.

Felix could never accept and allow genocide as long as there was that remaining 0.1% chance... because that 0.1% implied that an asura could probably be a "good person" and not a cruel executioner.

But Bai Zemin was different.

'Even if guilt consumes me when the sun rises tomorrow, at least I will know that I saved many more lives in comparison...' Bai Zemin thought secretly as he endured the sadness he felt.

Felix looked silently at Bai Zemin for several minutes before closing his eyes in pain.

Many things could not be avoided in this life, and only a truly omniscient, omnipresent, and omnipotent overlord could be able to resist fate. Unfortunately, Bai Zemin and Felix were only two small boats on the river of life, and since the river of life could only move in one course, they could only move forward.

"It looks like you have made up your mind..."

"I did." Bai Zemin nodded.

His body flashed and in an instant he appeared several hundred meters high, and at the same time as a golden radiance covered his figure making him look like a true god, his voice echoed within several kilometers around.

"Let's get this over with. I need your records to evolve and you cannot let me go to the next city to kill... Since I am an obstacle in your path and you are an obstacle in mine there is no need to feel guilt. Come!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3