Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Felix looked up into the sky; the place where Bai Zemin hovered. 

Instead of flying straight up and starting to attack, this Saint of the Absolute thought about what Bai Zemin had just said. With a somewhat bitter smile on his face, Felix sighed to himself, "I guess you're right..."

Without further ado, Felix flew up and in an instant appeared 200 meters away from Bai Zemin.

Many things in this life were beyond what living beings could control. If fate had its mind set on anything it was practically impossible for any life form to change the inevitable, and only by being infinitely mightier could they rule over tomorrow. 

For now, they could only move forward and act according to their beliefs and the records that made up their existences.

"[Wings of Sacred Light!]"

"[Thousand Feathers of White Wind!]"

"[Increased Speed!]"

"[Agility Boost!]"

"[Light Speed Steps!]"

"[Armor of Natural Elements!]"

...

Bai Zemin nodded to himself.

Felix's aura began to grow exponentially with each skill he shouted. Not only were his records growing stronger, empowering him, but even the laws of Oblon World seemed to become less heavy against him.

"This is how it should be... Maybe just this way we won't feel so much guilt when one of us falls." He muttered with his eyes closed. 

When Bai Zemin opened his eyes again, all doubt disappeared without a trace.

"[Shadow Control - Shadow Wings!]"

"[Heavenly Wind!]"

"[Luminous Wings!]"

"[Annihilation of the Falling Sky - Golden Wings!]"

"[Crimson Lightning Flash!]"

While Bai Zemin only activated 5 skills, Felix was still activating skill after skill. So far, the number of skills the Saint of the Absolute activated was over 12.

Felix's aura seemed to go berserk. His surroundings trembled and even the land over 600 meters below began to crack every time the seemingly endless wind blades with specks of white light whipped across the ground.

However, every time the white light-speckled wind blades approached Bai Zemin they immediately stopped and could not even enter the 100-meter range before exploding as if they had never existed in the first place.

Bai Zemin sighed in his heart but he did not say anything. His feelings were extremely complex right now, and it wasn't just because he would have to kill Felix nor was it just because he was forced to kill hundreds of thousands of Asuras a few minutes ago... He knew the reason why he felt this way.

"This is the first time I don't feel so cheerful after getting stronger." Bai Zemin smiled bitterly as he muttered to himself. 

His current self probably didn't even have to use Soul Manipulation to fight Felix on equal footing... Particularly since Felix was a soul evolver focused 100% on Agility so his other stats weren't monstrous; even if they surpassed Bai Zemin's by a few points it definitely wouldn't be by thousands of points.

Of course, this was because Bai Zemin had just killed hundreds of thousands of lives, pushing his God of War's Will skill straight to the max. 

At least in terms of attack power, the current Bai Zemin was 65% mightier than usual.

Bai Zemin snapped out of his thoughts when he saw Felix drawing his sword from the sheath around his waist. With a simple thought, a bronze-colored spear with dragon engravings and ancient runes appeared directly in his right hand.

When the Longinus spear appeared in his hand, Bai Zemin's aura immediately transformed. Even Felix could not help but stare at the spear for a second longer before shaking his head bitterly.

Neither of them said anything; there was no need. At the end of the day, the power of this 'Gods Slayer Spear' was still firmly present in their memories.

"Looks like you're ready." Felix sensed danger from the current Bai Zemin, but still did not immediately attack even though he was already ready to start.

Perhaps because they both knew they were not enemies who hated each other but neither of them treated the other as they would normally treat their enemies. Bai Zemin would never allow his enemy to finish empowering themselves just for the so-called "warrior's pride" but would directly kill them as soon as possible to spare himself from danger; his life was more important after all. But Felix was different.

Felix probably thought the same, that's why he asked.

In response to his question, Bai Zemin thundered.

"[Infinity Devouring Armor!]"

"[Overlap Regeneration - Mana for Agility!]"

A near-black colored armor glowed on Bai Zemin's body. The armor was made of flames and the entire space around him overheated so much that even Felix subconsciously backed away 100 meters.

"That's..." Felix was surprised by what he saw.

"This is an upgraded version of the defensive armor that demon bastard used to use." Bai Zemin cleared Felix's doubts and hid nothing when he said, "This skill is not recorded since it lives inside the divine flames. Unlike Shun's Heavenly-Devouring Armor which only had the power of one divine flame, my Infinity Devouring Armor is made up of two divine flames."

Felix smiled derisively upon hearing this and couldn't help but remark, "Looks like this battle is going to be a bit long then..."

He and Shun had fought countless times in the past. Each battle often stretched for days and nights without being able to determine a winner at all. 

Felix thought that now that Bai Zemin had such a defensive skill they would probably have to fight for a couple of hours before deciding the winner. At the end of the day, Felix knew that Bai Zemin was much faster than Shun and so they wouldn't have to fight as much in comparison.

Bai Zemin shook his head but said nothing.

From the moment he used Overlap Regeneration to reduce his Mana in exchange for speed this battle was destined to end very quickly. 

One strike if luck was on his side, three or four strikes if his luck was bad.

"Let's end it once and for all." Bai Zemin stood silently as the golden glow of Overlap Regeneration encircled his figure.

The dark flame armor and ancient dragon spear made his aura murderous, cruel, mysterious, and a bit lonely; a stark contrast to the sacred, divine, holy, saintly, and pious aura that enveloped Felix.

Felix took a deep breath and nodded silently.

"[Cloud Piercing Drill!]"

Felix's body immediately began to spin like a drill and the sword in his hands seemed to disappear. The surrounding winds and light gathered around him, making his body "disappear" and be replaced by what looked like the head of a genuine drill.

All this happened in less than the blink of an eye, and had it not been for Bai Zemin using almost all of his skills to increase his Agility, thus increasing his reaction speed in the process, his eyes would not even have been able to see Felix's shadow.

In an instant, Felix appeared in front of Bai Zemin.

The pupils of the Saint of the Absolute contracted slightly as he saw that Bai Zemin had no intention of defending, and for some reason, he felt a bad premonition in his heart. However, his current speed was so explosive and fast that it was absolutely impossible to stop even if he wanted to.

It was impossible to take back an arrow that had already left the bowstring.

Felix's attack power was not very high, but his penetrating power was. In addition, he was using momentum speed to his advantage, as well as many empowering skills.

Although the Infinity Devouring Armor immediately absorbed 30% of the damage from this attack, Bai Zemin was not unscathed this time. The tip of the sword pierced through the flame armor and also pierced through the metal armor, cutting through Bai Zemin's skin and penetrating his chest.

All this happened in just one second; in just one second, the battle seemed to be about to end.

Despite this, Bai Zemin's expression did not change at all.

Felix did not feel happy either.

FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Just after entering an inch or two, the power behind Felix's charged attack was completely consumed. After breaking through the defense of two extremely powerful armors, the power of Felix's attack only had less than 20% of its original power but it should have reached Bai Zemin's heart easily.

However, 15% of that attack mysteriously disappeared. Felix didn't know what happened but the wind-like energy in his sword simply stopped listening to him and the mana in his sword was absorbed, so the remaining 5% could only barely pierce Bai Zemin's tough skin.

In that brief instant Felix was shocked, the dark flame armor seemed to turn into a monster as a dozen chains shot out from the chest area and in an instant enveloped his right arm.

"Ugh!" Felix's expression immediately contorted not in pain but in horror.

Although the power of two divine flames was certainly terrifying, Felix knew that the time these flames would need to break through his armor and the layer of natural mana that protected him would give him enough time to counter them... The problem was that while Felix managed to break the chains, it seemed as if there were an infinite number of them as before he could retreat he was captured again.

He finally understood the meaning behind the name of this fire armor.

Worse yet, Felix's face turned as pale as a sheet when he realized that for some reason his mana was being rapidly drained from his body!

Felix's needle-sized pupils reflected the image of Bai Zemin.

Although he said nothing, Felix thought he saw Bai Zemin's lips moving. If Felix was not wrong, he silently intoned two words, "I'm sorry."

In an instant, Bai Zemin slightly bowed his body, and after he completed the basic stance of a spear-wielding warrior immediately stabbed forward just about the time a blood-red flame burned on his weapon.

"[Rending of the Night!]"]

* * * * * * *

A/N: 2 more chapters in the next hours / before reset

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3