Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the villa where Ye Qigang resided, he and Du Meng were standing together in front of the window as if they were appreciating the full moon high in the sky surrounded by thick dark clouds.

Ye Qigang frowned and asked in a deep voice that only when he was worried about something he used, "Are you sure about what you said?"

Today in the afternoon and after delegating approximately twenty men to protect specific checkpoints that would facilitate the defense of the central area of the village in the direction of the mansion, Du Meng arrived at this place and told Ye Qigang that he might have found the source of his anxiety.

Du Meng was a quiet man and rarely said anything except when it was necessary. Therefore, Ye Qigang did not believe that he was joking or saying things without an important purpose or something to rely on.

"I'm sure." Du Meng nodded. His rough but at the same time sharp voice was extremely strange and unpleasant to listen to. "That little girl had a milk carton in her hand. Where would a nine-year-old girl get something as valuable as milk from?"

"... Indeed. That's strange." Ye Qigang nodded.

Milk was a luxury these days and even he himself couldn't drink it every day at will, let alone a nine years old girl who couldn't even fend for herself.

Du Meng continued, "After asking some men I found out that this girl is actually the younger sister of Luo Cheng, one of our armed men. If the milk was stolen by him, then the girl's death will be a punishment in the form of a warning. But if the milk was brought from outside by those two unknown young men then they should be dead in no time."

Ye Qigang was silent before nodding appreciatively. Du Meng's words were cruel, but none of them were good men to begin with; even before the arrival of the Soul Record, they had already committed several crimes and even killed some people.

The sound of gunshots and explosions in the distance soon reached here and the two looked at each other. A few seconds later, the sounds stopped and all was silent again.

"They should be dead." Du Meng concluded.

However, Ye Qigang shook his head and frowned, "Du Meng, you left someone guarding the arsenal of weapons and ammunition?"

"Only two men since the rest left with Lei Su and Yang Pei. Besides the rest are.. Fuck!" Du Meng suddenly realized something and cursed before dashing towards the exit at full speed.

Ye Qigang took a deep breath and soon heard the sound of gunshots in the distance, getting closer and closer. His eyes flashed coldly and he turned around, walking towards the exit releasing an aura of murderous intent.

Reaching the back, he approached a pile of junk cars and touched them while activating his Metal Control skill. Soon, the metal of the cars moved strangely and as if it had life, it began to surround him completely.

In a matter of seconds, Ye Qigang had turned into a steel giant that was over three meters tall. Without saying a single word, he proceeded to walk with heavy steps towards the main gate of the villa.

* * *

On his way through the village, Bai Zemin did not meet any resistance. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The survivors were trembling with fear and had locked themselves in their houses while clutching their heads or hugging each other. The sound of gunshots, the cries of pain, and the four explosions followed by the collapse of something of considerable size had scared everyone so that no one dared to even poke his head out of the window.

From the moment the four bosses arrived in the village and took control, all the survivors knew that life at this point was worth less than a piece of stale bread and anyone could kill without too much consequence.

After all, considering the situation in the outside world, who was going to punish a murderer? On the contrary, it was likely that such a killer would be accepted among the militants for daring to fight instead of being punished. Therefore, no one even dared to squeak and they remained silent, praying to God for their fates.

When Bai Zemin reached the center of the village, the first thing that caught his eye was a luxurious three-story building, surrounded by lights and extremely conspicuous in this place where everyone's lights were off.

Although they had not come this far today, little Luo Ning had told him that the strongest boss lived in the most luxurious house in the center of the village. Therefore, Bai Zemin easily identified it as his main and final target.

[Blood Will: 14%/50%]

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The power boost provided by his passive Second Order Blood Will skill was triggered by an extra 2% and Bai Zemin didn't even have time to react when a rain of bullets was directed in his direction.

From the left, from the right, from the front, and even from behind. Placed at different points, twenty militants with machine guns or pistols fired mercilessly. Even without military training, with twenty machine guns firing at the same time, it was absolutely impossible to miss and not hit the enemy target; even a fly would be hit by at least a single bullet.

However, Bai Zemin continued to walk undisturbed.

When the bullets reached him, the Broken Bronze Bell did not fly out of his pocket and the automatic protection effect was not activated. However, the bullets were stopped in mid-air by a barrier that could not be seen with the naked eye.

"You can all go to hell." Bai Zemin muttered and the Reject Ring in his left hand glowed slightly.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!....

The militants did not know that all the bullets they were firing had been magically stopped in mid-air and continued firing, piling up more and more bullets. Before they could react, the bullets that were their allies suddenly turned around and shot out at a speed no slower than before, back at the militants.

"Aaaargh!"

"Aaaah!"

"Help me!"

...

Amid cries of pain and despair, the militants were hit by at least a dozen shots each in different parts of the body. Arms, legs, abdomen, chest, shoulders, head, heart, etc.

Some bullets even curved in the air while searching for the man with the gun that fired them, turning the different militants into sieves filled with holes and covering the ground with blood, brain parts and even pieces of skull.

[Blood Will: 32%/50%]

The gunfire had not even persisted for three seconds and the twenty militants had been killed by Bai Zemin without even lifting a finger.

Bai Zemin continued to move forward with the sleeping Luo Ning in his arms until he suddenly stopped when the ground beneath his feet began to shake softly and become heavier and heavier with every second.

Soon, he understood the reason.

"Are you Ye Qigang? The strongest boss in this place?" Bai Zemin asked indifferently as he looked at the metal monster that was over three meters tall about a hundred meters away.