Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

...

There were no terrifying explosions.

The land did not split into countless pieces.

The ground did not crack open.

The sky did not rumble.

The distant mountains that survived the previous explosion did not collapse.

The surrounding wind did not flutter.

In contrast to the destructive power that those soul evolvers above level 200 had in their hands, Bai Zemin's attack seemed extremely pitiful and insignificant. Particularly considering that the one who was attacking was him, who in his arsenal even had an attack capable of destroying worlds.

Unlike Felix's attack which could have easily destroyed an entire settlement, Bai Zemin's attack seemed to be not strong enough to take down more than a couple of houses at most.

From the point of view of any living, sentient being, Bai Zemin's spear thrust was crude and amateurish. Nothing worth mentioning at all. 

Only those who had many years of combat experience and whose level was above 250 could notice anything else; something that absolutely would freeze anyone's blood.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The two critical hit notifications slowly disappeared from his retinas. Bai Zemin slowly released the baleful air he was holding in his lungs and retrieved his spear at the same time as his 'Infinity Devouring Armor' slowly faded away.

Felix opened his mouth, and against his will, coughed up a mouthful of fresh blood. As a thin trickle of blood slipped silently from the corner of his mouth, his feet hesitated in the sky and his body faltered as if he was about to fall.

After stabilizing himself with great difficulty, the Saint of the Absolute slowly began to descend from the sky using his white wings for support.

Bai Zemin said nothing and simply followed him silently.

Soon, the two reached the central and deepest part of the crater. 

Streams of lava and fire ran freely between the cracks. At the same time, streams of subterranean water continuously collided with the heat of the lava and flames causing large amounts of burning mist to rise into the clouds.

For a few seconds, neither of them said anything. It was quite peculiar as they just looked at each other in silence and did not look like two enemies at all. For anyone looking at them at this moment would definitely not be able to think that just moments ago they gave everything to kill each other.

"What was that attack...?" Felix's voice sounded hoarse and weak, but he still struggled to speak.

"Do you remember the Pope of the Holy Church? It's the attack I used to defeat him back then." Bai Zemin answered softly.

"I see..." Felix coughed up more blood and nodded. A faint smile appeared on his deathly pale face and he slowly began to walk with hesitant steps towards Bai Zemin, "Losing under such an attack... I have no regrets."

Bai Zemin sighed but said nothing. He also didn't try to step back and didn't even shield himself when Felix stopped less than an arm's length away from him.

The current Felix already...

As if he didn't feel the terrifying pain he was surely feeling after having 80% of his chest exploded, including his heart, Felix raised his head and looked up at the sky. He didn't know when but his eyes filled with tears that even he couldn't fully understand.

Was he crying because his life was about to end?

Was he crying because his path led him to clash with someone he could have been good friends with?

Was he crying because his last moments would not be in the land he had protected for over a thousand years?

Was he crying because he would not be able to protect the rest of asuras?

Maybe it was none of the above reasons.

Maybe it was all of them.

Bai Zemin did not know. Maybe only Felix himself had some idea.

After about ten seconds, Felix looked at Bai Zemin again. His look was very gentle and even though the rims of his eyes were starting to turn black from blood loss and exhaustion he didn't seem to be looking at an enemy at all but rather at someone close.

"Take this." He pulled something out with trembling hands and showed it to Bai Zemin.

"This is...?" Bai Zemin looked at him doubtfully but still took the object.

This was a small pure white stone with a black rune in the center. It looked a bit like a winged heart but at the same time not, it was quite bizarre.

"That's a senial mark." Felix coughed up more blood and staggered uncontrollably. After receiving Bai Zemin's shoulder hold, he continued between heavy gasps, "The angels want to kill you... That angel named Sonnata wanted to come here if I broke that rock. You... need to be careful later... These bastards are really wretches... Not honorable at all..."

Bai Zemin's expression changed slightly when he heard this but soon regained his composure. 

Although he was successfully tricked by the Higher Existences as he let his guard down a bit when he saw them all leaving after finding out that there was nothing they could do on Earth anymore, Bai Zemin was not too surprised by what happened. At the end of the day, he knew that Medes probably hated him the most among all the factions of Higher Existences; perhaps on the same level as Dragon God Long Tian.

"Do it."

"Huh?" Bai Zemin looked at Felix and noticed that his eyes were beginning to dull.

"Come on... My records." Felix's voice sounded a bit like the grunts of Unclassified zombies and it was obvious he was putting in a lot of effort to sustain the rest of his bodily functions, "My Health is almost down to 0 now... If you delay any longer my records... will just start being absorbed by you... but you don't need that... right?"

If Felix died now and his Health reached 0 his records would immediately be transferred to the one who killed him; Bai Zemin. That's how it worked with everyone and everything in the universe. It didn't matter if it was level 0 or level 500, this golden rule was absolutely unquestionable.

It was just that, as Felix had just pointed out, Bai Zemin could not simply absorb the records of the Saint of the Absolute.

For some reason unknown to Bai Zemin until now, the Soul Record made it clear that he needed to STEAL the records of 5 already defined existences using the skill Record Devastation; and among these 5 existences was precisely Felix.

When Bai Zemin silently activated Record Devastation, his right hand and shoulder-high arm transformed into something similar to the claw of an unknown beast as even his armor and gauntlets disappeared, leaving behind a blood-red claw.

"Don't feel bad... Have no hard feelings..." Despite his obvious weakening and increasing fatigue, Felix nodded with a small smile as he saw Bai Zemin stabbing his spear into the ground, now leaving his claw-like hand free.

The blowing wind stopped howling, and for a moment it seemed as if time stopped. In this abandoned and gloomy-looking world, in a place surrounded by forests and mountains, a giant crater could be seen from the distance and from the sky.

Suddenly, a scream that sounded like the howl of a beast in endless pain was heard from the deepest part of the crater. Even the dry branches of the gray trees stopped making noises as if frightened by whatever it was that could make someone scream like that.

A few seconds later this part of the world was silent again, and not long after that, the wind that had stopped was blowing hard again from everywhere.

In the central part of the crater and in the deepest area, only Bai Zemin was there.

In front of him, a white leather armor and some accessories were piled up on a small pile. Next to the small pile, a pale one-handed sword whose tip was firmly buried in the ground lost its radiance.

Bai Zemin's hair swayed lightly with the irregular gusts of wind blowing from above so his eyes were occasionally covered, making it difficult to see what kind of expression he had. However, two red lines slid silently from his teardrops down the sides of his face.

Blood tears!

It was said that a sentient being would only shed tears of blood after experiencing an unbelievably great breakdown and when its soul experienced a great deal of emotional pain. 

The massacre of so many new and innocent lives two years ago always weighed on Bai Zemin's heart. But he said nothing and did not let others see this weakness of his, silently bearing it and licking his wounds like a little beast when no one was watching.

Today, however, he finally found his limit.

The slaughter of tens of thousands of newborns, as well as young children who had little to do with the cruelty of the asura race, coupled with being forced to kill someone with whom he had experienced difficult times together, became the final crack that destroyed the dam.

[You have completed all the evolution requirements needed for your skill 'Immovable Heart'].

As if feeling the abysmal sadness he was going through, the Soul Record notifications didn't say things like "Congratulations" nor were there any big words or exclamation points. 

Maybe it was its way of telling him that it understood his emotions, or maybe it was just normal. Whatever it was, Bai Zemin paid no attention to it.

[Immovable Heart skill evolved into Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul].

With a small milk-white pearl in his now normal right hand and the small white stone Felix had given him in his left hand, Bai Zemin stayed silent for a few minutes before slowly releasing the breath he was holding.

"Do you want to die so badly...? Then come..." 

His voice was soft as a barely audible murmur, almost soundless amidst the howling of the wind.

In contrast, the cracking sound the white stone made when he put strength into his left hand was much more distinct.

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3