Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A few seconds after breaking the white winged heart-shaped stone, Bai Zemin finally calmed down. He looked his surroundings for a moment and in the next instant his figure flashed, appearing 200 meters in the sky and above the crater.

"Alright..." 

His voice was like a small wooden fishing boat in the middle of a stormy sea during the night; insignificant and practically ignorable. However, this was one of the times he was most determined, and the firmness of his words was evidence of that.

He naturally did not do what he did out of a moment of anger or frustration. While it was true that Bai Zemin needed a battle to the death in order to release some oppressive feelings, his life was definitely more important than this.

Actually, he had his own considerations in this regard.

'That angel is just a Fifth Order Higher Existence. It would be best for me if his level doesn't exceed 400 by many levels, but even if it does it doesn't matter.' The more he thought, the more indifferent he became about it and the colder his gaze grew.

Thanks to the Worlds Connector, any living being above level 400 would have their strength reduced for a period of time. This was the first reason why Bai Zemin was willing to risk himself.

"Right, upgraded skill..." 

After scrolling through his records a bit, Bai Zemin quickly found what he was looking for.

________________

[Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul (Fifth Order Passive Skill): Only by enduring suffering will a person truly prosper. Some will taste the ultimate joys and sorrows of life. Others are destined to be buried under cold hard tombstones. Hero! Be grateful for the trials bestowed upon you by the heavens, for the path to glory is paved with hardship!]

[Effect 1: Increases your natural Charm by 300%.]

[Effect 2: Your words have a greater effect on those living beings close to you or under your leadership.]

[Effect 3: Even if your physical body is completely destroyed, your soul can survive on its own. However, your overall strength will be greatly affected and any likelihood of survival in battle will be reduced by 80%.]FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

[Effect 4: The power/effect of spiritual or mind-altering skills will be reduced by 60% regardless of the level difference between you and your opponent; it also works on skills of your own. You are immune to the effects of active or passive skills cast by others that affect mentality, rationality, or heart; they are automatically canceled with a maximum limit of up to three Orders above the possessor.]

[Effect 5: During battle you will be able to remain calm most of the time, helping you to find exits in times of difficulty.]

________________

Bai Zemin's heart trembled as he finished checking the records of his new skill.

As expected of a skill that broke the boundary between the Fourth Order and the Fifth Order!

The difference in power between Immovable Heart and its upgraded version was simply colossal! The power of Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul was so high that it simply made no sense to compare it with its previous version!

Immovable Heart had basically two effects before; three if one counted the influence on the opposite sex. However, Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul had five passive effects!

Not only were the effects of the old Immovable Heart improved but new and terrifying ones were added!

Particularly effects number 2, 3, and 4.

Effect number 2 would be of great help to Bai Zemin, and in the future, the difficulty of ruling over people's hearts would be much easier. He would have to be careful, though; Bai Zemin did not want to affect the feelings of women as he had too many "debts" that he did not know if he would ever be able to return.

On the other hand, effect number 3 was simply too powerful.

"Now I have a new layer of life and my survival odds have increased again." Bai Zemin was very pleased with this third effect.

Until now he had never heard of soul evolvers surviving after losing their physical bodies after a battle! 

With this new skill of his, Bai Zemin felt more confident about what he was about to do.

Without saying anything, he took out six hexagonal-shaped disks from his storage ring and quickly began to move through the crater. He made sure that the distance between each disk was exactly 6 kilometers and then returned to the sky, standing right in the center of the six disks.

Actually, these discs were created by Kali some time ago. The sickly girl gave them to Bai Zemin as a birthday present and told him that for someone like him who often got into trouble, it would surely help him out of a tight spot or two.

These six hexagonal-shaped disks had a simple but powerful effect when put in the right position and the array was used correctly. Kali had spent a total of 8 months inside the Collector's Pocket World to make them and each one had at least 50,000 different runes, among them many being Heavenly Runes.

The name of the array was 'Six Cycles & Six Lives' whose effect was to speed up time x6 times within the inner space. Also, when one was inside the array the space would grow x6 so unless the person was familiar with the disks they would definitely not be able to get out easily.

"With the Six Cycles & Six Lives array I'll be able to use my skills more regularly, particularly Rending of the Night; I won't even have to wait at all to use it." Bai Zemin muttered with a flash of coldness in his eyes, "Besides, that bastard will be hit by the Soul Record when he attacks me. Inside the array, his records will weaken six times faster. I'll definitely be able to kill him."

Furthermore, just in case, Bai Zemin prepared his strongest attack while waiting patiently.

* * *

Earth, in the depths of the Mariana Trench.

After a last clash with Archangel Michael's spear, Lilith's figure flashed and appeared a hundred meters away.

There were several wounds on Michael's body as even his armor could not fully protect him from Lilith's sword. However, these wounds were insignificant and after activating a skill they all disappeared without a trace in less than 10 seconds.

On the other hand, Lilith had only one wound on her body. A part of her battle dress had been torn off by her opponent's spear and currently, there was a large gash on her left thigh. Her shiny smooth beautiful leg now looked quite disagreeable as the wound directly incinerated under Michael's flames.

"This ice energy really is annoying." Michael frowned slightly as he tried to expel the cold energy running inside his body. However, he was inwardly surprised to discover that even with his divine flame he would need a few hours before he could succeed.

At that moment, a figure flashed from a distance and rushed towards the portal. 

Michael was taken by surprise as even he no longer dared to underestimate the beautiful woman in front of him. 

On the other hand, Lilith seemed to be in a state of extreme rage as she did not even look at this figure.

Just as this figure was about to succeed, a white light shone and overtook it.

"Uriel, step aside!" Fire Sorrow glared at the beautiful woman in front of her with an expression filled with fury.

Uriel sighed but said nothing and didn't move out of the way either. 

"You... You're making a big mistake!" Fire Sorrow felt like she was going crazy. Her heart was so anxious that if it weren't for the last shred of sanity she had left Fire Sorrow would have attacked Uriel, which would culminate in disaster for everyone: "If you don't get out of my way I swear to you by what I love most that the next time we meet on the battlefield I will turn you to ashes!"

She needed to go! 

Although she didn't know and wasn't so sure that Bai Zemin was the reincarnation of the man she loved for so many years, Fire Sorrow absolutely couldn't afford to lose him! 

Besides, Fire Sorrow also had a favorable impression of Bai Zemin independently which was why she definitely didn't want him to die.

"You..." Uriel smiled bitterly but still shook her head, "I'm sorry... I have my own difficulties here."

Fire Sorrow was about to say something when suddenly a cold voice sounded from behind.

"You all should feel happy. You finally pissed me off for real."

Fire Sorrow noticed the surprised expression on Uriel's face so she quickly turned away and looked back.

"Lilith?" 

At this moment, Lilith was surrounded by some sort of red mist. However, after a closer look, everyone realized that this red mist was actually blood; a lot of blood. Even underwater it looked like an endless sea of blood. 

The most surprising thing was that there was no bloody smell at all and the blood did not seem to be something tangible, almost like a fantasy or illusion.

Medes, Uriel, Michael, and Fire Sorrow remembered that a while back Lilith had also activated this skill when she thought Earth had been destroyed by Medes' taunting attack.

"Child, stop." Medes frowned slightly and said in a deep voice, "Think about what you're doing. If you use an attack that is too powerful here you will even end up involving the loved ones of the man you love. Is that what you want?"

Although Medes didn't feel that the skill of a mere Sixth Order succubus could hurt him, he somehow had an ominous feeling when he looked at that bloody mist. 

Lilith looked at him with cold eyes and a glint of disdain shone in her ruby eyes.

"Don't worry about it... Rather, shouldn't you worry about your life?"

"With you alone?" Medes didn't even have time to respond when Michael burst out laughing, "This is really funny! A little Sixth Order bitch threatening God!"

Far from getting angry at the Flame Archangel's insult, Lilith suddenly smiled.

"We'll see if you can keep laughing in a moment."

After looking at Fire Sorrow with apologetic eyes, she waved her hand and gently pushed Shangguan Bing Xue and all the Lower Existences back.

"Since you all want to stop me then let's switch battlefields."

Lilith's voice sounded distant, almost as if she wasn't there. 

In fact, her figure was no longer visible at all. The "blood mist" had spread so much that even a figure as powerful as Medes could no longer see more than 50 meters in front of him.

An instant later, Medes and the rest felt as if something or someone was dragging them through space-time. 

"What the hell...!" The Lord of Heaven panicked as he suddenly realized that the laws he knew were altered and to his surprise, he could no longer break the space barrier at all.

Everyone's vision flashed, and an instant later the scene changed.

"This is..." Uriel looked at the surroundings and her pupils constricted as a word flashed in her mind, "Firmament Fragment's power?"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3