Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"This is...?" 

Fire Sorrow was also shocked at what was happening. This was mainly due to the fact that the laws she was used to were no longer the same. 

While the laws of this world were not 100% different it was definitely not the same.

No one dared to play with the law of space without complete certainty that after crossing an open crack they would be taken to a safe place; otherwise they might die without even knowing how regardless of whether they were Higher Existences or not.

The laws in this place were chaotic and changed continuously making it more difficult to try to manipulate them... Unless they had the Manipulation type skill required to manifest such a law.

As everyone watched the surroundings curiously and slightly cautiously, Fire Sorrow received a voice transmission from Lilith: "No matter what happens next, make sure to spend as little mana as possible. Don't fly through the sky, come down. "

Mana? 

Fire Sorrow didn't quite understand at first, but the next instant her pupils contracted to the minimum possible as she realized something terrifying.

This place had no mana at all!

Not even a shred of mana!

Crap! Fire Sorrow quickly flashed and in an instant appeared on the ground.

Although she didn't know what was going on, she soon realized that the power of Lilith's Firmament Fragment was truly peculiar and mysterious.

'Eh... Wasn't Lilith the holder of the Firmament Fragment left behind by the Ice Goddess...?' Fire Sorrow gasped in her heart as she realized what this implied.

God!

Two Firmament Fragments? Such a thing was unheard of in the story recorded!

"Where the hell is this?" Michael growled as he looked around the environs with a hint of caution.

This place looked like the very hell of legends. 

The land was scorched and there was no sign of life at all. Even after a long time, Medes and the others could not find even a single living weed in this mysterious place. Even the rocks seemed to have been crushed by a grinder to the point where they were now nothing but dust.

The sky was deep red as if a war in which billions of lives perished had occurred a few hours ago. The air was stifling and heavy to the point in which even a Fifth Order soul evolver would have to spend a little time getting used to it.

Suddenly, Uriel had a slight change of expression and as if thinking of something abruptly launched herself skyward. A golden light enveloped her and in the next instant she appeared half a kilometer away.

A few seconds later, she exclaimed, "Lord, I can't access my status window!"

Medes' pupils contracted when he heard Uriel's words, and when he checked for himself his face turned extremely ugly as he realized that even he was having trouble communicating with the Soul Record.

This was not something to make fun of or joke about... If they couldn't access the Soul Record and thus their records it would be much more challenging to use their skills.

"Bitch!" 

In a fit of rage, Michael engulfed in a pile of flames charged towards Lilith. His body seemed to transform into a meteorite and if one were to look from far away one would see a flash of fire raining down from the cloudless sky.

Lilith sneered. With a simple wave of her flawless white hand, a wall of ice took shape about 20 meters in front of her to receive the incoming attack.

Her move was so casual that anyone could tell that she hadn't even used 50 points of her Mana to make that ice wall.

Michael was even more enraged by her disdain and the power behind his attack automatically increased by several folds.

However -

BOOOOOOOM!!!

Part of the world seemed to be covered by Michael's flames. While half the world burned, the other half seemed to be protected by an invisible barrier as nothing changed.

Although the ice wall was soon filled with cracks, Michael could not believe that his attack was actually blocked by such a poor defensive barrier!

Uriel and the others were also stupefied by this.  Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

They were all very experienced beings who had lived too long to count. However, even for them, it was difficult to figure out what was going on.

'It must be the power of the Firmament Fragment.' They all thought the same thing.

Perhaps, the power of this Firmament Fragment empowered Lilith and all her skills required less mana consumption. This was what everyone thought and it was also the most logical thought from the point of view of the four of them.

Taking advantage of the moment when her enemy's mind was in confusion, Lilith waved her hand again, "Killing Ice Blades."

"Fuck!" Michael quickly stomped the ground and dashed backwards as he raised his spear and spun it in front of him at astonishing speeds.

The wall of ice shattered into thousands of pieces and thousands of blackish colored ice blades attacked the Archangel surrounded by a twister of flames. Looking from a distance, the small ice blades looked insignificant in the face of the roaring twister of fire more than 200 meters high.

However, to everyone's surprise, the fire twister soon came to a halt. The ice blades had turned the flames and Michael into a huge frozen statue. 

If one looked carefully towards the center one could see Michael glowing with a pile of flames around him; it definitely won't be long before he gets free again. It was absolutely impossible for such a simple attack to end his life after all.

"Enough." Medes shook his head and pointed toward Lilith. 

The law of light in this world was quite weak compared to other worlds, but it was still present. Being the wielder of Light Manipulation, Medes soon gathered enough light energy to destroy a continent on the tip of his index finger.

Looking from afar, Medes appeared to have a small, silver, shining moon in front of him.

"Cancel the power of your Firmament Fragment." Warned the Heaven God in a voice that left no room for negotiations.

Lilith was dumbfounded for a few seconds before bursting out laughing in giggles. 

Even though she was laughing carelessly as if she had heard the best joke in the world, her beauty was simply too high. Her bosom trembled enticingly and the smile on her face made even Michael whose murderous intent was expressly focused on her freeze for a moment.

Medes also frowned as he realized that even he was slightly affected by this woman's beauty and Charm. This was definitely not something normal.

"What are you laughing at? I'll really kill you." Medes was really losing all patience.

His personality was usually quite gentle except for particular points. However, ever since he met Bai Zemin, the possible reincarnation of the Heavenly Wolf, he began to feel murderous thoughts towards Bai Zemin himself and everyone close to him.

Lilith is an important member of the Demonic Army and killing her could cause some trouble. However, Medes didn't care; even Lucifer couldn't stop him.

Lilith ignored the threat of the Heaven God. Yet amidst laughter and tears, she taunted in a sweet voice: "Cancel the power of my Firmament Fragment? Hahaha! The power of my Firmament Fragment has already been used! From the first moment we all arrived here, it was already shut down!"

Lilith's words confused everyone.

The Firmament Fragment's power had been turned off? In other words, it went into cooldown?

But how was that possible...

An extremely wild idea flashed in Medes' mind.

"Don't tell me..." He muttered to himself wide-eyed. 

However, he didn't have time to finish his words.

Suddenly, an amount of murderous intent that neither of them had ever felt weighed like a world on their shoulders. Medes was the most affected as his face suddenly turned slightly pale and, for the first time in tens of thousands of years, he felt a hint of fear.

He was shocked about this.

Fear? 

That's right, fear!

The level of murderous intent in the air was so strong that a living being shouldn't have it!

Even Medes who had wiped out trillions of living beings to reach his current level did not have even 1/4th of this person's murderous intent!

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3