Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Who could have such a murderous intent? This was the question they were all asking; in particular Medes, who was the focus of such pressure.

A few seconds later, they all saw a flash of crimson light approaching from the far south. This flash was so fast that even the heavy air of the world was pushed aside as if afraid to avoid being shattered.

However, far from worrying, Medes and the others relaxed noticeably after sensing the speed of the other party. Although this stranger's murderous intent was against the rules, their speed was nothing too crazy; even Uriel who was the slowest among the three members of the Army of Heaven could move faster even without using Agility boosting skills.

"This is your helper?" Medes asked without looking at Lilith. He didn't wait for an answer but changed direction and, instead of aiming his already charged attack at Lilith he aimed at the unknown being approaching from afar.

"Let me show you how naive you are." With these words spoken, the God of Heaven bellowed, "[Flash of Brilliant Light!"]

As if the other laws of the world were insignificant in comparison, the gravity and pressure of the unknown place presented no obstacle at all. At a speed difficult to follow with the naked eye, a flash of bright white light broke from the tip of Medes' finger and in a jiffy arrived in front of the flash of crimson light more than 2 kilometers away.

Medes had already lowered his hand and seemed ready to watch the scene where the incoming enemy instantly disappeared after being smitten by his Flash of Bright Light. 

One needed to know that Medes was one of the oldest living beings in the universe and had long since reached the peak level of the Eighth Order. His destructive power, speed, physical attack power, magical attack power... All his stats, trackable and untrackable, were monstrously high!

Therefore, it was natural to expect the death of his enemies. 

Even if the incoming enemy were a Sixth Order soul evolver they would still die!

However, what happened next made everyone's expression change drastically.

They only saw that flash of crimson light stop in the sky as if it had frozen in fear before the flash of bright light. Then, Medes and the others didn't know how but the attack he had launched after spending over 200 Mana points, that beam of white light, simply began to be absorbed by something.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The wind stirred strongly and sparks of white light illuminated Uriel's beautiful face. She gazed in disbelief at the storm of white light in the sky being absorbed and couldn't help but mutter with wide eyes, "You've got to be kidding me..."

Even Michael whose anger burned furiously did not attack Lilith after shattering the mountain of ice in which he had been buried. He gazed in disbelief at what he was seeing and for the first time, he doubted his eyes.

But what happened next would be something neither of them could ever forget.

Swoosh!

All the white light disappeared, and for a brief moment the world seemed to return to normal. However, before any of them had a chance to see what the unknown enemy looked like, a point of white light glowed from the tip of the enemy's weapon and shot out at them a split second later.

In normal times, this sort of attack would have been dodged with relative ease. However, Medes had not suffered a setback like this in too many years. Therefore, his fate was miserable.

By the time he came out of his daze from what had just happened, it was too late, and out of pure battle instinct, he raised his arms in a cross shape in front of his chest.

Swoosh!!!

In Uriel's disbelieving golden pupils was reflected the image of her Leader being dragged somewhere after being hit. If one were looking into Uriel's beautiful eyes at that moment one would be surprised to see a white flash hitting Medes and making him disappear from her eyes in less than a blink of an eye.

The next instant -

RUMBLE...!!!

The ground tens of miles away began to rumble ferociously. The shaking became more and more ferocious as if a giant meteorite had fallen from outer space and hit the solid ground at high speed.

Stiffly, like a robot that had not received proper maintenance in a long time, Uriel turned her head and stared at the culprit.

This was a man who looked to be about 25-27 years old. His silky hair was blood red in color and was so long that it reached his waist, swaying gently with the blowing of the wind in the sky.

He wore some sort of black tunic that was quite worn in places and appeared to have been repaired countless times as there were some patches, large and small, all over it. His bare feet appeared to be suspended in the sky, but upon closer inspection, one might notice that he actually seemed to be standing on a windy step that was difficult to detect.

This man was very handsome. In particular his eyes and hair, both blood red, as they gave him a sort of demonic charm that in tandem with his pale skin formed an unbelievably attractive image. It was just that his indifferent expression and the chasm-like depth in his gaze made people not dare to look at him for too long for fear of being devoured by the darkness he enclosed.

Uriel immediately turned her attention to this man's sword.

His sword was about 2 meters long and at least half a meter wide. Its body was made of an unknown jet black material and even the flashes of light left over from the previous attack could not make it shine. The most striking thing apart from the enormous size of the weapon was that the hilt of the sword seemed to be a piece of cloth, and this cloth was wrapped around his right arm as he used his right hand to easily hold the heavy weapon.

While everyone was stunned and dumbfounded by what had just happened, Uriel softly asked, "Would you mind telling us who you are and why you are attacking us?"

She could tell that this man in black and red hair was under no one's control, so he was absolutely not Lilith's puppet. Also, his whole body was burbling with life so Uriel knew he wasn't some sort of spirit left behind by the owner of the Firmament Fragment that Lilith used to drag everyone to this place.

Unfortunately for Uriel, this man not only didn't look at her but didn't even seem to have heard her words. It was as if she whose title as the Universe's Number 1 Beauty wasn't much more valuable and interesting than the putrid air of this world.

The eyes of the man in black did not stray from Lilith from the moment he appeared. That pair of beautiful but terrifying red pupils that had shown nothing but indifference after experiencing a lot finally showed ripples as he stared at her.

The man opened his mouth slightly as if he wanted to say something, but perhaps because he hadn't uttered any words in a long time he was only able to make a small hoarse and dry sound.

Lilith's expression was extremely complicated as she looked at this man. There were many emotions in her usually mischievous or indifferent eyes, but she just nodded and said a few words as if she knew what he wanted to say but couldn't.

"Everyone is fine... She's fine."

Uriel and the others noticed the man's eyes light up slightly, but even they thought it was an illusion as that brightness disappeared even faster than it appeared.

Michael was the first to come out of his daze. When he realized that even after so long his Lord showed no signs of returning and while watching the opponent's calmness and indifference he finally became completely enraged.

"You bastard! How dare you, a low-level ant!"

Michael's flames suddenly turned red, and with a fierce stab of his spear, he roared, "[Raging Fire Dragon God!"]

ROAR!!!

The red flames converged on the Archangel's spear, and as he stabbed forward a giant flame dragon formed and flew up to the man in the sky.

Looking from afar, the red fire dragon was as big as a mountain while the man with long red hair was not much bigger than an ant in comparison.

However, size did not represent the difference in strength between two opponents.

Everyone watched as the man's expression remained as indifferent as before. He released his grip on his weapon, letting the black sword fall from the sky. Then, he suddenly grabbed onto a piece of cloth that had followed the downward movement of the sword and slid down his arm.

This time everyone saw it clearly, so they finally understood how it was that this man turned the attack of the God of Heaven into his to counterattack.

They only saw the man in black swing his sword in a large full circle in front of him as he used the piece of cloth as a grip. The giant black sword whirled so fast that it soon completely covered the man behind it, looking like a small black hole capable of swallowing everything.

ROAR!!!

The giant red flame dragon roared as it finally slammed into the spinning sword. However, its size soon began to shrink and the spinning sword slowly changed its color from jet black to blood red.

Once the fire dragon was completely swallowed by the "black hole", the sword turned into a fiery red weapon. Michael could not believe what he was witnessing.

Although his previous attack seemed casual he had invested a considerable amount of his Mana to strengthen his divine flame!

The man in black suddenly grabbed his weapon by the hilt again, and as his deep eyes turned to the Archangel he pointed his weapon in his direction.

ROAR!!!!

As if time had gone into reverse, a fire dragon exactly like the one Michael had launched earlier shot out from the tip of the heavy sword only its speed was twice as fast compared to the previous one.

"Nonsense!" Michael exclaimed in shock as he raised his spear and formed a thick shield of fire to protect himself.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

A mushroom of fire shot skyward and the sea of flames spread across the land. It was fortunate that everyone present was so powerful, otherwise any soul evolvers below the Sixth Order would definitely meet a miserable end even if they survived the explosion.

As the long red hair of the man in black swayed gently in the wind and his pale face gained a hint of red from the blaze's glow, Medes' voice rang out from the distance.

"You... That's the power of the ancient Immortal Barbarian King! What the hell are you?!"

* * * * * * *

Really thank you very much to all those who send gifts to the novel and support with valuable Golden Tickets. I hope we can all keep it up <3