Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Oblon World.

Bai Zemin naturally had no idea what was happening with Lilith and the rest. At this moment, he was doing his best to plot in his head the best combat style and plan to end the life of a Fifth Order angel.

Although Felix had informed Bai Zemin about the plot of the Army of Heaven before his fall, Bai Zemin simply thought that this plot was aimed to take his life; and in fact, he was not wrong. The problem was that Bai Zemin never anticipated that Lilith would react so aggressively to the point of trying to ignore the Soul Record's warning regarding the maximum level allowed in the Worlds Connectors.

Therefore, Bai Zemin simply had no way of imagining that while he was preparing to fight with his life as a bet, his lover was also risking her own life to take out three of the main members of the Army of Heaven.

...

Approximately 5 minutes after completing the Six Cycles & Six Lives array, Bai Zemin opened his previously closed eyes and directly activated Soul Manipulation.

It had been a while since the last time he was forced to use the power of Soul Manipulation.

After obtaining Air Manipulation and after the mutation of his other two Manipulation-type skills during his stay in the other dimension Bai Zemin had become so powerful that it was unlikely to find enemies capable of forcing him to use Soul Manipulation among the Lower Existences.

[Using the power of Soul Manipulation your Third Order skill, Regeneration, evolves into Fourth Order Regeneration].

[Using the power of Soul Manipulation your Magic Break skill evolves into Anti-Magic Domain]

[... your Fourth Order Blood Manipulation skill evolves into Fifth Order Blood Manipulation].

Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction after receiving the three Soul Record notifications.

he level gap between him and Sonnata was simply too large. Worse yet, the difference of three whole Orders was not something Bai Zemin could casually challenge; particularly considering that the distance between the Fourth Order and the Fifth Order was not "merely" 200 levels but rather there was a transcendental difference between them.

"Therefore, the simplest and most effective method to deal with this kind of enemy is..." Bai Zemin suddenly stopped as he felt an aura behind him.

With no change in his expression, Bai Zemin turned around and calmly gazed at the person in front of him.... Rather, the angel in front of him.

Two wings covered with pure white feathers about 2 meters long each, silver- colored armor, a ring of light suspended a couple of inches above his head...

"It's been a few months since we last saw each other." Sonnata nodded with a friendly smile. However, the murderous intent in his eyes was in no way hidden and he did nothing to hide it.

In Sonnata's eyes, Bai Zemin was dead.

This was not about arrogance, it was simply a natural and universal law.

Never since the creation of life has there been a Lower Existence capable of defeating, let alone killing a Higher Existence; this was so even if the difference in levels was only 1.

Bai Zemin nodded calmly, and after a moment of silence, he said slowly, "You have become weaker."

Sonnata's eyes flashed with a hint of hatred but his smile was still bright as always. It seemed to be a racial trait of angels.

He pointed out with a chuckle, "I had to go through that damn portal in order to follow you here so naturally I'm weaker than before. Nevertheless, I'm still strong enough to crush an impertinence or two."

The murderous intent in the angel's eyes increased exponentially as he finished these words.

As if he did not see his opponent's murderous intent or as if he did not feel the pressure the other party was exercising on him, Bai Zemin smiled faintly and said, "Since that is the case why are you still here? Shouldn't you go chase after that so- called impertinence?"

Sonnata stared blankly for a moment before bursting into laughter, "Hahahaha! You really are the best! Hahahahahaha! Bai Zemin, I admit that at least as a clown you qualify to touch the emotions of us Higher Existences; even though you are just a Second Order Lower Existence!"

Bai Zemin said nothing. He also did not take the initiative to attack. His plan depended in part on the actions of his enemy, unfortunately. It could not be avoided; the difference in power between the two sides was simply too wide and Bai Zemin never thought of himself as an invincible existence.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Enough of the horseplay. The talk ends here." Sonnata suddenly stopped laughing and the smile on his face disappeared without a trace. He glared at Bai Zemin viciously and growled, "I never thought my life would be forfeited to kill aninsignificant ant. This is my bad luck... But none of that matters. If it is for the Army of Heaven and its prosperity I will follow the Lord's command."

He used to see all Lower Existences as ants and therefore the feeling of hatred or appreciation towards any of them was something he had never stopped to think about. However, Bai Zemin was different.

From the beginning until now, Bai Zemin repeatedly disdained and scoffed at the Army of Heaven and God. These two points were things that Sonnata absolutely could not ignore.

In Sonnata's eyes, God was absolute and the Army of Heaven was the legion charged with guarding life in the entire universe. Therefore, if God said that someone had to die then that someone must die!

"You are not the first Higher Existence wanting to kill me." Bai Zemin looked at him unblinkingly and pointed calmly. His voice was indifferent as if he was talking to a subordinate of his and not a prestigious angel who had lived tens of thousands of years, "The question is... can you?"

"Hehehe... You're asking me if I can kill you?" Sonnata smiled slightly. A hint of disdain shone in his eyes as he extended his hand outward, and as a spear of white light began to take shape, he said, "You are strong. I can admit that. Among the other Lower Existences, you could easily be the strongest of all. However, you overestimate yourself!"

If Shangguan Bing Xue or other members of the Transcendent faction who fought alongside Bai Zemin on various battlefields from the beginning were present they would definitely shake their heads at what Sonnata had just said.

Overestimate himself? It was quite the opposite! Bai Zemin often underestimated himself to the point where even Lilith found it exasperating!

Bai Zemin said nothing regarding whether he overestimated himself or not. Instead, he nodded and said, "In that case show me how you, a proud angel of heaven, can dismiss this humble Lower Existence."

"You finally said something worthwhile!" Sonnata raised the spear of white light over his right shoulder. Even though they were over half a kilometer high, the land parted even before his attack left his hand, "All those who oppose the Army of Heaven will die!"

Boom!!!!

There occurred a terrifying explosion that directly swept the sky and all the clouds within hundreds of kilometers disappeared without a trace.

Bai Zemin only saw a flash of white light flying toward him. Nothing else.

Dodge?

Defend against it?

It was absolutely impossible to react.

When Sonnata threw his Light Spear it was as if space-time was torn apart, sending the Light Spear to appear in front of Bai Zemin in an instant.

Just when Sonnata thought his work was done, his pupils contracted slightly as what he saw made him doubt himself and his sense of sight.

Bang!!!

Like a crystal glass falling from the clouds, the Light Spear containing over 300 points of a Fifth Order angel's Mana exploded into countless pieces just half an inch from Bai Zemin's chest.

Thousands of tiny white light particles floated in the sky for an instant before vanishing without a trace.

At the same time, a notification flashed in Bai Zemin's eyes

[The 'anti-magic' effect of your Anti-Magic Domain skill was successfully activated].

Bai Zemin was incredibly nervous inside but on the surface he seemed indifferent. It was only after receiving the notification that the effect of his Anti-Magic Domain succeeded that he could sigh a sigh of relief in his heart.

After all, Sonnata was 3 Orders above him!

In other words, the Anti-Magic Domain effect only had a 50% chance of triggering successfully! Bai Zemin was walking on an extremely tightrope right now. If Sonnata fought by throwing Light Spears from a distance then Bai Zemin would definitely die today.

No matter how powerful he was, he simply could not react to the speed of those spears; there were gaps that simply could not be casually closed no matter how talented or monstrous one was.

Despite all this, Bai Zemin remained calm and thanks to his newly evolved skill knew that there was only one path that would allow him to survive and defeat his opponent despite the monstrous disparity between the two.

"This is how you plan to kill me?" Bai Zemin sneered mercilessly, "If the Army of Heaven is full of trash like you then I will personally take it upon myself to make them disappear in a few years."

"What was that...?" Sonnata muttered in shock, staring at Bai Zemin as if he was looking at a ghost.

"What was what?" Bai Zemin suddenly rushed over as he tightened his grip on his spear. With a fierce expression on his face,he roared, "Quit all this chattering and die!"

At the same time, a flash of purple lightning fell from the clouds and struck Sonnata mercilessly.

Both Lilith and Bai Zemin did not know if they would make it out alive. But regardless of how powerful their opponents were, the odds of living were definitely not 0!

The battle had finally begun!