Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Immortal Barbarian King?!" Fire Sorrow exclaimed in shock.

She wasn't the only one feeling this way. It didn't matter if it was Uriel or Michael, they both doubted for the first time their Lord's words.

Such a thing... Such a thing cannot be true...

After all, the Immortal Barbarian King already...

Medes shot out like a rocket from a distance. His body was not damaged in the slightest making it evident that the previous attack was still far from being heavy enough to draw blood from a soul evolver in the Eighth Order.

Of course, Medes did not run away.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

With a spine-chilling expression, the God of Heaven closed the distance between him and his opponent with a speed that simply could not be comprehended by other people. In the eyes of Lilith and the others, it was as if Medes had teleported a couple of kilometers.

An ancient-looking sword, with a wooden handle, and whose blade was corroded appeared in the God of Heaven's hand. It was obvious that what happened before shook the heart of this powerful Leader to the point where he probably did not want to use purely magic attacks again.

Medes did not give the black-robed man time to react. He took advantage of the speed boost and slashed diagonally forward: "[Sacred Light Slash!]"

The sky momentarily lit up as a semicircle of white light shone out. This semicircle flew towards the man in black at light speed and advanced with enough vigor to crush any mountain before even touching it.

Although the man in black seemed to be unable to follow Medes' speed with his eyes, his combat experience was clearly on a different scale.

He raised the giant black sword in front of him, covering almost his entire body just before Medes' sword slash split him in two.

BOOOOOOOM!!!

The man in black was sent flying, disappearing from everyone's sight in an instant. A few seconds later, the ground a couple of kilometers away began to rumble ferociously and a large cloud of dust rose up into the clouds.

Although Medes should feel happy that the physical attacks worked against his opponent, no smile could be seen on his face.

Uriel and Michael looked at each other in shock.

"Lord, you..." Uriel hesitated as if she wanted to say something but couldn't bring herself to say it.

Medes looked at his sword for a moment before sighing. He turned his eyes to Lilith and said in a cold voice, "Brat, you really don't plan on taking us all out of this place? What you're doing is declaring war on an entire faction."

"Hahahaha!" Lilith laughed as if she was listening to the funniest joke in the world. She glared at Medes with a hint of disdain in her eyes and said coldly, "Now you regret blocking my way back to Earth? You are no different than a monstrosity. Since you are bent on killing the man I love it's only natural that I won't let you live, don't you think? Zemin has only been evolving for about 2 and a half years but you are such an eager old thing... Today you will definitely die!"

Medes shook his head and pointed out, "Even though this person was somehow able to bring me back to the Sixth Order while I faced him he still isn't close to being able to fight me."

If anyone else heard what the God of Heaven just said they would undoubtedly doubt themselves. However, reality was cruel and often surpassed fiction.

He, a soul evolver at the peak of the Eighth Order, could now only release power equivalent to a peak Sixth Order soul evolver!

It wasn't that his previous level had been swallowed up or anything, Medes realized that a great part of his records got locked automatically when he fought against the man dressed in black and wielding a giant sword.

Nevertheless, Medes wasn't too worried. That's because after sending the man in black flying he realized something striking.

"He is only equivalent to a level 400 Fourth Order soul evolver."

"The fact that you still underestimate the others because of their low levels really leaves me speechless." Lilith looked at Medes with a touch of pity and said indifferently, "My man is only a level 100 soul evolver but he has still slapped your face several dozen times in such a short time without you being able to do anything."

Medes wanted to say something but suddenly his expression changed slightly.

"Your stupidity and arrogance will be the reason for your downfall." Liltih dashed to the horizon and quickly walked away while leaving a few words behind, "Fight and try to get out of this alive. My friend hasn't had a good fight in a long time!"

Just before disappearing, Lilith sent a voice transmission to Fire Sorrow: "Get away from this area. Also, don't let Uriel help that fuking God of Heaven."

At the instant when Fire Sorrow wondered if Lilith really thought that the man in black would be able to defeat Medes, a great change occurred.

A beast-like roar echoed from the distance. This roar was charged with murderous and malicious intentions to the point where Uriel and Fire Sorrow whose physical bodies were relatively weaker due to being pure mages were forced to retreat several hundred meters.

"[Full Moon Sword!]" Medes did not dare to underestimate the incoming enemy despite his earlier words.

God advanced instead of retreating, and at the same time as the image of a full moon appeared in the sky behind him, his ancient sword glowed. Even at over a kilometer high, the power of the rusty, crude-looking sword had already shattered the land and opened countless large cracks.

However -

BOOOOOOOO00000000OOM!!!!!

When the ancient sword in Medes' hands clashed with the giant black sword in the hands of the long red-haired man there was an explosion several levels above a nuclear blast.

Pale white lights fiercely collided with blood red lights for several fractions of seconds as hundreds of tiny black cracks leading to the void opened up around the center of impact.

In the center of the chaotic space, Medes gritted his teeth and tried to press down on his enemy. He could not believe the tremendous physical strength the other party had; his bones were starting to make cracking sounds!

The eyes of the man in black were red perse, but at this moment they shone fiercely like spotlights in the midst of darkness. His expression was not unlike that of a demon recently out of hell, and as he gazed at the enemy in front of him he roared again as if he had lost his mind completely.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!

A new explosion sent Medes flying backward more than 1 kilometer without any wounds. However, just as he managed to stabilize himself he felt the wind ahead humming in his direction so out of pure instinct he raised his sword and activated a barrier-like skill.

The barrier-like skill barely held its ground for 0.01 seconds before it got shattered by the black sword. The sword continued unchallenged and finally collided with Medes' sword again.

BOOOOOO000000000000M!!!!!!

Like a kite whose string was cut, Medes was sent from the sky to the ground mercilessly.

BANG!!!!!!!

It didn't matter if it was Uriel, Michael, or Fire Sorrow; all three looked at the several kilometer wide crater formed after Medes' fall in disbelief.

It had only been a moment since Lilith had left but things had already changed so much!

Suddenly, a large wind cyclone began to gather around a point in the sky.

Looking towards that specific point, the three of them saw the man in black swinging his giant sword while holding the piece of fabric. The giant sword whirled like a whirlwind on top of his head and moved so fast that it was impossible to discern its blade shape. At the same time, countless wind blades formed in the surroundings and seemed to merge with the black sword.

"This bastard!" Michael took a step forward and readied to attack when suddenly Medes' somewhat tense voice sounded from the bottom of the crater.

"Catch that woman... If you can't capture her alive then just kill her!"

Michael stopped.

He wasn't stupid even though he was extremely arrogant. At this point, Michale realized that the man in black was an enemy that even the God of Heaven could not ignore so the only way to ensure victory was to take care of the source of the problem.

Wasn't it Lilith the one who lured them here using the power of her Firmament Fragment?

Michael's six wings suddenly turned into flaming wings and without a single word he flew in the direction where Lilith had disappeared a couple of seconds ago. His speed was so overwhelming that he left a line of fire in the sky behind him.

Uriel looked at Fire Sorrow and said in a serious voice, "Right now we-"

"You think I'll let you go up to help him?" Fire Sorrow interrupted her with coldness.

... For better or worse we were friends for many years." Uriel frowned slightly and tried to reason with her, "Besides, our relationship was never particularly bad."

"You should have thought of that when you stopped me earlier." Fire Sorrow shook her head and pointed in the opposite direction to where Michael flew in pursuit of Lilith, "Because of you, the possible reincarnation of the only man I ever loved in my life is in danger right now. Even if it is a possibility I still can't forgive you for this. Follow me, I will not let you intervene in this battle even if you beg."

Fire Sorrow didn't wait for an answer and directly launched herself towards the horizon. She wasn't afraid that Uriel won't follow her.

In fact, Uriel didn't dare not follow her. If she interrupted in the current battle she would be left open for Fire Sorrow to attack her, and Uriel knew that Fire Sorrow's destructive magic attack power was insurmountable; she would end up half dead if she were careless.

After sighing deeply, Uriel chased Fire Sorrow without saying a word. She did not fly but moved on the ground as if she had realized something after seeing Lilith and Fire Sorrow running instead of flying.

This world that had been in relative peace for the last few years after so much death finally became active again. Moreover, the three battles between the six different beings were enough to bring this poor already destroyed world to the brink of collapse once again.