Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Obion World.

Although Sonnata was dumbfounded and could not understand how it was possible for a weak and insignificant Lower Existence to invalidate his Light Spear he was still a Fifth Order angel. However, just when he was about to continue attacking something happened that took him completely unaware now that his mind was not in optimal condition.

Boom!!!!

Sonnata howled in pain as the Soul Record's Soul Punishment struck him from the sky. His body staggered as if he was about to fall from the clouds, his skin was scorched, and his silver armor was almost completely destroyed.

The whole world seemed to be tinged in purple and the Ravens rumbled as if they were about to collapse. The purple lightning not only covers the angel's body but also stretched out for abwit 300 meters; that's how thick the lightning that fell from above was.

It was evident that this was not just a normal Soul Punishment but a more powerful one than usual. In fact, there were levels of Soul Punishments, but unfortunately, Bai Zemin did not know this information.

Bai Zemin had already activated Overlap Regeneration so his body was currently surrounded by a faint layer of golden light and even his hair and eyes turned slightly golden. With his Agility and Strength increasing by over 7000 points each, he dashed straight towards the purple lightning.

The distance between Sonnata and Bai Zemin was a few hundred meters so it was closed in no time.

After the initial pain and even though he still felt his body weakening at abnormally high speeds for every passing second, Sonnata began to laugh out loud.

"Hahahahahaha! So what if you set up a time-up array? I only need a couple of seconds to finish off an ant like you!" The pain caused by the purple lightning tormenting and shattering his soul caused Sonnata's handsome and elegant face to distort into a fierce, almost demonic expression.

What he saw, however, brought his laughter to an abrupt halt.

Anyone struck by the Soul Punishment regardless of whether they were a level 5 Lower Existence or a level 800 Higher Existence would lose their most powerful records.

However, far from backing away, Bai Zemin advanced.

If Lilith or Fire Sorrow saw what he was doing they would surely faint from fear and horror. It was well known that when the Soul Record sent Soul Punishment everyone had to stand back; this was the so-called infallible and indestructible iron law!

For a split second Sonnata forgot the pain and hatred he felt. His eyes bulged in shock as he asked himself: 'Doesn't this little bastard know what this purple lightning means?'

The next moment, however, Sonnata rejoiced.

If Bai Zemin was hit by this high-level Soul Punishment he would immediately have his soul shattered! This would save him some minor headaches, as Sonnata still had some doubts regarding the nullification of his Light Spear.

Sonnata was still looking down on Bai Zemin and his prejudice towards the Lower Existences did not tremble; this would be precisely his doom, not Soul Punishment.

Far from feeling pain, Bai Zemin felt pleasure and relief when he went into the area of the effect of the purple lightning. His soul, far from weakening, grew stronger. He felt a kind of joy that almost made him groan with pleasure.

[For the next 15 minutes, all your natural stats get a 20% boost. Because your fleshly body is too weak to withstand the increased power of your soul records you will enter a weakened state for 48 hours after the boost expires].

'It's really like that!' Bai Zemin sighed in relief in his heart. He had really taken many risks in order to fight against Sonnata and for a chance of victory and survival, but there was no other choice; the difference in power between the two sides was simply too great after all.

Until several minutes ago Bai Zemin absolutely would not dare to willingly charge into an area affected by the Soul Punishment. However, after his Immovable Heart skill evolved into Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul things changed greatly.

Bai Zemin already had 60% immunity to attacks aimed at his soul and his soul was greatly strengthened thanks to the passive effect of Soul Manipulation. After acquiring Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul, Bai Zemin suddenly gained another 60% immunity to attacks directed at his soul and his soul grew even stronger.

120% immunity to attacks directed at his soul meant that Bai Zemin could not only completely ignore the status effects of spiritual skills but his soul could not be degraded regardless of the difference in power between him and the other part!

In other words, not even the Soul Record could take away the records he obtained so far after risking his life so many times!

Feeling his stats growing and his overall strength strengthening tremendously, Bai Zemin roared as he stabbed forward with his spear and took the stupefied angel by surprise.

"Bastard!" Sonnata roared angrily. He clenched his hand into a fist and as he punched ahead his right arm got engulfed by a silver-colored blaze, "You're just a foul Lower Existence!"

Soon, the ancient spear wielded by the human and the angel's fist clashed in the sky as the purple lightning crackled wildly.

BOOM!!!!!

Although the clash only lasted a brief instant, the resulting shockwave spread outward for over 50 kilometers and like an enraged beast shattered the earth making the crater below even deeper.

"Pfffft!!!" Bai Zemin was sent flying over 1000 meters as red blood with small golden sparkles sprayed flying out of his mouth. However, as if he felt no pain and as if his life didn't matter to him, he roared and rushed forward again.

The distance of 1000 meters was closed in the blink of an eye and Bai Zemin's spear was already less than a meter away from Sonnata's head.

"[Radiant Light Fist!"] Sonnata roared furiously and struck without holding back at all as he could not believe what was happening.

This blow caused the sky to rumble and a large crack leading to the void opened up as Sonnata's fist approached the bronze spear. Even in the distance of over 100 kilometers there were forests that exploded and disappeared under the angel's power.

Feeling death looming over him, Bai Zemin was not afraid. He activated Ruler of all Matter silently but roared aloud: "[Rending of the Night!]"

For an instant, the world seemed to fall into a stage of absolute silence as even the wind stopped howling.

In the sky, the golden point of light gripping tightly to the spear surrounded by dark flames collided with the silver point of light as the purple lightning around both of them crackled fiercely.

BOOM!!!!!!!!!

"Impossible!!!" Sonnata howled as he took a step back to mitigate the power transmitted out from his right fist.

Bai Zemin was sent flying backwards again and once again couldn't help but spurt blood from his mouth. His left arm was twisted into an impossible angle which meant that it was obviously broken.

However, this time he was only pushed 500 meters.

While there was still a big difference compared to Sonnata who had only retreated one step, compared to being sent flying 1000 meters in the first collision it was much better.

Sonnata did not lower his head completely but glanced at his shoulder moving his eyes. The proud angel felt all the rules and laws he knew from the moment he first picked up a sword were shattered when he saw his slightly cracked armor from which a trail of white blood was silently sliding down.

"This is impossible..." He muttered to himself.

"What are you mumbling for a while now?!

Bai Zemin's voice from 500 meters away sounded like thunder in the ears of the arrogant Fifth Order angel. Sonnata couldn't help but feel a twinge of dread when he looked in his direction and saw what he did.

Bai Zemin's left arm had been deformed and broken so he could only hold on to his spear using his healthy one. The armor there had broken and the bloodied bones were in plain view, piercing the broken skin. However, Bai Zemin did not seem to feel pain as his expression did not change at all.

Bai Zemin made a rough movement and an extremely horrifying and terrifying sound rang out from his left arm as his forearm bent all the way back due to the beast-like movement.

Pieces of flesh and blood fell from the sky, but Bai Zemin ignored it all. He resumed his attack stance after "repairing" his arm in a way that sent shivers down Sonnata's spine and roared like a possessed beast: "[Infinity Devouring Armor!]"

Sonnata's pupils trembled slightly at the sight of the dark flame armor that came out of nowhere and covered his opponent's body. He could feel a terrifying amount of defensive power coming from it.

"You are just a princess warrior who has not experienced the cruelty of the battlefield for so long but you dare to look down on those who dance between the edge of swords daily?! You are ridiculous!" Bai Zemin charged as the blurred image of a crimson wolf appeared behind him and his previously restrained murderous intent exploded outward like a tidal wave.

[God of War's Partial Possession activated. Physical and magical attack power +800].

[The side effects of God of War's Partial Possession activation are greatly weakened by the power of your Soul Manipulation and Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul skills].

As Sonnata grew weaker with each passing split second and felt shocked by the aura the human in front of him emitted, Bai Zemin's voice thundered in the sky and spread out for several kilometers.

"Domain!!!"

Two golden eyes opened in the sky and gazed at Sonnata coldly like an emperor looking down on an ant. It was obvious that these eyes did not belong to a human but to a wolf.

Sonnata's level kept falling and his most powerful records were being destroyed by the purple lightning at a speed six times faster than normal due to the effect of the array made by Kali. However, when Bai Zemin activated his other domain Sonnata received another big knockback.

[Your killing intent is lower than your opponent's therefore you are affected by the power of the Wolf Emperor's Domain. All your stats -20% in it]

Sonnata staggered as a huge wave of exhaustion hit him.

[Level 448...] [Level 447...] [Level 446...] [Level 445...]

Bai Zemin appeared in front of the Fifth Order angel with his body slightly leaning forward, and while stabbing with his spear, he roared, "[Rending of the Night!"]Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The battle had begun only seconds ago but seemed to be about to end!