Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Lilith could feel the aura of a Seventh Order Higher Existence rapidly approaching her. However, she did not panic at all and kept pushing her speed just enough but not too much, thus saving as much Mana as possible.

In a normal battle, Lilith probably couldn't win against Michael without paying a great price. At the very least, she believed her chances of victory were below 50%.

At the end of the day, Michael who was known as the Archangel of Fire was the holder of a divine flame. The problem was that this divine flame was not just any divine flame but was a 100% damage- focused one that would become increasingly powerful as its user became more enraged.

Against Michael's flame, Lilith was certain that the power of her Firmament Fragment left behind by the Ice Goddess Skadi would be negated by at least 90% not to mention her normal ice-like skills.

However... This was only the case under "normal" circumstances.

Lilith's lips curved slightly into a bewitching smile, but the coldness in her eyes was so chilling that if Michael who was chasing her saw it he would probably think twice about his next moves.

After playing the cat and mouse game for several minutes with one chasing and the other being hunted, Lilith finally stopped dead in her tracks.

Seconds later, Michael flashed and appeared in front of her.

"I want to see where you run to now." He said coolly as he waved his hands towards the sky, "[Prison of Eternal Light!]"

A beam of white light descended from the crimson sky, in an instant covering over 300 kilometers. Lilith and Michael were covered by the light in a heartbeat."This Prison of Eternal Light is a skill that all angels in heaven have. All of us followers of light obtain this skill immediately upon entering the Army of Heaven." Michael sneered as he looked at Lilith as if he was already imagining her desperation, "This skill allows us to lock down an area and isolate it from space law for a certain period of time, and even I won't be able to leave for the next 30 minutes. Any enemy below my level can forget about leaving this place... Do you know what that means?"

Lilith's eyes glittered mysteriously as she gazed at Michael. No one knew what she was thinking.

Michael frowned slightly at how calm she was and for some reason began to feel a little uncomfortable inside.

"I will subdue you until you meow like a kitten!" Michael raised his fiery spear and growled loudly, "[Fire Lord Descent!]"

Lilith stared as Michael's entire body suddenly turned into a kind of flaming spirit. His size grew approximately double as did his spear, and the temperature within several kilometers grew so much that the surroundings became swampy.

Die!

Even though Michael had become a little giant, his movement speed absolutely wasn't something to scoff at. One would expect his general dexterity except for his physical strength would drop, but nothing could be further from the truth.

Lilith only saw a flash as out of pure instinct she raised her sword and slashed forward.

BANG!!!

She was pushed back several tens of meters, but even before she could stabilize herself Lilith could already feel the burning heat of her opponent's spear about to pierce her belly.

"[Ice Nova!]"

A flash of white light expanded outward with Lilith as its center. Michael did not dare to underestimate this attack but also did not retreat, instead, he pushed hard while roaring at the top of his lungs.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The fire spear met the ice nova launched by Lilith, creating a massive explosion that pushed both of them backward.

The surrounding area immediately became a mess. Half of the battlefield was covered in ice while the other 50% changed into a world of fiery lava.

Lilith's right arm burned almost black while a layer of ice covered Michael's body, weakening the power of his flames and greatly restricting his movements.

At first glance, it would seem that the two came out more or less evenly matched, but the reality was different.

"Your ice skills are useless against me, you vermin." Michael's voice sounded indifferent but Lilith could hear the disdain in his words.

His body of flames suddenly burned fiercely, making the layer of ice covering his silhouette begin to melt rapidly. Not even five seconds later, all the ice that restricted him disappeared without a trace; not even steam was left behind, all of it was devoured by the flames.

On the other hand, Lilith's scorched right arm was still like that and she would probably take a good amount of time to heal this wound. After all, this was a burn made by a divine flame that was raised beyond the Fifth Order and could be considered a true divine flame in contrast to Bai Zemin's divine flames which were still weak.

"Surrender and come with me," Michael ordered as he looked down at her.

Lilith seemed to feel no pain at all as she let out a chuckle, "Old man, it seems like you have lived so long that you are now getting completely delusional."

"You won't shed tears until you see your coffin!" Michael raged and the power of his flame grew.

In an instant, the two were once again entangled in fierce combat.

Explosions echoed inside the prison of light and the ground sank so deep that a 100- story building could be completely covered by the crater there. Shockwaves spread everywhere, hitting the white light walls hard and causing them to tremble as if they were on the verge of collapse.

Blazing flames and ice-cold blast waves flew everywhere, colliding with more and more intensity. At the same time, Michael's spear and Lilith's sword were like two blurs in their hands.

Lilith was forced to defense from the very beginning of the fight. She was pressed by her opponent's fierce and extremely lethal attacks to the point where even breathing was impossible.

As a matter of fact, Lilith did not dare to breathe for fear of the other party's flames breaking into her system.

It was well known that fire could to some extent suppress water regardless of the form of the latter. At the same time, of course, water in its different states could suppress fire just as light and darkness could devour each other; two faces of the same coin.

However, Michael's fire was not just any fire. He was in possession of the most powerful divine attack flame! Moreover, Michael had many fire-like skills that were instantly boosted by his flame!

In fact, it was a miracle that Lilith was still able to fight face-to-face with Michael for so long. Any other ice mage would have succumbed long ago!After an unknown amount of time, Lilith and Michael disengaged as if they had reached some sort of tactical agreement with each other. There were several wounds on Lilith's body, as well as some bleeding holes. The most terrifying thing was that no liquid blood was coming out of the holes but a deep red steam; she was being ignited from the inside! One could only try to imagine how immense the pain she was feeling was, yet her expression did not show that.

"You... You're using more than just mana," Michael muttered to himself as he observed Lilith's condition carefully. This time, even someone as arrogant as he was had to admit that if he continued to hold back, he might die facing a Higher Existence that was easily 200 levels and an Order lower than him.

There was a faint layer of blackish-colored ice covering his body, but this time Michael was having difficulty getting rid of it completely. Although he had only lost about 8% of his motion and freedom, he wasn't too worried as he only needed a few minutes to fully recover. On the other hand, his opponent certainly wouldn't last much longer.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Bitch, you..." Michael narrowed his eyes and said slowly but firmly, "You're not from our dimension at all, are you?"

"As expected of a high Archangel. Your knowledge is quite extensive, hehe." Lilith looked like she was on the verge of collapse but her eyes were shining brighter than ever.

"What kind of crap energy is this?" Michael frowned and ignored his opponent's mockery. He was surprised to discover that even without being attacked by Lilith, he was still suffering. The layer of ice covering his body kept fighting his flames as if it were alive!

Lilith scoffed at the sight of Michael spending large amounts of his mana to push the power of his flame. As long as she was alive and willing, her enemies could forget about breaking free of her ice.

"Will?" Michael suddenly thought of something, and his expression abruptly changed. He gazed at Lilith in shock and shouted, "You rat!"

"Hahahaha!" Lilith burst out laughing and looked at Michael as if she was looking at a clown, "You finally figured it out? That's right, this place is my world! My home was destroyed years ago! But I don't think I need to say this, or do I?"

Michael realized that this was all much more serious than he initially thought. He was sure that even the God of Heaven hadn't realized the problem yet... No, no one in the entire universe they came from had realized how immense the problem was! However, he soon calmed down.

"Hmph. So what if you can use mana and will? It doesn't change the fact that you will die today!"

"Just before you said that, you Heaven's Angels get this skill called Prison of Eternal Light after joining the Army of Heaven." Lilith ignored Michael's words and said with a hint of ridicule, "On the other hand, we members of the Demonic Army have a skill called Racial Root... Unlike you arrogant angels, our faction can still revert for a certain period of time to our former race."

Having been an enemy and opponent of the Demonic Army, Michael naturally knew what Lilith was talking about. However, he couldn't help but scoff.

"So what if you can go back to your previous race? You're a high-ranking demon and have powerful racial records right now. If you change your race now, you will only weaken or lose some of your current traits."

"If I hadn't joined the Demonic Army and wasn't a Succubus, you might be right." Lilith sighed and shook her head. A moment later, however, her lips curved slightly into a smile full of charm as she said, Unfortunately for you...''

Lilith activated Racial Root, and soon Michael understood what she meant by those words.

"This is a little secret of mine, I hope you keep it to yourself... Oh, well. You won't be able to get out of here alive so whatever." Lilith muttered as her whole being underwent a tremendous change.