Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Nine-Tailed Fox & Will of the Empress!

Lilith's original world was her rightful home. Michael's expression changed repeatedly as he silently observed the astronomical changes that the female, no more than a few hundred meters in front of him, was undergoing. If Bai Zemin were present, he would probably be very shocked at the current look of his lover.

Lilith's long straight hair was always something Bai Zemin praised, often even holding some long strands between his hands to smell it as it had a truly unique and soothing scent. At this moment, that jet-black hair had remarkably changed. Her head was full of white hair so long that it reached all the way down to her lower back, just inches away from covering her butt. Even more striking, however, were the two extremely beautiful, hairy ears that stood out at the top. Behind Lilith, a total of nine long, fluffy tails swayed gently as if they had a life of their own. The nine tails were born in the coccyx area and extended outward, growing thicker and larger as they spread further out.

"Now do you understand what I wanted to say before?" Lilith's voice hadn't changed at all, but in some way, he couldn't pinpoint at the moment, Michael felt a kind of sweetness seeping silently into his heart. Even he didn't realize that his murderous intent and eagerness to end her life had almost completely subsided.

"Demons, more specifically speaking, succubi, are a race whose Charm stat is by nature vastly higher than that of the greater majority of other races. Yet, there are at least two races within my meager and pitiful knowledge that are definitely no less charming than succubi," Lilith explained with a mild smile. Her previously ruby-colored eyes had become two beautiful blue sapphires that sparkled with unmatched charm and temptation.

Michael looked stunned as he lost himself in her eyes, and probably without realizing it, his Fire Lord Descent skill which increased the damage of all his other fire-related skills by 250% turned off. While this skill was tremendously powerful, Michael would never be able to activate it again in this battle as skills this strong were often coupled with severe punishments or long cooldown times.

Lilith continued: "Succubi are a race whose charm is focused on arousing the lust of any living being whether male or female. There is also the elven race, whose Charm stat is not inferior to succubi of the same level but whose focus is more sacred and pure in comparison."

A sort of pinkish mist began to slowly float from Lilith's tails. Each time a tail swayed gently and gracefully the amount of pink mist in the area increased, and with the help of the dry wind, it slowly spread everywhere.

"Finally, the fox race." Lilith did not stop smiling as she spoke slowly even though her body had several wounds and burns. Her smile was so ravishing that even a man with a heart of ice would melt on the spot, "As you've probably already noticed, I'm a ninetailed fox. Foxes are divided into ranks and are identified by the number of tails they have, with one-tailed rank 1 being the lowest of all and nine-tailed rank 9 being equivalent to royalty... Unlike the lustful charm of the succubi and the pure charm of the elves, foxes' charm is more noble and suffocating; to the point of snatching the air that others breathe."

Lilith finished speaking and raised her left hand in a leisurely manner.

Seeing her pointing in his direction, Michael finally seemed to snap out of the daydream he had fallen into. Seizing that moment of lucidity, he immediately bit his tongue hard and jumped back.

Not even a second later, a large ice spike over 200 meters high broke through the ground and rose up threatening to pierce the sky. If Michael had not retreated just moments before he would definitely have been pierced by the ice pick and suffered at least intermediate- grade injuries.

Another feature worth emphasizing is the fact that Lilith's ice was not dark in color as before but was sapphire in color just like her beautiful eyes.

"My my... What a pity. Hehehe!" Lilith let out a giggle as she slowly lowered her hand and retracted her extended finger.

"Bitch...!" Michael bit his tongue hard as he realized that his body was beginning to overheat in a strange way. He immediately pulled out a dagger and ferociously stabbed his right thigh mercilessly.

Michael howled in pain. His scream spread for miles inside the Eternal Light Prison that he himself erected to restrain Lilith.

She did nothing to stop him. Glancing at the red-colored dagger whose blade was covered with some green fluid, she said still smiling, "Legend-grade treasure and poison that drives pain through the nerves? Too bad, it won't help you much."

Large beads of sweat formed on the Fire Archangel's forehead and slowly slid down his now pain-deformed face. One could only try to imagine how bitter the pain he was feeling to regain his reasoning and to scream the way he did.

"You filthy beast!" A tornado of red flames burned around Michael's spear, soon turning into an oriental dragon that even enveloped him, "How dare a foul beast seduce a Heaven's Archangel?! Hand over your life as the price!!!"

"Filthy and foul beast?" Lillith looked a bit surprised as if this was the first time someone called her that way. She simply shook her head and continued to smile a moment later despite the huge fire dragon charging towards her, "[Domain - Will of the Empress!]"FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

When Michael heard the word "Domain" he immediately became alert. Any Domain of Power was nothing to scoff at as it took many interconnected laws in mysterious ways to give birth to a Domain; even Michael himself had only comprehended a Demi-Domain in all this time as he was hell-bent on comprehending one of extremely high level.

To his surprise, however, nothing seemed to change.

Usually, when a Domain is activated the zone and the vicinities are immediately affected and even the very flow of mana changes. At the very least, the activation of a Domain was accompanied by supernatural phenomena such as the appearance of ghostly images or flame worlds and the like.

Being sure that Lilith was just feigning to scare him, Michael whose body was inside the huge fire dragon roared and stabbed with his spear fiercely.

Lilith waved her hand forward and expended a good amount of Mana at the same time as she used the power of her Will stat to boost the power of her ice- like skill: "[Ice Palace!]"

A huge castle-like structure appeared out of nowhere. The ice castle was over 100 meters tall and its cold aura froze everything within 400 kilometers. Had it not been for the light barrier erected by Michael that isolated this area from the rest of the world, the effect would definitely have been several times greater.

The giant fire dragon collided with the ice castle, and for several seconds there were no explosions or colossal disturbances. The fire dragon writhed fiercely and tried to advance at the cost of devouring the ice castle, however, the ice castle had a defensive power that did not lose to the attacking power of the fire dragon.

Fiery red lights and icy blue flashes spread throughout the barrier for almost half a minute before everything returned to normal.

Both the giant fire dragon and the huge ice castle had disappeared without a trace. They had canceled each other out.

Michael was surprised when he saw this result. He had already tested the overall strength of the woman in front of him while they were fighting before so he had a good idea of what she was capable of and what she was not.

Even if Lilith had used Racial Root, her stats hadn't changed. Michael was sure that any abrupt increase in power certainly wouldn't go unnoticed by him.

All things considered, Lilith definitely shouldn't have been able to block his previous attack...

'So, what's going on here...' Michael's nose twitched oddly as he thought to himself.

Despite his surprise and doubt, Michael's movements did not slow down at all. On the contrary, he fully proved to be an excellent melee warrior and made superb use of his Agility stat.

In just an instant, he had already stabbed, slashed, and swung his spear over 100.000 times! Lilith's entire body was covered by his spear's images!

However, the unpleasant surprises did not end there for Michael.

BANG!!!!

BANG!!!!

BANG!!!!

BANG!!!!

...

Lilith's tails swung as if they were extremely flexible but at the same time extremely hard whips. She did not move from her position at all and continued to smile bewitchingly as her nine tails waved at lightning speed, leaving afterimages all over the place as they met head-on with the endless spear attacks made by Michael.

Realizing that he could not gain any advantage at all despite the fact that his opponent was clearly a mage, Michael roared in anger and opened his eyes wide. His attack speed seemed to rise, but to his utter disbelief, he still wasn't able to break Lilith's defense in the slightest. His spear was inches away from piercing her head, but just at that moment a tail swung from her back and pushed the spear back. Another attack seemed to be about to pierce her heart only to be conveniently parried away by another tail. Abdomen... legs... shoulders... thighs... no part of Lilith's body was free from danger, but those nine tails that seemed to have a mind of their own completely deflected and blocked all attacks.

They continued like that for several minutes, which was not very strange. Michael knew that a battle between two equal entities could easily go on for days, weeks, and even months in the worst case.

However, a change suddenly occurred. Swoosh! After blocking Michael's spear, one of Lilith's tails swung fiercely and sliced forward. "Ugh!" A flash of disbelief shone in the archangel's eyes as a gush of blood shot out from his now pierced shoulder.

'She's getting faster! She's getting a lot faster every second it continues!' Michael couldn't help but begin to feel a little frightened for the first time. However, he was completely wrong. Lilith wasn't getting faster at all, as she had already used her Agility boost skills and certainly didn't have a skill like Overlap Regeneration. Lilith was still smiling slightly. Her sapphire-colored eyes narrowed as she focused entirely on controlling her nine tails.

Michael did not notice that all around him and in the entire area, a pink-colored mist had silently spread out. In addition, the air he was breathing was extremely sweet, so he was subconsciously sucking in large amounts every time he inhaled. As a consequence and without him realizing it, his movements were getting slower and slower!