Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The giant surrounded by layers and layers of metal looked like a sci-fi robot but with no technology and just pure strength. Its arms were the size of a grown man and its legs were so wide that only three people together could wrap their outstretched arms around it. Moreover, just the pressure emitted by its overall size was enough to make most enemies sink in despair.

"That's me."

Bai Zemin heard the voice of a middle-aged man from inside the metal robot. Although it was a human's voice, due to the sheets of metal surrounding it sounded like there were several people inside as the echo rang out all over the place.

"And who are you?" Ye Qigang asked brimming with murderous intent.

Even before the apocalypse, he had never been offended and all those who tried had paid the consequences. After evolving through constantly absorbing Soul Power and acquiring skills, his self-confidence had become a lot higher.

Although he knew that the young man in front of him was strong enough to defeat and kill a group of nearly fifty armed men and even survive the explosion of four hand grenades, Ye Qigang had such an ability as well.

"Me?" Bai Zemin stepped forward and coldly replied, "The person who took care of a small shrimp named Yang Pei. The person who slaughtered all the men who accompanied him. The strongest fighter in the group that killed the dog by the name of Lei Su. The boss of the man who is currently taking care of that little monkey Du Meng... But more importantly, the person who will kill you!"

Ye Qigang's heart shook in a whirlwind of churning emotions when he heard the young man's declaration before him. However, he did not have time to think too much as his passive skill Danger Sense caused his entire body to tremble in fear and he unconsciously raised both of his mechanical arms in the shape of a cross covering in front of him.

Bai Zemin appeared in front of the giant robot and swung his right fist forward without holding back in the slightest.

Boom!

Although Ye Qigang had managed to react quickly thanks to his passive skill Danger Sense and thanks to his own combat experience, even with the protection of layers upon layers of metal he was unable to withstand the power of Bai Zemin's fist boosted 32% by his Blood Will skill.

The metal giant was sent flying backwards uncontrollably, losing several pieces of armor in the process.

Bang!

The outer wall separating the main mansion from the rest of the village was noisily smashed as Ye Qigang hit it violently. He couldn't help but cough out a mouthful of blood and his eyes flashed with disbelief.

His First Order Metal Control skill allowed him to control metals almost at will so he moved the armor with his skill, not his physical body. With this armor, even bullets would not be able to harm him in the slightest and his total defense was simply terrifying!

But even then, the aftereffects of the force resulting from the blow was not something his armor could withstand. Much less Bai Zemin's strength which was greater than that of 20 grown men! This kind of strength was not as simple as 20 grown men hitting the same place with separate forces, all that strength was compressed into his body and the power behind his fists was simply dreadful!

Bai Zemin was about to charge forward and even with little Luo Ning in his embrace, he was confident of ending his opponent's life easily. However, a magic circle appeared on the ground below him and he hurriedly dashed to the other side just in time.

Bang!

A large earth stake two meters high rose out of nowhere and pierced skyward. If he had taken a fraction of a second longer, the magic earth stake could have pierced his body.

Ye Qigang was strong, however, he was different from Bai Zemin; who had faced death countless times after so many clashes against existences more powerful than him.

Before Ye Qigang could even stand up completely, Bai Zemin's 201 Agility points carried him in a second right over the metal armor. With a gaze as cold as ice, he stomped down with all his might!

BOOM!

The ground caved in, and the metal armor's chest area sank down horribly unable to withstand the pressure. Inside, Ye Qigang felt his world spun around and began to cough blood uncontrollably at the same time as blood came out of his ears and eyes.

"I heard that you like to mistreat people just to release your frustration? I also heard that you have abused several women in the same way that your three dogs have..."

The demon's voice rang in his ears and when he looked up to the sky he saw that Bai Zemin had already jumped more than five meters high and was currently pointing at him with his right hand.

"Let your sins burn... In hell!" Bai Zemin sneered and the Blazing Ring on his index finger glowed with a crimson shade.

Under Ye Qigang's terrified eyes, a blaze of fiery crimson fire flew in his direction at full speed. Even from afar, he could sense death as his passive skill Danger Sense urged him to flee in a hurry!

Unfortunately, the current him had already been mortally injured by Bai Zemin's fierce attacks. His power and his speed and concentration to control his skill had been severely affected as a result.

Crimson flames surrounded the three-meter metal armor completely and Ye Qigang's howl coming from the flaming giant echoed throughout the village.

Standing several meters away on the roof of a two-story house, Bai Zemin looked at the scene in front of him and listened to the cries and curses of his enemy with indifference. In his cold dark eyes, the crimson flames reflected like the representation of hell on earth but even then his emotions were not moved in the slightest.

The metal began to melt from the magical flames coming from the Blazing Ring and even before they reached Ye Qigang inside it only the heat had begun to burn his skin and deform his body horribly. The feeling of being burned alive was so unbearable that even he, who had been tortured once in the past and had his face cut off, could not bear it!

Because activating his Metalic Control skill required concentration, he could not send the metal armor anywhere else and could only cry out in pain as he writhed all over the ground.

The dark starless night, with only the light of the full moon as witness, blazed with crimson flames as the piercing howl of a human became unbearably terrifying, scaring all the survivors who heard it.

About a minute later, the flames were completely extinguished and the metal giant had melted into a liquid puddle. As for Ye Qigang, there was no trace of his existence.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Ye Qigang level 22]

[Blood Will: 33%/50%]

With his sword at his waist and a little girl sleeping in his embrace, Bai Zemin coldly snorted before walking towards the place. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The strongest boss of the four had died just like that, with only two strikes from Bai Zemin and the activation of a treasure that made him suffer the horror of hell on earth.