Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Obion World.

Light Spears covered the sky, forming a strange sealing pattern from which it was impossible to escape no matter how high the Agility of the caster's opponent was. Each Light Spear had enough power behind it to flatten entire cities and turn everything within a radius of over a hundred kilometers into dead land.

The sky lit up white each time a Light Spear exploded after advancing to the center of the formation, and in an instant, it was as if countless flash bombs exploded simultaneously as the entire world seemed to be tinged with white.

rumble...!!!!

In the center of the tens of thousands of spears, Bai Zemin barely managed to overcome the danger he faced thanks to the power of his Air Manipulation skill. The second activation of Air Manipulation, Immortal Shield, was multiplied xiooo times thanks to the active effect of Ruller of all Matter.

If not for his three most powerful active defensive skills, Bai Zemin would not even have endured half a blink of an eye after being assaulted by the endless sea of Light Spears. Even then, he was by no means unscathed.

Even with the powerful effect of Immortal Shield, as well as the power of the Infinity Devouring Armor and Ruler of al Matter, it was absolutely impossible to come out unharmed after tens of thousands of Light Spears formed by the power of a Higher Existence. However, when Bai Zemin managed to close the distance between him and Sonnata he couldn't help but feel that it was all worth it.

The lower half of his body had disappeared without a trace, almost half of the left side of his body was nowhere to be found to the point where 1/4 of his heart had been crushed, the radiant brightness of the light spears had burned his face beyond recognition. His Health had dropped dangerously low to the point where even keeping his consciousness was difficult... and yet, he felt it was worth it.

"DIE!!!" Gazing at Sonnata who was less than two meters away, Bai Zemin roared with a fierce expression on his face as he used both his arms and hands to thrust his spear forward.

With an equally fierce expression, Sonnata pulled out a spear from his storage ring and stabbed forward as his half-destroyed body gushed blood everywhere, "The one who will die first is you! [Radiant Sparkle!]"

Sonnata had four spears piercing through his mid-upper body and his legs had been turned into pulp after being pierced so many times. However, his vitality was still high as a powerful Higher Existence.

[Level 404...]

[Level 403...]

Without Sonnata noticing, the bronze spear in Bai Zemin's hands suddenly glowed with a strange silver color that quickly disappeared as if it had never appeared in the first place.

"[Rending of the Night!]"

"[Decimation of the Moon!]"

Bai Zemin activated two skills with practically no difference from each other.

Sonnata's pupils trembled slightly when he saw a beam of silver light flying in his direction from the tip of the enemy spear. However, he soon scoffed in his heart.

Even if Bai Zemin was hiding this attack from the beginning, there was no way he could do anything to him!

A beam of golden light as bright as the sun met in the middle of the sky with a beam of silver light as beautiful as the moonlight.

RUMBLE!!!!!

Volcanoes more than 500 kilometers around erupted, mountains collapsed, giant cracks opened up on land, and fiery lava hidden beneath the earth exploded to the surface with unstoppable power. The sky rumbled and space twisted like a sheet of paper before thousands of cracks opened in all directions.

Looking from a distance the sky looked like a shattered mirror with countless black cracks spreading everywhere.

Even though the power of the skill Decimation of the Moon attached to the Godslayer Spear was certainly very powerful, Bai Zemin's opponent was a Higher Existence in its own right. Perhaps the outcome might have been different if the gap between the two sides was not this large, but the Radiant Sparkle skill released by Sonnata did not take long to suppress the Decimation of the Moon released by Bai Zemin.

Fortunately, Bai Zemin was not so arrogant as to think that he could fight head-on against an angel's attack and was already prepared for this. Just a breath before being hit, he barely managed to tilt his body slightly to the side.

BANG!!!

The beam of golden light pierced through the dark flame armor and pierced Bai Zemin's chest like a hot knife cutting butter. From a distance, one could see how the beam of golden light pierced through his chest and exited through his back, then disappeared into the distant horizon without a trace.

Just as Sonnata was enraged to see that his attack had left a fist-sized hole in the center of Bai Zemin's chest but failed to shatter his heart to pieces, his expression froze and a flash of horror and disbelief shone in his eyes.

'This bastard is... smiling?'

It all happened too fast, not even two seconds had passed since the two of them clashed. Therefore, Sonnata had no time to react.

Among the endless spatial cracks scattered everywhere, a spatial crack small to the point of being ignorable silently appeared less than 10 centimeters away from Sonnata.

'Fucker-'

BOOM!!!!!!

A beam of light similar to the silver beam of light except completely black as a shadow came out of the spatial crack. Although Sonnata caught sight of it, his physical wounds, his constantly degrading soul, as well as the short distance made it impossible for him to do anything to protect himself. However, being a Higher Existence, he still reacted and his body began to move so that even if he were hit he would definitely not die.

It was then that an enormous gravitational pressure flooded him from all sides and two words flashed in his trembling heart.

Gravity Manipulation!

Sonnata had forgotten that Bai Zemin had that skill in his arsenal!

Not only that, Sonnata ignored the power of Gravity Manipulation since as far as he was concerned it would never be able to harm him considering that Bai Zemin was so weak. However, Obion World's greatly increased gravitational power around him worked correctly for the purpose Bai Zemin needed.

Sonnata was restrained for 0.01 seconds... and that was more than enough in this case.

From a distance, one could see a beam of black light shattering some Light Spears and flying over 50 kilometers into the middle of the bright white sky. The beam of black light shone for a couple of seconds before slowly becoming thinner, disappearing completely an instant later turning into a thin line.

A second later, the tens of thousands of Light Spears disappeared leaving no trace. The cracks heading into the void gradually began to patch up, and eventually the sky regained calm once again.

Barely standing upright in the sky, Bai Zemin gazed intently at the body floating in front of him.

A second later, the mana holding Sonnata in the sky seemed to disappear, and as if losing all its strength, it fell under the powerful gravitational pull.

Watching the headless body falling from the clouds, Bai Zemin could not help but close his eyes with a relieved expression.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Fifth Order 'Sonnata' level 401...]

Other than that, Bai Zemin did not have the strength to see if there were any more notifications or not.

His heart had been partially destroyed, his lower body had been 100% blown to pieces, a large hole in the center of his chest pierced his body from side to side and the luminous energy from Sonnata's attacks still continued to mercilessly harass him even after Sonnata's death... Honestly it was already a miracle that Bai Zemin could stay conscious let alone be in a position to pay attention to the Soul Record's notifications.

He would take a closer look later.

All his effort, all that fighting, all that risk was for that single attack...

In that brief second, Bai Zemin replayed the entire battle in his mind and couldn't help but feel extremely blessed and grateful despite the miserable condition he was currently in.

He had to cloud the angel's mind with anger, taunting him again and again; only then could he have hope of survival and victory.

Then, Bai Zemin was forced to rely on that 50% chance of nullifying magic from his Anti-Magic Domain. If Sonnata had kept his distance or attacked with Light Spears all the time Bai Zemin absolutely would not have had even a 1% chance of surviving, let alone killing him.

Finally, Bai Zemin made Sonnata think that his strongest attack was Rending of the Night, an attack that in a melee battle was practically impossible to counter. In a sense this was true, but Sonnata did not know that Rending of the Night was not simply a space attack but also a shadow duplication which could copy 100% of any physical or magical attack that Bai Zemin activated.

Were it not for the fact that he had made perfect use of his main skills, if just a single one of those skills he used in the fight were missing... Bai Zemin knew that his end would have been no different than that of a stray dog or even worse.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Of course, it was also more than clear to him that luck played a very important role in this battle apart from his combat dexterity and combat wit.

Just as Bai Zemin opened his eyes and prepared to rest and recover from his wounds, a gigantic magic circle suddenly appeared in the sky above his head.

A beam of bright white light charged into the center of the giant magic circle, and if one looked from a distance one would see Bai Zemin right in the center. The difference in size was so massive that it wasn't even funny.

His pupils contracted fiercely as he felt the flow of mana inside that magic circle. Bai Zemin identified the person who was casting this spell and he was completely overwhelmed by a strong feeling of death.

In his current condition, it was absolutely impossible for him to fight again!

Bai Zemin had only raised his hands above his head when the huge beam of light fell from the clouds and swallowed him into it. From a distance it was as if a giant pillar of light fell from the heavens, shattering everything in its path like a divine punishment.