Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Worlds destroyed where all life had perished years ago.

Explosions shook the earth constantly, enlarging the already colossal size of the crater that stretched more than 300 kilometers into the distance. Burning lava rose to the surface from the subway, and as it came into contact with the icy water that ran hundreds of meters underground it produced steam explosions powerful enough to destroy a small town and obliterate all life there.

In the distance, a thick, glowing white barrier descended from the sky and covered a wide expanse of land so that nothing inside could escape or connect with the outside. The walls of the luminous barrier were actually as thin as a slim sheet of paper, yet its strength was such that even the explosion of multiple nuclear bombs would be insufficient to break through it.

Inside the barrier, a battle of epic magnitude continued to unfold for almost 30 minutes. The speed at which both beings were moving was so high that anyone would be dazzled and stunned at the sight of two flashes moving and disappearing continuously.

BANG!!!!

BANG!!!!

BANG!!!!

BANG!!!!

...

After returning to her master race, Lilith continued to fight against the Fire Archangel Michael. Even though she was one Order and many levels below, she controled her nine tails to perfection in such a way that no matter how fast her enemy's attacks were they could not break through her defenses at all.

Her nine thick, fluffy tails were like silver-white blurs, moving at high speeds and leaving afterimages whenever they clashed with Michael's fierce attacks.

Except for the wounds she suffered at the beginning of the battle, Lilith had not been hurt again by her opponent. Still, this did not mean that she was in good condition. After all, Michael's divine flame was still burning her from the inside and causing her hellish pain even though her smile never wavered.

The same could not be said of the proud and arrogant Archangel of the Army of Heaven.

During this time, Michael was sure to have activated no less than 60 skills. Among the activated skills were some that would boost the power of his next attack, some that guaranteed a single critical hit, some that increased his attack speed for a short period of time, some that were purely destructive, etc.

However, for the past five minutes or so, Michael had stopped using skills and, for some reason he didn't know, only focused on his spear.

'I... Why am I fighting her?' Such a thought suddenly flashed in his mind.

T should serve her. Worship her. Such an elegant and noble queen like this is worthy of being my partner. Only she has the qualifications. I should bow my head and show her my goodwill.'

With each passing second, Michael's thoughts became more and more strange to the point where he was starting to forget the reason he was fighting to begin with.

Michael's movements slowed down for a brief instant, but the next moment he snapped back to life as a wave of excruciating pain suddenly hit him.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

'No! I must kill her no matter what!'

Michael wanted to put some distance to take a breath but he suddenly realized he couldn't move. Looking down, his eyes trembled as he saw a thick layer of sky-blue ice encasing his feet.

'When did she...?'

In a high-level battle, distraction was taboo.

Michael realized his mistake, and out of pure battle instinct already fully carved into his bones he barely managed to tilt his body to the right.

Swoosh!!!

Michael saw only a flash of white light shining beyond his body followed by the most beautiful voice he had ever heard.

"[Void Slash.]"

Michael's dazed expression turned to one of panic and pain as out of the corner of his eye he saw his left arm flying apart. His white blood splattered everywhere and out of his mouth came a howl of insufferable pain before he knew it.

"[Sea of Flames!!]

Lilith wanted to continue attacking but she didn't dare to play with Michael's attacks so immediately she protected herself using her nine tails now each covered by nine ice layers.

BOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The Eternal Light Prison trembled fiercely as if it was about to collapse and its interior was immediately dyed red as flames burned everywhere. Thin black cracks began to cover the surface of the barrier as proof that its power was about to wear off.

After melting the ice that imprisoned his feet, Michael immediately moved back in a hurry instead of continuing to attack. In an instant, he jumped and put a distance of over 300 meters from Lilith. While gazing at her intently, Michael was forced to seal the wound on his severed left arm using fire so intensely that several grunts of pain came out of his tightly closed mouth.

A few seconds after the sea of flames disappeared, the nine tails surrounding Lilith slowly opened outward. Lilith was like a beautiful rose in full bloom whose petals opened to show the world the beauty hidden inside.

Michael wanted to insult her and say words he considered hurtful, but when he saw such a scene he gasped.

Lilith looked at him with amusement and a charming giggle leaked from her pink lips, "Lord Archangel, don't tell me you fell in love with a filthy and foul beast like this one?"

"Falling in love? Me? With you?"

Michael muttered with an expression of disbelief.

To his surprise, however, he suddenly found himself unable to reject the thought. Quite the contrary, the more he thought about it the more he felt it was right and when he realized it he was even more horrified.

Gritting his teeth so hard that the inside of his mouth began to bleed, Michael could barely gather his willpower to mutter: "You vixen...! What did you do to me?!"

"It's a relief to see that you feel nothing but disgust for me." Lilith softly tapped her chest and sighed as if relieved to hear Michael's insults. She smiled slightly and said in a voice that brimmed with charm and allure, "My heart only belongs to one man, and it's definitely not you. It would be problematic if you suddenly became another annoying fly after all hehe!"

Michael frowned slightly, completely forgetting the pain of having his left arm cut clean off from the shoulder down. He didn't much like what she said.

"Isn't that kid just a brat who doesn't know anything? An insignificant Lower Existence who by now has probably already been killed by an angel from Heaven."

Lilith's expression did not change upon hearing this. However, a flash of murderous intent stronger than ever shone in her sapphire eyes and only she knew how terrified and scared she was in her heart.

If she could focus 100% on the battle in front of her, Lilith was sure it would have been ended minutes ago. However, she simply could not stop thinking about Bai Zemin.

'You little scoundrel, you must live no matter what else I won't forgive you!'

She began to walk step by step, closing the distance with Michael gradually. Her nine slightly scorched tails swished elegantly behind her as she said with a faint smile, 'The man I love can not only satisfy my selfish heart with positive emotions but can also satisfy my physical body, which would definitely never be satisfied with that little worm of yours down there... Ugh, it made me want to puke just from saying that and I mean it."

Michael's expression froze for a moment but in the next instant, an intense feeling of embarrassment engulfed him, almost driving him to insanity.

Because his entire body was riddled with wounds after being cut by Lilith's nine tails, by her sword, and occasionally by deadly weapons made of ice, his armor had practically disappeared after almost half an hour. Therefore, a large part of his skin was visible; including that part of him.

In fact, this kind of scene was quite normal when two soul evolvers of similar level met on the battlefield. Often armor would break so seeing their opponent naked was not uncommon, however, no one cared since at the end of the battle one of the two sides would die and their records would be absorbed by the victor.

Michael himself was no stranger to such scenes. However, he could not help but feel ashamed this time after hearing what Lilith said and a strong feeling of anger, as well as inferiority, hit him squarely in the chest.

Lilith sneered in her heart. She had naturally seen many men and women throughout her life, as the number of battles she fought was something that Bai Zemin could not compete with. However, her thoughts never wavered as she knew very well that those enemies were destined to become dead meat.

Michael would soon be a broken corpse a piece of incomplete flesh. Viewing it from this angle, why should she care about what she saw?

"Time to finish." The earring Bai Zemin gifted her suddenly glowed slightly, and a bubble enveloped her and Michael for a split second.

In Michael's eyes, Lilith in front of him simply disappeared.

Due to the lingering effect of the Domain 'Will of the Empress' that affected his senses and clouded his thoughts to a great extent, Michael was in a daze and could not react immediately to what was happening.

When he heard that beautiful, sweet voice behind him, Michael did not feel joy as before but rather his heart fell to the bottom of a pit of ice.

"Finale."

In the center of the soundless Eternal Light Prison, a sharp, clear sound of something tearing echoed and persisted for several seconds.

Michael felt an immense amount of pain, but when he tried to lower his head his eyes widened and his pupils shrank. His mouth opened against his will and his throat swelled before a great torrent of blood gushed out flying from his mouth, soaking the ground and part of his body.

Finally, Michael looked down stiffly and his face grew even paler.

A thick white fluffy tail had pierced his back from behind and now extended beyond his chest. The soft fur of the fluffy tail became blood-soaked, dripping softly onto the earth.

Each time a new drop of blood fell into the puddle, the sound they made sent shivers of terror down the spine of the formerly arrogant Archangel.

Lilith swung her tail ferociously, sending Michael's body flying ruthlessly.

Michael's body rolled like a broken doll on the ground, splattering blood everywhere. Weakly, he tried to stand up. However, thick ice chains suddenly appeared and bound him firmly to the shattered ground.

A thin but curvaceous shadow rose above him, making his eyes tremble fiercely as his terrified and disbelieving gaze met the cold and indifferent eyes of the woman in front of him.

This was the first time in many years that Michael had felt death so closely; he hadn't felt this way even when they were attacked by the ghost left behind by the Heavenly Wolf Sirius.

The current Lilith did not smile and her sweet and loving eyes were like bottomless holes that reflected nothing but coldness and indifference.

She raised her sword so that the hilt pointed to the sky and the tip to the ground while the nine tails on her back swayed gracefully.

"Do you regret now to have blocked my way when I wanted to go looking for Zemin?"

Michael opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but Lilith didn't care about his answer.

She stabbed downward, easily piercing the center of the extremely arrogant Archangel's forehead with such vigor that the tip of the sword soon dug into the earth below.

"Go grieve in hell," Lilith muttered withan indifferent expression, slowly withdrawing her bloody sword from heropponent's head.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Seventh Order 'Lord of Flames Michael' level 900. You cannot level up again until you complete the class evolution requirements, thus, all Soul Power will be saved and released after you become a Seventh Order existence]

[Congratulations, you have received a new title!]

[You have been awarded the title 'Conqueror of Archangels!]

"Eh?" Lilith was surprised when those familiar notifications in green letters flashed in her eyes, "Soul Record? Here of all places? ... How is this possible..."