Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After ending Michael's life, despite her confusion over the connection she still shared with the Soul Record, Lilith could not help but stumble backwards.

Her pale face made her look like someone suffering from a terrifying terminal illness and her previously steady and unwavering eyes finally showed signs of hesitation.

She was really tired. Too damn tired.

Exhausted physically, mentally, and spiritually. Not to mention that her injuries were not light at all.

Using her sword for support, Lilith slowly knelt on the shattered ground. She gasped for oxygen to fill her lungs but it didn't do much good because every time she tried to breathe the fire- like energy still persisting deep inside her organism wouldn't stop tormenting her.

"My luck is really bad this time." Lilith smiled bitterly and shook her head as she quietly contemplated, "Any other archangel probably would have been fine. Michael's flames simply cannot be suppressed by my frost skills."

Although she was constantly trying to cool her body using skills charged with frost magic, the results weren't turning out to be particularly successful. Lilith assumed that even if she spent all her remaining Mana she would probably only be able to recover 30% at best.

An aura of pale green light gently surrounded Lilith's delicate figure, giving her an extremely gentle and warm charm. Surprisingly, the dry and destroyed land where no life could be born showed signs of blossoming when this light appeared, though only faintly.

She condensed a green orb in her palm and brought it to her chest, boosting her healing greatly.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Even then. I'm afraid I'll only be able to fully recover after clearing the energy left behind by Michael." Lilith sighed sadly, "Unfortunately there is no mana here. Even if I can recharge my Will now it won't be convenient to use some skills."

After a long time, a glint of worry flashed in her eyes. The pale light still shone around her, and as she looked at the black land under her knees she whispered in a way that laid bare how weak she felt in her heart: "Zemin... You have to survive. You must."

Lilith won't be able to bear such a great loss. Not a second time.

A few minutes later, Lilith slowly stood up. She frowned slightly at the pain eating away into her bones and flesh but still said nothing. Looking off into the distance, she muttered, "Looks like they're still at it..."

Despite the distance of over 1000 kilometers, Lilith could still hear the earth-shaking explosions. She could even faintly see flashes of light glowing on the distant horizon, proof that the other battlefields were in full bloom.

After a moment's thought, Lilith did not leave immediately but walked towards Michael's corpse.

First, she took his storage ring and kept it for herself; she would check her loot later. Then, she put away the spear that Michael wielded for over a millennium.

Once she cleared all the valuables from the corpse of the once mighty and arrogant Fire Archangel, Lilith narrowed her eyes and said in a nonchalant voice, "I know you can still hear what's going on outside and I know you understand what I'm saying."

...

Except for the howling of the wind,Lilith got no response from anything or anyone. However, she continued, "Form a temporary contract with me. This way you will not have to consume your records to maintain yourself, I will provide you with my Mana or Will, and in return, you will help me eliminate the fiery like energy in my system."

During more than five minutes, Lilith just stared straight ahead. If anyone else was present they would probably mistake her for a crazy woman whose brain ended up fried under the flames of her opponent.

Fortunately, Lilith was not an inexperienced young woman but despite only being less than 100 years old she had already experienced enough hardships to make her understand that haste and lack of patience often led to waste.

Suddenly, Michael's lifeless body glowed with a faint red radiance. The temperature in the surroundings immediately rose several levels to the point where everything within twenty meters began to turn into steaming hot lava.

Lilith put some distance at the same time as her surroundings became blanketed by a light but powerful mist of frost, freezing the ground and even the air.She narrowed her eyes at the small blood-red fireball floating nearly two meters above the fallen Archangel's corpse, "Looks like you're willing to do a little negotiation after all."

A rather fierce sounding voice thundered in Lilith's head: "Brat, you said you want to enter into a temporary contract with me? Hahahaha! I don't know whether to call you stupid or daredevil... Most of your records are composed of ice and cold energy type skills but you want to form a contract with the most powerful attack flame? You might as well kill yourself now to spare yourself some pain later!"

Lilith wasn't too surprised even though this was her first time interacting with a divine flame. She knew from Bai Zemin that the stronger a divine flame became the higher its level of consciousness would be, and he wasn't too far away from successfully making the Endless Blue Lotus Flame in his possession able to communicate with him.

"You don't need to worry about that. I have this with me." Lilith extended her free hand forward and a small fragment similar to a strange rock floated above her palm, "With this holding me up I should be fine for at least 1 or 2 years, don't you think? You won't even lose at all.

The red-colored divine flame floated silently for almost a minute before Lilith heard that fierce voice again, now lighter than before.

"Even though you have a Firmament Fragment with a bit of immortal energy left behind by some ice kid I still won't enter into a contract with you."

"What?" Lilith frowned as she didn't expect that answer.

"Little girl, I've lived longer than you or any being alive today could even imagine, and I'm afraid I'm the only one left of mine along with the Eternal Rebirth Flame who is following that girl of the phoenix race. I have only followed two beings in my long life, this child Michael whom you killed was the second." The voice seemed to sigh as if recalling events of the past. After a short pause, it continued, "Even though that boy Michael was a bit arrogant he still met the requirement to become a user of this Flame of Burning Wrath through his personality. I won't contract just to continue to exist; it was like that before and it's like that even today."

A sparkle of understanding shone in Lilith's eyes and she finally grasped what was going on.

"If that's the case then you do not need to worry." Her lips curved upward slightly and for a moment she forgot the pain that was devouring her from within.

"What do you mean, brat?"

Lilith rolled her eyes secretly, a little unsure whether to laugh or cry at being called a brat over and over again. However, considering the age gap there was no reason to complain so she just ignored it.

"Just before you said you're the only one of your kind next to Eternal Rebirth Flame."

"So what about that?"

"Well, you're wrong." Lilith shook her head. Her eyes flashed with a mysterious light as she slowly said, "Actually, there is someone who already managed to enter into contract with the Endless Blue Lotus Flame and the Heaven-Devouring Flame."

"What?" Lilith heard some agitation in the voice, but even she was unable to state it 100%. "Those two are still alive even now? Impossible! Leave aside the Heaven-Devouring Flame, I know very well that the Endless Blue Lotus Flame absolutely wouldn't enter into a contract with anyone after that kid fell in the First Great War back then!"

"But that's the truth." Lilith shrugged and said indifferently, "Besides, this person and the two divine flames didn't enter into just another random kind of contract but rather it is a Soul Contract in which their lives are directly linked."

"You... Wait! You said that person entered into contract with both of those two at the same time? Impossible! Absolutely impossible! Girl, you dare to monkey with me?!"

BANG!!!

Lilith suddenly stepped back and a wary expression shone in her eyes. She waved her hand and formed a large ice sphere around herself just an instant before she was devoured by a sea of burning fire.

What happened? Lilith didn't understand what was happening.

They were just talking and it seemed to be going well but suddenly this thing happened... She just couldn't find where the problem was. However, she knew what started it.

"Is it too strange for a person to enter into a contract with two divine flames at the same time?" she asked after a moment of silence.

"Hah!" a scornful laugh echoed within the sea of flames, its location untraceable, "Even if I told you there's no way a baby as you could understand! Let me tell you something, even if this little multiverse you live in were twice as old as it is it would still be just a little baby in my eyes! Two divine flames at the same time? Peh! Even a Heaven Merging stage would blow up into a million pieces!"

Lilith sucked in a breath of cold air upon hearing the words of the Flame of Burning Wrath. She did not doubt what she had just heard, because she knew that all divine flames were extremely proud after awakening self- consciousness and there was definitely no need to lie given the circumstances.

Even if everything was twice as old it would still be a newborn in front of the age of the fire in front of her? Lilith shuddered at what this implied, particularly upon hearing two new words that were definitely not from around here.

"Hmph. You finally know now." The voice echoed throughout as it coolly said, "That's right. All of us divine flames come from the place you know as Golden Domain. There are some things I can't say since we all reached an agreement with that person hundreds of millions of years ago, that's why-"

Suddenly, the voice stopped abruptly as if it had suddenly thought of something. Lilith slowly frowned and couldn't help but wonder if something was wrong as even several seconds later she didn't hear any words again.

After a long time, the Flame of Burning Wrath spoke again. However, it sounded a bit strange... Lilith could have sworn it was trembling slightly.

"You... You're not lying to me?"

Lilith nodded faintly, "Of course."

This conversation with the Flame of Burning Wrath didn't reveal anything too clear, however, it did serve as a clue to a few things. To be honest, Lilith had a guess or two at this point. However, she didn't dare ask questions and temporarily could only remain in doubt. If there was one thing she was certain about at this point it was that Bai Zemin's identity absolutely was something that was far beyond what she originally estimated.

Obion World.

More than 100 kilometers away from the place where Sonnata and Bai Zemin clashed for the last time.

Hidden behind a Leyend-grade treasure that not only served to hide his presence but also granted great defensive capabilities for a short period of time, the Emperor of the asura race looked at the blaze of white light falling from the sky with a serious expression on his face.

Thanks to this Legend-grade treasure that took the form of a bracelet, Thannath was able to withstand the terrifying shockwaves and stray attacks exploding relatively close despite being only 100 kilometers away from the battlefield throughout this time. If it wasn't for his treasure he would have definitely died when the first shockwave hit, however, that human actually fought head-on and killed that angel!

"To think that he actually killed that trash angel... Damned monster." Thannath clenched his fists tightly as he muttered with lingering fear, "Fortunately I prepared this eight-circle spell. I can't let this brat live longer or he really will be my bane!