Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The giant beam continued to blaze for almost a full minute. Its glow illuminated the sky with a warm white color, and if one were looking from over 500 kilometers away one would probably mistake the radiance in the sky for some sort of good omen.

However, often the most beautiful things were the ones that hid the most danger, and one could only roughly learn that upon getting close enough.

Several dozen kilometers away from the area affected by the powerful magic spell, Thannath sighed in relief.

Finally dead.

As far as the Emperor of the asura race was aware, surviving the continuous subjugation of such a powerful magic spell was absolutely impossible. As a matter of fact, even a Higher Existence would probably suffer if this attack was executed at the right time and caught them off guard.

Staring into the crater more like a bottomless abyss in the distance, Thannath could still see white smoke rising from the destroyed earth.

Thannath turned around with intentions of leaving, however, for some reason he stopped. After a couple of seconds, he couldn't help but look over his shoulder with a slight frown on his handsome face.

Obion World was abandoned by the Soul Record, as were its residents. In other words, Thannath like all the other inhabitants of this planet had no way of absorbing records when they ended the life of another living being.

What did this mean? It was very simple if one thought about it; it was absolutely impossible to gain "experience" and therefore Thannath could not 100% confirm the death of his opponents.

Although logic told Asura Emperor that Bai Zemin was definitely dead, that thin thread of uneasiness would not let him take another step and walk away.Just at that moment, Thannath barely managed to catch a glimpse of a white flash deep in the black abyss.

"Shit!!!"

SWOOSH!!!!

A beam of white light as thick as a building broke from the depths of the abyss, soaring skyward with unstoppable power.

"[Door to Anywhere!]"

The fist-sized deep red rock at the top of Thannath's staff glowed and in the next instant his body disappeared without a trace.

A quarter mile away, in the sky, Thannath's body appeared and his expression was fierce as he watched the white beam piercing the area where he had been standing less than a second ago.

"This is...!" Thannath's pupils contracted as he realized that the white beam he was looking at was none other than the same one he had used to attack.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Though slightly weaker, Thannath would never miss a spell that even now had his aura in it.

But what Thannath could not understand was how such a thing could even be possible!

"Damned freak!"

Thannath knew this was no time to be shocked, much less stand still and do nothing. Every second that passed meant one less grain of hope not only for him but for his entire race!

Just as the Asura Emperor prepared to bombard everything with a storm of fierce spells with no care for accuracy whatsoever, a pillar of deep red light rose from deep within the abyss to beyond the sparse clouds.

Thannath sucked in a breath of cold air as he gazed at the pillar of blood - colored light. He, unlike those soul evolvers who generally knew nothing of the laws, could feel all the blood absorbed by the world over thousands of years suddenly rushing into this area.

It was as if something was summoning all the life force of the planet into a single point, and that point was precisely the center of the pillar of red light in the distance.

After several unsuccessful attacks, the Asura Emperor realized that this pillar of light was actually a kind of barrier that was practically impossible to destroy with his current magic power. He estimated that perhaps only the full attack of a Higher Existence might be able to disrupt the ongoing skill.

Thannath sighed and an extremely bitter smile appeared on his extremely handsome face.

"Heavens are really unfair to my asura race... Why do we have to be erased even though we did nothing but try to survive!"

His words were mostly silenced by the strong howling winds swirling around the area, and perhaps because he expected no response from anyone, he silently lowered his staff and waited without saying a word.

A few minutes later, the pillar of blood- colored light slowly began to lose its power.

The already dark land within more than 5000 kilometers around had become completely jet black. In addition, all the forests of gray trees and dry branches simply disappeared in a cloud of dust as if time had accelerated a thousand times to turn them into nothing.

Due to the commotion, a large number of members of the asura race had begun to gather in the surrounding area. Not only the asura race, more than 500 intelligent mutant beasts gathered 20 kilometers away and cautiously watched the pillar of blood light. There were even some spirit ghosts that had come to see what was going on here.

However, perhaps in part because of Thannath's existence in the area, no one came too close and they kept their territories without causing trouble.

Approximately 3 minutes later, the pillar of blood-colored light became a thin line in the sky before finally disappearing completely. The sky which had been in a chaotic situation for a long time finally regained calm.

Standing in the sky but falling slowly, a single figure remained silently right in the center of where the red pillar of light had been shining brightly until just a few moments ago.

Bai Zemin had his eyes closed as he studied his condition. Indeed, he had fully recovered thanks to the use of Immortal's Blood. However, even though he had survived the catastrophe, the price to pay was not small at all.

Moreover, had he not activated Restoration to double his regenerative rate by 100% Bai Zemin estimated that it would probably have taken him at least half an hour or even longer to fully recover.

He was really close as hell to dying this time.

His condition was already extremely precarious after managing to kill Sonnata with great difficulty, so the large-scale magical attack launched by the Asura Emperor only threw salt on the already open wounds and made them even worse.

As a matter of fact, Bai Zemin would definitely have died had it not been for the fact that just a split second before his head was hit, he managed to activate White Hole. Even so, the 30% of the magic power surrounding him that could not be absorbed was enough to shatter him.

Bai Zemin had literally turned into a man who only had a head as a body. His brain was a thread away from shutting down forever, and if that happened Bai Zemin would have died as he could not use Immortal's Blood and Restoration to regenerate his body.

Of course, all of his equipment had been lost this time.

Except for Longinus and the system equipment, anything on Bai Zemin's body had become scrap metal.

Despite being completely naked in front of a large crowd, Bai Zemin strangely felt no discomfort, let alone embarrassment. He noticed that since his Immovable Heart skill evolved to the next stage his mental strength and train of thought had improved to extremely high levels.

In fact, there was nothing to be ashamed of considering the level his physical body had reached... It was just that Bai Zemin didn't know it since he wasn't a woman, to begin with.

''You...'' Thannath looked at the young man standing over 300 meters away with a shocked expression on his face. The Asura Emperor still clearly remembered his first meeting with this young man. However, looking at him now Thannath found it difficult to compare the two even though they were clearly the same person.

"I have to admit that I almost died there." Bai Zemin walked towards the Emperor calmly as he held his spear tightly. He spoke as if he was telling his good friend something and not facing an enemy, "Too bad for you, though. I knew a cunning dog would come out to bite after seeing its mortal enemy on the verge of collapse."

How could Bai Zemin not have added the Asura Emperor to the equation of his plans? This was Obion World and Thannath's territory!

It was precisely because of Thannath that Bai Zemin was forced to evolve Blood Manipulation instead of Golden Bones. Blood Manipulation was of no use at all against Sonnata due to the massive level-Orders difference between the two sides, but Golden Bones evolved to the next stage would have helped greatly increasing Bai Zemin's defensive as well as physical power.

Even then, Bai Zemin did not expect that Thannath's attack would come so soon and with so much firepower. But this was inevitable, as some things simply could not be foreseen and plans were bound to be less than perfect.

Thannath sighed. To Bai Zemin's surprise, this Emperor who almost killed him during their first encounter seemed to have no intention of fighting him.

Seeing this, Bai Zemin stopped 20 meters away.

"I am curious about something." He said.

"What something?" Thannath nodded as if he already knew what he was going to ask.

"From what I understand, a space gate connecting two worlds shouldn't be able to be used that often... How did you do it?" Bai Zemin frowned slightly and finally could not restrain his doubt.

If it were him from more than two years ago he probably wouldn't notice the problem, but the current Bai Zemin had some knowledge about space law and even had some skills that defied great spatial distances. Therefore, he knew that opening a gate that linked two worlds for long periods of time and which could be used to mobilize armies must absolutely have colossal restrictions.

And yet, the asura race clearly succeeded in connecting to another world. Bai Zemin saw it with his own eyes, reason why he ended up destroying a city as soon as he arrived.

Instead of answering his question, Thannath remained silent for a moment before suddenly asking, "Your planet should be in the Second Evolutive Stage now?"

Despite not knowing what the question was meant to be about, Bai Zemin made no secret of it and answered casually, "Third."

"Third?" Thannath was surprised as he could still remember the aura from Earth when the two worlds connected. His surprise only lasted a moment before a mysterious smile appeared at the corner of his mouth, "If that's the case then you won't have long to wait. You will naturally understand that you are but a know-nothing kid, but by then it will be too late for regrets."

Bai Zemin had somehow become much sharper towards people's words, expressions, and gestures after obtaining the Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul skill. To his surprise, Thannath did not seem to be lying nor did he seem to have any intentions of gaining time.

After a long silence, he finally asked with a solemn expression, "What do you mean?"

"Do you really want to know?" Thannath asked with a self-deprecating smile. His expression was extremely bitter even though his words were loaded with disdain, "This information is something that only I, an existence with no connection whatsoever to that damned Soul Record can give you. Even those more powerful beings who call themselves Higher Existences like the angel you just killed could not speak about this or else they would be directly slaughtered by the Soul Record.

For some unknown reason, Bai Zemin felt a bad premonition after hearing Emperor Thannath's words.

He knew that both Lilith and Fire Sorrow had their restrictions. Even if Fire Sorrow kept silent about some things since she was 100% loyal to the Demonic Army, Bai Zemin absolutely believed that Lilith would tell him everything she could to keep him out of trouble and danger regardless of whether it meant betraying the faction she was a part of.

Bai Zemin knew that Lilith was hiding some things. Although he also knew that she was not yet telling him something since it was probably not the right time, he also remembered that sometimes she seemed to want to tell him something but ultimately closed her mouth with a complicated expression on her beautiful face.

Especially recently.