Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Thousands of thoughts and memories flashed through Bai Zemin's head at lightning speed. In just an instant, he recalled scenes and analyzed them along with the words Thannath had just spoken.

Although only a second had passed, he had already managed to point out one or two things.

Besides, it seemed that everything was related to the evolution of the worlds, or at least to some extent it seemed to be so.

Could it be that something big was about to happen? Would it be when the Earth moved into its Fourth Stage or would it be in the Fifth? Bai Zemin frowned deeper and deeper as more and more questions arose in his head.

Thannath simply stood there gazing at him indifferently. He held the title Emperor so naturally he understood better than anyone else what the young man's thoughts were before him.

As the leader of his race and the hope of countless, Bai Zemin could not afford to think only for himself. Even if he wanted and gave up everyone, he still had to protect many people.

Wu Yijun had a family.

Shangguan Bing Xue had her mother.

Kang Lan had her father and a little sister.

Fu Xuefeng had his younger sister.

Feng Tian Wu had her parents.

...

There were simply too many people who needed to be protected. Bai Zemin himself had family, and although no one in his family was weak, he knew that in the face of real chaotic problems, their lives would be as fragile as spring grass under the strong cold torrent of winter.

After a long time, Bai Zemin looked into Thannath's eyes directly and asked in a cold voice: "What do you want? Speak your mind. Keep in your head that I can't do or say anything against the rules. You and this world were abandoned. I can't afford to take great dangers."

"You need not worry." Thannath waved his hand casually. After a brief pause, his expression finally softened slightly as he said softly, "I want you to give me your word that after killing me you will at least try to find a way to help my race."

Kill Bai Zemin? Thannath didn't think it was possible. He had spent 95% of his mana to cast that eight-circle spell but even that was not enough to kill him, what else could he do then? Besides, the young man in front of him just killed an angel!

Therefore, Thannath thought of his race first. Even at the end of the rope he still thought of his people even though he wanted nothing more than to tear Bai Zemin to pieces.

Bai Zemin's expression changed and his eyes flashed with murderous intent.

"Help your race? Didn't you hear what I said? I won't take risks for anyone on this planet; absolutely not for your race of insane killers!"

Help the asura race? No thanks!

Bai Zemin knew that the Soul Record would not tolerate such actions. Even if he had a way to avoid some major problems, he was already enraged and hated the asura race!

Since this was the case, why on earth would he have to go through so much trouble?

Thannath took a deep breath and said, "Promise me that you will at least think about it. I guarantee that when you listen to me your thoughts towards my asura race will be different than they are right now."

After a moment of silence, Bai Zemin nodded.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Speak."

Thannath breathed a sigh of relief in his heart. Although Bai Zemin did not say it openly, Thannath had lived long enough to read the expressions of others.

With a bitter yet disdainful expression, the Asura Emperor began to narrate events of the past.

The more he listened, the more Bai Zemin's expression changed and the more his heart clenched.

* * *

Lilith's birth world.

[The Flame of Burning Wrath has started the contract process. Do you wish to form a temporary Blood Contract with 'Flame of Burning Wrath'? The time limit is 2 years].

Lilith nodded and threw a drop of blood onto the small red flame floating before her.

Soon, both Lilith and the Flame of Burning Wrath felt a bond that connected and united them. It was as if they were lifelong friends.

"Little girl, if when I see that guy named Bai Zemin I find out that you fooled me I will make sure you know the consequences." Said the divine flame in Lilith's head.

In reality, the Flame of Burning Wrath could not kill Lilith. Even Michael failed not to mention a flame that did not have a holder to unleash its full power. However, if the divine flame decided to self-detonate things might become a bit dangerous; particularly now that the Flame of Burning Wrath could simply shelter in her soul.

Even so, Lilith was not anxious in the least. She said in a cold voice: "Whether I am lying or not you will know when the time comes."

The divine flame said no more and remained silent.

The two had talked a few more minutes before and finally came to an agreement, which led them to the current situation.

Lilith had already returned to her previous form. Her hair had regained its shiny black color, the nine tails disappeared along with the two beautiful fluffy ears on the top of her head, and her eyes that had turned blue like beautiful sapphires had regained their former reddish sparkle like that of precious rubies.

Her formerly dominant and noble charm became darker and more lustful again, capable of confusing the minds of men with carnal desire wanting nothing more than to tear off her clothes and feel every inch of her body.

After making sure she wasn't missing anything, Lilith dashed off into the distance in the direction from which she had come before.

The closer she got to the battlefield, the fiercer the explosions became. The earth had sunk to the point where even the Mariana Trench would become insignificant in comparison.

Rivers of fiery lava and freezing water flew everywhere as white-colored void lightning began to flood in from the never-ending tiny but terrifying space cracks.

A few minutes later, Lilith heard a great rumbling followed by a furious roar that shook the earth.

She arrived just in time to see Medes flashing all over the place. His body was wrapped in a layer of white light and his speed was so immense that his opponent couldn't keep up with him. However, Lilith was not overly concerned. She knew Medes' opponent better than anyone else after all.

Medes' expression was serious in the sky. He quickly moved to the side and his body seemed to teleport directly to the left of his enemy.

"[Lightning Glimmer!]"

The ancient sword in Medes' hands crackled as countless white flashes of lightning rumbled noisily on the blade. With a grunt accompanying the swing of his arm, the sword slashed forward and a wound over 40 centimeters long opened up in his enemy's chest.

However, Medes was not happy.

This was because that 40 centimeter long wound was simply too small compared to the size of the enemy!

Medes did not know what skill the long red-haired man activated, but after fiercely exchanging attacks for more than 30 minutes his body had swollen up and in a matter of blinks of an eye he had turned into a giant.

The giant human was an imposing figure, standing tall and proud with a crimson head of hair that flowed down his back like a river of fire. His body was massive and muscular, with broad shoulders and bulging biceps that spoke of incredible strength. But what truly set the giant apart were his eyes - two orbs as red as freshly spilled blood, intense and piercing with an otherworldly glow.

As the giant moved, his crimson hair swayed and danced like flames in the wind, while his blood red eyes fixed on its target with unwavering focus. Despite his size, the giant moved with an agility and grace that defied his massive frame, his movements fluid and powerful. With each step he took, the ground trembled and shook, as if the very earth itself were afraid of the mighty creature that walked upon it. The giant's imposing presence commanded respect and awe, leaving all who beheld him feeling both terrified and enthralled.

Not only had his enemy become a giant over 10 meters tall, but that black sword had also expanded into something similar to a building.

Seeing the white lightning being absorbed by his opponent without affecting him at all even though it should restrict his movements and seeing the wound that he had just given him closing slowly but visibly Medes felt like spitting blood due to the rage he felt.

Even though his attacks were not the most destructive among the eight Leaders since his main focus was mostly on speed, he was still the God of the Army of Heaven!

Actually, the problem wasn't that Medes was weak or anything... The problem was that from the beginning of the battle, Medes had his powers directly limited by two Orders!

What the heck is this thing?! Medes couldn't understand it!

The battle was so tight that Medes didn't even know that one of his Archangels had fallen.

Medes was about to attack again when all the hairs on his body raised and stood on end.

Out of the corner of his eye, he barely caught a glimpse of a flare flying in his direction. Instead of shielding himself, Medes opted to retreat immediately. His movement speed was simply too fast so he wasn't worried about being caught.

However, what happened next was something he did not expect.

"Explode!"

Along with the soft and delicate cry of a female, the flare of fire suddenly exploded and half of the sky was covered in red flames.

Medes was about to sneer but his expression froze when he saw tens of thousands of ice blades covering every retreating path in a kind of fake domain. Only now he understood that the flames were just a cover to hide the real strike!

Worse yet, Medes recognized those flames and definitely recognized that voice!

Using a split second to look into the distance, Medes' face turned pale when he saw Lilith flying towards him with an extremely cold expression and eyes full of murderous intent.

A single thought flashed in his mind.

Was Michael killed...?

Medes didn't dare take his time to think too much and in an instant he made the best decision he could have made. He roared skyward and a huge sphere of white light expanded from his chest outward.

"[Dead Star!]"

The red-haired giant raised his sword to cover himself but was still sent flying hundreds of meters backwards and splattering blood everywhere.

Lilith didn't dare to gamble against this attack either and immediately created a huge ice fortress to protect herself while boosting the structure's defense with Will.

Everything seemed to be covered in white, making it impossible to open one's eyes.

An instant later, the flash of white light disappeared. The entire already destroyed world had become even worse, except that this time all the lava and ice water had disappeared without a trace.

Lilith staggered back several steps before coughing up a mouthful of blood. Her eyes seemed to have been burned as they had turned almost completely red at this point.

The red-haired giant on the other hand really was an unstoppable machine. Although his body was covered in blood, his wounds were quickly healing and with a stomp he launched himself skyward as if he felt no pain or discomfort at all. More importantly, his battle power was still going strong!

Despite having almost lost her sight, Lilith could barely catch a glimpse of a flash of white light moving away while another flash of black light intensely pursued.

"You want to leave? Leave your life behind, you old dog!" Lilith was really furious and without another thought she launched herself into the sky, chasing after Medes who was fleeing towards the horizon. Thousands of thoughts and memories flashed in Bai Zemin's head at lightning speed.

To say that Lilith was making history in her era was not overstating the case!

An Archangel had fallen for the first time in over a million years... Would the God of Heaven fall too?