Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Despite her wounds and though she had been fighting against an Archangel that outranked her by hundreds of levels and a significant Order, Lilith had no trouble keeping her speed at maximum for a certain period of time.

Three flashes of light appeared in the sky, one fleeing and two in pursuit.

The red-haired giant was also extremely fast and occasionally raised his sword in attempts to deliver fatal blows now that his enemy's back was turned. Each swing of the giant sword made the entire atmosphere rumble as if a hole was about to open in the sky.

Yet, the God of Heaven was simply too fast.

Although his overall battle power had temporarily dropped two whole Orders, Medes was the rightful holder of the skill Light Manipulation. Even when he had to take slight deviations or stop briefly to shield himself from the fierce attacks of those pursuing him he had no trouble increasing the distance between him and them more and more.

Approximately 15 minutes later, the three finally found the battlefield of Uriel and Fire Sorrow.

It was unnecessary to say that this part of the world had also been completely razed to the ground to the point where it would take several centuries of time for the atmosphere and laws to calm down. As for the geography of the planet... it would be practically impossible to return to what it once was.

Lilith only saw a large twelve-winged angel that was over 12 meters tall fighting against a sea of fire spears. The giant twelve-winged angel appeared to be surrounded by a cloak of light and had three pairs of arms, each wielding a silver sword over 8 meters long.

The giant twelve-winged angel easily cut through the sea of fiery spears. Although there were at least ten thousand spears, each slash destroyed no less than a thousand so it was only a matter of time before they were all washed clean through.

In fact, the giant angel was so terrifying that it still had free space to approach Fire Sorrow as the sea of spears was destroyed by its attacks.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Fire Sorrow had a serious but steady expression on her face. Her eyes flashed with confidence as she waved her staff and chanted loudly, "[Infernal Devourer!]"

The twelve-winged angel had already destroyed over 8000 fiery spears when suddenly a change occurred in the sky. The deep red spears immediately changed their color and the flames turned into a deep violet color.

The angel slashed with its swords again and the sky was filled with purple explosions all around. Unlike before, however, the twelve-winged angel could only destroy a little more than 400 fiery spears. Furthermore, this time it had to pay a certain price.

That cloak of white light that surrounded the twelve-winged angel and protected it from the flames shuddered as the violet flames struck. The angel was pushed back several steps and numerous cracks appeared on its body, showing further inside it a world of light instead of blood or flesh like any other living being.

It was obviously some sort of summoning.

Just as Fire Sorrow was planning her counterattack she seemed to sense something. Her expression changed for the worse when she noticed the flash of white light flying in her direction, but when she saw the other two chasing from behind her expression changed again.

"Fire Sorrow, stop them!"

Stop them? Fire Sorrow froze for half a second as the sudden changes took her by surprise. However, she wasn't the second in command of the Demonic Army for nothing.

She waved her staff and shouted at the same time as she retreated, "[Thousand Flame Chains!]"

The approximately 3000 remaining fire spears suddenly twisted as the mana composing them changed their sequence from inside. In an instant, the over 3000 spears lengthened and their body changed, turning into huge, thick purple chains.

Fire Sorrow's face turned slightly pale, proof that this attack had consumed a large amount of her Mana. She quickly waved her staff and sent a mental command to the fiery chains.

The twelve-winged angel cut several chains with its swords, but some managed to slip and successfully caught its arms. The giant of light roared furiously and an enormous amount of force burst out from its body, but although it managed to explode some chains, it was quickly imprisoned by a dozen others.

In just a matter of seconds, the twelve- winged angel had its six arms and two legs locked around the fiery chains, making it writhe in pain from the constant damage it was taking.

The twelve-winged angel was not the only one to suffer as Medes was also attacked by the fiery chains.

In the sky, a flash of white light could be seen moving in irregular patterns and zigzagging at lightning speed, appearing and disappearing like a ghost. Thousands of chains of fire chased it and coiled around it like the tentacles of an extremely terrifying monster, covering the dark purple sky within several kilometers.

Fire Sorrow's eyes moved at great speeds as she waved her staff repeatedly, trying to follow Medes' movements while commanding the fiery chains to catch him. However, for every second that passed she realized that her opponent's speed was only increasing more and more.

"Lilith, I can't restrain them much longer!" She shouted with a hint of anxiety in her voice.

The giant twelve-winged angel was about to regain freedom and Medes seemed to have recovered a great portion of his power after fleeing from the red-haired giant. It was impossible for Fire Sorrow to face both of them despite being a demon commander in the peak of the Seventh Order.

Realizing that the two were about to flee, Lilith gritted her teeth and decided to throw all caution to the wind. She wasn't going to hide anything at this point given the circumstances!

A flash of icy blue light shone in her beautiful red eyes as she shouted aloud, "[Niflheim!]"

The whole world immediately seemed to freeze and for an instant, it was as if time itself came to a freeze. An instant later the temperature within thousands of miles plummeted and from the dark sky, huge amounts of icy wind could be seen flooding the area.

Fire Sorrow's pupils contracted fiercely as she could not believe that Lilith would really be so reckless and careless to use that here. Unfortunately, it was already too late to stop her.

Indeed, what Fire Sorrow feared the most happened.

Medes had already restored his power to almost the Seventh Order after not facing the red-haired giant for so long and he was currently only 1000 meters away from reaching the twelve-winged angel.

Just then he felt his movements slow down and his limbs begin to grow stiff to the point that he was several times an inch away from being caught by the chains of fire that were still chasing him from all angles.

'This is...' Medes' eyes trembled and the intense anger he had been holding back all this time finally erupted as he realized something.

He recognized this power!

"Damned succubus! It was you the one who destroyed Petra World and killed tens of thousands of angels!"

Everything within more than 10 kilometers with Lilith as the center had been buried under thick layers of dark ice. Moreover, the ice world was rapidly spreading in all directions and in a jiffy the entire area behind her for over 1000 kilometers was completely frozen over.

Medes was doing everything he could to dodge the fiery chains and did not hesitate to spend almost all his Mana to push the blaze of light around him, barely slowing down the ice world that was approaching at speeds against which even he was helpless.

Just then, the twelve-winged angel roared again and the chains that restrained it were finally completely ripped apart. The explosions and burns had destroyed 4 of its arms and there were countless white cracks spreading all over its body, making it look like a glass doll about to shatter into pieces.

"How dare you!" A beautiful but angry voice came from the chest of the twelve-winged angel.

The angel's body seemed to become transparent as everyone could see the beautiful Uriel floating silently inside the creature's chest. Her white dress with golden engravings swayed gently as did her long golden hair, occasionally revealing her slender, smooth white legs uncovered.

There was a rarely-seen expression of fury on Uriel's ever-warm face. She scowled at Lilith as she waved her hand at the same time her body backed out.

"Since the Demonic Army wants war then war it is!"

BANG!!!

The twelve-winged angel let out a horrible howl as it exploded into pieces, turning into millions of tiny specks of white light that floated around Uriel.

Just as half of Medes' body had been frozen under thick layers of ice, Uriel's cold voice echoed throughout.

"You think you're the only one in possession of Firmament Fragments? I'll show you... [Aflheim!]"

Fire Sorrow's pupils contracted as she shouted, "Watch out!"

Unfortunately, her warning came one step too late.

The millions of specks of light suddenly glowed brightly and in an instant came together to merge into a huge sphere of white light. Most terrifying of all, however, was that the huge sphere of light quickly began to spread out in all directions at light speed!

Lilith's heart also squeezed slightly at the sight.

She had not expected Uriel to be the holder of the Firmament Fragment left behind by the Light Goddess Sunna!