Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Light Goddess Sunna was an extremely powerful soul evolver whose name had become known throughout the cosmos even before the Heavenly Wolf Sirius was born. It was said that her power allowed her to move at such extreme speeds that even turning back time was not far from her reach!

Unfortunately, there was no one alive from that era to confirm whether the rumors and ancient records that had been saved were true or not.

Lilith did not expect Uriel to have the Firmament Fragment of the Light Goddess in her possession. Her ruby eyes immediately dimmed as her gaze involuntarily met the constantly expanding sphere of glowing white light, losing her sight after having both corneas directly burned out.

Her eyes had already suffered greatly when Medes activated his Death Star skill, and the power of Alflheim in Uriel's hands ended her sense of sight completely. Fortunately, this was not permanent in her case, and she would only need some time to restore her eyesight.

Although it was hard to say who would have the upper hand between the Ice Goddess Skadi and the Light Goddess Sunna, the fact of Uriel was a soul evolver an Order and hundreds of levels above Lilith was absolute. Therefore, in theory, Uriel should be at a full advantage over Lilith now that they both decided to use the power of their Firmament Fragments.

Often, however, reality showed us that logic was useless against destiny.

When the world of obsidian-colored ice and the world of pure white light collided, countless black cracks began to open everywhere. At the place where the two supernatural worlds should have met, a thin but terrifying crack appeared, more than 500 meters long, separating the ice from the light as if the will of the world was doing everything possible to prevent its annihilation.

At the same time, hundreds and soon thousands of white lightning flashes slid slyly and soundlessly from within the black cracks. The terrifying white lightning furiously lashed both the world of ice and the world of light, yet these ever-all-powerful void lightning could not easily devour the power exerted by both Firmament Fragments.

Uriel was not surprised by the sights. She had lived millions of years so far so she naturally managed to witness the clash between two Firmament Fragment-holder soul evolvers in the past. But she was surprised by something else.

The beautiful golden eyes of the most beautiful woman under the sky trembled when she realized that the power of her Alfheim was disappearing way faster than the power of the Niflheim released by Lilith.

However, Uriel was one of the wisest and smartest living beings under the stars. In fact, while she was inferior in terms of scheming compared to the Archangel Gabriel, Uriel surpassed him when it came to comprehension and analysis speed.

'This is not mana!' She quickly came to this conclusion.

Before Uriel had the opportunity to think through the ramifications of what this meant, Medes appeared at her side like a flash of light.

"Lord!" Uriel gasped at the sight of his condition.

The current Medes looked nothing like the dignified God of Heaven and lord of angels. Half of his body was still slightly covered under a thin layer of dark ice, his silver robe which was one of the most powerful defensive treasures in the universe had lost several parts, and pure white blood was oozing from his still open wounds.

'How long had it been since someone managed to push him to this degree of misery? Probably when those two fought before they parted so many years ago.' Uriel felt her own heart beating fiercely as fear, horror, wariness, and disbelief flashed in her wide-open eyes.

"We're getting out of here!" Medes said, his voice sounding exhausted and hoarse as if he hadn't spoken in a long time.

Only now did Uriel realize that on his neck was a horrible wound over seven centimeters long. Although Medes missed decapitation by a hair's breadth, his vocal cords were obviously damaged.

"We're leaving?" Uriel was startled. She subconsciously looked sideways and quickly asked, "That's right, Michael? Where is Michael?"

After receiving no answer for a few seconds, Uriel looked at Medes. Seeing the ugly expression on his face and the pain in his eyes, Uriel's face turned as pale as if all the blood in her body had been drained.

"How can this be possible... Michael, he..."

Actually, the thought flashed through her head as soon as she saw Lilith and the red-haired giant chasing after Medes. It was just that Uriel dismissed it as soon as the thought flashed since from her point of view it was absurd.

One had to know that Michael was the Archangel with the most attack power in all of Heaven! Even Medes couldn't necessarily compare to him when it came to sheer damage!

But then again, even if Lilith defeated Michael it shouldn't be that fast... Worse yet, Uriel couldn't believe that she actually dared to kill him!

"This is war." Medes said with red eyes and blood running from the corner of his mouth, "The Demonic Army broke the Hundred Thousand Year Treaty. They will have to answer to all factions' anger."

Uriel was incredibly sad after learning of Michael's death, but what she felt most was fury. Michael was her friend; they had been friends since they first met when they were just little soul evolvers below level 50 and had watched each other's back on countless battlefields!

And yet, that friend who was like a younger brother to her was killed...

"Not only that, Lord." Uriel's voice was so cold it could freeze cities. Her golden eyes seemed to pierce beyond the clash between the world of ice and the world of light as she said in a terrifying voice, "This woman is not from our universe. Lucifer will have to give some answers whether he likes it or not!"Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Suddenly, Uriel thought of something and said with a frown, "Though, how will we leave this place? That succubus woman locked us in and we can't play with the space law here."

"Hmph." Medes coldly snorted but didn't comment on it.

Taking advantage of the fact that no one could move freely thanks to the collision between two Firmament Fragments and the fact that no one wanted to be swallowed by those terrifying black cracks, Medes took out an object from his storage ring and looked at it a bit unwillingly.

"That's... Lord, then the Eye of Krasic was acquired by you?!" Uriel sucked in a breath of cold air as she recognized the object.

Krasic was known as the most powerful soul evolver in the history of the Soul Record; even existences like Sirius, Skadi, and others were considered inferior despite being stronger in reality.

Krasic, unlike the Heavenly Wolf, the Ice Goddess, and others, never broke the chains of the Soul Record but stayed behind; which is why his strength was inferior to theirs. According to rumors, Krasic fell so much in love with a woman that he was unwilling to leave her so he stayed inside the cage called Soul Record.

Unfortunately, Krasic died during the First Great War which was the most terrifying of all. Yet, his power was so terrifying that his body was not completely destroyed and some parts traveled countless years through the universe, getting lost in the infinite cosmos.

Krasic's unofficial title was Space and Time God as he was the closest existence to mastering both laws, even though he ultimately failed to succeed.

"I got it back then in that place, just before I broke the chains and became a Fifth Order Higher Existence." Medes sighed sadly and said, "I've been saving it ever since as I didn't think it would ever be of any use to me. But I never thought I would end up using it today to escape and save my life."

The two worlds of ice and light began to gradually disappear, but the ice world kept pushing forward. As the world of light receded, Medes and Uriel could feel the icy coldness coming closer.

"Lord, we have to go." Uriel urged, "Even though with our strength we will only be affected slightly I fear we cannot live if we don't leave now."

The red-haired giant was enough to hold Medes back, while Uriel knew better than anyone that it was impossible for her to face Lilith and Fire Sorrow at the same time.

"The saying goes that ten years is not too late for a knight to take revenge, it's just that ten years is too long and I don't like to wait." Medes blurted out before putting strength into his fist.

Crack!

The Eye of Krasic shattered into pieces and a huge spatial fluctuation swept across the planet like a whirlwind.

"The lock is gone!"

"Let's go now!"

Medes waved his hand and activated a powerful teleportation skill. However, before stepping into the portal in front of him he took a last glance backwards.

About a minute later, the power of the ice world extended for another 500 kilometers before disappearing after losing the pressure of the light world. In fact, had it not been for Aflheim's power nullifying much of its power, the ice world Niflheim might have frozen the entire planet under an eternal prison of cold ice.

Lilith coughed out a puff of blood and staggered several steps.

"Lilith!" Fire Sorrow teleported, appearing next to her quickly and holding her body. She asked worriedly, "Are you okay?"

Lilith was about to answer when suddenly her expression changed. Even though she couldn't see and her eyes were practically white after being blinded, her whole body trembled fiercely as she felt an awful aura rushing over her.

Fire Sorrow also felt this bloody aura. She raised her head and her pupils contracted when she saw the red-haired giant suddenly rushing towards them.

"Quick! We have to leave this place!" Lilith urged in a hoarse voice. She pushed Fire Sorrow and slashed her sword through the space in front of her before stepping in without hesitation.

Fire Sorrow took a glance at the red- haired giant one last time before entering the space rift without hesitation. She had almost no Mana and had suffered some minor injuries during her battle against Uriel. Besides, as a pure mage, Fire Sorrow had no desire to face an opponent capable of countering magical attacks!

The only thing Fire Sorrow could not understand was why the unknown man with red hair would suddenly attack... Wasn't he Lilith's ally?

Just before disappearing and closing the spatial rift behind her, Fire Sorrow felt a sort of deja vu.

Come to think of it, his face...

However, Fire Sorrow scoffed at herself and soon dismissed those thoughts.

Soon, the red-haired giant began to tear everything apart as he roared towards the sky. Actually, his power was so horrifying that even the ice world was being cracked with each of his strikes.

Despite his size and power, though, the giant man looked extremely lonely and miserable under the immense sky.