"This entity called Soul Record really is terrifying." Bai Zemin looked at the three objects before him with a complicated look and sighed.

Even after the metal armor was turned into a pool of liquid by the crimson flames coming from his Blazing Ring and even after an evolved person like Ye Qigang was turned into mortal remains, these three treasures still remained intact and resplendent.

The three treasures were a bracelet, a pendant, and a skill scroll.

Because Ye Qigang's Soul Power was much weaker than his Soul Power, who had already reached level 35, Bai Zemin did not believe that after killing him he could obtain any loot. However, the two accessories were probably belongings that Ye Qigang had obtained throughout his hunts and battles.

This was confirmed when Bai Zemin inspected the information on the bracelet and discovered that it was actually a Rare grade treasure Earth Bracelet, one exactly like the one he had. Because each person could use two bracelets and he did not have a different one, he also equipped this bracelet on his opposite hand which increased his Magic by another +10 points.

[Spiritual Earring (Rare Grade Treasure): When equipped it increases Magic and Mana by +10. Automatically protects the user from three spiritual attacks per day. Current status: 3/3].

Bai Zemin did not have this item so without hesitation he pierced his left ear and the small earring with a tiny emerald shone on it. Although it was not particularly his taste, becoming powerful was the main thing and he didn't care too much about his appearance anyway.

To his surprise, when he saw his reflection on the blade of the sword, he didn't look bad at all.

The last item was actually something that surprised and delighted Bai Zemin beyond words as he always wanted such a skill.

[Danger Sense (Unclassified Passive Skill) Level 5: Warns the user by sending nerve signals to the body whenever his/her life is in mortal danger].

His eyes glittered and without hesitation, he decided to learn the skill on the scroll for himself. The scroll disappeared from his hands in particles of light that soon entered his body and deep in his soul, a new rune of yellow color with reddish tones at the edges was formed.

With this new skill, his survivability had skyrocketed immensely! While it was true that his Broken Bronze Bell could automatically protect him, the treasure energy was not infinite and in the event of losing its power, Bai Zemin would have to rely only on himself until he could use it again. Therefore, the passive skill Danger Sense suited him perfectly.

Bai Zemin scanned the surroundings before looking at the girl sleeping in his embrace and a smile slipped onto his lips. If anyone saw him at this moment they would certainly not be able to associate him with that indifferent face that in less than five minutes had claimed the lives of more than thirty people. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Unfortunately, there was no one to appreciate it.

* * *

Du Meng surveyed the scene before him with eyes filled with burning anger that he seemed unable to contain.

Along one corridor were two corpses whose heads had been blown to pieces. Flesh pulp and blood had stained the white walls with red and the scared sobs of some kneeling maidservants could be heard clearly amidst the sepulchral silence.

"Big brother Bai really is a genius." At the end of the corridor, in front of a wide-open door, Zhong De looked at the slender man across the corridor and smiled.

"I wonder why no one knew him before all this chaos completely erupted." He continued as if talking to himself. "Even without his current strength, his intelligence doesn't lose to President Shangguan's or Chen He's... He should have been able to stand higher on the boards."

Du Meng looked at the Desert Eagle in the burly young man's right hand and frowned. That was the only Desert Eagle they had obtained from the police station and it was one of the most powerful firearms they currently had with a 12.7mm caliber, but now it had fallen into enemy hands.

Zhong De suddenly raised the weapon and shot without warning.

The sound of the shot echoed through the walls and the maidservants in the place screamed in fright but none dared to move for fear of being shot dead. As for Du Meng, he had disappeared as if he had vanished into thin air.

Zhong De was startled and before he could react he felt his right arm being severed by a sharp object. Hastily he took a step back, avoiding the cut for the most part but still being slightly slashed; blood flowed slowly from the wound, staining the ground and his clothes.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The wind howled and Zhong De suffered several bloody wounds. Although he managed to avoid fatal wounds, his arms and some parts of his body had slight cuts from a knife or other sharp object.

Du Meng was undoubtedly stronger than him and in a one-on-one battle, it was impossible for Zhong De to defeat him. However, in this narrow corridor that Zhong De had chosen to fight in, things were different.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Zhong De raised the Desert Eagle and fired eight times in a row in different directions and completely emptying the magazine.

"Ugh..."

From his right side, a groan followed by a bloodstain immediately attracted his attention, and Zhong De without hesitation rushed forward, punching with all his strength.

Bang!

After being injured by a bullet, Du Meng was struck and sent flying before slamming into the opposite wall. His active First Order skill 'Invisibility' was deactivated and with a hate-filled expression, he looked at the slowly approaching young man.

Bathed in his own blood, Zhong De looked at the bullet hole in Du Meng's abdomen and also noticed that his chest had sunk at an odd angle after receiving his previous fist.

If not for the close place, Du Meng would undoubtedly have been the victor. However, after Luo Ning told everything she knew about him, Bai Zemin easily found his fatal weakness and Zhong De defeated him after some difficulty.

With such injuries, it was impossible for Du Meng to survive. Soon after, he coughed up blood along with several pieces of organs and died just like that, with his eyes wide open and filled with unreconciled hatred.

Due to the difference in levels, Zhong De went straight up to level 18 and sighed as he leaned against the wall while slowly reloading the weapon in his hands and looked attentively at the maidservants of the place without saying a single word. Although his wounds were not serious, he was certainly losing a lot of blood so it would be best not to move too much.

Soon after, Bai Zemin appeared and chuckled: "Looks like you took a beating, eh? Zhong De."

Zhong De rolled his eyes but smiled bitterly at the sight of the untouched Bai Zemin.

Even with a little girl, he had killed all the enemy militants and had even taken out the strongest Ye Qigang... The difference was simply too great.