Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"Lilith, drink my blood first, approached her with the small ball of golden liquid floating an inch above his palm and remarked, "This blood ball is 99.9% composed of my essence blood. I concentrated a large part of my vitality into it so it should be pretty much enough to help you considering your current physical condition.

""Did you use your core blood?" Lilith was surprised at first but then her expression changed as she thought of something. Her body trembled and ther ewas a trace of anger in her voice as she spoke, "Zemin, are you stupid?! Why did you do such a crazy thing?!

"In theory, only those in the Fifth Order and above should be able to use their essence blood. For example, some of the maddest alchemists among the Higher Existences would sometimes use their essence blood to brew high-level vitality potions. In return, these alchemists would have their overall vitality reduced and their strength would drop hundreds of levels when the case was severe.

Even though her eyes were burned blind, Lilith could still tell that Bai Zemin was definitely not at his best. While his current aura was more than twice as powerful as before, the erratic fluctuations in his records and the occasional leakage of power were solid proof that his soul was damaged.

Bai Zemin felt warm inside as he saw the anger on Lilith's pretty face. The more concern she showed for him the more Bai Zemin wanted to pamper her and keep her away from all the evils of the world to let her live well and comfortably.

"Don't worry, little succubus." He joked, trying to lighten the heavy mood a bit, "Even though I did use some of my core blood I still have Blood Manipulation, don't I? I just need to work a little to speed up the production of essence blood. Give me half a month of time and I'll be totally ready to go into battle."

"Only half a month?" Lilith asked half doubting and half believing, "Half a month to cure your soul and regain your lost blood?"

"Half a month at worst, yes." Bai Zemin nodded earnestly.

He wasn't lying, he really needed that time to surpass his previous peak now that he evolved and his level shot up by 100 levels. Despite not having checked his skills and the notifications he received, Bai Zemin already knew that many of his skills evolved by one or two Orders.

His current vitality and regenerative speed could only be described as monster-like.

"Lilith, since Bai Zemin said it just do as he says." Fire Sorrow interjected from the side and said, "Besides, he already broke his connection with that essence blood didn't he? You might as well take advantage of this to make you recover as fast as possible..."

Finally, Lilith sighed in her heart and nodded towards them.

"Alright then."

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up as his biggest concern was to make Lilith drink his blood. He feared that she would ask him to drink it but fortunately, this did not happen.

"If you have any healing skill then use it when you are drinking the blood." Bai Zemin carefully controlled the blood ball, pulling out a thin strand and bringing it to Lilith's red lips, "The more healing assistance you get the better the effect will be."

Lilith nodded softly and said nothing more. When she drank the first strand of blood she immediately felt a wave of ardent heat flooding her throat and later her chest, slowly spreading throughout her body.

Actually, she was also worried about the current situation. Lilith knew that it would be difficult for her to ensure her safety now that her secrets were exposed and she failed to leave Medes and Uriel behind. Therefore, she did not refuse Bai Zemin's offer of help even though he was harming himself to help her heal faster.

One strand of blood...

Two strands of blood...

Three strands of blood...

Four strands...

...

Time passed slowly as the small ball of golden blood grew smaller and smaller.

'This life force belongs to a level 200 soul evolver?' Lilith smiled wryly inwardly as she closed her eyes and felt the changes taking place within her: 'Even I only reached this life force after I entered the Sixth Order. Even though my physical body is not the strongest it should still be comparable to that of the average warrior but this guy already...'

Regardless of her surprise and unbelief, Lilith felt genuinely happy and even relieved now that she grasped her beloved's newfound strength to some extent.

' ... I think it's about time to speak." Lilith sighed as this thought flashed through her head. A somewhat melancholy and slightly fearful expression grew on her face without her realizing it as hundreds of thoughts swirled inside her: 'It's only a matter of time before my identity spreads among the different factions. Though it is sooner than I anticipated and not in the way I would like, this is as far as my cover went.'

Had it not been for Lilith being deeply in love with Bai Zemin to the point of no return she would never have been so careless as to do the things she did today. Her second Firmament Fragment would still be a secret, no one would know that she was the holder of the Firmament Fragment left behind by the Ice Goddess Skadi which she used to destroy a world of the Army of Heaven, and naturally no one would know that she was not from this universe.

However, Lilith had no regrets about her decisions or her actions.

Although she felt it was a pity since there were still many things she could do and support Bai Zemin from other perspectives, perhaps this was for the best.

The only thing Lilith really feared was Bai Zemin's reaction when he learns the truth.

While Lilith knew that Bai Zemin could probably already guess a thing or two when he learned of the existence of alternate dimensions given his intelligence, she feared that he would have some sort of change of heart or mind when he heard her whole story and her original purpose.

'Even though I could keep some things shut up for myself...' Lilith dismissed the thought immediately.

She wanted no more secrets and longed to be a completely open book to him. If everything ended happily, Lilith and Bai Zemin would be together for eternity and could even continue to exist after the stones split and the seas dried up.

An eternity was too long even for immortals, and Lilith witnessed the breakup of many couples who were together for tens of millennia.

A healthy relationship was better without secrets after all... Because once trust was broken it was impossible to restore it to its original form.

Before this Lilith had no intention of talking to Bai Zemin regarding some matters not because she didn't trust him but because he was simply too weak. Some things were better not to know before getting the strength to counter as instead of helping they would only become a great impediment.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

'But, it's okay now.' Lilith thought to herself, remembering Bai Zemin's earlier punch and feeling the massive life power flowing into every corner of her body and soul.

That human boy that killed his first mutant bee on day 1 had grown up. His wings had spread completely and he no longer needed to be protected in his every step but his enemies would have to watch out for his claws.

Regardless of the methods he used to make it happen, even a Fifth Order angel died at his hands.

'It's okay now...' Lilith repeated to herself and suddenly felt as if a great burden was lifted from her shoulders.

Bai Zemin had been paying attention to Lilith while carefully helping her consume his essence blood. He caught a glimpse of her every change of expression and did not miss the initial melancholy or fear, therefore, he also did not miss her expression of relief when a small smile that overflowed with innocence and purity peeked slightly at the corner of her lips.

Everyone had their own story, and Lilith was certainly someone with stories to tell.

Bai Zemin might have figured out only a thing or two about her so far, but he was very clear that the story behind her was absolutely tragic. Precisely because of this knowledge, he never pressed her or asked about her past as he firmly believed that she would one day tell him when she felt ready to do it.

Instinctively, he knew that the time might have come now.

Just at that moment, a faint but warm screen of pale green light delicately covered Lilith's figure. Her already beautiful face was even more beautiful under the natural green light and the few mutant plants that could withstand the pressure of the water at such a depth suddenly became more lively and vibrant.

Lilith's closed eyes opened, displaying two beautiful red irises that sparkled like rubies. She had regained her sight in less than a minute and was still healing. She could see everything clearly under such darkness, so naturally she did not miss Bai Zemin's expression when she used her own healing power to the fullest extent possible. At this moment, Lilith was not worried about how far she could heal but about the little man's emotions before her.

Bai Zemin was stunned when he saw her beautiful face under the pale green light. It was Shangguan Bing Xue, however, who had the strongest reaction.

"You... This... Why...? Hah?" Her blue eyes trembled as a flash of doubt shone in her pupils as she stared at Lilith who looked like a goddess.

That aura and green flash was something Shangguan Bing Xue would never mistake after all. Although there were clear differences from her point of view, it absolutely resembled Wu Yijun too much.

"Em?" Even Fire Sorrow seemed to realize something and muttered to herself, "Where did I..."

Suddenly, Fire Sorrow gazed at Lilith in shock and exclaimed, "Ah! I know now!

I knew this aura of yours was familiar to me but now I finally have it figured out!"

A few months ago, Fire Sorrow came into contact with something she never expected to see. Her contact with that thing was very short, only a few seconds at most, but it was enough for her to remember its aura.

And now, an extremely similar if not identical aura was being exuded from Lilith's body.