Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"You sure like to make a fuss over everything don't you?" Lilith rolled her eyes at the scream Fire Sorrow made. Fire Sorrow blinked before rolling her eyes back at her. Feeling a bit speechless, she growled, "You have a World Tree Heart Fragment, woman. If this isn't a reason to make a fuss then there are no worthy things to make a fuss about, are there?"

Right. The aura and green light that surrounded Lilith's body, boosting her healing and regeneration in sync with Bai Zemin's essence blood, were characteristic of the World Tree Heart Fragment. This was the reason why Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue were dumbfounded after recognizing this fact since in theory Wu Yijun was the only one who had a piece of the Heart of the legendary World Tree. In fact, Shangguan Bing Xue, who had spent the most time with Wu Yijun, could tell that the aura surrounding Lilith was many times stronger and purer.

"But, Lilith, how did you..." hesitated and stopped. As a matter of fact, he was now at least 80% certain of Lilith's identity. It was just that remaining 20% kept him doubting since according to his analysis and investigation things shouldn't be as "simple" as they seemed at first glance.

"I'll explain everything soon, I promise." Lilith nodded with a serious expression on her face. After a pause, she said, "Whatever you're thinking now is probably not wrong, it's just that you need more details to have a better understanding of what's really happening."

Bai Zemin nodded immediately and did not say anything else again. His eyes flashed with joy as Lilith's words meant that she finally decided to tell him her story and her purposes. There was no need to rush now that she promised him. Besides, this was not a particularly pleasant place to talk about important matters.

As Bai Zemin helped Lilith digest the life force in his blood, Lilith closed her eyes and used five healing skills on herself, all of them with extremely pure natural energy thanks to the power of the World Tree Heart Fragment. Fire Sorrow's eyes, on the other hand, wandered around the surroundings. She was clearly anxious, but despite noticing this irregularity, Bai Zemin decided not to point it out.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

It was Shangguan Bing Xue who somehow couldn't take her eyes off Lilith. She still had this strange feeling towards her that she could neither explain nor understand, but be that as it may, she simply did not like her for some reason that she was unable to figure out.

About half an hour later, all of Bai Zemin's essence blood was completely absorbed and assimilated into Lilith's body and soul. "How is it?" He asked anxiously, unable to hide his concern.

Lilith didn't answer right away, but after a closer inspection of almost five minutes, she finally nodded with a happy smile, "I think I will be completely healthy within two or three days. Right now I can pull out about 95% of my strength if necessary."

Bai Zemin immediately sighed in relief and couldn't help but smile, "That's good!"

"Good?" Lilith smiled wryly and shook her head, "Zemin, you'd better be careful with that blood of yours. At this point, your entire body is a high-level treasure; even factions of Higher Existences might start going for your head!"

Of course, Lilith's last words were a joke... After all, there were already factions of Higher Existences aiming for her head.

However, Bai Zemin understood what she meant thus he nodded.

Don't worry. I know what I have to do.

"In that case we're good." Lilith gave him a peck on the lips and nodded with a smile.

Just at that moment, Fire Sorrow who looked nervous and anxious suddenly jumped in place, "W-What was it?"

Bai Zemin exchanged glances with Lilith and Shangguan Bing Xue, the three of them feeling puzzled as Fire Sorrow seemed to be talking to herself. A moment later, however, Lilith narrowed and her eyes flashed mysteriously.

"Now?" Fire Sorrow hesitated before nodding, "Alright, I'll get that."

Immediately afterward, she glanced at Lilith and hesitated.

Lilith sighed secretly as her suspicions were confirmed. On the surface, her expression remained impassive and she calmly said, "Was that the Leader?"

"Yes..."

"I knew it." Lilith looked at Fire Sorrow with a hint of gratitude and said, "You could have communicated with him using voice transmissions but you spoke aloud so as not to hide the fact that he contacted you."

Fire Sorrow brushed a lock of hair off her forehead in an attempt to hide her complex emotional state. She was really feeling complicated when it came to Lilith.

There was a certain appreciation, camaraderie, and even a deeper affection like that of friends... However, after learning that Lilith was a being from another dimension Fire Sorrow couldn't help distrusting her to a certain extent.

"So, what does our lazy Leader want?" Lilith asked calmly, seemingly having no idea what Fire Sorrow was thinking.

Bai Zemin stood next to Shangguan Bing Xue, and neither of them interrupted. Given their intelligence, however, they both realized that something extremely big was about to break out. What's more, they both put one and one together and easily figured out that all of this had something to do with the miserable state of the God of Heaven.

Fire Sorrow gave Bai Zemin a sidelong glance as if hesitating to speak, but after some more thought, she decided to throw all caution to the wind.

"Every Emperor or Empress has a skill that allows them to return to one of the worlds under their control as long as they are under the same stars that world is under." Fire Sorrow calmly explained and said, "A few minutes ago, Lucifer His Majesty got a notification. It looks like Medes really went all out and what happened on that battlefield is now circulating like crazy among the various factions."

"That's faster than I thought..." Lilith muttered before slowly nodding.

Fire Sorrow forced a smile and said bitterly, "Lilith, it's been hundreds of thousands of years since a Seventh Order soul evolver fell from the sky... You killed Michael, raising a huge disturbance by breaking the Hundred Thousand Year Treaty. Even if we leave aside everything else, this alone is enough to shake the honeycomb and cause a great agitation."

Cough cough...

Bai Zemin choked on his own saliva and nearly suffocated to death. He looked at Lilith in shock and said in disbelief, "You... Did you kill the Archangel Michael?!"

Lilith shrugged her shoulders as if killing a soul evolver in the peak of the Seventh Order was no big deal.

Only Shangguan Bing Xue had an T knew it' expression on her covered face as she was suspicious since she didn't see the Fire Archangel return at all.

"Since the death of the last Seventh Order soul evolver belonging to Immortal Bloodlust, all the major factions signed a mutual pact where they agreed not to kill Commander-level soul evolvers." Fire Sorrow smiled bitterly and explained, "With the Golden Domain people over our heads and with each invasion getting more dangerous than the last we could only do this to avoid major losses coming from within. But now you killed Michael not to mention all the rest..."

"Golden Domain?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin with confusion, as this was her first time hearing those two words together.

"I'll explain later." He whispered with his attention on Fire Sorrow's words.

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and said no more as she realized this was not the moment.

After almost a minute of silence, Lilith asked indifferently, "So, Lucifer wants you to take me to Kram World or something?"

From Lilith's point of view no matter how strong Lucifer and the Demonic Army were, it was simply impossible for them to resist under the pressure of all the other factions. To her surprise, however, Fire Sorrow shook her head.

"No. It's quite the opposite, actually." Fire Sorrow sighed and said with a serious expression on her face, "Lilith, Lucifer called me back to Kram World immediately so I have to go... and if things get out of hand I don't know if we'll ever see each other again. I just hope we don't have to become enemies tomorrow."

Even though her words were a bit strange, Fire Sorrow was sure that Lilith would understand the meaning of her last sentence.

It was just that at this moment Lilith was completely dumbfounded and perplexed as she didn't expect that Lucifer didn't want her in Kram World but rather that he wanted her to stay on Earth. After all, she was the cause of everything and in order for the Demonic Army to avoid trouble and calamity the most logical action to take would be to hand her over.

Suddenly Lilith realized that Lucifer was able to become the Leader of millions of Higher Existences not only because of his power but also because he was a truly charismatic and eminent man. Perhaps only someone like him was able to gather the most unhinged people under a single flag, regardless of their past race, and subdue them without using force and without the need to be present at all times.

Lilith could not help but feel mixed emotions in her heart. She was naturally grateful to Lucifer, but at this moment she wished he would act the way others would act since this way it would be considerably easier for her and she wouldn't need to take any risks.

"I'll go."

"What?" Fire Sorrow looked at Lilith, dumbfounded.

"I said I'll go to Kram World with you,"Lilith repeated calmly.

Now that Lucifer had made a decision, a decision she did not expect but did not reject, Lilith had to make hers as well. Although this would put her in danger, she was no longer a cold killing machine who was only driven by her goals.

"No, you won't." Fire Sorrow frowned and reprimanded in a firm voice: "Are you stupid or what? If you go there you will become everyone's enemy. Even the entire Demonic Army won't be able to protect you... and there is indeed a possibility that we might have to attack you as well."

However, Lilith was no longer listening to her. She was extremely stubborn after all, and when she made up her mind about something she could not be stopped even by nine oxen.

"Zemin, could you give me one of those accessories? Like the one you gave to that Eventide World princess and the core members of your group?" Lilith looked at Bai Zemin and said with a comforting smile, "You trust me, right?

"I..."

In fact, Bai Zemin wanted to refuse and make her stay behind on Earth. After hearing Fire Sorrow's explanation, he knew that Lilith was in life-threatening danger... and judging from her last words, there was some information that he was still unaware of otherwise Fire Sorrow would never say that they might have to attack Lilith if she showed herself in front of everyone.

But, seeing the firm expression on her face and the confidence in her eyes, Bai Zemin knew that Lilith had already made up her mind.

Despite having recently evolved, Bai Zemin did not feel happy at all nor was there a hint of pride in having killed an angel while he was still a level 100 soul evolver. He was simply too weak... So weak that he couldn't even properly protect the woman he loved.

Stronger... He must become stronger! And quickly!

At this rate it would be a miracle if what happened with Zhong De didn't happen again, only next time it might be someone he absolutely couldn't afford to lose."Little pervert, what are you thinking?" Lilith pointed at the frown on his face with her index finger and said with a truthful smile, "Since I asked you for that item, it's because I naturally have intentions of coming back to you, don't you think?"

Bai Zemin stared into her eyes for a long time, looking for any trace of lies or falsehood. However, he only saw confidence and decisiveness; so much so that he had never seen Lilith so sure of anything since he met her.

"Okay! I'll wait for your return home." Bai Zemin said nothing more and pulled out a small silver necklace from his storage ring.

This necklace was almost identical to the one he crafted a year and a half ago when he was still in Eventide World. In the center of a thin, graceful, starshaped silver plate was a small, bright crimson pearl whose aura was full of age and distortion.

"Of course." Lilith smiled gently, and in a voice only she could hear, whispered, "After so many years I'll finally have a place to call home, uh..."