Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin could not blame Shangguan Bing Xue for her reaction, after all, he was fully aware that his words were anything but logical considering that she had no idea of his last conversation with the Emperor of the Asura race.

Even knowing this, he couldn't help but smile bitterly at her words and said without knowing whether to laugh or cry: "Bing Xue, can you not be so extreme? How could you get water in your ears when you're wearing that mask inside your own ice dome."

Shangguan Bing Xue gave him a lovely pair of blank eyes and growled under her breath, "You call me exaggerated but aren't you the one who is saying nonsense? How come you suddenly want to turn that race of cruel killers into humans to assimilate them into our ranks and even bring them to Earth!"

"Actually, the asura race might not be as bad as we thought." Bai Zemin forced a smile and said with some uneasiness, "To be honest, I'm afraid that if I were in the Emperor's shoes from that time when Obion World became a Forsaken World I might have made a similar decision."

"What?"

Shangguan Bing Xue's expression was coated with disbelief as she found it hard to believe that Bai Zemin would say such words. However, seeing the thoughtful and worried expression on his face, she finally realized that he was dead serious and most likely there was information she was unaware of.

"What's really going on?" she asked with a frown.

"First of all let me give her a little summary." Bai Zemin looked at the red-haired girl who was staring at them puzzled and sighed, "Feng Tian Wu, this is the first time you've heard about the asura race and Obion World right?"

"Yeah... Well, I think I heard Chen He talk about this asura race once in the past but I didn't pay attention to it back then." Feng Tian Wu nodded softly and replied in a low voice, "If I'm not mistaken this should all be connected to something that happened before you came to Changping District, am I right?"

"You are right indeed." Bai Zemin nodded without hiding anything from her.

For the next five minutes, he gave a brief but concise summary of what happened back then and afterward continued, "Back then I was barely able to hold on to my life thanks to a variety of factors, but I vowed to wipe this race off the face of the universe as I could not forgive the cruelties they did just for the sake of increasing their strength by even half an inch more. But after what happened today I'm afraid I don't have the right to judge them at all."

Feng Tian Wu nodded silently, but after a moment she asked directly, "What do we have to do then?"

Bai Zemin glanced at her with a slightlystrange expression but said nothing. He was still not used to this Feng Tian Wu, because even though their interactions could not be counted as numerous even after he buried the axe of their past and they became friends it was still hard for him to relate this girl to the girl he knew inthe past.

"Actually, what I want to do is very simple."Bai Zemin took a deep breath and continued, "We need...''

And just like that, for the next forty minutes, Bai Zemin explained what he wanted to do in detail.

Although forty minutes might seem like a long time considering that he was simply explaining his idea and plans, the reality was that forty minutes was very little time considering that the three of them were talking about something that would directly influence two big worlds and at least two races as a whole.

"That's... Quite simple," Shangguan Bing Xue smiled wryly under her mask and pointed out, "A crude plan, I'd say."

"It is crude, indeed. But does it really take much more than this?" Feng Tian Wu disapproved. She looked at Shangguan Bing Xue calmly and spoke her thoughts, "This man named Thannath is already dead, and among the asuras, there is only a Third Order powerhouse. This kind of force has no way to compare to our Transcendent faction, so if they try something funny it would be no different than throwing an egg against a rock since they would be the only ones harmed."

From Feng Tian Wu's point of view, the asura race was simply insignificant and weak. This was not her disdaining them but as one of the highest-level soul evolvers and highest-ranking nobles in the faction, Feng Tian Wu knew very well how terrifying the current Transcendent faction was.

Obion World might be a world more advanced than Earth as it was in its Fourth Evolution Stage, however, the powers that lived there were so weak that in her eyes the union of two districts of China could easily sweep away the entire world.

"You say that because you never fought against them," Shangguan Bing Xue frowned slightly and refuted, "While it is true that their overall strength is behind as they can only use grim methods to increase their power as a race, they are all born warriors and unlike us humans even a five-year-old asura kid knows how to wield a sword."

"What can a five-year-old do though?" Feng Tian Wu wasn't convinced and certainly didn't want to back down so she pressed on, "Bai Zemin is being quite generous to give them a way out, so those families should be grateful. If they are still looking for trouble then they can only blame themselves for their demise."

"You..."

"All right, you two." Bai Zemin sighed in his heart and before Shangguan Bing Xue continued the discussion he interjected. He smiled bitterly inside as he watched them give each other bad glares.

Like ice and fire, Shangguan Bing Xue and Feng Tian Wu really did not get along at all. Although they were not enemies and could certainly cooperate perfectly with each other when the other needed help, the truth was that for some reason the two often had arguments like this over even the smallest matter.

Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Previously Bai Zemin used to think that this "friendly hostility" between the two was born out of the fact that neither of them was willing to be behind the other since they were both the only two soul evolvers who could beat Shangguan Xinyue in combat within the entire faction apart from Bai Shilin. However, he gradually realized that it wasn't just about competitiveness for the "number 2" position but they seemed to have something against each other on their own.

'Really, like water and fire.' Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry every time he thought about this.

* * *

Two days later.

Two days ago, Shui Meiying had officially become a Mermaid Queen; thus making a small racial breakthrough that pushed her power and prestige among the sea creatures tremendously.

Bai Zemin asked her to gather her troops and join Xian Mei'er's troops to conquer the other sea kingdoms. When the two Mermaid Queens started to work together, Bai Zemin left as he felt at ease with those two working together.

Even if a Fourth Order enemy showed up, Shui Meiying and Xian Mei'er should be able to handle it on their own so there was no need for his presence or intervention in the future sea wars to come.

During these two days, Bai Zemin was so busy that he literally had no time to sleep at all so naturally he was unable to check his status window and new records. Even with the help of Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun who returned to Hero City at his call, the amount of work he himself had to do in a short period of time was so high that he could only push the tiredness and bad mood to the side.

On this particular day, Bai Zemin was facing an army composed by 70,000 soul evolvers. These soul evolvers were the strongest powerhouses on Earth, and there were not only humans but also mutant beasts and even zombies!

Thanks to the little girl that Bai Zemin and his people rescued from the naval base in Shanghai and after more than four months of effort, Shen Jingjing who despite being only 9 years old was now a Rank 2 noblewoman and was in charge of the Armored Zombie Forces Legion managed to travel to most corners of the Earth together with sisters Wen and Liu Ning aboard the advanced battleship Sky Destroyer.

Currently, a total of 500,000,000 zombies made up the Armored Zombie Forces Legion and were undoubtedly the most powerful legion among the Ten Legion Corps that made up the total power of the Transcendent faction. Even if 80% of these zombies were only zombies below level 26 they were still a terrifying force to consider as even a First Order human soul evolver could fall prey to the infection under the claws and teeth of these low-level zombies.

Bai Zemin had tried his best to find a skill similar to Shen Jingjing's, only to find himself depressed as all his efforts failed miserably. Therefore, despite not feeling particularly at ease in his heart, he could only leave such a force under the control of Shen Jingjing and her subordinates.

At this point, the entire surface was under the control of the Transcendent faction.

The goblins were wiped off the face of the earth, the zombies were finally under control, and thanks to Wu Yijun who had the World Tree Heart Fragment the mutant beasts and plants entered into a mutual assistance alliance with the humans. All this happened during the last half year when Bai Zemin was busy raiding other countries and fighting against the invading Higher Existences.

Of course, even though everything seemed calm on the surface Bai Zemin knew that all his power was walking on a tightrope with a delicate balance. The slightest slip would cause everything to collapse, and therefore he had to be careful with every step he took from now on.

What he was most concerned about was finding a way to let everyone level up since unless major problems occurred there should be no large-scale wars on Earth. However, the appearance of the Worlds Connector relieved this problem completely.

With ten thousand worlds waiting to be conquered, Bai Zemin did not have to fear the lack of stubborn Kings and Emperors, as well as large armies pointing their spears at him.

As Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, Wu Yijun, and some others ordered the army to march into Hero City, suddenly a small commotion occurred when the 70,000 troops opened up to the side leaving a small path.

Through the open way, two beautiful young girls advanced straight towards Bai Zemin.

"Hey, who is that silver-haired great beauty?"

"Shhh! Are you eager to die or what? That's the Leader's daughter!"

"Wh- What did you say?! How could the Leader have a daughter who looks like she's 18 while he himself is barely over 20? What kind of joke are you telling me? Did the Leader get a girl pregnant when he was only 2 years old? If you like the beauty just say so and don't cover up!"

"Y-You fucking idiot! That's Princess Bai Shilin and she's only a little over 2 years old!

"Who's the other girl? She looks so pale and weak... She even uses a wheelchair though we have healing magic potions."

"Ah, she is actually..."

Bai Zemin shook his head secretly when he heard several murmurs in the crowd. These soul evolvers were the strongest but still lacked a bit of military discipline as many of them belonged to different countries. He was very clear that he would need to work hard for at least two years for all the countries and their inhabitants to really unite together so he could bear it for now.

What left him speechless was Bai Shilin, his lovely and adorable daughter.

Bai Shilin had just reached level 200 recently, and to Bai Zemin's disbelief, the girl now looked like a beauty between 17 and 18 years old. Furthermore, her beauty was such that she did not lose to women like Wu Yijun and Feng Tian Wu at all.

'I'm afraid that many perverts will be left without their family gems for years to come.' Bai Zemin smiled bitterly at the thought of this, as he himself was a rather possessive and protective father not to mention that Bai Shilin was one of the five strongest in all of Earth despite being only a little over 2 years old.

"Father!" Bai Shilin jumped right in and grabbed Bai Zemin's right arm with a lovely smile on her face, showing a beautiful yet terrifying set of teeth that absolutely did not belong to a human being.

Bai Zemin gently kissed the top of her head, and after looking down for a moment said with a smile, "Shilin, Father will make you a new battle dress soon okay?"

"Ah?" Bai Shilin looked down at her white dress and said in confusion, "But, Father... The battle dress Shilin wears is a Rank 3 defensive armor and is not broken at all."

"Father will make you a prettier one and will use better materials to make it Rank 4, okay?" Bai Zemin was still smiling but in his heart he complained: 'This girl grew quite a bit these days so that battle dress is getting too small... particularly on the upper part.'

"Your soul turned slightly red and purple just now. You're clearly jealous and angry."

"Who's jealous of what?!" Bai Zemin glared at Kali in pretend annoyance.

"You can fool others but you don't fool me." Kali snorted and suddenly extended her small hand towards him, "Give it to me."

"What thing?" Bai Zemin asked with a puzzled expression.

"Annihilation of the Falling Sky." Kali motioned with her hand impatiently and explained, "I think I found the way you can bring out its true power, but I need to confirm it first."

Take out the true power of Annihilation of the Falling Sky? Bai Zemin's eyes lit up and without hesitation handed over the weapon in the form of a golden sword.