Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin was very satisfied with his current weapon. Although Longinus was a spear and not a heavy sword as he was used to, its attack power was so high that Bai Zemin not only had no complaints but was extremely happy to be able to own such a treasure. What's more, as he became stronger and his skills evolved along with the acquisition of newer ones, Bai Zemin's fighting style became more and more varied and refined. Therefore, he no longer needed to rely on the terrifying destructive power of heavy weapons to inflict fatal damage on enemies far beyond his level.

Still, he would never forget that inside his body was a King Grade Soul Armament.

Even if Bai Zemin had no idea what a Soul Armament was or what a King Grade one represented, the scene of Ghost Emperor Jack being pierced from side to side and turned into nothing would always be firmly recorded in his memory. That attack that had been made from millions of kilometers away broke through space to save his life and kill a Fourth Order existence with the ease it would take to crush an ant.

It was just that Longinus' power was simply too high while Annihilation of the Falling Sky was far inferior in this aspect. Therefore, he asked Kali for help since she was an expert in runes.

Over the past few months, Kali had invested a great deal of her time studying Annihilation of the Falling Sky and its runes. However, this was the first time Bai Zemin heard her so confidently when she said that she might have found a way.

How could he not be excited then?

Shangguan Bing Xue and the others realized that Bai Zemin was too busy with something else so they worked harder organizing the 70,000-man army, making sure everyone got into Hero City in an orderly manner and afterward began to explain their task once they reached their destination.

Bai Zemin's eyes were fixed on Kali and her alone.

Bai Shilin even became a little jealous after a while as her cheeks puffed out in an adorable pout and she began to behave like a spoiled brat, tugging on his arm to get his attention.

As Bai Zemin focused most of his attention on Kali and watched her stroking the runes on the golden sword, time passed quickly.

About an hour later, Kali nodded to herself and said softly, "So that's what it's like... Quite strange and mysterious."

"What is it?" Bai Zemin asked hurriedly.

"Bullet, for starters let me tell you that Annihilation of the Falling Sky is a very powerful weapon. That's for sure." Kali said in a cold and indifferent voice, something that didn't match her words. Then, she pointed out, "You and Annihilation of the Falling Sky already have a Soul Contract, it's just that this contract is not complete as you need the approval of its true master first."Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Bai Zemin nodded and said quickly, "I know that, Kali. But I don't understand, what did you find out?"

"And they say that adults are more mature and patient." Kali muttered to herself and later said, "The thing is, your soul might be linked to the weapon but your body isn't."

Huh?

"To put it simply, you need both your soul and your body to form a deep connection with Annihilation of the Falling Sky so that you will not only be bound together on a spiritual level but also in flesh and blood." Kali explained patiently and word by word, "Besides, I didn't realize it at first but after studying the runes on the walls of Hero City I finally understood something quite striking."

Bai Zemin remained silent, anxiously waiting for Kali's explanation. However, in his heart, he secretly complained: 'This brat is clearly putting on pauses and behaving mysteriously because she knows I'm anxious!

As Bai Zemin vowed to spank Kali on the butt later as punishment, the girl who had no idea of the 'danger' she was in continued to speak arrogantly and proudly now that she had him in the palm of her hand.

"It turns out that the Unbreakability rune engraved along the entire body of Annihilation of the Falling Sky not only grants infinite Durability to the weapon but also allows it to assimilate other weapons."

"Assimilate other weapons?" Bai Zemin thought of the attached skill 'Devourer' that the ancient bronze spear had.

Could it be that the two were similar?

"Okay." Kali nodded slightly before pointing out, "But that skill is blocked... Or more than blocked, it seems to have been forcibly removed."

Bai Zemin's eyes lit up as he suddenly thought of something.

Could it be that perhaps Annihilation of the Falling Sky and Longinus were actually one in the past? After all, the ancient bronze spear had skills attached that were extremely terrifying even for a Rank 6 weapon. Unfortunately, he had no way of knowing this temporarily.

"Anyhow," Kali paused and took several deep breaths. She had exhausted a lot of energy as she rarely spoke so many words in a short time, and given her weak physical condition it was already a challenge for her to continue. Yet, Kali forced herself as she knew this was too important for Bai Zemin: "You need to use your life force to slowly nurture Annihilation of the Falling Sky, thus reaching a dual assimilation between your fleshly body and the weapon just like the Soul Contract links your spirit to it."

"Life force...? This..." Bai Zemin was taken aback for a moment before smiling bitterly and shaking his head, "I'm afraid it will have to wait at least half a month."

"That I can see." Kali sighed as she "stared into Bai Zemin's soul.

Bai Zemin took a moment and glanced at his Health stat quickly. Seeing those numbers, the bitter smile on his face grew even stronger.

[Health: 15,979 / 52,169]

For some reason, Bai Zemin felt that he was brimming with life force. Therefore, he was sure that his Health stat was unbalanced compared to the rest of his main stats and records.

However, since Bai Zemin helped Lilith by using his core blood, his life force was severely affected. Even so, Bai Zemin did not have even a hint of regret in his heart since it was all for the sake of the woman he was in love with.

He just needed to wait another half month and then he could start nurturing his Soul Armament... There was no need to rush things, since as the saying goes; haste usually leads to waste.

"Thank you for your help, Kali." He said as he reached out and gently patted the top of her head, "I really don't know what I'd do without you."

"Good for you to know." Kali snorted softly, but contrary to her attitude she stayed still like a kitten and welcomed the pats.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt a slight but persistent tug on his sleeve, and when he looked at the source he immediately met Bai Shilin's bitter gaze.

"You, little girl..."

Not knowing whether to laugh or cry, Bai Zemin also pampered his daughter that was jealous.

...

Approximately five or six hours later, Bai Zemin appeared again at the bottom of the ocean.

At this time, the Mariana Trench had become a forbidden zone and was tightly sealed by powerful sea beasts stationed there by Shui Meiying and Xian Mei'er. Without Bai Zemin's permission, no one was allowed to approach the bottom; and if anyone broke this rule they would immediately be marked as a traitor regardless of their status or position in the alliance.

"Are you sure it will work?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked with some concern in her heart.

"If it were before I wouldn't dare take the risk no matter how little it might be." Bai Zemin nodded and said confidently, "But even though the Grade of the Collector's Pocket Watch didn't grow after I found that hand it definitely became more powerful. Besides, it's not like we're breaking any Soul Record rules but instead we're slightly going against the Worlds Connector rules."

"Whatever it is, we'll back you up." Wu Yijun, who was standing to his left, said directly. She was a little nervous but at the same time excited as this would be her first adventure with Bai Zemin to another world!

"In that case let's get moving." Bai Zemin nodded and stepped forward without hesitation.

When his body disappeared beyond the huge portal, Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue exchanged glances before quickly following him.

When Bai Zemin appeared inside the mysterious space with 10,000 portals he immediately tensed, but several seconds later he sighed in relief as he realized that nothing bad happened.After overcoming her initial shock and forcibly suppressing it, Shangguan Bing Xue said lightly, "It looks like there was no trouble after all."

Wu Yijun's mental strength was not as good as her good sister's so it took her a little longer to come to her senses as the sight of numerous portals connecting this place to Earth and thousands of worlds certainly amazed her to the core.

Several minutes later, Bai Zemin led the two women to the portal connecting this space to Obion World and after telling them to wait a minute or two before following him he stepped right in.

Indeed, when Bai Zemin entered back into Obion World through the portal he immediately found himself surrounded by a sea of blue flames that burned in all their splendor and illuminated the dark sky with their brilliance.

"Little Blue, did you behave yourself while I was out?" Bai Zemin chuckled as he waved his hand outward.

Like a little kid waiting at the school entrance suddenly seeing its parents, the Endless Blue Lotus Flame quickly shrank back and shot out towards him.

"Hehehe..."

The small blue fire scourge directly entered Bai Zemin's body from his chest and then seemed to whimper a little as it explained its bitter experiences during the past two days of loneliness.

"It's alright... I promise I will do my best not to leave you alone again." Bai Zemin sympathized with the Endless Blue Lotus Flame, which unlike the Heaven-Devouring Flame was alone for who knows how many billions of years.

Two minutes later, the portal glowed faintly as Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun walked through it.

Shangguan Bing Xue was prepared from before since it wasn't her first time here, but Wu Yijun was different.

"Ugh..." Her face immediately turned slightly ugly and her body shook slightly. After a few seconds, she quickly recovered and said in astonishment, "Even though you guys told me, the gravity in this world really is quite powerful... Even crazier, the amount of mana here is really small compared to Earth!"

Bai Zemin explained a few things to Wu Yijun before shifting his focus to Shangguan Bing Xue. Seeing her nod, he took a deep breath and said in a serious voice, "Let's begin."

Suddenly, in the sky, a huge city surrounded by thick white walls approximately 100-200 meters high floated soundlessly after a slight spatial rippling.

Previously, Bai Zemin was a little worried as the rules of the Worlds Connector were clear, and among them was the rule that only 4 living beings could enter at the same time. The problem was that Bai Zemin had stored Hero City with 70,000 living beings inside the Collector's Pocket World in the Collector's Pocket Watch that he always carried with him!

Fortunately, going against the Worlds Connector rules did not mean going against the Soul Record. Bai Zemin and the others estimated that the mysterious space with 10,000 portals inside it was probably some sort of Demi-God Grade treasure on par with the Collector's Pocket Watch, only there was no way to verify it at all temporarily since the records were covered up.

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

...

Suddenly, several silhouettes jumped down from the walls of the floating city and caused loud bangs as their feet fiercely hit the ground.

Bai Zemin silently waited for the dust cloud to settle as the ground beneath his feet trembled slightly. Once the dust cleared, more than a dozen figures appeared standing in front of him in an orderly fashion inside just over a dozen small craters caused by their falls from the sky.

There was the sturdy Nangong Yi, the handsome Chen He, the serious Matthew Sanchez, the beautiful Naomi Sanchez, the cold but dazzling Feng Tian Wu, there was even the young and small Shen Jingjing sitting on the shoulder of a zombie over 10 feet tall. Among them, many more.

"Very good," Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction and said in a deep voice, "Remember; Be quick and don't take longer than necessary. If anyone tries to fight or cause trouble there is no need to be gentle, just kill a few to warn the rest. We are helping them but if they won't let us help and just give us problems don't hesitate to act accordingly!"

The several people in front of him nodded with serious expressions on their faces. Seeing this, Bai Zemin waved a hand and ordered, "Go!"

Immediately after, thousands of modified helicopters and cargo planes flew out of Hero City and darted towards the horizon heading in different directions.

Nangong Yi and the others also broke off, each of them following a group of thousands of planes and modified helicopters as brigade leaders.

A few minutes later, the rumbling sound of thousands of engines running at the same time became so distant that it could not be heard.

"We better start as well." Wu Yijun reminded him as she noticed Bai Zemin in a daze on the scene.

"Mhm..." Bai Zemin nodded, however, he couldn't help but frown as he suddenly had a bad premonition. Subconsciously, he looked up into the distant sky and his eyes seemed to be able to pierce through space- time.