Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Two days ago, not long after Fire Sorrow and Lilith departed from Earth.

-Kram World.

Serving as the headquarters of the Demonic Army, Kram World was arguably by far one of the most important worlds in the entire universe. It was not "simply" the fact that one of the eight major factions had at least 50% of its forces stationed there but it was also a world in its Seventh Evolution Stage; one of only five worlds in this stage!

Even though the Demonic Army was a huge faction and all the Higher Existences there had lived in most cases several tens of thousands of years, the lifestyle of this demonic race was surprisingly not very different from that of humans or other intelligent races scattered throughout the cosmos.Discover ð’ew chapters at novelbið’(.)coð’Ž

Unlike most of the other overlords, Lucifer was very lax with his rules as long as his people became obedient when the situation called for it. This lazy man who slept around even went to great lengths for over 1000 years in search of all kinds of entertainment methods used by other races in order to bring them to life on Kram World.

As existences that could live forever as long as they were not killed by external sources, the only fear they had was, ironically, time.

The power of time was absolute, as even if it could not erode the body it could certainly erode the heart and the mind and even the soul itself.

Kram World was the only world where members of the Demonic Army who were not on duty guarding other worlds under their flag or on an important mission could have fun.Huge soccer fields, giant basketball courts, modified bowling halls, racetracks... Everything one could imagine was definitely there to help the demons get through their boring lives a little more while they had nothing else to do.

What's more, the demon race had a variety of sub-races such as the succubus race, the hell butterfly race, or the illusion swan race... All these races had beautiful women and handsome men who, if they wished, could have fun participating in "ride games" with other members since relationships were not forbidden at all.

For the past two days, however, this world that was easily tens of thousands of times larger than Earth fell into a state of alert, and all the demons who were having fun were summoned to the Demon Lord Hill where Lucifer resided.

Inside the meeting hall, all the Commander level demons gathered except for two of them who were nowhere to be seen. The atmosphere was extremely serious and the mood was heavy, so no one dared to speak as they silently looked at the man sitting on the main stone seat.

After a long time, Valiant opened her mouth and said, "Your Majesty, Fire Sorrow and the Bloody Succubus are still on that small planet called Earth?"

No one was surprised that Valiant was the first to break the silence, after all, she was one of the Commanders Lucifer liked the most as she could keep her composure and sense of logic even under the worst of circumstances. However, when the two words "Bloody Succubus" came out of Valiant's mouth, there were some changes in the faces of those present.

"I already called Fire Sorrow back so she should be here within two days given her knowledge of space law," Lucifer answered calmly.

The laziness that characterized him was nowhere to be seen and, for the first time in the last hundred thousand years, he showed a slight frown on his face."So, what about Lilith...?" Crow asked, hesitantly.

Actually, Crow had heard about Bai Zemin and Lilith. In fact, some of his peers playfully teased him every chance they got over the past few months. However, he didn't mind since Bai Zemin was only a level 100 little soul evolver so as far as Crow was concerned he couldn't even lay a finger on the woman who would eventually be his.

This time no one mocked Crow for asking about Lilith like in the past but rather the atmosphere became heavier when that name came up.

"There is no need for her to come." Lucifer responded as calmly as before and said directly, "I know what you all are thinking, you brats. To some of you I am even older than the world you were born into, do you think you can hide what is in your heads from me? Talk straight and don't be little pussies."

They all looked at each other in dismay. Even though Lucifer himself put it this way it wasn't that easy to say some things!

Finally, Luciah opened her mouth and asked the question they all wanted to ask but didn't dare.

"Will you kick the Bloody Succubus Lilith out of the Demonic Army or kill her right away?"

The multiple Commanders held their breath and stared at Lucifer while secretly holding up their thumbs towards Luciah.

"Kuck the Bloody Succubus out? Kill her?" Lucifer looked at everyone one by one as he said in a cold, casual voice, "Why would I do such a thing? Just because she killed that damn fire pigeon and broke a useless treaty worth shit? I should kill her just because someone says she's from another dimension? What a fucking joke! I personally set up the Demon Army and a good number of you were invited by me so you should know what kind of person I am. Just a bunch of spineless motherfuckers want to push me to expel one of my own? I wanna see who dares!"

Even though he was cursing and spitting bad words all over the place, Lucifer's emerald eyes glowed dominantly and the aura that only those who were on the top for countless years erupted from his body.

Everyone's eyes shone brightly as they heard his words and suddenly felt as if the hot blood running inside their bodies was boiling at millions of degrees Celsius!

Who dares!

Those words echoed and reverberated inside their heads over and over again, reminding them once again of the reason why in the past they knelt down to follow in this man's steps!

"Your Majesty, mind your vocabulary." Despite her words, Valiant had a very rarely seen smile at the corner of her lips.

"Shit!" Hellscar jumped to his feet and raised his palm in preparation to viciously strike the stone table, but remembering how Crow bled the last time he broke the table Hellscar changed the trajectory of the blow and hit his chest so hard that the whole room rumbled as he said loudly and red-eyed, "Those damn pigeons are surely just coming up with the Bloody Succubus thing being from another dimension or some shit because she kicked that bitch Michael's ass and made him bled! Leader, let's kill them all and dye their clouds red!"

Crow immediately added immediately with murderous intent as well, "The Army of Heaven lost Michael who had the most powerful physical attack power among the pigeons. It is said that Medes was also wounded in battle... This is their lowest moment; I refuse to believe that we can't root them out!"

Even Valiant couldn't help but nod slightly. Although she naturally didn't plan on wiping out the Army of Heaven completely, dealing them a heavy blow to make them understand that they weren't soft persimmons was well within the realm of possibility given the situation.

Only Luciah remained silent and had no opinion on the matter. Her ghostly white eyes glanced sideways at Lucifer and there was a hint of doubt in them, almost as if she was silently asking him what he was planning to do after saying such words.

Luciah was Lucifer's younger sister, but the age gap between them was as insignificant as a decade. In other words, she not only understood her older brother's temperament and personality very well, but she was also aware of some secrets that others had no idea about.

"We will open the Gate to Hell and have those on other worlds be ready to teleport to Kram World at any time," Lucifer said suddenly, silencing the enthusiastic Hellscar and shocking the ferocious Crow that were waiting to kill angels to vent the rage in their hearts.

"Open the Gate to Hell...?" Hellscar stared blankly and dug through his memories before sucking in a breath of cold air, "This...! That damn thing that connects all our worlds but takes up ten Seventh Order Soul Stones over seven days?! I...!"

The so-called Gate to Hell was a colossalsized teleportation array that covered half of Kram World and which was made up of over two trillion runes. According to legend, a total of 5000 rune engravers worked without sleep or food for 10,000 years, and literally countless Soul Stones were invested to create it.

To this day, however, the Gate to Hell has never been activated. After all, its use was very simple; to allow all members of the Demonic Army protecting other worlds to teleport directly to Kram World.

In the eyes of all the members of the Demonic Army, the Gate to Hell was a useless array and no one could understand why Lucifer would invest so much effort and resources into it. After all, no one in their right mind would attack the core world of the Demonic Army unless they really wanted to die without raising even a small wave.

Even if a Leader already in the Eighth Order dared to come he or she would still have to wonder if they could make it back home alive!

"Y- Your Majesty, you... Aren't you mistaken?" Crow asked stammering, "Want to activate that thing now? B- But why?"

Even in the Demonic Army, the number of Seventh Order Soul Stones was less than 50 after many millions of years of being established!

Not to mention that the Gate to Hell would also consume over 1000 Sixth Order Soul Stones!

"It's because Lilith most likely... No, she's surely someone from another dimension. If it was just some other dimension it wouldn't be a big deal, the problem is that she's from a rather troublesome alternative dimension." Lucifer sighed and immediately felt a headache just from saying these words.

"This..."

Crow and Hellscar exchanged glances before sitting down without saying anything. However, their eyes were fixed on Lucifer.

"Your Majesty, do alternate dimensions really exist?" Valiant asked with a frown, "I know about other dimensions where small life forms not much stronger than the Lower Existences of our universe such as unintelligent Fire Spirits or playful little pixies live... But how come I never heard anything about alternative dimensions? There aren't even any books that record this occurrence."

Lucifer looked at the four people who were there before slowly closing his eyes.

"You have accompanied me for many years... Each of you has your own past and history with me that led you to be here and that led us to be gathered together today. I will tell you now some things that only thirteen people have known over the course of the last millions of years... Even though there are only twelve of us now since Lilith killed Michael."

Something that only twelve people alive in the entire cosmos knew? Everyone present was smart so they immediately realized who those twelve were after hearing Lucifer say that Michael whose life was ended by Lilith used to be number thirteen.

Eight of those twelve were definitely the eight Leaders of Higher Existences. As for the other four... they were most likely those who had lived longer than anyone else.

Subconsciously or not, Valiant and the others glanced at Luciah for a moment as the image of Fire Sorrow appeared in their memories.

Discord link for Pandanovel, for quick updates by fellow readers like you. > https://discord.gg/Gmb86aUSFP