Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After making sure that the injuries suffered by Zhong De were not serious, Bai Zemin looked at the few kneeling maidservants and said calmly, "All of you need not be so frightened. I don't plan to do anything bad to you in any way. My targets were Ye Qigang, Du Meng, Lei Su, and Yang Pei, the four leaders of this camp. Now that they are dead, I will be taking control of the village in their place."

The maidservants looked at him with a touch of fear but his words had managed to calm them down a bit. After all, the previous four leaders were not saints and had committed many heinous acts so even if Bai Zemin did bad things as long as he didn't kill them, these women would believe it was normal since they had seen such behavior from those in power for a whole week.

A voluptuous woman with a slim aura of elegance stood up and while looking at Bai Zemin lowered her head politely, "My name is Qin Ming. May I know the gentleman's name?"

"It is Bai Zemin." Bai Zemin replied in a deep voice as he looked at the woman about nine or ten years older than him. Not only was her body voluptuous, but her face could be considered a beauty if not for the small burn that had not yet healed at the edge of her lips; but even then, Qin Ming was a beauty in her own right.

Before the apocalypse erupted with the appearance of the Soul Record, Qin Ming was a successful businesswoman within Ruilin Subdistrict with assets exceeding three million yuan. However, two days after the apocalypse, she fell into the hands of Du Meng during a raid on a small village several kilometers away.

Because of her natural beauty, Lei Su had wanted to force himself upon her, but she refused and fought until Du Meng stopped him. However, before letting her go, Lei Su had taken it upon himself to brand her with a boiling match, thus damaging her beauty as a warning.

After a moment's hesitation, Qin Ming gritted her teeth and decided to bet everything: "Leader Bai, since this will be your new settlement, I think you should gather the survivors to make your rules known."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin looked at her with a tinge of surprise in his eyes but quickly understood what she meant.

Not only was it necessary to change the name of this camp but it was also necessary to make his face known among the survivors. In addition, Bai Zemin also needed to recruit men to arm them properly and start delegating tasks.

Bai Zemin smiled and nodded in satisfaction: "Qin Ming, from today you will be my housekeeper. Gather the maidservants and the women of the leaders. Then take them to Ye Qigang's villa, it will be my new home."

Qin Ming was elated at the new position and quickly nodded hurriedly before looking at the rest of the women who looked at her enviously and began to give orders. Because of her previous job, it was easy for her to guide and take the role of a small leader so soon all the women began to move in an orderly fashion.

* * *

Shangguan Bing Xue and the rest drove the buses, the big Dongfeng truck, and the various pickup trucks through the camp.

The male and female students as well as the teachers had looks of amazement as they looked at the more than seven hundred survivors standing around the well-lit central square.

"Amazing!" Wu Yijun exclaimed as she looked at the corpses of the militants. "He alone really managed to fight and kill so many gunmen!"

Shangguan Bing Xue's beautiful eyes also had a strange glint in them as she looked at the scene. She had faced a group of just over a dozen men armed with machine guns and rifles so she knew that even with her constant evolution it was not simple to defeat an armed squad.

However, Bai Zemin had managed to wipe out more than thirty by himself. The reason for her surprise stemmed from the fact that he did not possess a skill like her First Order Ice Maker, capable of defending and attacking at the same time; at least, she had not seen him use one. However, after remembering the Magic Treasure Broken Bronze Bell, it all made sense.

...

After the students disembarked the buses they were ordered to stand up with the rest of the village survivors, so they all had no choice but to stand in the midst of people who were clearly not in a good situation.

It was only then that several of them realized that from today on, their lives could take as big a turn as when the Soul Record showed up unannounced. Many even regretted it, but it was too late.

Standing on a small stage made of wood, Bai Zemin looked at the thousand-plus people with an indifferent gaze. However, only he knew that he was not really calm at all.

A step behind him, "Lili" watched the scene with a small smile as if she was having a lot of fun.

"Now do you understand why I wanted you to conquer as many places as you can?" Bai Zemin heard the succubus' seductive voice in his head like the devil's whisper.

Bai Zemin looked at her out of the corner of his eye and took a deep breath as he read the messages flashing in his retina.

[The number of living beings under your command have exceeded one thousand. You can now choose the 'Lower Leader' Subclass] Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Subclass!

Bai Zemin's main class was currently Blood Berserker and while it was true that this would change once he reached the Second Order, the rest of his classes would remain somewhat similar to the current one but stronger. However, a subclass was something he hadn't expected since Lilith had never mentioned it to him!

A subclass was something that helped role-playing video game players to get some extra power without interfering with the main class or the player's goals.

Although generally a subclass was a lot weaker than the main class, the extra help was always good because if two beings with a class of the same type faced each other, the one with a better subclass would be the victor in the end.

Bai Zemin did not hesitate and accepted the Lower Leader subclass right away.

[You have successfully acquired the 'Lower Leader' subclass]

[A leader is one who leads his/her followers to success and victory. You still have a long way to go towards the path of a true King!]

[Lower Leader: Increase the total power by 1% and another 0.1% for every 1000 people under your rule. You have the ability to name two people 'Loyal Follower'. Those who become your Loyal Follower will never be able to betray you and in life and death situations will be able to use 5% of your overall strength]

[To evolve to the next tier you need to have 10,000 people under your rule]

Bai Zemin did his best to stay calm as he knew he was currently being watched by more than a thousand people. However, it was extremely difficult for him to do this as this new subclass had opened up a world of possibilities for him!