As Qin Ming looked at Bai Zemin's back, dozens of memories flashed one by one right in front of her eyes.

"It hasn't even been three years since that time but somehow it feels like an eternity..."

The Sky Emperor's Palace was very large as even the distance between the floor and the ceiling was divided by huge white columns edged with gold that stood like coiled dragons. In the middle of the huge hallway, Qin Ming looked lonely but her whole being exuded a sense of euphoria and happiness.

Who would have thought that the average-looking young college student from back then would one day become the emperor of mankind and put an end to the apocalypse on Earth?

Even though Qin Ming was just a housekeeper, no one dared to treat her with discourtesy and those who did not know her would rather believe her identity 1000 times than not believe her no matter how many doubts they had. Being the housekeeper of a normal family meant that that family trusted you enough to leave you the keys to their house, but being the housekeeper of the emperor of mankind meant that he trusted Qin Ming enough to leave her in charge of everything regardless of whether he was out or at home!

The irony was that in the past a successful businesswoman like Qin Ming would absolutely not put the job she had today in her eyes.However, she never behaved arrogantly even though she was proud of her current position. Being tortured and cruelly abused in the early days of the apocalypse erased that snobbish pride she used to have, making her who she was today.

The only thing Qin Ming felt was gratitude; infinite and boundless gratitude to the person who gave her everything, including pride and respect, when she was at her lowest point and with nothing to hold on to.

...

"Yijun, any drawback?"

Bai Zemin walked into the throne room and immediately saw Wu Yijun standing next to the left side of the Throne of Creation. As for Shangguan Bing Xue, Bai Zemin had his own guesses as to why she was not there.

"Ah, you came." Wu Yijun had been paying attention to the mana screen in front of her so Bai Zemin's voice jolted her at first. She quickly explained, "Aunt Xinyue brought the first group of asuras from the third nearest city and not long after Naomi's team arrived. According to the reports they both sent, the total number adds up to approximately 2,100,000 asuras, but if we add the almost 3,000,000 living here in the capital..."

Bai Zemin sat on the throne and nodded with a thoughtful expression as he gazed intently at the mana screen.

The scene unfolding outside was quite chaotic, to say the least.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The 3,000,000 asuras living in the capital were surprised when an additional 2,000,000 who should not have been there suddenly appeared. What's more, those two million that came out of nowhere were being watched over by a few thousand extremely strong humans and aircraft vehicles whose technology they could not identify.

One could only try to imagine how chaotic the scene of over 5,000,000 people agitated.

"Time to start." Bai Zemin took a deep breath and soon turned off the camouflage function that covered and cloaked the floating city.

...

Yi Yang was a soul evolver of Chinese descent but grew up in the West for most of his life. His current level was 145 and he was right in the middle between the higher levels of the faction, so his power was nothing to scoff at. Even so, though, he still felt helpless as he watched the over 400,000 asuras running all over the place or readying to fight.

"Don't move around without paying attention! Stand the fuck still!"

Yi Yang was one of the generals under the group led by Naomi Sanchez, and under his immediate command there were over 2000 soul evolvers all of them above level 80 and even a few above level 100. When they arrived at the first city earlier they were forced to kill over 40,000 asuras before they managed to forcibly calm them down.

They had previously thought that this would be a simple task given that among them were tens of thousands of powerhouses whose lowest level was beyond 60, but only now did they realize that this was not the case.

"Damn it!" Yi Yang gritted his teeth and extended his hand outward. One of the rings on his right hand glowed and a moment later a pale red arc appeared there, "Blame yourselves for being so troublesome!"

Yi Yang was about to shoot, as were many of his comrades who were preparing to attack in different parts of the city, when suddenly all the asuras who were moving and drawing their weapons to fight the invaders halted.

'Huh?' Yi Yang was surprised when he suddenly saw hundreds of thousands of people freezing as if they had been practicing it for several months.

'What happened?' Yi Yang followed the eyes of the asuras into the sky.

Just at that moment, several ripples appeared in the space and gradually a huge floating city suspended 500 meters above began to reveal itself. The mana around the city whirled and five seconds later a giant screen made of energy was displayed; there, the image of a splendid throne room appeared before everyone's eyes, but what attracted their attention was not the appearance of the beauty of the room nor the beautiful human female whose beauty was even beyond that of most female asuras.

What attracted the attention of the asuras immediately was the young man sitting on the majestic aspect throne. That young man was extremely handsome to the point where it was senseless, but none of this mattered to the asuras because they recognized that young man.

"I think you all must know me today considering that I almost destroyed your kingdom over two years ago and recently killed your Emperor as well." Bai Zemin began speaking with an indifferent expression on his face. Satisfied with the silence, he continued, "To be honest with you, I had the intention of killing you in consequence of the acts of cruelty you perpetrated over several millennia. However, I changed my mind after understanding the true past history of Obion World and those who live here."

Bai Zemin paused for ten long seconds but no one spoke and no one moved.

"The previous Asura Emperor made a request before he died; this was that if I changed my mind after I heard the truth behind your actions over the years I would give you a way out and not wipe you out... However, where I come from we have a saying that when you help Buddha you should do it all the way to the east. And so we will do that." Bai Zemin took a deep breath and said in a heavy voice, "At this time, my subordinates will organize you into groups of 400,000 and will then guide you in an orderly manner to the backyard of the imperial palace. There you will enter the huge ancient-looking pagoda you will see, and when you come out of the pagoda you will all be human like us."

What?

Become human?

"Fuck off!" A stout and fierce asura male roared, "Who wants to be a human?! This is the help you were talking about?! You're clearly insulting us!" "I'd rather die than change my race for a lame reason like that!"

"Just kill us all!"

"My daugther, please spare my daughter at least!"

"SHUT YOUR MOUTH!!" Bai Zemin roared furiously from Hero City in the sky.

His voice was amplified under the magical effect of the transmission emitted by the city's arrays, reverberating through the clouds and quelling the chaos that was starting to rise.

Those asuras whose levels were below 50 felt the world around them spinning and before they knew it they fell to the ground with blood running from their ears, eyes, nose, and mouth. Those above level 50 and below level 100 were better since they only felt their heads rumbling and at worst their ears were bleeding, but the truth was that none of them spoke again.

What kind of power is this!

Silencing 5,000,000 asuras with a single bellow? Not to mention that Bai Zemin was half a kilometer away in the sky!

Northwest of the capital city, Shangguan Xinyue looked up at the sky and the corner of her mouth twitched slightly, "This boy is becoming more and more scandalous..."

Currently, Shangguan Xinyue had already become a Fourth Order soul evolver in her own right. Her level was only 205 but her power allowed her to take on those up to 100 levels above without any problem and yet, she felt her spirit tremble and go weak when she heard Bai Zemin's roar. Although she was sure that Bai Zemin had used a skill or else it was impossible to cause such an effect just by shouting, Shangguan Xinyue did not remember that skill among the skills he used in the past.

"Those who do not want to get reconnected with the Soul Record leave the city at this instant in an orderly manner. This Bai Zemin swears that you absolutely will not be stopped but you absolutely won't get another chance later even if you kneel down and beg with tears!" Bai Zemin snorted as he looked down on the city.

Reconnecting with the Soul Record?

The asuras looked at each other with those closest to them. They all saw the disbelief and shock in the eyes of their peers as they truly could not believe what they had just heard.

Because Obion World was abandoned over 20,000 years ago there were no asura alive who knew what it felt like to be connected to the Soul Record. When they were born they were simply taught something and thanks to the special talent of their race they were barely able to make use of the mana stolen from other worlds. However, just as one did not need to eat a pig to know what one was, all asuras regardless of their age were clear on what the Soul Record was and what it embodied.

Access to treasures, skill scrolls, the ability to read the records and effects of those materials already identified in the past by someone else, freedom to use the mana in their bodies, to have a better understanding of their own strengths... The advantages were simply too many to list them all.

"You... Are you serious?" An asura who looked to be about 50 years old but surely had much more than that took a step forward and gazed skyward with wide eyes. Next to him was a little guy who looked to be between 6 and 8 years old; this was his son.Despite the distance and the large number of asuras, Bai Zemin looked presciently at that asura who had just spoken. He had become thousands of times sharper towards every source of life after evolving into Blood Warlock, a trait that was probably untraceable just like other stats like Charm and Critical.

"You think I need to play tricks on you? As far as I'm concerned this is all a big headache from which I don't even know if I'll be able to get anything out of or not." Bai Zemin countered with a serious expression 011 his face.

"If you... If Your Majesty really can connect my son Edmund to the Soul Record through race change then I..." The man glanced at his young son before gritting his teeth and saying in a firm voice, "I, Lucah Salomon am willing to follow you!"

Lucah Salomon did not have high hopes for himself. His level was low and his life expectancy was reaching the limit so all his dreams had mostly died. However, his little son was different.

What parent did not yearn for the success of their offspring?

What parent didn't want their children to have the best life possible?

In an instant, more than 3,000,000 asuras began to cry out that they were willing to be the first to go into the Limitless Pagoda to prove the truth of Bai Zemin's words.

Parents, grandparents, uncles, aunts, sisters, brothers.... All those asuras who had one or more young children in their family immediately agreed to become guinea pigs for the sake of their younger generations.

Back in the throne room at the Sky Emperor Palace, Wu Yijun looked at the faint smile on Bai Zemin's face with shining eyes.

He did not kill anyone and in fact saved many lives by personally intervening. And yet, a few words were enough to completely change the scene without the need to physically appear before them.

Was there anything the man in front of her could not do?

Wu Yijun could not help but sigh. At this point it was impossible for her not to fall in love with someone as outstanding as him, and she knew that she had fallen too deeply into the river of love to go back.

One day passed quickly.

Over 2,300,000 asuras went through the racial change via the Limitless Pagoda successfully and became humans.