Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

-Obion World, capital city, Imperial Palace.

The library of the royal family of the asura race was very large, covering roughly an area the size of two soccer fields, completely filled with books. The wooden bookshelves stood almost 10 meters high and were packed to the point where there was no free space to put more books there.

Fantasy stories, romantic tales, and there were even a few low-level magic books there. Although the library was in the Imperial Palace it was not closed to the public and every day a maximum of 10.000 asuras could visit the place to read if they wished while there was almost no numerical limit for those who wanted to take one or two books home to read before returning them within the prescribed time limit.

The huge library was completely empty of life except for two people.

Meng Qi was reading a thick brown book that had all kinds of mysterious engravings and drawings composed of small or large magic circles. Her pretty face was serious and she would occasionally nod or shake her head to herself as she drew something in the notebook in front of her.

Sitting across from her, Bai Zemin raised his head and looked at her for a few seconds before lowering his head again. He did not have a dominated skill like Meng Qj who could understand all the languages of the universe without much effort so naturally he was not reading books at the moment.

In fact, he was currently looking into his status window and had been for quite some time.

------------

[Name: Bai Zemin - Status Points: 1020 Level: 200 (Third Order) Race: Perfect Human Bloodline: Perfect Human

Class: Blood Berserker (First Order) - Blood Mystic (Second Order) - Blood Warlock (Third Order)

Subclass: (King) - (Dimensional Shadow Monarch)

Titles: One Hit to Kill - Brilliant Mind - Savior of the World - Destroyer of Destroyers - One VS Millions - King of China - Demigod - Master of Shadows - Successor of the Sky Emperor - Apocalypse Finisher? - Empyrean Divergent

[Strength: 17.983 (+405)] - [Agility: 17.100 (+495)1 - [Health: 21.244 / 52.169 (+70)] - [Stamina: 21.594 (+235)! - [Mana: 18.000 ( + 350)] - [Magic: 19.044 (+255)] - [Spiritual Power: 7301].

[Passive Skills: -1

Blood Berserker's Wrath (UNIQUE skill)

Magic Break (Sixth Order level 5- UNIQUE skill)

Sacred Heart of the Demonic Soul (Fifth Order level 5 -UNIQUE skill)

Blacksmithing (Fourth Order level 4)

God of War's Will (Third Order level 5)

Diamond Body (Fourth Order level 5)

Cooking (Second Order level 5)

Transcendental Health (Third Order level 5) Transcendental Dexterity (Third Order level 5)

Predicted Danger Sense (First Order level 5)

Super Warrior (Firsth Order level 5) Mechanic (Unranked level 5)

Throwing (Unranked level 5)

Poison Resistance (Fifth Order level 5)

[Active Skills: -]

Blood Manipulation (Fifth Order level 5)

Gravity Manipulation (Fourth Order level 5)

Air Manipulation (Third Order level 5)

Blazing Punishment of Divine Blood (Fourth Order level 4) Regeneration (Third Order level 5)

Crimson Lightning Flash (Third Order level 5)

Invisibility (First Order level 5)

All For One (Third Order level 5 - UNIQUE skill)

Lord's Word (Third Order level 5)

Lonely Wolf Aura (Fourth Order level 1)

Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth (Third Order level 4) Mankind's Pioneer (Third Order level 5)

Soul Manipulation (F.X Rank level 1)

Record Devastation (UNIQUE skill level 5)

Restoration (Second Order level 5)

Shadow Control (Fourth Order level 5)

Drain Life (Fourth Order level 5)

Magic Suppression (Fourth Order level 5)

Dark Mist (Second Order level 4)

Rending of the Night (Sixth Order level 3)

------------

After Bai Zemin got busy yesterday for a few more hours helping Shangguan Bing Xue control the Asuras to prevent big trouble, he immediately excused himself when he saw that everything was starting to move in the right direction as something inside him seemed to urge him not to stand still.

The first thing Bai Zemin did was to take Meng Qi to the Imperial Palace where the Emperor of the Asura race used to reside. Because the entire Asura race was gathering outside, this place was empty except for the beautiful Asura maidens who would go through the transformation last as they would temporarily be preparing food along with the few maidens who followed the group from Earth but stayed in Hero City to avoid being crushed by the world's gravity.

As Meng Qi browsed through the magic books of this warrior race, Bai Zemin was finally able to pay attention to the other records that he was unable to see as he was forced to return to his duties.

When Bai Zemin saw his status window he was very shocked as he saw changes he did not expect to see and new things he certainly did not imagine to see.

[Your soul and body are now far stronger. The power of your subclass 'Dimensional Shadow Monarch' gets stronger. Your 'Shadow Control' skill has evolved directly to the maximum rank and Rending of the Night has become a level 3 Sixth Order skill]!

[Shadow Control (Fourth Order active skill) level 5: Consumes 500 Mana points to activate and control the shadows for 1 hour, being able to transform the shape of the shadows into a physical or magical object that will listen to the will of the user while the effect is active.

[Giant Shadow Possession (Second Activation): Spend 1500 Mana points to activate. It merges many shadows into one and boosts both your physical power and your physical defense immensely. The user can join with up to 5 Giant Shadows for 15 minutes, greatly increasing the power and vitality of the physical body during that period of time. Secondary effect: The greater the number of Giant Shadows, the greater the damage once the time limit is reached. Cooldown time: 72 hours].

------------

After reaching its maximum allowed level, Shadow Control gained a new active effect.

Leaving aside the fact that Bai Zemin would only have to spend Mana once per hour instead of having to invest 50 Mana points every 30 seconds like in the past, this skill that he obtained in Eventide World after defeating the Demon Lord finally became one of the main skills in his aresenal thanks to the 'Giant Shadow Possession' activation.

Bai Zemin had not yet tested this effect but he knew it was powerful. With his current physical body and the power of his records, there should be no collateral damage for most skills and yet Giant Shadow Possession could still hurt him.

Besides, an active with 3 days of cooldown certainly couldn't be a small thing!

As for Rending of the Night... The power of the skill itself almost hadn't changed at all, it was just that it now had one or two new "bonus features" that made this attack skill even more horrifying and scary than it already was.

------------

[Rending of the Night (Sixth Order active skill) level 3: uses the power of shadows and space to cut off distances and unleash a double attack towards the unprotected enemy, getting easier to activate as the user becomes more adept at controlling space and shadows Currently only works with spears, daggers, javelins, arrows and darts].

[Effect l: Closes the distance between your weapon and the enemy's body after tearing the space screen].

[Effect 2: Creates a night-black shadow that copies your attack to launch an assault from w-hich it is practically impossible to protect against thanks to the first effect. The shadow copy of the attack contains 100% of the power of the original attack and has a 100% chance of getting through enemy defenses].

[Effect 3: When the battlefield is surrounded by darkness or shadows it increases the critical hit rate up to 70%].

[Its activation consumes 5 points of Spiritual Power or 30.000 points of Mana. The user is free to choose the type of energy to consume in each activation).

[Cooldown: None].

------------

Even though the consumption level to activate it had more than doubled, Bai Zemin felt like howling at the sky since his current self had no problems when it came to Spiritual Power. 70% critical hit rate and no cooldown time!

Really, as expected from a Sixth Order skill!

[Apocalypse Finisher? (Title): You have brought partial peace to all races in your world. Earth's will towards you increases considerably making it easier for you to use some skills there].

Bai Zemin was not too surprised by this title even though he had no idea about the Earth's will or other worlds in general. The only thing that kept him hesitating was the question mark at the end of the word Finisher, but his other new title kept him busy enough that he didn't have time for minor things.

"Empyrean Divergent..." Bai Zemin frowned as he muttered to himself.

Not only was the name eye-catching, but it was also worded differently on his status window.

This title was actually the evolution of his title 'Irregular' and he apparently obtained it when he killed the angel called Sonnata, creating for the first time a huge record in which a Second Order Lower Existence killed a Fifth Order Higher Existence.

The problem was the following...

[Empyrean Divergent (Title): ????]

When Bai Zemin found the records of this title an hour ago he felt like coughing up blood.

What the hell are those question marks supposed to mean anyway? Are you telling me that the Soul Record can't "decode" the title information? Bai Zemin really wanted to call the moderators and complain about making his life harder than it already was!

"At least I can still open portals to other worlds. The cooldown time was even reduced to only 3 months..." Bai Zemin sighed and shook his head.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Big brother, are you alright?"

Bai Zemin was startled when he heard a voice beside him. When he raised his head and saw Meng Qi gazing at him with concern he suddenly remembered where he was and with whom.

"Ah, it's nothing." Bai Zemin forced a smile and said.

"I heard you saying Empyrean Divergent multiple times in the past two hours." Meng Qi pointed and said carefully, "Although I don't know what's wrong, the word Empyrean is indeed a word associated with the highest heavens while the word Divergent relates to difference and separation from something or somethings."

Bai Zemin nodded slowly with a thoughtful expression on his face.

Seeing that her words seemed to have helped him, Meng Qi smiled slightly before lowering her head and refocusing on the book in front of her. She really wanted to decipher the principles of magic used by the asuras because she knew it would be a great advancement for the entire faction and thus of great help to her brother!

Bai Zemin turned the matter around several times but in the end gave up. Since this 'high rank' title was not a bad thing then there was no need to worry too much as he believed that when the time came he would naturally learn its meaning, as well as its true effects which were hidden.

'Now...' Bai Zemin took a deep breath and finally looked at the latest records he had found after much searching.

[You have reached the maximum level of your current stage thus you can no longer absorb the Soul Power of those enemies you will defeat. To continue leveling up you must first choose a new job and complete all the evolution requirements, only then you wall be able to keep getting stronger).

[With the achievements and the records you have earned until now, a path you can take is now seen. Please select a job. A befitting trial will be given to you: - ]

1.) Transcendent Human].

2.) Blood Emperor].

These were the only two options Bai Zemin had before him to choose from of which only one would be taken while the other would be lost forever.Perhaps it was because he was nearing the "end" of the construction of the path he would follow for the rest of his days but there were only two options unlike his previous evolutions in which he always had at least four or five to choose from.

To be honest with himself, Bai Zemin was extremely tempted by option number 1: Transcendent Human. This was the first time he was so tempted to follow a path that had nothing to do with the word Blood.

The word "Transcendent" was related to the divine to a certain extent, since by transcending you would break all chains to become something higher. If not for the word "Human" which looked big and powerful there, Bai Zemin would probably have taken that option without even glancing at the second one.

'In those memories of my life in that ten thousand year illusion I remember that my title was Blood Emperor Bai Zemin... I wonder if this has something to do with it.' Bai Zemin thought with seriousness.

In that illusion, Bai Zemin was the owner of immeasurable power and no one in the entire cosmos could stop him. He judged that his self from that life was absolutely not inferior to legends like the Barbarian King or the Ice Goddess Skadi.

Of course, Bai Zemin did not expect to acquire such a power as soon as he entered the Fourth Order. He didn't even know if 'Blood Emperor' was his job/class in that life... However, he always trusted his instinct and this time would be no exception to this rule.

"I choose number 2... Blood Emperor." Bai Zemin whispered softly in order not to interrupt Meng Qi.

Little did he expect that these two words of his would cause quite the commotion.

Meng Qi was focused on the 2-circuit magic circle in front of her when she suddenly felt as though the whole world was shaking. Howl!!!Meng Qi jumped to her feet and exclaimed in surprise, "W-What happened!"

However, when Meng Qi saw her brother's dumbfounded and slightly pale face she suddenly felt that something was not right. Slowly, she turned and looked toward the window.

Her sweet little mouth opened slightly at the same time as her eyes widened, trembling in shock.

Her exaggerated reaction was not surprising at all considering the absolutely unnatural change that was taking place in the sky. Of course, this nascent phenomenon could be seen from all corners within the universe!