Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

-A day before Bai Zemin chose his breakthrough class to the Fourth Order, Kram World.

When Lucifer appeared in the sides above the core world of the Demonic Army he was not surprised by strange sights.

"Well, well, well..." Lucifer whistled and raised both eyebrows as he said in a voice full of disdain, "I don't remember telling any of you my birthday so could you tell me why you all gathered in my place? And let me tell you, today isn't even my birthday at all anyway."

Unlike Lucifer who was still acting calm, Luciah couldn't help but narrow her eyes and grip her dragon slayer spear tighter as she saw the terrifying formation in front of her.

Standing in front of over 250,000 beautiful men and women wearing golden armor and long fleshy wings, Long Tian snorted and took a step forward resulting in the atmosphere rumbling fiercely.

"Lucifer, you're still in the mood for jokes considering the crisis you're in?"

"Crisis?" Lucifer seemed surprised as he looked at everyone with wide eyes. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed and his gaze became incomparably sharp as he said in a cold voice, "Do you really think I'm in some kind of crisis, brat? Haven't you lost enough face on Earth? Does your face itch?"

Long Tian didn't get angry at Lucifer's words but a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth as he said in a cold voice, "Actually, I did lose some face back then. I do admit that I got a little carried away... However, I won't be the one to lose his head!"

Lucifer snorted and sneered, "Who will lose his head remains to be seen, little kid!"

Then, he looked at everyone present and said in an indifferent voice, "You all came here looking for problems? Do you really think my Demonic Army is easy to push around?"

Empress Fénix led approximately 350,000 members of her faction. She wore tight-fitting red leather armor that emphasized every curve of her ravishing body. Stepping forward, she looked at Lucifer calmly and said slowly, "Lucifer, we didn't come here to cause trouble and you already know that too. Why don't you just hand over that young girl so we can all go home early? You also know that protecting her will not only bring calamity upon yourself but could bring calamity to our entire dimension."

"Calamity or no calamity is not for you to decide!" Lucifer looked at her indifferently and replied. His eyes swept over the rest of them and he said coldly, "Are you all really sure that Lilith is part of that dimension? Don't you realize that someone might be pulling some strings from the shadows to cause trouble? You all are not teenagers anymore so you better think well before you act. My counterattack will certainly be fierce and merciless!"

In this kind of circumstance, Lucifer knew from his vast experience that he absolutely could not back down even half a step. If he showed the slightest weakness he would end up being eaten piece by piece by his opponents!

"Hmph, still pretending ignorance." Salazar took a step forward, surging ahead of his army of 500,000 zombies. He was wearing a completely black plate armor with a small white skull in the chest area and there was a scythe over 3 meters long in his right hand, "Regardless of whether or not that girl is from that dimension she still has to die!"

In reality, none of those present was stupid. In fact, when the God of Heaven did not appear on the scene they realized that they might be being used as chess pawns. However, they really could not afford not to!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Empress Phoenix was clearly reluctant to fight as she said in a soft voice: "You know better than all of us the danger that dimension represents, Lucifer. Even though we are now the main dimension in the past we were on equal footing with them and our ancestors were barely able to snatch victory from them through making great sacrifices."

The terror of that battle was something that only a few with access to certain records knew since at that time not even the most ancient beings in the universe like Lucifer and others had been born.

"Medes was wounded and Michael was lulled. Do you really think we will believe your excuses?" Nikolai who brought with him over 400,000 members of his faction shook his head and pointed out, "Uriel's explanation is very logical and has no loopholes. Just give up, Lucifer."

Lucifer looked at the six Leaders one by one before stopping on two of them.

"Eternal Phoenix, Lethar; you two went so far as to make two blood-based Soul Contracts with that boy from Earth to avoid becoming his enemies. Do you really want to do this now? The little girl you guys want to kill is that boy's woman... Hehehe, I guess you all aren't aware of the latest news, are you?"

Although Bai Zemin's name was not mentioned, the Phoenix Empress and Lethar who led 600,000 werewolves still clearly remembered that young man who despite being at level 100 managed to successfully slay an almost immortal nine-headed dragon standing in the peak of the Fourth Order.

Leaving aside the fact that neither of them had any interest in Earth no matter how abnormal it seemed to be, the truth was that both the Phoenix Empress and Lethar saw the terrifying growth potential that Bai Zemin had. It was practically written in stone that within the next 500 years he would become a Higher Existence, giving birth to the ninth faction of Higher Existences.

Not only Bai Zemin but a large number of soul evolvers under his leadership showed terrifying potential at that time. Therefore, Eternal Phoenix and Lethar really didn't want to antagonize that people unless they really had no choice.

"You said something about latest news just now. What do you mean?" The beautiful Phoenix Empress frowned slightly and asked in an unquestioning voice.

"Hehehe..." Lucifer smiled strangely and his eyes shone with a mysterious light as he said without being sweet or salty, "It turns out that Michael wasn't the only angel who was killed recently. The Army of Heaven lost a Fifth Order angel on the same day that Michel died... Of course, if it was just the death of a little Fifth Order angel I wouldn't bother bringing it up but the matter at hand is WHO killed this Fifth Order angel!"

Lethar's eyes suddenly widened as a crazy thought crossed his heart and he immediately shook his head and said firmly, "Impossible."

Lucifer chuckled and shook his head, "Lethar, stubborn as ever eh? You of the wolf race really aren't very good at this thinking thing, are you?"

"Bastard!" A stout long-haired man howled angrily as he heard the contempt in Lucifer's words.

His name was Amouri and he was a Seventh Order werewolf; one of the Commanders of the Heavenly Moon Army.

Just as Amouri was preparing to attack in a fit of rage, he saw a flash of black light and immediately tilted his head to the side out of pure instinct.

"Amouri, my Leader is talking to your Leader. Since when is it your place, a tiny cat, to speak?"

Amouri could feel his heart beating fiercely as he raised his left hand and touched his cheek. His pupils trembled slightly when he saw the blood on his hand and the fear inside him grew as his gaze met Luciah's completely white, indifferent eyes.

The scene of Luciah battling without being at a disadvantage for a long time against Nikolai was still fresh in the memory of everyone present. Even though Amouri and Luciah were both Commander level existences, the difference in strength between the two was as great as the distance between heaven and earth!

"Alright, stand back." Lethar shook his head and blocked his people who looked furious and eager to attack. He naturally didn't want to be the first to step forward since the first person who advanced would definitely take the brunt of Lucifer's and the Demonic Army's wrath.

Eternal Phoenix gave Lucifer a deep look before looking over to the side of the Army of Heaven.

Neither Medes nor Uriel had come today. Those leading the more than 700,000 angels were two archangels with 3 pairs of wings each.

The Phoenix Empress glanced for a moment at Gabriel before setting her eyes on the other archangel.

"Raciel, is it true that a Fifth Order angel fell from heaven the same day Michael died?" She asked in a serious voice.

Raciel was a very handsome male archangel. His hair was as white as snow and his eyes as blue as the endless ocean. His smooth, soft skin could make even women jealous but he certainly did not lack an aura of masculinity around him.

He looked at the Phoenix Empress for a long while before nodding without saying a word.

The Phoenix Empress narrowed her eyes and asked again, "By any chance, whoever killed this angel is a Lower Existence?"

" ... I don't know anything about that since I haven't left Heaven in many years. If you ask me, though, I would say I find it ridiculous to think that a Lower Existence could kill a Higher Existence; Your Highness yourself knows the difference between classes after all." Raciel shook his head and refused to say any more.

Seeing this, the Phoenix Empress nodded and did not press any further. She had saved Raciel's life many years ago so it could be said that he owed her a favor, that's why she asked him since on his honor he would not lie to her even if he couldn't say much.

Selena was one of the Commanders of Endless Crimson Flame under the leadership of Eternal Phoenix. She leaned close and whispered in her ears, "Your Majesty, Lucifer is talking nonsense. It is just like Raciel and Lethar said; it is impossible for a mere Lower Existence to kill a Higher Existence regardless of the circumstances."

In fact, Eternal Phoenix herself could not believe what Lucifer's words implied. Even though she conceded that the young human had superb and immeasurable talent for being able to slay a dragon 300 levels above his own, the gap between 300 levels and 301 was too great when there was a abyss dividing Lower Existences from Higher Existences!

Just as Eternal Phoenix was about to say something, several silhouettes soared into the sky being led by a pair flying in front.A total of 2,000,000 members of the Demonic Army led by Fire Sorrow stood behind Lucifer, watching the "Invaders" with wariness and obvious bloodthirst.

Despite being at a slight numerical disadvantage, the invading army composed of six forces had a total advantage in terms of power. Leaving aside the fact that Lucifer was the only Eighth Order soul evolver on the Demonic Army's side while the other side had five, the Commander level existences on the Demonic Army's side totaled only six while the other side had almost 2 times that number and many more could arrive with a single order from their Leaders.

Everyone's eyes immediately fell on Lilith and the pressure she felt was as heavy as dozens of mountains on her shoulders. However, she remained calm and her face did not change at all; in fact, there was a slight smirk at the corner of her lips.

Fire Sorrow scanned the crowd and immediately sighed in relief as she saw that the Devourers and Destroyers faction led by Star Devourer decided not to show up. Among all the faction, this was the most dangerous faction as it was literally composed of lunatics who would smile at their death as long as they could have a little fun on the battlefield.

However, what Fire Sorrow didn't know was that some members of Devourers and Destroyers decided to target a different direction instead of joining in the main fun.

About a day away from Obion World, a basilisk-like beast over 20 feet tall was leading three other beasts that clearly belonged to different species.

A great crisis was approaching Obion World and the Transcendent faction unknown to all.