Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The moment Lilith showed herself everyone's expression changed. Gabriel narrowed his eyes, but even before he could say anything there was someone who beat him to it.

"Lucifer, enough of the chatter and excuses." Nikolai took a deep breath and said fiercely, "You have two choices in front of you now. Either you give up the life of that woman that doesn't even belong to our dimension or you continue to protect this trespasser at the cost of the lives of many of your followers!"

"Then there is no need to talk anymore." Lucifer casually waved his right hand as he said this.

Rumble...!

The mana density suddenly increased several folds as some members of the Demonic Army moved in different directions. A few seconds later, the sky was covered in yellow flames and in just an instant both the defending army and the attacking army found themselves in a world of blazing fire burning at high temperatures.

Fire Sorrow shot upwards and in no time she ascended more than 500 meters. When she reached the center of a star-shaped formation, she immediately threw a disk and shouted, "Thousand Fire Spear Array!"

Those Fifth Order soul evolvers immediately sensed great danger and their bodies tightened. In front of them, all kinds of fire weapons, fire animals, and even small fire insects began to move around as they gazed at them with not very generous interest.

"Looks like the recent lack of sleep affected you to the point of becoming stupid!" Long Tian coldly snorted and pulled out a golden spear from his storage ring. His golden eyes shone like spotlights as he charged towards Lucifer with a cold expression on his face, "Let me see how strong an old monster like you is!"

Luciah snorted in response and quickly activated Dragon Force as well as other skills that boosted her Strength and Agility stats tremendously. With some dragon scales growing on her snow white skin, she thrust her spear out and cried out, "IDragon Exile!

Seeing the growing black spear gleaming with red light, Long Tian grimaced and roared, "Learn your place, ant!!"

Without activating any skills or even using his spear, Long Tian clenched his left fist and struck forward without holding back in the slightest.

In just a split second, the fist and the spear met in the middle of the void.

BOOM!!!!

A white light spread from the point of impact, blinding the weakest. Surprisingly, there was no shockwave, but everyone saw Luciah being sent flying backwards like a rope whose string was cut.

Luciah only regained her balance after falling back over 400 meters, and although she wasn't hurt everyone saw both her hands trembling slightly as she tried to hold on tightly to her black spear.

"You think I'm like that trash Nikolai whose physical body is weaker than women's? Heh. If you don't want to die you'd better get out of my sight." Long Tian's voice was full of disdain and he did not hesitate to mock even his "ally" in arms.

Indeed, Nikolai's expression turned extremely ugly upon hearing Long Tian's mockery. His hatred for the Dragon God was carved into his bones after learning that it was he who killed Cinthia, one of the Commanders of Immortal Bloodlust.

"Worm, I'll deal with you when we're done with this problem!" Nikolai blurted out cruel words and immediately ordered with a yell, "Everyone! I want that woman killed in the shortest period of time; don't hesitate to kill anyone who tries to protect her or gets in your way!"

In just a matter of seconds, the scene where everyone was speaking turned into a fierce bloody and cruel battlefield where the usually extremely valuable lives of so many Higher Existences became as cheap as grains of sand.

The Dragon God Realm and Immortal Bloodlust were the first to attack but were quickly joined by the Army of Heaven followed not long after by the Army of Evolution. Dragons, vampires, and zombies activated their strongest skills without holding anything back and began to attack Lilith.

Of course, the Demonic Army did not just stand idly by and do nothing.

"Bastards, let's go out and greet these little cunts!" Crow waved at the army behind him and took the initiative to charge towards the sea of enemies with his body encircled by black flames.

In just an instant, Crow used his strength as a Seventh Order soul evolver and swiftly killed over 100 Fifth Order Higher Existences and even a Sixth Order one.

Crow was about to scoff when suddenly his expression changed as he felt two auras absolutely no weaker than him pressing down hard on him. He raised his sword in a hurry, but instead of attacking, he shielded himself.

BANG!!!

"Little raven, why don't you fight guys your own size instead of bullying little ones!" A Seventh Order vampire named Krutch smiled coldly as he slashed his claws towards Crow. His movements were so fast that his body was like a blur along with his sharp claws.

Crow was immediately forced to focus completely on defense as he was not only being pressed by Krutch's speed but also had to protect himself against the fierce punches of another Seventh Order zombie.

Hellscar had already transformed into a giant ape over 50 meters tall and was currently fighting fiercely against two Seventh Order enemies; an eastern dragon whose physical power was terrifying and the archangel Gabriel whose magical power and cognitive level were nothing to scoff at.

Valiant also engaged in battle. Her two giant blades were like deadly meat grinders as even though she was fighting against the archangel Raciel and a powerful Seventh Order dragon she actually had a slight advantage over them. She guarded herself when necessary but did not hesitate to attack when the opportunity presented itself, slowly racking up small wounds on the bodies of her opponents.

Seeing the outbreak of battle, Lethar sighed and shook his head. After a moment's hesitation, he looked at Eternal Phoenix and asked, "What do you plan to do now, Phoenix Empress?" Eternal Phoenix frowned and did not immediately answer Lethar's question but gazed at the battlefield with some hesitation.

The troops of the Demonic Army supported by the Thousand Fire Spear Array had a small advantage over the "alliance" composed of the Dragon God Realm; Immortal Bloodlust; the Army of Heaven; and the Army of Evolution. Despite being outnumbered, the power of the array covered that gap without a problem and even moved the balance in their favor.

Every time a member of the Demonic Army was killed, three enemies were razed to the ground and their lives were reaped either by their opponent's weapon or by the Thousand Fire Spear Array.

However, Eternal Phoenix and Lethar were clear that everything they were seeing was nothing more than a crystal-weak illusion. Crow and Hellscar were having trouble protecting themselves from the attacks of two opponents not at all weaker than them while Valiant had only a slight advantage over her two enemies... Simply put, if Endless Crimson Flame or the Heavenly Moon Army were to step forward right now, the troops of the Demonic Army would immediately begin to collapse like dominoes.

"Come here, Lucifer!" Long Tian had bloodshot eyes as he charged towards Lucifer, "I will behead you and take back what belongs to me!"

"You want the Reincarnation Goddess Firmament Fragment back? Dream on, little whore." Lucifer snorted and without hesitation advanced to fight Long Tian.

He wants to fight me head on? Long Tian was startled when he saw Lucifer choosing to clash melee but quickly burst out laughing.

"Since your wish is to die then death you shall have: [Dragon Descent!!"

Long Tian's golden spear seemed to turn into a giant living drake as it even roared, shaking the atmosphere ferociously as it charged towards Lucifer whose size was insignificant in comparison.

"[Feathers of Corruption]." Lucifer sneered.

The eight black wings on his back opened wide and his feathers began to shed, filling the sky with black feathers in an instant. The black feathers enveloped the golden drake, and as if made of acid they began to devour it to the point where its body began to disappear.

Long Tian finally understood that Lucifer had no intention of fighting a melee battle so he hastily backed out of the situation. He wielded his spear with great mastery, smoothly shattering the black feathers that tried to touch his body.

Suddenly, Long Tian found himself in a strange scene as the world around him changed.

'Illusion!' A thought flashed in his head and he quickly roared mightily.

The world of darkness before him was shattered into pieces in an instant after being blasted by the golden sound wave, but just as Long Tian saw the real world he suddenly shuddered and hurriedly slashed backwards with his spear.

BOOM!!!

A black sword as thin as a cicada's blade almost cut him in two when he blocked with his spear. Long Tian's expression was fierce as he was forced back half a step, but suddenly a huge sense of danger enveloped him.

"SCRAM!!!"

Long Tian hurriedly turned and swung his golden spear in a wide arc, again blocking the black sword's attack. However, the black sword, as well as the darkness arm holding it, disappeared into a black portal and appeared less than a thousandth of a second later to his right.

Up, down, left, right, front, back... Black portals appeared everywhere, and every time Long Tian blocked a sword he would immediately be forced to block a new one from an incredibly inconvenient position.

Lucifer waved his hand and said in a cold voice, 'TNight Lock!!"

Just then, Lucifer saw Nikolai rushing towards him with a hundred blood ghosts around him. However, instead of defending himself or moving away, Lucifer scoffed and continued his assault on Long Tian.

Dark mist covered Long Tian in an instant, and from the mist shot out dozens of black chains as shiny as metal.

Long Tian just had just blocked a dozen swords when he suddenly encountered something so foreign, and to his surprise, the black chains ignored his spear as they began to coil like snakes around his arms and legs.

Nikolai was happy that Lucifer ignored him. Although his physical power was not much compared to a dragon like Long Tian, his speed and power were not something that could be casually ignored; even Lucifer would lose his life!

However, Nikolai's expression suddenly changed when in front of him appeared the one he least wanted to see.

Luciah!

Although Luciah had no way to fight against Long Tian, she had something that made her Nikolai's nemesis thus even if she was just a Seventh Order demon she could still fight him! "[Radiant Spark!]"

Countless golden lightning flashes burst outwards with Luciah as the center. These lightning flashes seemed to have a life of their own as they attacked the blood ghosts to the point where the ghosts howled and writhed before turning into clouds of smoke and vanishing.

"This bitch really gets on my nerves!" Nikolai's eyes flashed with murderous intent as he created a blood sea that quickly engulfed him and Luciah.

Back to the battle between Long Tian and Lucifer, it was evident that Lucifer had a clear advantage over Long Tian. However, just as the Dragon God was in trouble, Salazar of the Army of Evolution appeared like a ghost behind Lucifer and slashed with his scythe.

Swoosh!

Lucifer tried to dodge, but he was a hair too slow. His back was sliced by the scythe and when he appeared 200 meters ahead there was a rotting wound in his flesh as if countless worms were writhing around, making it look extremely disgusting.

Lucifer snorted looking at Salazar with disdain, "You think your zombie infection can do anything to me? You pompous fucking asshole!"A black mist enveloped Lucifer, and an instant later it disappeared.

Seeing that the rotting wound had disappeared along with the worms, Salazar simply cackled bizarrely as if he didn't care. His body became one with the darkness of the sky, making him practically impossible to detect.

Soon, Lucifer and Long Tian continued to attack each other fiercely. Unfortunately, Lucifer no longer dared to move carelessly as he truly feared Salazar's assassin methods.

Looking at Fire Sorrow who was fighting three enemies by herself and even had a not-so-small advantage, Lethar finally gritted his teeth and ordered in a deep voice: "Prepare to attack! Ignore everyone; just kill the woman named Lilith... but don't hesitate to counterattack if you are targeted by anyone!"

In an instant, hundreds of thousands of Higher Existences joined the battlefield and the advantage of the Demonic Army disappeared without a trace. Although they were fighting at home, fighting a battle against so many enemy factions was not an easy thing to do and it could be said that this was the first time such madness happened.

With the joining of four other Commander level soul evolvers, Crow and Hellscar immediately found themselves in disadvantage. On the other hand, Valiant's advantage disappeared and wounds began to appear on her body while Fire Sorrow finally had to give her all to stand with an almost trivial advantage against four Seventh Order opponents.

Lethar charged straight towards Lilith, but just as his claws spread and glowed with green light, a huge build appeared in front of him blocking his path.

"Kid, this old man is really annoyed with you all!" the castle with the name Alastar immediately began firing its energy cannons without holding back.

Lethar dodged without too much trouble, cutting through the void to teleport in different parts or deflecting attacks with his indestructible claws. His speed was such that he occasionally appeared near the castle walls, shattering a cannon or a magic tower before retreating again.

Lilith took a moment to appreciate the battlefield. When she saw that the Demonic Army should be able to fight for at least 2 or 3 days without suffering heavy losses as long as Eternal Phoenix did not join the fray, she narrowed her eyes and moved.

She did not go to help Fire Sorrow and the others but instead appeared directly in front of a dragon race beauty whose level was around 460, and with a swing of her sword she beheaded her.

Lilith caught the beauty's head and threw it into her storage ring while muttering something to herself before rushing to her next prey.About a day later, Lilith already had over 340,000 heads of Higher Existences in her spatial storage ring and her unusual movements finally caught someone's attention.

Eternal Phoenix stared at her in confusion as she could not understand why anyone would bother to store those heads. As far as she was concerned, the winner would keep everything so there was no point in dividing their energy on something so insignificant that it might even cost them their life...

"What is she doing?" Selena frowned and muttered under her breath, "It's almost as if she wanted to gather Soul Stones in a hurry or something..."

Collect Soul Stones?

Eternal Phoenix's pupils suddenly contracted and a flash of disbelief shone in her beautiful red eyes as a wild thought grew like a tidal wave inside her.

Lilith should be less than 100 years old, no?... Eternal Phoenix took a deep breath as she finally understood what was happening.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com