Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The battle between the various factions of Higher Existences raged on, and for every minute that passed at least a dozen of them died. These beings who were once heroes or represented legends in their respective worlds and whose time limit was non-existent fell from the sky one by one not different from the flies that were so small and weak.

This kind of warfare was arguably unprecedented within the timeline of this era, for in the several million years from this point back there was never a case where virtually all the major factions of the universe were forced to fight without redemption.

Even when a Higher World evolved it was not at all normal for the number of dead Higher Existences to exceed 100,000 in total and that was considering the fact that a world evolved into a Higher one every hundreds of thousands of years and sometimes even more.

After just one day of battle in which millions of skills were activated and millions of weapons were swung, almost two million Higher Existences had died.Who was right and who was wrong? It was hard to say with 100% accuracy.

The union of the Army of Heaven, Immortal Bloodlust, the Army of Evolution, the Dragon God Realm, and the latest to join in the battle, the Heavenly Moon Army. All of them, or at least most of them, joined together to kill Lilith after learning that she was an original member of that terrifying dimension that almost led their ancestors and forefathers to their total annihilation.

On the other hand, Lucifer and the Demonic Army wanted to protect Lilith. They might have their doubts about her goals, but the truth was that the existence known as Bloody Succubus by many was undoubtedly part of the big family that made up the faction.

The Army of Heaven might want to use this as an opportunity to get revenge and the Dragon God Realm might be using this opportunity so that Long Tian could get back the Firmament Fragment of the Goddess of Reincarnation... However, it was true that Lilith's existence was a threat to them.Looking at the myriad of magic skills clashing from a distance and seeing the endless cracks leading into the void opening up all around, a flash of pain and grief shone in Eternal Phoenix's eyes.

"Your Grace..." Selena seemed to be able to feel her Leader's pain as she tried to say something to make her feel better. Unfortunately, even she who was her greatest confidant couldn't find words in a moment like this.

The dragon race was an extremely proud and arrogant race by nature.

The phoenix race was also extremely proud and arrogant.

But unlike dragons whose pride and arrogance made them look down upon the other races, the phoenix race was proud and arrogant on a royal level. They were comparatively few in number, but they loved life so much that all the phoenixes had taken the fewest lives out of all the races.

Watching as they all killed each other without batting an eyelash even though they should be working together to defend the only place to call home from raiders, Eternal Phoenix sighed inwardly.

The Abyssal Rift was splitting open sooner and earlier than it ever did in past eras, full-scale wars were exploding with greater frequency, low-ranking worlds were evolving one after another at speeds never before recorded, Lower Existences rising unhindered and breaking Order after Order as if it were child's play...

"Could it be that we really are coming to the end of our era...?" Eternal Phoenix wailed under her breath.

All past eras eventually found their end, and this era clearly seemed to be no different.

Empress Phoenix knew that extreme prosperity was no different than a signpost of impending collapse... Because everything that rose would eventually fall back down to rejoin its roots.

In the past, there were powerful soul evolvers such as the Reincarnation Goddess, the Ice Goddess, the Light Goddess, the Heavenly Wolf Sirius, the God of Gravity, the Sky Emperor, and many others who joined forces in their respective eras to fight against the Golden Domain. Their deaths put an end to a long era, but their sacrifices allowed a new era with a new future to begin.

However, this era was just too weak...

They had no one on the level of those truly divine existences.

Watching as more and more Higher Existences died one after another, the sadness in the heart of the Phoenix Empress grew as she realized that not only did they have no one on the level of those legends, but their numbers kept plummeting because of internal conflicts.

She herself did not expect this event to explode to this extent and with such intensity.

Eternal Phoenix overestimated the wisdom of the other Leaders and greatly underestimated the love and pride Lucifer felt for his faction.

Lucifer who was usually humorous, lazy, and a bit of a complete nutcase did not hesitate to put everything at risk to protect the pride of the family he raised on his own millions of years ago. Even if Lilith was from that dangerous dimension, Lucifer would still protect her because she was part of the Demonic Army; even if this action led to everyone's demise.

"Hurry up and finish it already..."

"Your Majesty, what do you mean...?"

Eternal Phoenix did not answer Selena's question but instead gazed at Lilith who claimed more heads and kept them in her storage ring.

She had no power to stop this battle because no words or threat could stop an arrow that had already left the bow. Only Lilith, who was the cause and effect of everything, could do it depending on her actions and decisions.

If Lilith took too long, the universe would be destined to be obliterated when the next invasion happened.

"Therefore, hurry up and finish-""

Howl!!!

The words got stuck in Eternal Phoenix's throat as suddenly the sky trembled and the stars above their heads went dark. A bestial howl similar to the roar of a mythological creature shook the entirety of space at the same time as the various constellations dulled as if they were conceding to something, perhaps out of respect or an understanding that no one could understand.

"What just happened?!"

"W-Wait!"

"Stop! Stop I'm telling you!"

"Don't attack!"

The battlefield went into chaos as everyone's eyes which had already turned crimson due to hatred and murderous intent were cleared by the loud howl. Regardless of whether it was an angel, demon, dragon, vampire, zombie, or werewolf; they all tried to move away from the edge of the enemy blade to gather amidst the chaos before what seemed to be the arrival of a terrifying new enemy whose side was unclear.

Lucifer raised his right hand with which he held a 200-meter high magic sword ringed by a strange dark mist and without hesitation slashed downward as his voice expanded like a roar: "[End of the World Sword!]"

Salazar whose body was riddled with wounds and Long Tian who had already transformed into a huge golden dragon covered in blood shuddered at the power of the giant black sword. They used their own methods, be they skills or treasures, and shielded themselves at the same time as they rushed back.

BOOOOOOOOM! ! ! ! !

The light released by the magic explosion was devoured by the extreme darkness exuded by the giant sword, and both Salazar and Long Tian were sent flying backwards over 200 meters while spitting blood against their will.

Lucifer's face turned slightly pale after making this attack and although he had gained a small lead he did not continue to push forward but took the opportunity to retreat and regroup with his faction.

Although both Salazar and Long Tian were furious and mortified, they too did not press the matter any further and after shooting Lucifer deadly glances they hastily retreated to rejoin their respective armies now much weaker than they were when they arrived before the outbreak of war.

Fire Sorrow: "Are you all right?"

Fire Sorrow had already reorganized the army, and although she was somewhat pale as she had used too much Mana there were no wounds visible on her body. On the other hand, Lucifer had several somewhat deep wounds on his arms and legs while his abdomen had a gash almost 30 centimeters long.

"I'm fine." Lucifer shook his head despite the fact that a strange mist with the smell of rotten fish was coming out of all his wounds. His eyes were fixed on the sky as he muttered to himself, "Don't tell me..."

Fire Sorrow didn't hear Lucifer's muttering as she quickly turned to Luciah who was wounded all over and had practically become a blood person at this point.

"Luciah, you...FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"I will not die." Luciah waved her hand coldly as she panted. Trembling, she pulled a small pill from her spatial storage bracelet and swallowed it before closing her eyes without another word.

Although she could be considered the most powerful in terms of combat strength when compared to the other Commanders, Luciah was still a Seventh Order soul evolver. Even she had to pay a high price to be able to fight Nikolai for more than a day without letting him advance even half a step, which was a feat never seen before at least in this era.

What's more, Nikolai was not exactly in perfect condition as one particular wound that pierced his left arm did not seem to be healing even though his life force was the highest among all the Leaders; even surpassing Long Tian who was a divine dragon.

All the Commanders suffered from different degrees of injuries, some more than others but when all was said and done none of them lost their lives. Even for those who had allies fighting to back them, it was not easy for them to kill Crow and the others as killing Seventh Order soul evolvers was as challenging as reaching the heavens.

"H-HEY! What- What the fuck is that!" Crow suddenly gasped in shock as he looked into the distance.

The constellations in the sky were dim to the point where all the stars had practically gone out. It was in this moment that suddenly one of them began to shine more brightly than ever before.

Lucifer's pupils contracted as he stared at the sky in the distance.

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6... The number of stars that suddenly began to shine brighter and more intense grew and in a matter of minutes this number reached 147 stars.

The peculiar event did not stop there when suddenly all 147 stars suddenly released a somewhat ominous and extremely ancient pressure that spread to all corners of the cosmos in an instant. More importantly, the distant stars that glowed white suddenly turned red as though the god of slaughter was about to descend upon the mortal world.

"T-This is..." Fire Sorrow's heart suddenly began to beat intensely. The sparkle in her beautiful purple eyes grew and her body trembled with excitement as she realized something.

He really is alive! He lives!

"It's like 16 years ago... No, this time Sirius' constellation even howled!" Hellscar tried to stop the bleeding from losing an arm but the pain he felt was insignificant compared to the shock in his heart.

ραпdα---nᴏνa| сom "Two activations! The Heavenly Wolf is still alive after all!" Even with her always composed and cool-headed personality, Valiant couldn't help but exclaim as she stared.

No one could ever prove it as there were many mysteries in the universe shrouded in a great veil of darkness. And yet, no one knew who passed down this saying from era to era: "When a constellation shines twice means that its owner lives and kicks!"

As all the Higher Existences gazed into the sky, or more precisely to the constellation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius in shock, Lilith could only think of one thing as her worried heart squeezed to the point where it ached.

"Zemin..." A flash of intense doubt and apprehension shone in her beautiful ruby eyes as the crimson glow of the 147 stars, particularly the brightest of them, reflected in them.