Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

-Kram World.

The moment the 147 red stars in the sky finally lost that engulfing glow that seemed to want to burn all life out of them and the firmament returned to normal, the major factions of the universe looked at each other with lost expressions on their faces.

They all had the same doubt now.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Gabriel, what do you think we should do now?" Raciel approached his fellow archangel and asked in a low voice.

Gabriel frowned sharply and for the first time in a long time found himself hesitating over his next decision and action.

Should the Army of Heaven throw some branches as firewood to make the fire burn and thus force the Demonic Army into a corner? Gabriel gave it some serious thought and to his dismay realized that this might not be the best idea.

At this point, the Army of Heaven had already lost over 250,000 angels in the course of two days of war. Although this loss was insignificant in comparison to the over 650,000 Higher Existences of the Demonic Army, the power of the Thousand Spears Fire Array, as well as the strong will of the enemy, were things he certainly did not expect to experience.

Furthermore, now that the Heavenly Wolf constellation glowed so brightly and there was even a sonic phenomenon that was heard from all corners of the cosmos, Gabriel feared that the other Leaders would no longer find it so appealing to deal with the Demonic Army right now.

It was then that a majestic and beautiful voice brought everyone out of their thoughts.

"I propose a temporary ceasefire."

Everyone's eyes, including those of the Demonic Army, immediately focused on Empress Phoenix.

Eternal Phoenix was indifferent to the sudden attention focused on her, and without missing a beat she pointed out, "Leaving aside the problems with the Golden Domain and the increasingly unstable Abyssal Crack, is it really worth it to drain ourselves to kill this girl? For better or worse, this girl named Lilith is a member of the Demonic Army for which she could hardly cause us trouble in the aspect you all fear."

"No shit," Lucifer rolled his eyes and growled, "Eternal Phoenix, you're only now saying those words? Because I'm pretty sure your goal for coming here was the same as theirs!"

"Indeed, you're not wrong." Eternal Phoenix didn't hide anything nor did she feel any shame in nodding. She continued, "Even if we say that Michael lost his life because of his stubbornness in wanting to face that girl and we don't hold her responsible for weakening the overall strength of our universe, the fact that she is from THAT dimension still weighs heavily; very heavily if we add that she conveniently killed Michael, which in the future will give us problems."This time Lucifer said nothing because he knew what Eternal Phoenix said was true.

If Lilith had not killed Michal and somehow injured Medes, the other factions would most likely not have reacted so fiercely even if they knew she belonged to that dangerous alternate dimension. However, in doing so, it was inevitable that Lilith's actions would make the others doubt her intentions.

Who was to guarantee that she did not want to weaken them? Because killing Michael would make the next defense of the Abyssal Crack that much more difficult!"I disagree." Long Tian suddenly took a step forward and said. His massive body was that of a golden dragon with nine blood-colored claws and his voice resounded like thunder every time his words came out of his mouth without moving, "Everyone, have you thought this through? The constellation of that damned Heavenly Wolf will probably open within the next 5 years at most considering how strong the event was just now. That little succubus race whore already has two Firmament Fragments, who knows what will happen if she keeps getting more!"

When Long Tian said that the scene immediately went from peaceful to tense.

Lilith soon felt malicious eyes on her and knew' that she would be forced to use that move in the end. However, she had no complaints but quite the opposite, in fact.

Salaza's eyes suddenly brightened when he heard the whisper of one of his Commanders. With his eyes fixed on Lilith as if she was the treasure he most wanted to have, he said with a strange smile on his face, "We can let this matter rest here temporarily as long as she agrees to one simple condition."

Salazar seemed not to notice the warning glance Lucifer shot at him and rubbed his chin with one hand as he said without being sweet or salty, "I think what Eternal Phoenix said makes sense, but what Long Tian said isn't wrong either. Although Lilith is only a small Sixth Order soul evolver, her battle potential is evident given that even an archangel in the Seventh Order was killed by her hands. She can kill Seventh Order enemies with two Firmament Fragments, who can guarantee that she won't be able to deal with us if she manages to get her hands on a third?"

Indeed, when Salazar laid all the cards on the table and exposed them so that even the less sharp could understand the situation they were in things changed, and for a moment the war seemed to be on the verge of erupting for the second time.

"Lucifer, order your subordinate to surrender the two Firmament Fragments in her possession," Gabriel said suddenly. His voice sounded cold and he said indifferently, "Since she killed Michael and destroyed one of our worlds I think it is only fair that we receive the Firmament Fragment from the Ice Goddess.""Your so called God could barely save his burnt ass after running but you want to keep a Firmament Fragment? Dream on!" Alucard, one of the Commanders of Immortal Bloodlust, sneered.

Seeing his Leader nod in satisfaction, Alucard continued while looking at everyone, "None of us said anything despite knowing that the Army of Heaven was using us, so now I suggest that they can't be part of the rewards given our losses!"

"I agree with Alucard."

"Same here!"

"Hmph! The Army of Heaven claims to be an army of kind angels but they are no different than sneaky thieves!"

The proposal put forward by the vampire Alucard immediately met with everyone's approval.

Gabriel's expression turned extremely ugly and his fists hidden under his long robe clenched tightly. A well-hidden flash of vicious light shone in his clear eyes as he glared at Alucard, who returned his gaze with a mocking smile that exposed two long white fangs.

No one had ever humiliated him like this before. No one!

Although Alucard looked nonchalant and casual on the surface, in his heart he was alert. Gabriel was a truly terrifying enemy to have against though, not particularly because of his power but because of his schemes. Alucard knew that in the time to come, he would have to watch his back every time he left the house.

While everyone was discussing what to do with the two Firmament Fragments in Lilith's possession, Lucifer immediately frowned secretly.

eαglesnᴏνel 'What the hell am I supposed to do now?' he thought to himself with a touch of anxiety.

While his personal power was enough to allow him to take on two Eighth Order Leaders by himself and he could even kill them if he had enough time, he would have to pay a high cost for it. Furthermore, Lethar could barely be held back by his Soul Armament for perhaps two or three more days while Luciah might only be able to hold Nikolai for another two days at most given her condition.

Nearly half of the members stationed in Kram World had died, and although the Demonic Army could mobilize over 10,000,000 members immediately by having them teleport to the scene, Lucifer knew this was not the solution; the other faction Leaders also had millions of members they could mobilize whenever they wanted!

"Lucifer..." Fire Sorrow whispered and pulled him out of his inner world. There was a hint of worry in her eyes as she asked in a low voice, "What do we do now? Although Eternal Phoenix probably won't attack us I'm afraid the rest of them won't be that patient..."

Lucifer glanced at her and growled in a voice only the two of them could hear, "That's why I didn't want her to come! This is your good deed for not stopping her sooner."

If Lilith wasn't here, Lucifer could still make any lame excuse and the others could just accept it whether they liked it or not. But with Lilith present everything was much more complicated since in the eyes of the others she was not a living being but a walking treasure with two Firmament Fragments waiting to be taken!

Fire Sorrow stared before shaking her head and smiling bitterly. How was she supposed to stop Lilith anyway? It was impossible to guess what would happen later after all!

Lilith coldly observed everyone's expressions, including those of her teammates.

Seeing the changing expression on Lucifer's face and seeing the unhealed wounds on most of the members of the Demon Army, Lilith soon realized that this was the limit. If the war broke out a second time, the Demonic Army would have to endure immense losses if they were to survive this tribulation.

'Even though it's a bit earlier than expected it's not bad either.' Lilith looked at what she had inside her storage ring and a smile peeked out from the corner of her lips as she thought to herself: 'With this, I should have a good harvest, no?'

Lucifer was still thinking like lightning about possible solutions, but just then a window shone in his eyes with a message that made his pupils contract to the size of needles. Nine-Tailed Snow Fox Empress?

Lucifer's head moved abruptly and he looked at Lilith in shock. He knew what those words represented because he had seen them once before; he was the only one in the entire cosmos besides its owner who had seen it after all.

"You... Are you out of your mind?" Lucifer asked with his eyes wide in shock.

Lucifer was actually willing to fight to the death today. This was not for Lilith but for everyone; because the pride of the Demonic Army as one of the two oldest factions could not be looked down upon by anyone!

However, Lucifer did not expect Lilith's response to be this.

She wanted him to kick her out and fall into a Fourth Order Lower Existence!