Bai Zemin heard the lion-like beast letting out a terrifying roar of pain after being hit hard by the purple lightning. However, he himself was under attack and therefore naturally had no time to worry about the condition of his enemy.

Under the curious eyes of the other Higher Existences, the golden lightning covered Bai Zemin's figure in an instant and he disappeared inside.

"Eh? He died just like that?" That peculiar robot-like Higher Existence stared into the center of the golden lightning, seemingly surprised and disappointed.

"I was already saying that everything we heard about that kid was inflated." The rhino-bodied, elephant-headed beast shook its head before bursting out laughing, "But, that little piece of shit Du He will now die without being able to have any fun at all hahaha!"

It was after several seconds that some changes occurred in the silent but terrifying battlefield covered by purple and golden lights.

BOOM!!!

The purple lightning disappeared and at the same time as this happened the purple lightning burst outwards, sending golden sparks flying in all directions and illuminating the dark universe with its radiance.

Standing on a small white stone platform whose dimensions were 3 meters long and 3 meters wide, Bai Zemin was in front of a magnificent and majestic white throne covered with all sorts of mysterious and enigmatic looking runes. Around it was a semi-transparent barrier, and it seemed to have little difficulty keeping the remaining sparks of the golden lightning at bay.

"Ah? You're still alive?" The robot sounded happy but surprised at the same time.

"Hahahahaha! Well, Du He! Hurry up and enjoy your last minutes of life!" The elephant-headed creature burst out laughing. Only the basilisk-like beast, Akumi, watched the white throne with a peculiar gaze in its bright eyes. Bai Zemin quickly focused his eyes on Du He, the lion beast. Were these guys really crazy in the head? They would simply attack as if their lives were worth less than a 50-cent penny! Roar!!! Bai Zemin's expression turned cold when he saw the flaming mane lion charging towards him. 'His speed is fast, indeed.' Bai Zemin guarded the Throne of Creation with his eyes fixed on Du He's left claw from which dozens of golden lightning flashed out: 'But if it's just this level...' Bang!

A spark of red lightning flashed across Bai Zemin's body and in the blink of an eye it turned into a torrent of flashes that crackled noisily around him.His current self was no longer the same Bai Zemin who was forced to use tactics to barely survive in the face of a Higher Existence... He was currently a level 200 soul evolver and his stats were more than twice as powerful as before!

"Die!!!" Du He roared with a fierce expression. Its cat-like green eyes gazed intently at the immobile silhouette of the human in front of it, and its pupils reflected his frozen expression seemingly unable to react in the face of such a swift attack.

Whether in the eyes of Du He or its fellow beastmen, a Lower Existences absolutely could not help but be torn to pieces in the face of this kind of strength and speed.

Although they had certain expectations pinned on Bai Zemin, subconsciously they were still bound by billions of years of history that proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that it was impossible for a Lower Existence to survive the attack of a Higher Existence going all out. SWOOSH!

Du He's claw swept over Bai Zemin's body without any hindrance. At the same time, four large sharp blades with golden lightning flashed beyond his silhouette after cutting him down before disappearing into the reaches of the dark universe.

"No!" Wu Yijun cried out in fright when she saw these images on the energy screen inside the throne room.

In her eyes, Bai Zemin didn't even move when the claw of the lion-like creature struck him and this sight made her heart sink as her tears began to fall.

Shangguan Bing Xue's pretty face showed some paleness, but despite her inner fears, she continued to gaze intently at the screen in front of her. She did not believe that Bai Zemin was really dead because if this were the case those people hiding inside Hero City would probably not be silent.

Indeed, the next instant showed that many times one could not trust what the eyes saw.

'Not good!' Du He's heart suddenly constricted as it realized belatedly that it was fooled.

Just before when its claws slashed, Du He thought that it wouldn't be long before it felt its opponent's flesh tearing into pieces. However, all Du He felt was as if its claws were cutting through nothing since they did not encounter any matter at all.

Suddenly, an absurd surge of pain flooded Du He's brain and for an instant its vision blurred without it knowing what was happening. BOOM!!!!!

Like a meteorite, Du He's body flew over a kilometer away at the same time as its giant mouth let out a roar of pain against its will.

Standing on the spot where Du He had been a moment ago, Bai Zemin enveloped in a golden halo of light drew back his bloodstained spear and swiftly pursued.

Du He had just stabilized its body when a silhouette clothed in red and enveloped in a warm golden light flashed in front of it. Its large pupils reflected the image of its opponent's spear becoming larger and larger, to which it responded with a great fierce laugh.

"That's how it should be!!!"

Du He opened its mouth wide and a golden gleam shone inside it. Less than a second later, a beam of golden light surrounded by tiny flashes shot out from its throat and in an instant covered a distance of over 50 kilometers, leaving a clear golden trail behind.

What Du He's eyes failed to catch was that just before he was hit, Bai Zemin's body moved slightly and his silhouette blurred.

Just as Du He's attack was ending, an intense sense of danger and death hit it full on to the point where every hair on its body stood up. Unfortunately, it had already lost a few levels after being hit by the Soul Record, and the number of stats it lost in the process was not small.

Suddenly appearing right above the lion's head as if he was a ghost of the night, Bai Zemin tightened his grip on his spear and with a low growl stabbed forward without holding back at all.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Crimson flames joined two other flames, one deep blue and the other purple, burning peacefully around the bronze spear.

Akumi's pupils contracted slightly and subconsciously warned, "Du He, watch out!"

But how could Du He defend against this attack when even being closest to its prime it couldn't stand up to Bai Zemin's speed?

BOOOOM!

Along with a powerful explosion that turned into a large sphere of ferocious fire, both Du He and Bai Zemin's silhouettes disappeared from everyone's range of vision.

Standing on the north wall of Hero City, a few figures whose exuberant auras could barely be contained within their bodies watched the outcome of the ongoing battle with stupefied expressions.

"This... How could this be possible..."

"He's really overwhelming a Higher Existence as a Lower Existence?"

"I- ..."

"... Even His Majesty wasn't able to unleash such power when he was at level 200!"

Lu Cai, the captain of them all as well as the strongest, glanced at the only woman in the group and slowly asked, "Xiaoyao, what do you think about his current strength?"

Len Xiaoyao was the name of this light green-haired female whose beauty was slightly above other normal Higher Existences. She stared at the sphere of multi-colored flames before saying with closed eyes, "... If not for the fact that I've seen his skills before and I know what he's hiding... he might actually have a shot against me."Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Ignoring the shocked expressions of his comrades, Lu Cai nodded and said in a serious voice, "As Higher Existences we are used to looking down on all Lower Existences, so no matter how much we don't want to we would still underestimate them in battle. Everyone, from today onwards I want you to give your all to avoid underestimating any Lower Existences; particularly those closest to His Majesty."

Len Xiaoyao was a Sixth Order soul evolver, her level was not low at all. The reason she said that Bai Zemin might have a chance to kill her in combat was because if she didn't know of his actual abilities she would undoubtedly underestimate him!

Suddenly, Lu Cai looked at one of his companions who had spoken earlier and said in a serious voice, "Daniel, it's fine to respect our former Lord... But remember that we only approach as His Majesty to the Sky Emperor, or in this case the successor to that title."

The man called Daniel lowered his head for a moment before raising it, and with a serious expression nodded, "I understand what you mean, Captain."

"Then it's okay." Lu Cai nodded and did not speak again, his eyes narrowed into slits fixed on the fiery sphere.

Approximately one minute later, the fiery sphere flickered out and the universe regained its calm.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Fifth Order 'Regulus Lion' Du He level 435. You cannot...].

Bai Zemin waved his spear and with a swift movement put the scorched body of the dead creature into his storage ring.

His expression was indifferent, no pride or joy that a Third Order soul evolver should have after killing a Fifth Order Higher Existence could be seen."T-This kid.. R-Really killed Du He..." The robot muttered as it stared.

The elephant-headed creature blinked for a long time before bursting into laughter, "Pahahahaha!!!! Interesting! VERY FUN! Let me try it too!"

His rhinoceros body swelled up and a stone armor quickly covered his entire silhouette. An invisible step appeared under his feet, and with a stomp, he shot out like a missile towards Bai Zemin without another word.

"[Earth Fist!]"

The stone-wrapped fist of the beast suddenly lit up with an earth-brown light, and the pressure was such that even space was torn apart in its trail.

Bai Zemin quickly spun his spear in front of him at the same time as a thick gush of blood shot out from somewhere on his body. The blood stuck to the body of the spear, forming a round crimson shield that kept growing as the spear spun like a whirlwind.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

The fist and the blood shield collided fiercely, resulting in an explosion that was even more terrifying than the previous burst of flames.

Everything within a few tens of kilometers was filled with tiny spatial cracks that quickly began to close before the terrifying void lightning inside managed to slip through.

"Break!!!" The elephant-like beast roared furiously as the earth-colored light in his fist became much more powerful.

The blood shield had sunk slightly inward after the initial impact but that had been all. However, this time black cracks began to appear around it, quickly spreading across the entire surface. BANG!!!

The blood shield finally shattered, unable to withstand the fist of the elephant-like beast.

"Ah?" The beast exclaimed in astonishment when he discovered that the human was nowhere to be found, but he suddenly realized something and quickly hardened his back in a hurry.

BOOOOOM!!

Bai Zemin frowned as he looked at the body of his enemy being pushed a few hundred meters forward. He withdrew his spear and couldn't help but sigh when he noticed that the other party's defense was really tough, but just as he was preparing to continue his expression changed slightly.

"[Electric Saw!]"

Without even thinking once, Bai Zemin mentally controlled his golden wings and wrapped himself inside just before the surprise attack cut him in two. Bai Zemin fell as if a train had hit him and several flashes of electricity managed to slip from the outside of his wings, attacking him fiercely and causing minor wounds on his skin thanks to his new cloth armor.

Despite having avoided being seriously injured, Bai Zemin still felt his internal organs shaking slightly as he was sent flying backwards.

When he forcibly stabilized himself by making use of his wings flapping in the opposite direction, Bai Zemin gazed coldly at the robot-like Higher Existence that suddenly joined the battle.

Despite his indifferent expression, however, he was very tense inside.

'I have to hurry... I am running out of time!' Bai Zemin felt the cracks in his soul begin to grow due to the continuous use of Overlap Regeneration even though his vitality was damaged in and of itself.

"Oh?" In the distance, Akumi seemed to notice something as he narrowed his eyes.

One of Bai Zemin's hair suddenly lost its color, turning completely white as if all of its vitality was drained.

"I see... So that's how it is."