Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin did not immediately jump into the attack when the Fifth Order robot joined the battle. He also did not re-activate Overlap Regeneration but took a moment to think about what to do next.

Two Fifth Order enemies at the same time... Although Bai Zemin was confident that he would win, the price he would have to pay was not small considering his current situation.

If it was a 1 vs 1 battle, Bai Zemin was confident of ending the life of any one of the two of them in less than 5 minutes for each of them. But if the two of them teamed up, even 30 minutes might not be enough to accomplish that... and he certainly couldn't afford to waste 30 minutes against them; not only did he not know if he could hold out that long with his vitality harmed, but there was an even more terrifying enemy waiting to be challenged!

Once the elephant-like beast managed to stabilize itself after receiving a blow from Bai Zemin's spear on its back, it immediately howled in annoyance, "What are you doing?!"

The robot-like entity held a revolving saw in its right hand and a light shield in its left hand. It didn't even glance at the angry elephant as its mechanized voice came out of its metal mouth, "You'll be killed in no time if I don't join in, what's the fun in that? I think we can at least have a little more fun if we fight together!"

"That..."

Although the elephant-like beast with the body of a rhino was a bit stronger than the already slain Du He, the difference was not particularly great. Although its defense was higher than Du He's, the human it had as an opponent would probably not take more than 5 minutes to take its life at the pace things were going at.

While they didn't particularly care about life or death after having lived for several hundred thousand years, they expected to die having fun in the most exciting battle of their long but boring lives. Therefore, after a few seconds of consideration, the elephant-like beast looked at Bai Zemin and said in a deep voice: "Human, what do you think about it? I think given your strength you won't have much trouble dealing with Sun and me at the same time."

Bai Zemin looked at it indifferently and said with a hint of derision in his tone of voice, "Are you asking me? I think it's a little too late to ask questions after your friend launched a sneak attack on me and nearly tore me in two. You have taken my already low opinion of the proud Higher Existences to historic lows today!"

Even as the conversation was going on, the levels of both Lower Existences kept decreasing and their records were continually being erased from their souls as punishment from the Soul Record for attacking a Lower Existence.

Soon, the battle resumed.

Bai Zemin blocked the robot's revolving saw raising his spear and swiftly turned his body 360 degrees. The golden wings on his back opened wide as he spun, and with a thunderous explosion sent the robot taken by surprise flying.

"[Giant Light Horn!]"

Bai Zemin's sense of danger was suddenly triggered, and out of the corner of his eye, he saw a flash of silver light flying like an unstoppable tsunami towards him without giving him time to dodge.

"Shield!" Bai Zemin quickly extended his left hand and in an instant a dozen large blood shields appeared, positioned in a straight line in front of each other.

BANG!!! BANG!!! BANG!!!! BANG!!!! ...

In an instant, more than half of the blood shields were shattered by the silver light beam. It wasn't until the light beam reached the seventh blood shield that its power slightly decreased, but even then it easily left a sizable hole in the center of the shield as it continued its path to the eighth and then the ninth.

The elephant-like beast raised its head slowly, the middle horn on its forehead still glowing slightly. Giant Light Horn was its most powerful attack skill and it once even destroyed a low level forsaken world with this skill.

"Idiot, above!"

The creature only saw a flash of golden light shining for an instant as its ally's warning shout came a little too late.

BOOM!!!!

'Too hard!' Bai Zemin winced as he watched his enemy being sent flying, his right hand and left hand trembling slightly after the attack since he felt as if he had hit an indestructible iron plate instead of the body of a living being.

"Let's attack together!" The rhino-bodied, elephant-headed beast finally put aside all its pride and called for its ally's help.

"This guy is really too strange!" The robot agreed as it looked with glowing eyes at the dent on its chest, "The brat even managed to leave a mark on my mithril armor!"

Looking at the two opponents approaching at lightning speed, Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and quickly said something in a voice that only he could hear.

The battle continued, but what even the basilisk Akumi did not see was that the runes on the black ring on Bai Zemin's right thumb glowed for a moment before fading.

Time passed and the explosions became more and more terrifying with each passing second.

Multicolored lights illuminated the cosmos, and terrifying destructive ripples spread everywhere uncontrollably each time twro or more attacks met head-on.

In Obion World, those asuras who were still waiting their turn to go through the transformation process, as well as humans and other races, looked up at the sky with shocked expressions on their faces.

"Hurry up! Line up and come into the pagoda in an orderly fashion!"

The soul evolvers followed Meng Qi's orders and began to press the remaining asuras to pick up the pace.

Nangong Lingxin suddenly approached Meng Qi and upon seeing that it was her the soul evolvers tasked to protect her quickly stepped aside.

"Big Sister Lingxin, what is it?" Meng Qi immediately grew tense as she saw' the slightly ugly expression on her face.

Nangong Lingxin looked at Meng Qi and then glanced towards the Limitless Pagoda with a frown. Seeing the several thousand asuras coming and going, she said in a low' voice, "Meng Qi, girl, what's going on? Why are we suddenly rushing things? At this rate, we'll end up spending more than half of our Soul Stones all to increase the pagoda's power!"

The total number of Soul Stones ranging from Unclassified Soul Stones to Fourth Order Soul Stones in the Transcendent faction's treasury amounted to over 100,000,000 previously. In just two days, however, that number had dropped slightly below nine figures.

According to the calculations that the logistics and economy team put out beforehand, even after finishing the process of converting the entire asura race, the faction should still have over 80,000,000 Soul Stones in its treasury. However, during the last few' minutes, Nangong Lingxin and a few other more attentive people couldn't help but notice that the consumption had practically tripled just to increase the pagoda's power.

At this rate they would have less than 50,000,000 Soul Stones by the time everything was done!

Although 50,000,000 was a very big number, one needed to know that much of the faction's technology ran on Soul Stones. The daily consumption that needed to be supplemented by Magical Defense Towers, Magical Boosting Towers, farming arrays, power generators, etc, was simply colossal, to say the least!

"I am aware of that," Meng Qi nodded.

Nagong Lingxin ignored everyone's shocked gazes and hurriedly looked up into the distant sky just as a huge sphere of light grew before exploding.

"Bai Zemin, lie's..."

Meng Qi approached Nangong Lingxin, and with her eyes fixed in the distance, she said softly, "Therefore, we can only do it this way even if we suffer losses... It is because we are weak."

Nangong Lingxin nodded with a pale face, but Meng Qi clenched her little white fists to the point where her palm began to bleed.

On the highest tower of the Imperial Palace, a beautiful woman with snow-white hair looked up at the sky with her bright round eyes fixed on the many different flashing lights. Her sky-blue battle dress swayed gently in the breeze, making her look like a genuine immortal fairy.

This woman was Shangguan Xinyue, Shangguan Bing Xue's mother.

Suddenly, a distinctly unnatural gust of wind blew the locks of hair covering her ears and the secret conversation between Nangong Lingxin and Meng Qi replayed for her.

A glint of sad light that held worry shone in her eyes as she muttered to herself, "Little King, you have to live no matter what else my daughter will really cry herself dry because of you..."VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

-Outspace.

BOOOOOOOOM! ! ! !

Followed by a thunderous explosion that swept several giant space rocks within several kilometers around, Bai Zemin and his enemies broke apart as if by prior agreement after colliding.

The body of the elephant-like beast was almost completely unharmed, however, all the rock armor that previously protected it had disappeared without a trace of its existence. Its hulking body had become much smaller after losing several layers of defense, but its sturdy frame looked like a steel plate with just a few bloody wounds here and there.

The robot, on the other hand, was not in "as good condition" as its ally. There were more than a dozen holes of various sizes all over its body, several wires inside its body were torn, and sparks with enough power to tear a country apart flew everywhere. Even its light shield which was a Rank 5 piece of equipment had been completely destroyed.

"This was an entertaining battle, human." The elephant-like beast spoke, its voice much more powerful and arrogant than before: "Even though we only fought for a little over five minutes, the amount and quality of fun you gave us is the highest in the last hundred thousand years!"

"Let's kill him once and for all before we run out of time!" Said the robot in a mechanical, emotionless voice.

"Alright." The elephant-like creature nodded.

Their levels had dropped to 426 and 413 respectively, so they both had only a minute or two to live at best. However, not the slightest hint of regret could be seen as their bodies flashed and appeared on either side of Bai Zemin.

Bai Zemin's body was riddled with wounds. His crimson tunic had practically turned into pieces of cloth that hung haphazardly on some parts of his body, his two arms had disappeared along with his left leg, his heart had been pierced by the enemy's Giant Light Horn, and his spear had been broken to the point of no return.

Seeing the miserable condition of its opponent, the elephant-like beast raised its fist and slammed downward with all its might: "Even if we let you live you won't be able to do anything against Akumi in your current condition, therefore you might as well die with us!"

BOOM!!!

Bai Zemin's head turned into a pile of bloody pulp and his entire shattered brain splattered all over the face and upper body of the elephant-like beast whose expression turned ferocious.

Not satisfied, the robot slashed with its rotating saw over a hundred times in the blink of an eye and turned Bai Zemin's entire battered body into flesh paste.

"Finally dead." The elephant-like beast sighed and lowered its hand slowly.

The robot nodded and said emotionlessly, "Even if he wants to become a ghost he couldn't do it."

In the distance, the giant basilisk stared at the battlefield with a somewhat peculiar expression on his beast-like face and his red eyes flashed with a strange light.