Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Hurry, drag her out of the lightning's area of effect!"

"Lucifer, you fucker! You were planning this from the beginning weren't you!"

The Leaders of the Heavenly Moon Army and the Dragon God Realm rushed forward first than anyone else.

The paragonless speed of an Eighth Order werewolf and the unstoppable body of a giant dragon simply broke free from all their bonds, pressing all those who tried to obstruct them backwards like a tidal wave.

From opposite directions, Nikolai and Salazar immediately made their moves. The eyes of the Zombie Leader and the Vampire Leader were blood red while their pupils reflected Lilith's small, delicate body amidst the huge blue lightning.

"Your opponent is me!" Luciah ignored her injuries and shot out towards Nikolai wrapped in a flare of gold and silver lights flashing around her.

Nikolai was already sick of her so he immediately began his attack. After activating his Blood Maker skill, a sea of blood and crimson ghosts enveloped everything within several kilometers as he roared angrily, "(Blood Domain!)

Salazar also didn't get very far when in front of him appeared Fire Sorrow.

The Zombie Leader appeared in front of Fire Sorrow like a ghost. A jet-colored mist enveloped his sturdy body, and within the mist, white skulls spotted with green could be seen. "[Domain - Devourer of Souls!]"

In an instant, Fire Sorrow's beautiful figure was devoured by the black mist, and her skin soon began to rot. However, she did not panic as she directly opened her own Domain. "[Domain - Fire Sorrow!]"

Crimson-colored flames burst from her body outward, and in an instant, the two Domains clashed in such a way that they both furiously tried to devour each other.

The skulls and corpses of Salazar's released Devourer of Souls Domain writhed within the destructive flames, howling and wailing as if they were ghouls from beyond the grave.

Although the Soul Devouring Domain was more powerful given the difference in levels between the two soul evolvers, Fire Sorrow Domain was a rather special one as it relied on the user's emotions to release greater sums of power. Furthermore, fire was a good countermeasure for dealing with spirits and the like.

Suddenly, Lucifer's eyes which had remained closed all this time opened abruptly. His beautiful emerald eyes had become two black holes devoid of any other color, and when he opened his mouth his voice came out hoarse like a demon's: "[Domain - Eternal Night Labyrinth!]"

A huge sphere of black rays of light grew outward with Lucifer at its center, and in an instant, it devoured Long Tian and Lethar as well as several nearby Higher Existences. After growing more than 10 kilometers, the black sphere stopped expanding but no one could see what was going on inside, and not even a single sound could be heard from within.

In just a matter of seconds, four powerful Domains opened at the same time over the sky of Kram World.

After several seconds and struggling to free themselves from the pressure of the four Domains, the Seventh Order Commanders began to fight each other again. Approximately two or three minutes later, those more powerful Sixth Order Higher Existences attempted to break through to Lilith but were quickly pushed back by the powerhouses of the Demonic Army.

Inside the sea of blue lightning, Lilith surveyed the chaotic and bloody battlefield with an unreadable expression on her lovely otherworldly face. In anyone's eyes, she was indifferent, however, Lilith would remember this favor and, if she ever had the ability, would return it.

"As for all of you... I have never suffered losses without fighting back!"

Heavenly Moon Army, Dragon God Realm, Army of Heaven, Immortal Bloodlust, Army of Evolution... She took note of these factions.

Favor with favor is repaid... But bad will definitely have to be returned a thousandfold!

Thinking this far, Lilith stroked the lightning-laden red jewel in the center of the necklace around her swan's neck.

[Level 631...]

[Level 610...]

[Level 599...]

Time passed, and with it also passed Lilith's levels along with a good part of her records acquired during the last 12 years.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

* * *

-At the same time, a few thousand kilometers away from the atmosphere that surrounded Obion World.

After giving Akumi a deep gaze, Bai Zemin carefully took out a cyan-colored orb.

Cyan-colored treasure orb! A Legend grade treasure dropped as a result of the death of one of the Higher Existences that Bai Zemin killed!

Since his soul only absorbed high-quality Soul Power, everything else was processed into treasure orbs. At this point, it could be said that the Transcendent faction was packed with treasures, but normal treasures simply couldn't get into Bai Zemin's eyes.

Bang!

Akumi's eyes flashed slightly as he curiously looked at the light orb exploding inside Bai Zemin's fist.

"Oh?" Akumi subconsciously exclaimed, seemingly astonished.

Bai Zemin stared at the huge house-sized shield floating in front of him. The shield was pure w-hite with gray lines and what appeared to be a total of five separate golden cores, as the shield seemed to divide into five different sections with each section joining into the middle part.

---------

[Shield of Justice - Aegis (Grade Legend Treasure): Sacred shield that once belonged to the Goddess of Wisdom. Can stop any form of attack, unleash extremely destructive lightning strikes, and unspell curses].

[Special Trait -]

[Indestructible: Aegis cannot be destroyed regardless of the opponent's attack power nor can it be corroded by the passage of time].

[Special Skills -]

[God's Lightning Blast: Unleashes the power of the God of Thunder and destroys everything in its path, ignoring physical defense by 80% and increasing the chance of a critical hit by 50%. The damage caused will depend largely on the magic attack power of the carrier as well as the opponent's magic defense. This skill can only be used once every 20 days and before being used the Shield of Justice must reach its maximum break point to discharge. Aegis will lose all attack ability after its activation].

[Quintuple Division: Aegis can be divided into five independent shields, thus protecting the carrier from five simultaneous attacks. Warning: The overall defense of the Shield of Justice will be split accordingly so the strongest attacks may not be blocked in this form, but depending on the positioning the defense may even be multiplied threefold].

[Athena's Purification: Allows the carrier to get rid of any curse no matter how strong it is, however, the purification time will largely depend on the bloodline as well as the strength of the curse].

[Breaking point: 0 / 50,000,000,000].

[Note: Upon reaching the maximum breaking point, the Shield of Justice will lose all its attack and defense power for the next 24 hours.]

---------

Even with Bai Zemin's strong mentality, he still couldn't help but be slightly dumbfounded as he checked the records of the shield before him.

This shield... This...

Too broken! It was too overpowered!

Bai Zemin had another Legend-grade shield that he took from Emperor Asura after killing him, but the difference between that shield and the one he had just obtained was colossal, to say the least. They were worlds apart!

'How can this be possible.' Bai Zemin sucked a breath of cold air into his heart as his pupils trembled, 'Such a shield is merely Legend grade? It's clearly a godly treasure that doesn't lose out to the Collector's Pocket Watch in the slightest!'

"Looks like that shield is pretty good."

Akumi's voice brought Bai Zemin out of his thoughts, bringing him back to reality.

The red eyes of the huge basilisk were fixed on the five-edged shield as he said with some emotion in his voice, "Even from this distance I can tell that if someone could attach this shield to a spirit it could become a Demigod grade treasure in a few years; even becoming a divine grade shield might not be too far off. It's a pity that technique was lost in the river of history a long time ago though."

Bai Zemin said nothing but this time his guard rose enormously.

Even a fool could easily tell that the defensive power of the Shield of Justice was absolutely high. Bai Zemin could not be sure if Akumi would not suddenly attack him just to ensure his victory after the appearance of such a treasure.

These Higher Existences had already broken their word once when they previously said that they would fight him l vs 1, so Bai Zemin would not find it at all strange if Akumi suddenly decided to attack him.

With his eyes fixed on Akumi and his guard up, Bai Zemin took out a new orb from his storage ring.

"Another cyan orb?" Akumi narrowed his eyes and muttered under his breath.

Bai Zemin didn't feel safe so he put some distance while mentally controlling the Shield of Justice after dripping some of his blood on it. After shielding himself behind the shield, he broke the orb with a squeeze still gazing at Akumi.

A golden light as bright as the sun suddenly illuminated the area, forcing both Bai Zemin and Akumi to close their eyes tightly.

Akumi's eyes were more sensitive than Bai Zemin's, as the latter was able to open his eyes into a slit first. Floating in front of him was the most beautiful and majestic bow he had ever seen in his entire life, exuding the aura of the king of bows just by being there.

Bai Zemin subconsciously stretched his free hand forward, and when his fingertips touched the body of the bow the first records he received composed the name of the weapon.

[Sun Destroyer Bow - Dedalo's Hand (Grade Legend Treasure)...]