Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

[Sun Destroyer Bow - Dedalo's Hand (Legend Grade Treasure): Legendary bow that used to belong to the God of the Sun, holder of this title thanks to their enormous fire power. When used, all magical and physical attacks become fire-type attacks and increase destructive damage by 100%].

[Increases Agility by 50% and Strength by 25% when used in combat. However, it consumes double Stamina consequently].

[Special Trait -]

(Absorbent Arrow: Uses mana from the surroundings to create arrows automatically, which saves the user from having to spend their own mana].

[Special Skills -1]

[Siren's Song: Pulling the string of the Sun Destroyer Bow will create a melody capable of stunning all enemies within the user's field of vision. This effect cannot be negated by passive or active skills below Sixth Order, ignores all level differences, and stuns for at least 0.5 and up to a maximum of 60 seconds depending on the enemies' natural resistance].

[Icaros1 Death: When shooting with the bow the attack power increases by 300% on the first shot, 150% on the second shot, and 30% on the third shot. Note: When this skill is activated, it will consume all the power of the Sun Destroyer Bow for 2 months].

Bai Zemin could feel his heart pounding inside his chest.

To say that the records of the golden bow he had just obtained took him by surprise would be a huge understatement to how he was feeling right now.

This... How was this even possible...

Bai Zemin didn't know much about treasures, but there was something he understood very well; a Legend grade treasure was, from a certain point of view, equivalent to a Rank 6 equipment, which equated to an item of absolutely no less value than his bronze spear Longinus.

Furthermore, Bai Zemin was absolutely certain that both the Shield of Justice 'Aegis' and the Sun Destroyer Bow 'Dedalo's Hand' were treasures that ranked at the top of the Legend grade. Simply put, these two treasures he had just acquired were the cream of the crop among Legend grade treasures!

'Could it be that all the bad dogshit luck 1 was having lately finally came to an end?1 Bai Zemin silently thought as he looked at the basilisk in the distance with a strange expression on his face.

This guy, Akumi... He would probably regret it if he knew how terrible the two items he had just obtained were, wouldn't he?

'For some reason, that little piece of shit named Sonnata didn't give me any treasure after I blew his brains off. I guess all my luck just came together for this very moment.' Bai Zemin inadvertently chuckled.

"Looks like you really did get some good stuff." Akumi shook his big head and then said something that startled Bai Zemin a little, "To be honest with you, I'm glad I gave you this shot."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin put away the Sun Destroyer Bow for now and while holding his spear with both hands said, "Just now I was thinking that maybe you were regretting it in your heart... Could it be that you really don't mind dying just like those three comrades of yours?"

"You don't understand and probably won't understand no matter how many times we explain it to you." Akumi continued to shake his head. His voice sounded a bit desolate as he slowly said, "We, the members of Devourers & Destroyers, are a bit special compared to any other Higher Existence. Do you know why?"

"Is it because you're all stark raving mad?" Bai Zemin replied tentatively.

Akumi laughed and said, "Maybe. But, human kid, how would you feel if you lived for hundreds of thousands of years still vividly remembering the moment when your parents, your friends, your lover... and practically all those close to you died one by one without you being able to do anything about it, hmm?"

Slowly, the smile on Bai Zemin's face faded until it disappeared completely.

"That... That's something I'd rather not think about, to be honest. I feel like something bad will happen just by imagining it."

The expression on Bai Zemin's face was deadly serious as he said those words and his black eyes so chilling that they took the Sixth Order Higher Existence by surprise. For a moment, Akumi could have sworn he felt the human's aura grow abruptly before falling back down.

"Then 1 guess now you understand why all of us are so "crazy" and not afraid to die." Akumi chuckled again and a screen of red light began to cover his body starting from his head. His voice became much louder, almost like a roar as he said, "If we can have some fun then what is death? Come on, I'll let you take out one more item to make you stronger before we start the fight; I'm getting impatient to battle you!"

Rumble....!!!!

Bai Zemin subconsciously activated the power of his two divine flames, bringing out his Infinity Devouring Armor without hiding anything else. It was only thanks to the special defensive ability of the Heaven Devouring Flame that he barely managed to hold his ground against the aura of such a monster.

The difference between Akumi and the other Higher Existences Bai Zemin had faced so far was as great as the difference between a fish tank and a flowing river!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Just one more item..." Bai Zemin looked at the other treasure orbs in his storage ring but quickly dismissed the idea of taking any of them out.

'These orbs are just green colored orbs, which are equivalent to Epic grade treasures. Even a hundred Epic grade treasures wouldn't do me any good against an enemy that outranks me by so many levels not to mention a single one.' He reasoned logically.

Bai Zemin's eyes stopped on a skill scroll, and the more he stared at it the less he could tear his eyes away from it.

The indescribable feeling he hadn't felt in a while was back. That abnormal, beastly, and from a certain point of view a bit primal feeling appeared in his heart again.

The instinct of a beast screaming at him to choose that scroll was there for him.

But, why?

'No.' Bai Zemin smiled to himself, somewhat ironically, and then muttered, "I don't need to know the why."

Even though he had two extremely powerful new Legend grade treasures, Bai Zemin feared that he only had a 30% chance of defeating Akumi and this was just depending on many factors, among them, luck. Therefore, it didn't matter any reason as long as he could survive.

'Besides,' Bai Zemin stuck his left hand out and the storage ring on one of his fingers glowed: 'My instinct friend has never left me naked under the bright sunlight!'

When the scroll appeared in his palm, Bai Zemin wished to see the records of the skill guarded there. The Soul Record immediately corresponded to his request."Mm?" Akumi let out a slight exclamation of curiosity and doubt when he suddenly saw the eyes of the human in the distance widen.

What happened?

Bai Zemin hadn't reacted this strongly even when he got those two Legend grade treasures from which even Akumi could sense a threat.

Bai Zemin's hand trembled slightly, and for a brief moment, he closed his eyes.

Suddenly, he opened his eyes again and his dark pupils shone as if a million stars lit up inside them. Looking at Akumi, he said in a serious voice, "It's really a pity."

More curious than eager to start fighting, Akumi asked, "What's a pity?"

"It's a pity that I have to give up such a good skill given the circumstances... I'm not complaining, though." Bai Zemin replied, though it sounded more like he was talking to himself. Giving up on such a good skill?

Akumi subconsciously stared at the scroll in Bai Zemin's hands and suddenly realized that the color of the ribbon binding the scroll was golden in tone.

As far as he knew, the skill scrolls with golden colored ribbon were those that had the strongest skills stored/recorded on them. As to how strong those skills were, Akumi didn't know since he never held one of those in his hands.

Under normal circumstances, Akumi would not hesitate to steal the scroll. However, he knew that if he took something that belonged to a Lower Existences he would be hit by Soul Punishment... And he would rather die fighting than dying from being a stupid thief.

"What kind of skill is that? And why are you giving it up?" Akumi asked feeling truly perplexed.

Wouldn't Bai Zemin's chances of victory increase even more if he learned that powerful skill? This way, Akumi could also have a lot more fun in the last battle of his life.

Bai Zemin had a slightly bitter smile on his face, but suddenly that bitter smile disappeared. As if he had realized something, his expression became genuinely happy as he even bowed slightly to Akumi and said something that left him dumbfounded.

"Thank you for coming here today... Even though I don't know if I can make it through, this opportunity is one that probably wouldn't have appeared before us in any other way."

Akumi narrowed his eyes, and a ferocious flame slowly began to flare in them. He was starting to feel impatient and at the same time annoyed at his opponent's mysterious words and strange attitude.

However, Bai Zemin did not care.

He pulled out the Sun Destroyer Bow, fashioned a golden mana arrow, and then shot the arrow in Obion World's direction with the skill scroll he had just obtained at the tip of the arrow. The golden arrow was so fast that it literally left a thin yellow streak in its trail despite having disappeared into the distance much earlier.

As he lowered the bow and looked into the distance, Bai Zemin couldn't help but think that destiny really did work in strange ways, and such incredible surprises could happen when one least expected it.

"I'm really curious..." Bai Zemin muttered with a trembling and excited heart.

Several hundred kilometers far away, Shangguan Bing Xue was standing on the front wall of Hero City. Near her, the former Sky Faction members and Xia Ya gazed intently into the distance as if they were waiting for something.

Suddenly, a golden flash shone in the distance and before any of them could understand what was happening it arrived right in front of Shangguan Bing Xue.

"Watch out!"

"What the hell!"

"What's this all about?!"

Everyone was dumbfounded as they did not understand why on earth Bai Zemin would suddenly attack one of their own. Only Shangguan Bing Xue had no reaction at all.

To be honest with herself, Shangguan Bing Xue would rather die than doubt that person... Because if that person betrayed her then it would probably be better to be dead since she would not be able to trust anyone for all eternity.

Even when the golden arrow was only a meter away from her head she did not move to dodge nor did she do anything to protect herself. She wasn't even a little nervous.

That's how much she trusted him.

When the arrow was only an inch away from piercing her forehead and finishing off one of the most gorgeous beauties of all, that terrifying arrow burst softly and turned into tiny specks of golden light that surrounded her like beautiful dancing fireflies.

Under the relieved yet curious eyes of the others, Shangguan Bing Xue reached out her hand with lightning speed and caught the scroll just before it fell to the ground.

"Skill scroll?" Xia Ya blinked, feeling extremely confused.

On the other hand, Shangguan Bing Xue's heart that only thumped loudly when she was close to the only man she had ever loved in her entire life and still loved began to beat more and more intensely, and by the time a couple of seconds had passed that small but at the same time big heart of hers was a frenetic mess.

In the distance, Bai Zemin put away his bow and smiled as if he could see Shangguan Bing Xue's expression of gratitude, pleasant surprise, and shock... Because the skill that was recorded on that scroll was none other than Water Manipulation!

Shangguan Bing Xue had Ice Maker which was, at the end of the day, a skill that allowed her to make water in its solid state.

"I'm really curious to know what will happen wdien those two skills get together..."