Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1307 Ice Goddess Shangguan Bing Xue: Eternal Ice Body & Frost Angel Domain

[Congratulations! You have become the only living being in existence in all the multiverses under the supervision of the Soul Record to learn both creation and manipulation!]

[Congratulations! You are now this generation's Ice Goddess!]

[You have become one of the crucial existences in the survival of all life!]

[You have received the title Empyrean Divergent].

[You have received a Special Quest!]

...

Notification after notification, Shangguan Bing Xue's beautiful sky-colored eyes glittered again and again with repeated messages from the Soul Record. She would never have imagined that learning a single skill would lead to so many shocking changes.

Mhm?

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyebrows rose slightly when in a flash she saw the two words 'Special Quest'. This would not be her first time receiving a quest from the Soul Record, as just like Bai Zemin she also got the quest to wipe out the asura race after their counter invasion to Oblon World. That time, she and he received gratifying and juicy rewards even though the final success rate was not particularly high, making her wonder about this new one; a Special Quest at that.

However, the notifications didn't stop coming and just like raindrops in the middle of a storm her eyes filled with green lights so the notifications were washed to the bottom. At least for now, it was impossible for her to slow down to examine her newly acquired records; Bai Zemin was waiting for her after all.

Shangguan Bing Xue opened her sweet lips and was about to say something when she suddenly stopped dead in her tracks.

[You have acquired Fifth Order UNIQUE skill - Eternal Ice Body!]

[Eternal Ice Body (Passive skill): Exclusive skill of the Ice Goddess, no second one can exist in the universe unless certain conditions are met under specific circumstances. Effect: Resistance to Water element +85%. High resistance to the 'Frozen' effect after being affected by biomes/climates whose extreme temperatures reach below absolute zero. When fighting in battlefields surrounded by water, ice, frost, snow, or freezing fog increases your recovery and healing by 400% as well as decreasing your Mana consumption by 50%. Immune to Corruption-type status effects].

[Title 'Ice Goddess' and UNIQUE skill 'Eternal Ice Body' have reappeared, unlocking the requirements for a new Domain].

Domain?

Shangguan Bing Xue's heart trembled and her beautiful pink lips quivered.

How could she, Bai Zemin's right-hand woman and one of the existences he trusted the most, as well as one of the most powerful Lower Existences in history, not know what the word 'Domain' meant behind its apparent simplicity?

A Domain was the maximum realm that a soul evolver could unleash using either skills or combat styles! If two water mages met in combat, the weaker one would still crush the stronger one if the latter did not have an elemental Domain and the former did!

She quickly checked the latest notification she just got.

[Among the following Domains destined to the Ice Goddess of each generation you can only choose one. Remember that after choosing a Domain you will not be able to have another one, please be careful].

[Option 1: Niflheim: This is a Domain with great 'sealing' and 'freezing' effects. Although its destructive capacity is practically nil, its ability to kill enemies by sealing them eternally under thick layers of ice is unsurpassed. Its power range is capable of affecting existences that are up to 1 Order above the user, being barely effective against those that surpass the user by 2 Orders. It has a relatively high cooldown time after its use].

[Option 2: Frost Angel: This Domain has no ability to kill the enemy and its effect on the opponent is practically 0, instead, this Domain is focused on support and self-preservation. When using Water Manipulation in conjunction with Ice or Water Maker, it releases a dense amount of frost that covers the battlefield. Inside this Domain, the user's body and that of all allies go into 'fog' mode, thus allowing to completely avoid an attack (below World Destroyer level) once every 4 seconds. If the user or an ally is hit at the same time, the user will be prioritized as the cooldown time for the 'fog' mode is 3 seconds and there cannot be two at the same time. Can be activated at will up to a maximum of 1800 seconds (30 minutes) every day].

Even if Shangguan Bing Xue's heart was very strong and her mentality countless times more stable than many old monsters with over a thousand years of life, her lovely body could not help but tremble at the effects of such Domains.

To say that those two Domains were powerful would be an understatement!

Everything else aside, only the first Domain under the name 'Niflheim' directly allowed the Ice Goddess to effortlessly kill tens, hundreds, or maybe even thousands of enemies 1 Order above her in the blink of an eye! Even those 2 Orders above her could end up becoming lambs waiting to be slaughtered depending on the overall power difference between the two sides!

"Are you alright?" Xia Ya asked with a frown as she saw the shocked expression on Shangguan Bing Xue's face. What amazed Xia Ya the most, however, was that the current Shangguan Bing Xue gave her a feeling of wanting to adore her to the point where she was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.

Shangguan Bing Xue snapped back to reality and quickly nodded without saying anything.

Only now was she realizing how priceless the "gift" Bai Zemin had just given her was.I think you should take a look at

She didn't even hesitate when she chose Domain number 2.

[You have learned 'Domain - Frost Angel'].Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

A severe headache made her steps falter for an instant as her very soul shuddered. The amount of information that flooded her mind as well as the weight on her soul of suddenly learning such a powerful Domain.... Not many people could stand their ground without fainting not to mention standing upright.

"Xia Ya, use your skill on me."

Shangguan Bing Xue's voice was cold to begin with, but this time her voice was not only ice cold but now there was a kind of majesty and aura that was barely there before. Although it was not her intention at all, her tone of voice, as well as her expression, left no room for argument or denial from anyone!

Even Xia Ya nodded without realizing it and by the time she responded, she had already used her 'Royal Wolf Pack' skill on her.

[Your soul is linked for a short period of time with the deepest records of Blood Warlock Bai Zemin. Strength +10,000, Magic +10,000, Mana +10,000, Stamina +10,000, Health +10,000, Agility +10,000].

[Congratulations! You have come into contact with a new type of energy!]

[Spiritual power +2000].

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed in her heart as she felt the terrifying power flowing through her veins.

To say that she was now twice as powerful as before was not exactly an exaggeration... and this was just talking about stats.

Because if it was about her overall power....

Screeee~!

Accompanied by the cry of a bird, a large icy blue magic circle glowed just below Shangguan Bing Xue's feet.

The guardians of Hero City, Higher Existences who in order to avoid death could not risk putting even one step outside, were immediately shocked when they saw the beautiful beast with a height of 3 meters and a wingspan of over 20 meters.

"Phoenix?"

"It's an Ice Phoenix!"

"Weren't they extinct?!"

"... Who knows. There are all sorts of strange things in this universe." Lu Cai sighed and a complicated look flashed across his face as he gazed at the majestic phoenix whose glittering feathers seemed to be made of real ice. He whispered, "Particularly this group of people... Not just the Leader, all of them can't be seen though normal eyes."

Swoosh!!!

If it had been before, Shangguan Bing Xue would have at least said a simple word before moving. However, she said nothing as she directly gave a mental command to her summoned mount, and with a mighty flap of the Ice Phoenix both of them shot forward.

Her temperament and personality had become much icier than before, only she herself did not notice it as she did not feel any discomfort at all. Her heart and thoughts were worried about Bai Zemin as it had been a few minutes since the battle against that giant Sixth Order beast began. As for the others... they simply didn't appear even for a second in her head.

Thanks to her newly acquired 'Eternal Ice Body' skill, Shangguan Bing Xue did not have to worry about the spatial energy erosion. Even the most terrifying zombie virus would no longer be able to corrupt her.

'Zemin...' Watching and feeling the huge explosions as well as the terrifying crash waves hundreds of kilometers ahead, Shangguan Bing Xue's heart squeezed.

A woman's instinct was truly terrifying. Particularly terrifying when it was something that somehow involved the man they were in love with.

And that female instinct told her that Bai Zemin was absolutely no match for that Sixth Order beast. This was one of the main reasons, if not the main reason of all, why she chose the Frost Angel Domain and not Niflheim.

Her blue eyes were as cold and sharp as a blade. Her seemingly icy heart was filled with worry as well as deep murderous intent.

Standing on the back of the Ice Phoenix that was flying at full speed, Shangguan Bing Xue turned into a beam of deep blue light that in a matter of seconds disappeared from everyone's line of sight.