Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1308 Terrifying Absolute Piercing effect

From the wall of Hero City, Lu Cai looked at the thin but clear line of pale blue light left behind by the Ice Phoenix for a few seconds and said, "Even though His Majesty and Lady Shangguan are undoubtedly the two greatest anomalies I have ever met in my long life, it will probably be a tough match for them to defeat that Sixth Order beast."

One of them nodded and after a moment of silence quietly remarked, "If it was a different race then the union of those two.... No, His Majesty alone might have a chance to win.... But, that Sixth Order beast has truly terrifying natural armor covering its body. Even myself who is based on physical strength would have trouble breaking through it."

The only woman in the group blinked and slowly said, "We can't leave the walls of Hero City. The laws of the universe will immediately turn us to dust.... But it's not like we don't have the ability to do anything either."

Lu Cai nodded and without saying a word took out something from his storage ring.

When the other team members saw the giant object resembling a war tank they fell silent.

"From this distance... We can only pray to the heavens to hit the target."

...

...

BOOM!!!!

Bai Zemin's body hurriedly recoiled and a grimace of pain involuntarily covered his face. Unfortunately, he was not in a situation where he could afford to rest or relieve the feeling of the bones in his arms, particularly his hands, getting crushed.

Seeing his opponent flying backwards, Akumi snorted and did not hesitate to pursue. His speed was simply ghostly, which was truly shocking considering his size.

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and with a loud flapping of his wings managed to stop. Without hesitation, he too shot forward to meet his enemy.

"[Stone Claw!]"

Akumi's claw which was large enough to easily cover Bai Zemin descended at the same time as a deep brown light gleamed from them.

When the two were only a second away from clashing, the golden wings on Bai Zemin's back disappeared along with the spear in his hands. This clearly took Akumi by surprise since in previous battles Bai Zemin had never used this move, and that surprise caused him to freeze for 0.1 seconds.

Usually, 0.01 seconds was insignificant even in a battle of this level. However, Bai Zemin's black eyes shone with a strange light at that moment and he immediately knew what he had to do to take advantage of this small but uncommon advantage.

'A Glimpse into the Future' was a truly terrifying skill, indeed.

"[Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth!]"

Bai Zemin's voice sounded like a roar.

The huge golden blade of Annihilation of the Falling Sky immediately turned a strange blackish purple color as a total of three flames burned together, and an instant later the unthinkable finally happened.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!

Akumi's 'Stone Claw' collided with Bai Zemin's 'Rumbling the Heavens, Shaking the Earth', causing a thunderous explosion in outer space. The center of impact immediately became a terrifying void that quickly began to expand outward in an elliptical shape.

Dozens of rocky asteroids scattered within several tens of kilometers exploded into thousands of pieces and tiny stones shot out disorderly in different directions after being hit by the resulting power of the collision.

Akumi's eyes widened in shock, as for the first time since the beginning of the fight he felt an overwhelming amount of pain striking his heart from his palm. Even more unbelievable, however, was that the sword of the human in front of him actually managed to restrain him for 1 second without being pushed back!

One had to know that Akumi's Strength stat was much higher than Bai Zemin's Strength even when the latter was using Overlap Regeneration!

Among the Sixth Order Higher Existences, Akumi was among the three most powerful in terms of physical strength and defense!

Suddenly, under Akumi's wide eyes, Bai Zemin released his grip on his sword and before his body could be stopped by the force of the impact, he continued to move forward. Like a supple water snake, he slithered between Akumi's claws and before the latter could react to what was happening he appeared less than five meters away from Akumi's head.

"[Rending of the Night!]"

With his spear back in his hands, Bai Zemin roared furiously as he stabbed fiercely forward.

Akumi's pupils trembled as he saw the bloody obsidian-colored flame advancing. For the first time in a long time, he sensed real danger.

This attack had not only been executed perfectly, taking advantage of several opportunities that had arisen in a short period of time, but it was also extremely cruel... Because the target of the spear was none other than Akumi's right eye!I think you should take a look at

With no time to retreat and out of pure instinct, Akumi immediately closed his eyelids to protect his naked eyes.

A cruel and fierce smile appeared on Bai Zemin's face as he completed the thrusting motion.

There were no thunderous explosions; neither were there any great flashes of light shining in the middle of outer space. However, the silence was often but a prelude to something truly terrifying approaching to devour its prey.

[Critical Hit!]

[Critical Hit!]

ROAR!!!!

Two green notifications flashed in Bai Zemin's eyes and a roar that shook his internal organs boomed in his ears from a distance too short to protect against.

As blood and pieces of flesh splattered everywhere, Akumi instinctively waved his two claws ferociously at the same time as his giant body retreated in a hurry.

Bai Zemin naturally expected something like this to happen so he hurriedly divided the Aegis shield into two groups. One group of two shields blocked one of the claws and the other group also composed of two shields blocked the other.

BANG!!!

Bai Zemin forcefully stomped the fifth and last shield under his feet, shooting backwards with a speed that even forced him to close his eyes for a moment. Not even a second after he successfully retreated from danger, the two shield groups were propelled sideways and the claws slashed at the place where he had been just a moment ago.

When he finally managed to stop, Bai Zemin whose chest heaved up and down in gasps could not help but wail a little as he looked at his enemy writhing in pain and howling fiercely.

Akumi's right eye had disappeared and even his eyelid was nowhere to be found. All that could be seen there was an almost empty hole filled with blood mixed with other extremely foul liquids and fragments of crushed bones.

It had been several minutes since the battle between him and Akumi began, but this was the first time Bai Zemin used 'Rending of the Night'. It wasn't that he didn't want to use the skill before, it was just that before revealing it he wanted to take his best shot and maybe, just maybe, kill the enemy with that attack.

After all, the eye was a weak area and the brain was right behind it.

"What a pity..." Bai Zemin covered his chest with one hand and gasped heavily. Approximately 1/3 of his hair had already turned completely white and the speed at which the rest of his black hair full of vitality was dying only got faster.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

"Impossible, Impossible... IMPOSSIBLE!!!" Akumi roared as he continued to writhe in pain.

Having an eyeball exploded into pulp, countless nerves directly connected to the brain forcibly severed, and part of the skull shattered beyond all recognition.... This kind of pain was something that could easily drive even the toughest and most ferocious in the universe insane!

It was just that Akumi didn't understand what was going on... Even if the eye was undoubtedly a sensitive and weak area for any living being, he clearly closed his eyelids before getting hit!

Even though his eyelids were not as tough as the rest of his body, the defense of his rocky skin was even tougher than the strength of ten thousand mountains stacked together!

Impossible? Bai Zemin mocked in his heart and without a single word took out a golden bow from his storage ring.

When the Sun Destroyer Bow appeared in his hands, the aura around him changed. With a thought, Annihilation of the Falling Sky returned to his side and in an instant turned into a golden arrow coated with mysterious runes.

Akumi seemed to sense danger as he immediately roared furiously with his half-bloodied head, "[Earth Barrier!!!]"

Annihilation of the Falling Sky, which was now a golden arrow, burst into bright flames once Bai Zemin placed it on the Sun Destroyer Bow. Seeing the deep brown energy barrier around Akumi, his somewhat tired black eyes flashed with a hint of contempt.

"[Rending of the Night!]"

In less than a thousandth of a second, a golden arrow wrapped in clear flames and another identical arrow only black and surrounded by a blaze of black fire appeared less than half a meter away from the defensive barrier covering Akumi.

That defensive barrier was so powerful that even two Sixth Order soul evolvers would have to struggle a bit before being able to break through it. However, what happened next shocked Akumi.

Peng!

The sound of a crystal glass being pierced resounded in Akumi's hearing. The pupil of his one healthy eye contracted into a tiny dot.

Against the 'absolute piercing' effect that Rending of the Night obtained after evolving to the Sixth Order, Bai Zemin's enemies' defenses were as good as garbage; even magical barriers couldn't stop him!