Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1309 Hero City's main weapon power

The arrow fired by the Sun Destroyer Bow was not just any arrow; it was a weapon with high physical attack damage, indestructible.

More importantly... that arrow was fired under the activation of the most powerful single-target skill Bai Zemin had ever seen in his entire life!

Bang! Bang!

Two dull explosions occurred at the same time as Akumi's roar of pain echoed in outer space. The atmosphere shook as large amounts of blood splattered, floating into nothingness and being carried away by the seemingly unstoppable shockwave.

The original arrow and the copy hit the midsection of Akumi's body, leaving there two large holes the size of a human head whose depth was difficult to estimate.

Despite having wounded his enemy, however, Bai Zemin not only did not smile but instead a slight frown appeared on his face.

This kind of damage...

Compared to Akumi's size, those two holes were really too small!

"Hahahahahaha! Interesting, really interesting!"

Bai Zemin's expression suddenly changed drastically and without hesitation he retreated more than 200 meters in an instant. His eyes stared at Akumi, who was laughing even though his entire body was trembling in pain.

"To think that you were hiding a trump card like this even while facing my two companions! Hey, Bai Zemin... Are you really human? Are you really a Lower Existence? Hahahaha! Even if I fall here today I will definitely leave with no regrets!" Akumi seemed to be talking to himself as he never expected any response from Bai Zemin.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin realized a problem.... When he tried to recall Annihilation of the Falling Sky, not only could he not, but his connection with the arrow buried in the beast's body had been interrupted!

It was only then that he saw that the bloody holes were now closed. More precisely, the bloody holes were not closed but there were now thick layers of stone covering them.

Those stones...

Bai Zemin suddenly had a bad feeling, but just when he realized it was too late.

"[Domain - Stone World!]"

Along with Akumi's deep and sinister voice, a layer of greyish-colored intangible light spread from his chest outwards.

Although Bai Zemin relied heavily on his movement speed, the gray light spread everywhere and in just half a breath of time covered more than five kilometers. It was totally impossible for him to get away from there in time, and even if he had the ability it was unlikely that he would have done so.... At the end of the day, he was a melee fighter.

[You have been affected by your enemy's Domain -Stone World-. During the next 2 weeks, your Agility stat will decrease by 20%. It is recommended to leave the 'Stone World' Domain as soon as possible or defeat the liberating user, otherwise your movements will become increasingly rigid until you become an entity sealed in stone].

Bai Zemin's pupils contracted when he received the notification warning him that his records were being compromised.

Losing 20% of his Agility stat for two weeks was no big deal; it wasn't even certain that he would live past today after all. But... The side effect, also called ongoing effect, was something that Bai Zemin could not afford.

Suddenly, a large-sized shadow appeared just to his right.

'SHIT!!!' Bai Zemin struck fiercely towards that giant shadow at the same time as he tried to retreat.

Unfortunately, his Agility had been sealed 1/4.

BOOM!!!

Bai Zemin didn't know what hit him as he was sent flying uncontrollably backwards, smashing through a 100 meter diameter asteroid in the process. His blood flew everywhere and the small red droplets with golden sparks floated into outer space, slowly drifting away.

After retreating more than 1500 meters, Bai Zemin managed to stabilize himself though just barely.

"Looks like the game is about to end."

Akumi's voice sounded right beside him, and out of pure instinct, he raised his right arm to protect his head in a hurry.

BOOOOM!!!!

His body was sent flying again but this time much faster than before. The overwhelming pain was such that even he who was used to suffering worse injuries than this could not help but gasp against his own steely will.

One must know that Bai Zemin's bones were even harder than diamonds at this point. But while this granted him a huge defense, it also had its consequences.

Namely, a great deal of pain at the moment of breaking. It was not the same to pluck a small, weak flower from the ground than to pull up a 100 meter high tree; the earth would definitely suffer much more in the second case.I think you should take a look at

Despite the pain, Bai Zemin's mind was still as clear as ever and his agile brain kept searching for countermeasures: 'My Agility before this could barely keep up with Akumi's speed under the effects of Overlap Regeneration, but now.... Shit!!!'

His natural Agility was just over 17,000 points. Directly losing 20% meant that he had currently just lost over 4000 points of Agility! Worse yet, this would continue to get higher and higher as the battle dragged on!

With no ideas about what to do in this respect, Bai Zemin hastily did the only thing that at this point would help alleviate his problem a little.

'Use all my free Status Points in Agility!'

Until today, Bai Zemin had kept just over 1000 Status Points that he had not touched at all precisely because those points could save his life in a moment of emergency. Today, even though the problem would not be solved at all, he could only do this.

[Agility +1020. Status Points currently free: 0].

Despite feeling the weight on his body, the stiffness that restricted him, disappear to some extent, Bai Zemin did not even have time to sigh as he immediately foresaw his death approaching.

Akumi appeared right behind Bai Zemin, like a ghost. With emotions bubbling inside him and ignoring the pain tormenting his soul under the Soul Punishment thrown by the Soul Record, as well as the continuous loss of records, he fiercely struck out with his tail in a swing.

Swoosh!!!

"Huh..." Akumi couldn't help but freeze for a moment when his tail didn't hit anything.

Dodged?

How could it be dodged... How could this be possible?

Akumi was 100% sure that after releasing his Domain victory was a sure thing since, as far as he was aware, Bai Zemin would never be able to defend himself again. Earlier the human could barely keep up with him and was even a bit slower, so after being affected by his Domain sealing part of the enemy's Agility his death should be at the door.

But now...

In fact, Bai Zemin was lucky. He could barely dodge that.... But he knew for a fact that his chances of dodging a second attack were less than 10% not to mention that all the bones in his right arm, including his hand and fingers, were full of cracks.

Dammit, even the entirety of his skeleton had cracks as if it was a glass of fragile crystal about to shatter into pieces!

Akumi froze for a second, and so did Bai Zemin.

One froze from shock, but the other froze because he needed to hurriedly find an exit door in this urgent situation.

Suddenly and out of the blue, Akumi turned his head fiercely and his huge red pupils trembled for a split second.

Bang!!!

A faint flash of green light hit him right in the neck. Forget reacting, Akumi couldn't even see clearly what that thing was.

Even Bai Zemin stared blankly.

[You have been hit by the Barrier Destroying Arrow launched by the Legend grade treasure 'Divine Crossbow Piercing the Clouds'. For the next 60 minutes, all your defense (magic and physical) drops to 0 points. All barrier-type skills below Fifth Order cannot be activated at all and this effect cannot be forcibly removed].

Under Bai Zemin's shocked eyes, all the metallic-looking rock armor covering Akumi's body shattered, peeling off his scaly skin in an instant.

Within the walls of Hero City and just as he fired the Barrier Destroying Arrow, Lu Cai roared, "SHOOT THE CANNONS!"Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The roar of a Seventh Order soul evolver was not something that could be underestimated at all, and the only reason no one died was because Lu Cai himself had no ill intentions.

In the throne room, Wu Yijun trembled as Lu Cai's roar brought her out of her daze.

She tightened her grip on the golden rock that Bai Zemin had given her previously and called out, "F- FIRE!"

She, who had fallen into a pool of ice after seeing Bai Zemin getting brutally beaten, did not hesitate for a second. Directly consuming 30% of the city's energy, the main weapon got activated.

In the deepest part of the backyard of the royal castle, a white tower that was over 1000 meters high suddenly lit up and the tip trembled. A magic circle over 300 meters in diameter which covered almost half of the tower appeared on the front part, and without any warning, it exploded.

The entire Hero City shook and the artificial sky shattered directly as a beam of white light tore the space-time barrier to shreds. For a few seconds, everyone in the city lost their vision as all they saw was an intense pure white color blinding their eyes and burning their eyes.

More than a thousand kilometers away, Akumi suddenly felt danger of death and did not even take a breath to realize that he could not dodge whatever was coming.