Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1310 Meng Qi's resolve

From the moment Bai Zemin increased his natural Agility using his free Status Points to the moment Hero City's main weapon was triggered, no more than 2 seconds had passed. The brutal change in the battle situation made Bai Zemin himself unable to react, as for an instant his brain seemed to have short-circuited and stopped.

When the beam of white light appeared without warning, he finally understood what was happening.

Before beginning the battle against these Higher Existences, Bai Zemin had given both Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun a Spiritual Record Stone containing his blood and part of his records. Although it was impossible for both women to control the entire city with this Spiritual Record Stone, it was no problem to let them control one or two functions for a short period of time.

Clearly, Wu Yijun or Shangguan Bing Xue activated Hero City's main and strongest weapon: the God & Demon Killing Tower.

In Oblon World, everyone be it asuras, asuras who had already gone through the process of race change, or soul evolvers who came here together with Bai Zemin, froze in shock as they stared at the bright white sky flashing intensely above their heads.

Standing at the top of the emperor's palace, Shangguan Xinyue's pupils contracted repeatedly and her tiny but lovely body trembled as the strongest aura of death she had ever felt swept over her as she gazed at the white light covering the sky.

She was clearly far away from the battlefield and she still felt this way....

Her pretty face immediately went pale. She turned and looked down at the masses below as she shouted loudly, "Move!!!! Make everyone get into the Limitless Pagoda even if they have to squish or bend!!!"

Her feminine voice was extremely beautiful and pleasing to the ears, but everyone could clearly hear her dread.

Meng Qi's heart clenched tightly and tears now ran down her face uncontrollably. Despite this, however, she immediately ordered in a firm but urgent voice: "Get inside! Everyone inside! Big Sister Lingxin, use all the Soul Stones we have if necessary!"

Nangong Lingxin also snapped out of her stupor and while staring in horror at the white sky nodded without saying anything this time.

Saving Soul Stones? If they didn't hurry they would all end up dead today!

Approximately two minutes later, the sky slowly began to calm down and the trembling world also regained calm.

"Done!"

An urgent but beautiful voice brought Meng Qi out of her daze. She looked over and saw Luo Ning approaching in a hurry as she rode on a large red-eyed black wolf.

"Is it finished?!" Meng Qi asked urgently and came over.

"Big Sister Meng Qi, all the asuras are now human!" Luo Ning hurriedly nodded. Her pretty face was a little pale as she looked up at the sky and said, "W-What should we do now? Big brother, he..."

"Everyone, STEP BACK!" Meng Qi cut her off and quickly ran towards a clearing not too far away.

Although Nangong Lingxin and the others didn't understand very well they still heard her words. In a matter of seconds, everyone, including the asuras-turned-

humans, had moved back more than 200 meters.

Standing on top of the emperor's palace, Shangguan Xinyue watched as Meng Qi carefully took out a small but beautiful ruby-colored pearl from her sleeve.

"That is..." Even from afar, Shangguan Xinyue was surprised as she could clearly sense an enormous amount of extremely powerful and abstruse records coming from inside that pearl.

In fact, this pearl was similar to the one Bai Zemin had given Lilith as it was created using the Third Activation power of his Crimson Lightning Flash skill. However, the pearl in Meng Qi's hands was slightly different as its function had been modified due to Bai Zemin using the power of another skill of his; and this was the first time he used this power.

Meng Qi threw the red pearl into the sky and a cyan colored sword appeared in her right hand. She slashed the air above her head several times, and surprisingly several flashes of cyan light appeared and floated and overlapped.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Just as the red pearl reached its highest point and began to fall back to the ground, a magical circle 5 meters in diameter glowed as the cyan-colored lights joined together, forming more than 70 composed runes.I think you should take a look at

A shockwave spread out from the magic circle and struck the red pearl, shattering it into thousands of fragments to no one's surprise. However, what happened next certainly left many breathless.

"Open!"

Meng Qi's voice spread far and wide as suddenly the thousands of shattered fragments blazed brightly. The cyan and red light began to spin 100 meters high, the ground trembled slightly and a foreign aura began to seep out from the center where the two lights interconnected.

In less than 10 seconds, a 50-meter diameter portal had successfully formed before everyone's wide eyes.

Meng Qi's pretty face had turned as pale as a sheet but she endured the feeling of dizziness as she shouted in an urgent voice, "Get everyone to the other side quickly! I can't hold the door open for long!"

No one asked questions despite their doubts. If there was one thing that was clear to everyone at this point it was that if they didn't do something big they would probably die today, as the fierce battle in space had not necessarily ended with an outcome that everyone hoped to see.

Since they had neither the power nor the ability to do "something big" then they could only rely on others, even if they did not know what they were doing.

Hundreds of thousands of asuras-turned-humans were driven to the other side of the portal per second, and the dense tide of people surrounding the city began to recede at a speed visible to anyone.

The process was extremely messy and the number of trampled to death easily reached three digits. Unfortunately, time was extremely urgent so there was nothing the evolved soldiers could do about it.

Luo Ning, Nangong Yu, Cai Jingyi, Kang Lan, Chen He, as well as many other Bai Zemin's trusted generals, also followed the others and entered the portal as they needed to preserve the order on the other side.

Among the few remaining generals and soul evolvers, Nangong Lingxin approached Meng Qi and with her eyes fixed on the trembling portal, she asked, "Where does this lead to?"

"Africa." Meng Qi replied gasping and in a weak voice.

"Africa?" Nangong Lingxin stared blankly and uncomprehendingly.

"My big brother has a skill called Pioneer's Mankind... One of the functions of this skill is to guide mankind to follow him no matter where he goes, so every so often he can open portals connecting the place he is to one of the worlds under his control or to the world he was born in." Meng Qi explained, her eyes filled with exhaustion also overflowing with pride as she said in an increasingly weak voice, "That pearl was crafted by him with great difficulty as it contained the activation records of this skill. So now they are all being sent to Africa."

Nangong Lingxin immediately understood and could not help but sigh in her heart.

"Bai Zemin, he.... He really thought of every last detail. No wonder... No wonder that even until now and after so many dangers starting from the lowest rung he managed to reach heights that even I can't see despite being one of the first to follow him."

"My brother feared that something like this would happen even though at that time such a thought and possibility was ridiculous. He told me back then that even if ten Fifth Order Higher Existences showed up at the same time he could still defeat them with some struggle, buying time for all of us." Meng Qi bit her lips with such intensity that red blood began to flow out rapidly and said, "But even he never thought that an enemy beyond the Fifth Order would appear."

A Fifth Order Higher Existence throwing their life away to attack a few Lower Existences was a very rare occurrence. More than one was extremely unlikely. Still, it was not impossible even if the likelihood of one or both of these situations occurring was close to 0.

But, a Sixth Order Higher Existence moving in to attack Lower Existences? Such a thing had no record at all. Moreover, this Sixth Order Higher Existence came to this corner of the universe exclusively to fight a Lower Existence that had not even reached the Fourth Order yet.

This was not a miscalculation or mistake on Bai Zemin's part.... He simply didn't have enough information, so he ignored the madness and thirst for excitement sought by most of the Higher Existences that were part of this disorderly faction.

Nangong Lingxin looked at Meng Qi's sickly pale face with a slightly changed countenance and said, "We should also leave now. Let's go..."

"I'm not going anywhere." Meng Qi cut her off directly.

"... Meng Qi, I understand that you're worried about him, but even if you stay here you won't be able to help him at all. You might even become a burden." Nangong Lingxin was still trying to talk some sense into her so she patiently explained, "Besides, I firmly believe that Bai Zemin will win in the end; as he always has. It's just that he won't necessarily be able to protect this world and maybe he'll find his own way back to..."

"I will not move from here until he returns." Meng Qi interrupted again coldly. Although her voice was low and her body was frail to the point where strong winds could knock her to the ground, she said more firmly than ever, "During the time we were apart at the beginning of this whole calamity what I regretted the most was not being able to be there to help him, support him, or at least see him. That feeling of loneliness and worry is something I never want to feel again, so I won't go."