Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1311 Love Debts & Resuming the Battle

Nangong Lingxin opened her mouth wanting to say something else but in the end did not know what to say. She couldn't help but smile bitterly as at this point the young girl wasn't even trying to be sly or hide her feelings. Even if Meng Qi and Bai Zemin did not share the slightest of blood ties, the two of them grew up together as siblings as far as she knew.... Therefore, while Nangong Lingxin did not blame Meng Qi at all nor did she feel the slightest bit of disdain towards her or her feelings, she still felt that the path Meng Qi was taking would not only be riddled with difficulties but could also lead her absolutely nowhere happy.

"It's okay if she doesn't want to leave."

A beautiful and mature voice brought Nangong Lingxin out of her inner world. She raised her head toward the source of the voice and there she saw the small, delicate back of Shangguan Xinyue standing atop a bell tower, her dress waving gently in tandem with her hair of the same color.

"Auntie Xinyue, you..." Meng Qi also stared in surprise.

By this point they were the three remaining to leave, and the unstable portal was about to close.

"In this life I have no more family at all other than a daughter. Although I tried my best and gave her all the love in my heart, how could I as her mother not see or realize that my own flesh and blood suffered pain and hatred as the years passed? I really tried everything over the years... I really did... but to no avail."

The three women of different ages and representing to some extent three different generations soon heard explosions in the distance. These explosions were coming from the distant sky, and with them could occasionally be seen flashes of lights shining and blinking.

It was obvious that the battle had resumed and its ferocity had not waned at all.

Shangguan Xinyue only paused for a moment when the explosions resumed, but soon she continued narrating as if talking to herself using a neutral tone of voice that didn't let you catch the nature of emotions she felt in her heart.

"I always blamed myself for everything even though deep down I knew better than anyone that I really wasn't the real culprit behind her suffering. I must admit that even I as a mother had given up on getting back the innocent and joyful smile she had when she was still naïve and happy.... But to my surprise, when the world descended into chaos, death, and sadness, what I found after regaining consciousness gave me a pleasant surprise."

At this point, Shangguan Xinyue closed her beautiful pale blue eyes and said with a faint smile as if remembering something sweet: "That girl indifferent to the point of repulsion towards any male kept talking about a boy even younger than her, hehe. She wouldn't stop talking about how powerful he was but what she often mentioned most was his gentleness and selflessness toward personal gains when it came to those closest to him. I really began to look forward to the time when I could finally meet this little boy, because I wanted to thank him for achieving in months what I couldn't in years."

"Maybe I can forget when I saw Bing Xue shed tears of pain and sadness, but there is no way I will forget all the times she smiled from her heart during these short two years. I have never seen her show so many human, female emotions since she turned 10 years old. All this was and is thanks to him both directly and indirectly... Today could be the end of everything, that's how strong the enemy is. I know that if he leaves in the truest sense of the word Bing Xue will follow him, and I as her mom can't stay behind."

Nangong Lingxin was silent for a moment before she understood. She looked at Meng Qi before nodding with realization.

Shangguan Xinyue had no family, only her daughter whose life or death after today was unknown.

Meng Qi certainly had her adoptive parents, but the most important person in her heart was here, and similarly, his life or death beyond today was a big question mark.

Without saying anything but with great respect, Nangong Lingxin bowed to Shangguan Xinyue even though her back was turned. Then, she gave Meng Qi a comforting smile and her eyes shone with praise before she silently walked towards the portal just before it disappeared.

She was not afraid to die, but there were things only she could do. On Earth, her help was needed, and she knew for a fact that her older brother Nangong Yi would be completely devastated if anything happened to her. Therefore, regardless of how worried she felt, she still left.

At the end of the day, feelings such as appreciation, respect, and the like were still far lower than the true love that was born from the depths of the soul.

A soft and gentle gust of wind curled around Meng Qi, but she did not struggle at all. Soon, she was standing next to Shangguan Xinyue, who despite the situation chuckled and said half-jokingly and half-seriously, "Our Little King better score another wonderful victory and come back safely. That little boy has a lot of love debts to pay I can see..."

Meng Qi: "..."

The girl's beautiful face was still terribly pale, but now there was a small blush of embarrassment and shyness there.

...

The white light that covered his entire line of sight and more lasted for two whole minutes before it began to gradually fade as the seconds passed.

At this point, Bai Zemin had moved back more than 5000 meters and finally emerged from the domain raised by the enemy. He also took the opportunity to drink several health potions in the process, even directly devouring several precious herbs with healing properties even though this was a waste as they still needed to be processed properly.

The battle was not over yet.

Bai Zemin had a strong tendency to repeat a few words to himself in his heart, that is, "If the records do not come the enemy still stands."

And he did not receive any notification let alone records proving Akumi's death.

In theory, the God & Demon Killing Tower was a weapon capable of devastating even Seventh Order Higher Existences with one fatal blow. Precisely because it was an extremely powerful weapon the energy consumption required to fire each shot was colossal and it could only be activated once every two hours.

One had to understand that the object that powered Hero City was some kind of mysterious crystalloid whose records could not be read in their entirety, which left Bai Zemin in shock for a long time when he found it deep underground.

Therefore, he was stupefied that even after that shot that illuminated a good part of the nearby universe Akumi was still alive.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

When the blinding white light finally disappeared, Bai Zemin finally got to see Akumi again.

The huge basilisk was, to say the least, in an extremely miserable state.

The back half of his body was nowhere to be seen, his left claw had gone from being a deadly physical weapon to a pile of useless flesh paste hanging limp, and except for his head there were hundreds if not thousands of tiny bloody holes piercing through Akumi's body.

After what seemed like a long time but was actually no more than a few seconds, Akumi opened his mouth and said in a hoarse voice, "I will admit that this is something I did not expect by any means... I was too careless even though I clearly didn't underestimate you at all."

Before this, Bai Zemin had told Akumi that he would do anything to survive. He even told him that he did not care at all about the so-called "honor of an expert" as long as he could live a little longer, as he simply could not afford to die as many relied on him and a few others were waiting for him back home.

But how could Akumi imagine that Bai Zemin had this kind of deadly weapons that even Higher Existences factions hardly had?

Even if the damage received was enormous in large part due to that arrow that nullified his entire defense...

"How on the hell did you survive that?" Bai Zemin asked indifferently.

He had already calmed down at this point. He knew there was no use worrying or getting nervous, and the more he thought about it the more he relaxed.

"I don't have time to explain anything." Akumi shook his head and looked up as the fierce lightning continued to strike his soul, "In 5 minutes at most I'll fall to the Fifth Order, and after that, I can only last 2 minutes at best considering I'm being hit by one of the harshest punishments of all."

Seven minutes? Bai Zemin's eyes sparkled when he heard this.

His hair currently only had a small portion of black in it, as 70-80% of it had turned completely white after losing its source vitality. In short, his time limit was also near.

Even if his soul only had a few not-so-dangerous cracks here and there, his spirit was so weak that it seemed as if it was about to disappear. If Bai Zemin's soul left his body in its best condition it would be impossible for others to notice any difference, but if his soul left his body now everyone could see through it as if he was a ghost.

Akumi, whose combat power had dropped tremendously and could currently only draw 70% of his maximum strength overall, wasted no time as he immediately rushed forward full of murderous intent.