Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1313 Ragnarok of the Gods & A Femme Fatale

Akumi was right when he said that, because by entering God Mode the time of several minutes that Bai Zemin was supposed to have was reduced to only two or three seconds at best.

Overlap Regeneration was a skill that allowed Bai Zemin to replace, change, all the records in a group to temporarily turn them into a completely different group of records. For example, he could change his Magic stat to 0 which would make all his magic power and any other related records drop directly to nothing in order to increase his Strength and thus all related physical attack power.

The first time Bai Zemin entered God Mode he got +3000 on all his stats, but this time it was +5000 on each of them.... 5000 to each stat, plus the use of Overlap Regeneration meant that one stat would increase 10,000 points in a single shot.

God Mode not only gave Bai Zemin thousands of stat points but also greatly amplified his overall battle power, and by using Overlap Regeneration this was virtually doubled.

He didn't expect that the weight on his already battered soul would put him in such a miserable state... But even if he knew he could do nothing to avoid it because God Mode would be forcibly activated under unknown circumstances.

Bai Zemin struggled with everything he could to free himself from the spatial lock that restrained him, but he was unsuccessful. Inside, he was roaring and howling with frustration because never in his entire life had he felt so useless and miserable...

I must not die! I can't!

Many lives depend on me! My loved ones would be completely devastated, even losing all will to continue living!

I still need to find out who I am! I still need to find answers to all the questions that weigh like mountains in my heart with no one knowing!

Even if it's just one more attack, one more assault! Even if my soul breaks into pieces!

No matter how hard Bai Zemin tried to fight, he couldn't even activate a skill let alone move...

The spatial lock was really fierce and extremely cruel...

In the face of Akumi's aura that weighed more than anything he had ever felt, Bai Zemin for the first time in his life felt insignificant and small like an ant.

When? When did I ever receive this level of humiliation?!

Theoretically, by entering God Mode the user's mind would become extremely clear and things like anger would never arise? This is because by going into God Mode the user would actually brand themselves as a True God, and mortals were not qualified to make them feel such great emotions.

...

In this life of mine I am a human being who was born with no power at all, but I know for a fact that this is not the first time I have lived.

My past self was born in an unknown place. Why I was born and for whom I was born, even after millions of years, I still do not know.

I have a very strong innate ability. For as long as I have use of reason and memory, that voice inside me that I always called 'instinct' always told me that nothing and no one in this universe could defeat me in a battle. That voice inside me is always arrogant because nothing and no one has the right or qualifications to reject or defeat me.

The voice would always tell me that even if the opponent was composed of an army of billions of warriors I would still come out victorious and my battle companions would shine brighter than anyone else under my glory; because I can break everything into nothing. Everyone who followed me would always end up growing stronger... only those companions who followed me in the past were not my true companions.

The ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius told me that that place full of terrifying immortals was a place I once loved and hated. This means that in at least one of my past lives I lived in that place and definitely left my mark there.

Even in that illusion that I lived under the power of the Collector's Pocket Watch I was named 'Blood Emperor' and eventually became the one and only ruler under the stars.

Those terrifying immortals that could make the arrogant Higher Existences of this universe tremble in fear were but insignificant ants in my eyes and now, however, an ant smaller than those ants was pressing me down like this?

What saddens and rages me the most is... this pitiful and miserable fate of mine.

I don't know why I died back in the past or who might have killed me. But in this life of mine I always found myself fighting either against the poverty and heartbreak or for my survival and that of my loved ones. My power was clearly there, inside me... I always knew it and from time to time I could feel it... but every time I tried to listen to that voice inside me, a wall that could not be broken through would block me.

I was once someone great and mighty, but who knows if after I died for the first time I wasn't reincarnated as a weak shred of grass destined to be trampled under someone else's feet...

This time the Soul Record is giving me the opportunity to become stronger little by little, if I die here will I be able to be reincarnated again? But even if I do reincarnate, maybe I can only live as a pitiful insect that crawls on the ground to sustain its miserable existence.

After who knows how many reincarnations, after so many lives and deaths, my once fearsome power is now exhausted. All I have now is just this... barely enough to sustain my life but unable to control it.

The current me... would I die like this?

My current self is truly weak... but the terrifying Heavenly Wolf Sirius clearly said that I was scary enough that no one dared to oppose me back then. How could I... die under the claws of a mere Sixth Order beast that wasn't even at the apex of this place?

My power... Where did you go...?

Please come back... just a little bit... At least let me use a little bit to protect what little dignity I have left. Really, just a little bit...

I... I'd really like to break these chains... break everything.

* * *

Another world.

Soldiers wearing armor and silver spears patrolled the quiet streets of the beautiful city.

This city definitely could not be built by human hands, as even the most powerful immortals could never create wonders of this level. The buildings soared into the clouds, floating on hundreds of islands suspended in nothingness and from which beautiful waterfalls of pure, clear water cascaded down, bathing the clouds and covering the world in its entirety.

The air in this place was so unbelievably pure that by the mere act of breathing it, an ordinary human whose life limit was about 100 years could easily live another 50 years.

The atmosphere was free of impurities, viruses, and dust.

Suddenly, the patrolling soldiers stopped dead in their tracks and, as if by prior agreement, involuntarily looked with surprised expressions towards the central floating island on which there was only one palace and where the real rulers of this fantasy world lived.

But at this very moment, the always peaceful and silent palace was turning into a huge mess with soldiers shouting and drawing their swords as if they were preparing to face a great enemy.

The walls shook fiercely and those who were the weakest among them simply fell to the ground as they screamed in pain at the terrifying pressure pressing down on their souls.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Inside a spacious hall adorned with golden statues and chandeliers made of precious minerals, a middle-aged man suddenly opened his razor-sharp eyes. The light that shone in them was so terrifying that a single glance could kill a Eighth Order soul evolver ten million times over, except that those sharp eyes were not as calm as usual but there was a glint of disbelief as he stared into the blank space.

Bang!!

The twin doors adorned with gold and emeralds were hurriedly opened from the outside and two young people, a male and a female, rushed in with swift footsteps.

"Royal Father!"

The extremely handsome man had black hair tied in a high ponytail, sharp eyebrows, and red eyes that glittered like precious pearls. Even in the midst of panic, his demeanor and aura were lofty enough to subdue anyone.

The middle-aged man sitting on the throne did not say a single word but stood straight up. His body became illusory for a moment, and the next second he was nowhere to be seen.

The handsome man and the beautiful woman exchanged glances before following the middle-aged man as if they knew where he went.

In a brightly lit room in an unknown space, three silhouettes appeared almost at the same time. The room was almost completely empty, except for the blood red spear stuck in the floor which was surrounded by twenty thick golden chains restraining it tightly.

"Ugh..."

The handsome young man and the beautiful woman were immediately forced to step back more than a dozen steps as soon as they appeared inside the room. This was because the blood-red spear was currently surrounded by a cyclone of fierce lightning that crackled noisily, covering half of the room.

Bang! Bang!

Suddenly, two of the chains that restrained the red spear exploded which caused the middle-aged man's expression to change tremendously.

The middle-aged man slashed both palms and hurriedly stretched his hands forward. His blood flew towards the remaining 18 thick chains, bathing them and making them glow brightly.

"Get sealed, you evil thing!" The middle-aged man's voice boomed along with the lightning storm caused by the red spear.

Time passed second by second, and ten minutes later the power of the lightning storm began to get weaker and weaker.

The handsome man and the middle-aged man let out sighs of relief, but just at that moment the lightning storm with a tendency to calm down suddenly blasted.

BOOM!!!

The middle-aged man took the brunt of it and his body was sent flying backwards like a missile.

BANG!!!

The wall shook fiercely, but not even a single crack appeared on it when the middle-aged man's body impacted against it.

Cough!

The middle-aged man's mouth opened and against his will he spat out a dozen mouthfuls of fresh blood.

"Father!"

"Royal Father!"

The middle-aged man slowly wiped the corner of his mouth and stood up, ignoring the worried and horrified expressions of his two offspring.

The man stared at the now silent red spear for a long time before gazing at the remaining 17 chains. A flood of extremely complicated emotions flickered in his blood-red eyes as he shook his head and said, "Let's get out. Leave this place."

After saying this, he simply vanished.

The handsome man, who appeared to be 25 years old, sighed in relief when he saw that his father was okay. An expression of hatred and fear shone in his eyes as he looked at the silent spear, and as if he didn't want to stay there a second longer he just faded away without a trace.

The beautiful woman, on the other hand, did not leave immediately.

Wearing a long and elegant jet black silk dress which hid her long slender arms under thick sleeves, she walked a few steps forward and stopped two meters short of the sealed spear.

A sword as thin as a cicada's wing whose deep blue color shook the space appeared in her right hand, and when she raised her arm one of the wide sleeves descended, revealing a previously hidden extremely beautiful arm.

Craaaack...

A streak of lightning of the same color as the sword whose name was Snow Cicada Star Monarch crackled inside the room on the blade of the weapon in her right hand. She stared at the 17 chains with hesitation inside her bewitching blood-red eyes and kept a slashing stance for a long time before shaking her head slightly.

She really wanted to do it.

She has been wanting to slash with her sword and shatter those chains for a long time... It's just that she kept hesitating even now.

This spear used to be called Blue Yellowspring and its color was blue, just like her sword. However, the Blue Yellowspring's spirit, as well as the terrifying murderous spirit of that person, caused the spear's power to grow and change, thus changing both its color and the name by which it would be known.

Ragnarok of the Gods.

It was this spear that ended millions of True Gods, hence its name.

It was this spear, or rather its sole owner, who ended the Age of the Gods. Even until today there were no 100% pure True Gods after that event, and even the royal family of each clan were reincarnations with awakened divine souls of high rank.

She herself ended up getting stabbed by this spear millions of years ago, which put an end to her life. Normally, she should feel hatred towards this spear and even more so towards its ancient owner... but she did not feel hatred at all even though she had nothing to do with the events of that time.

Because it was the three divine clans the ones who triggered everything.

The owner of this spear was certainly the one who suffered the most, and feeling both anger and sadness he did what he did.

"She should feel extremely loved and grateful once she recovers her past memories completely, as there has never been and will never be another woman more blessed by a love as pure and noble as the one you gave her in life and in death." The beautiful woman who appeared to be 23 or 24 years old put away the blue sword as she murmured these words in front of the spear.

A happy but somewhat sad smile flashed across the woman's otherworldly face as she whispered in a low voice that echoed inside the silent room, "Everyone said you were useless... but ultimately even the three God Kings fell under your spear, Little Seven."

The owner of the weapon that put an end to the Age of the Gods, exterminating forever all the True Gods and drawing the eternal hatred as well as the fear of all of them, was precisely the biological younger brother of this beautiful lady.

The reason?

The story was too complex to understand, let alone explain in a few words, but the trigger was ultimately a female.

As the saying goes... Every major calamity in history involves a woman.