Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1314 Horrifying aura

Kram World.

The shockwaves spread as far as the eye could not see. Hot blood splashed across the sky as if it were a canvas at the same time as the hot air rising from tens of thousands of fierce attacks launched at the same time turned much of that blood into gases.

The Higher Existences that the Lower Existences usually would not see in the extension of their lives could be seen all over the sky here, covering the sun, the moon, and the stars.

The terrifying Higher Existences, however, were worth less than a 50-cent coin here. Those who were only in the Fifth Order fell like flies from the sky, and occasionally there were one or two Sixth Order beings who perished horribly under the endless immensity of countless attacks from all sides.

On this rarely seen battlefield, only those in the Seventh Order and above could guarantee their survival to some extent. Occasionally, even they, Commanders among Commanders, suffered bloody wounds that exposed their white bones.

From the moment the Demonic Army made this place their main home world it could be said that this war was, without any doubt, the most terrible and cruel war Kram World had ever experienced.

Lucifer wielded two black swords at the same time. Both swords were thin and only a little over a meter long, but their power was such that even the space around them twisted uncontrollably as if it were a crumpling sheet of paper.

Every time Lucifer slashed with one or both swords at the same time, huge arcs of darkness would shoot forward and sideways. He single-handedly held off Long Tian and Salazar, two Eighth Order Leaders whose status was comparable to his own.

"Hey, little lass!" After forcing both Leaders back dozens of meters at the cost of two light but bloody wounds, Lucifer shouted without looking back, "I hope you have a way to get out of here by yourself!"

Lilith, covered in a cloak of purple lightning and a shield of earth-colored light, raised her full head of white hair and looked at her surroundings. She did not respond to Lucifer's words, but despite the calm visible on her face the occasional glint in her eyes exposed that her emotions were not as calm as they appeared at first glance.

342.537

That was the number of members the Demonic Army lost since the war broke out this time. Lilith knew better than anyone that all those lives were lost because of her.

Even if Lucifer did it because of his pride as a Leader and his indomitable personality, the reality was that if it wasn't for him doing everything he could to protect her until now there would be no Lilith in this life.

If this was three or four years ago, just before she met Bai Zemin and came into contact with him for a long time, Lilith would probably remain indifferent to today's events and might even gloat over someone else's dog-eat-dog misfortune. And yet, she was no longer the cold and indifferent Bloody Succubus she used to be.

'Maybe not many of you saw me as a loved one or family member, but it is undeniable that you fought for me today. I am powerless today as I am too weak to do anything about this, but sooner rather than later I will make all of you who came here with evil intentions regret ever being born.' Lilith closed her eyes as the last of her records as a Higher Existence got finally erased from her soul under the crackling purple lightning.

Lilith received a notification from the Soul Record which basically stated the obvious. Leaving aside the very obvious change in her appearance, her current self was countless times weaker than she used to be.

Everyone's eyes were focused on her, as for an instant the bloody war came to a halt.

"Shit!"

"That crazy woman really fell! She became a weak Lower Existence of her own free will!"

Gabriel, one of the few beings who still suffered no wounds in this battle, narrowed his eyes as he glared at Lilith like a venomous snake. A disdainful smile covered his handsome face as he said in a clear voice, "So what if she fell and is now a Lower Existence? This is Kram World... a Higher World!"VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

As if awakening from a dream, everyone immediately looked shocked for an instant. Those who had the mission to kill Lilith gazed at her with strange expressions before charging forward, commencing the battle for the third time after a brief pause.

Fire Sorrow's pupils contracted slightly as she looked at Lilith and saw her stumble, almost falling to her knees. She shouted in a rush, "Lilith, you need to leave right now!"

Lilith frowned deeply as she used her small hands to rub the sides of her forehead, "Damn it..." she whispered to herself.

Right.

She was only a max level Fourth Order soul evolver, a big difference compared to her max level Sixth Order. Her overall strength was undoubtedly a thousand times lower than it used to be, and while her past self could move freely in this world, her current self had no such capacity.

Kram World was a world that had already passed seven evolutionary stages.... Its gravity and the power of its laws in general were so terrifying that a normal Fourth Order soul evolver would fall to their knees in a matter of seconds!

Hearing Fire Sorrow's urgent cry, Lilith finally remembered something else she had overlooked as nothing more than a legend.

According to some meager records left behind by the first generation of soul evolvers, the protection of the Soul Records over the Lower Existences was not valid within the atmosphere of the Higher Worlds... This was because no Lower Existence would ever visit a Higher World under normal circumstances, and in case they did they would only be crushed to death by the higher laws within a minute at most.

"Damn it..." Lilith complained again in a low voice as she reached for the pretty necklace that adorned her snow-white neck. Her movements were so slow that she couldn't help but grow frustrated, but a simple clench of her tiny fist was enough to shatter the small crimson pearl in the center of the necklace.

Lilith immediately sighed in relief as the gravity that was fiercely pressing her down weakened. This was not caused because the laws of Kram World were becoming weaker, but rather...

"Space artifact!" Gabriel's pupils contracted slightly and a flash of surprise shone in his pupils. He looked at the angels fighting fiercely around him and roared, "Ignore the Demonic Army and kill that woman! Our Lord gave the order personally so she must die even if we all were to die here today!"

The usually gentle and soft eyes of the angels immediately turned red as they ignored the defense to force their opponents to retreat. Many died as the wound suffered was fatal, but many more managed to pass beyond and press forward.

"Charge!"

"Kill her!"

"Our Holy Lord was wounded by the schemes of this demoness! We absolutely have to kill her at any cost!"

The expression of the Phoenix Empress, who had stood aloof from all this chaos at all times, changed slightly as she looked at the crazed angels. She took a quick glance at the surroundings and noticed that the expression on the faces of the other Leaders was also slightly ugly.

"Sometimes I can't help but wonder if the Lord of the Army of Heaven is using some kind of hypnosis on the angels in order to turn them from gentle and docile to fierce and deadly with a few words." The beautiful woman standing not far behind the Phoenix Empress commented in a low voice.

"Light is something all living things crave by nature, but when it is too bright it can blind the eyes and even the mind." Said the beautiful empress cryptically.

The beautiful female Phoenix in human form, who was none other than the right hand of the Phoenix Empress, nodded to herself as if she understood something after hearing such words.

On the other hand, Lilith ignored the Higher Existences pressing down on her and limited herself to injecting as much mana as possible into the space around her. Although she could currently fight 1 vs 1 with a Fifth Order Higher Existence and perhaps kill her opponent at the cost of critical wounds, thousands of enemies were simply far beyond what her weakened self could deal with at the moment.... In fact, just the aftershocks of so many attacks were enough to make the blood inside her body stir to the point of making her feel dizzy despite the distance.

From the time space-time began to twist in Lilith's vicinity until the moment a portal two meters high by two meters wide took shape right next to her, it took no more than 30 seconds.

"Stop her!"

"If we don't kill her now and she takes vital information from our dimension to her place we will face no end of trouble!"

This time even the members of Endless Crimson Flame who had remained neutral since the beginning of the battle hesitated as the practically desperate cries of the Higher Existences echoed in the sky.

Sensing the somewhat urgent glances of her subjects, the Phoenix Empress faltered for a moment before shaking her head, "We will not intervene. We-"

The words she was about to say got stuck in her throat when a massive pressure descended from the stars. For the first time in hundreds of thousands of years, she felt a level of mortal danger so high that she instinctively knew.... She knew that even the power of her divine flame which granted her the ability to rise from the ashes could not save her.

The Phoenix Empress was not the only one feeling this way, the battle stopped and everyone froze instantly. Even though it was only for an instant, having the power to freeze in fear and horror over a million Higher Existences, including their Leaders, was something that had never been recorded before.

Of course, Lilith was also affected... even more than the rest.

"Brat, dodge!!!"

Lilith smiled bitterly as she heard the trembling but urgent voice of the Burning Wrath Flame deep inside her soul.

Dodge? It wasn't as if she didn't want to dodge the incoming danger.... But she couldn't!

That terrifying aura, horrifying beyond description, came exactly from the crimson portal next to her... and thus, she was the most affected.

At this moment, besides bitterness, Lilith was worried and extremely confused about what was happening on the other side of the portal that was supposed to take her to Bai Zemin.