Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1315 Blood Berserker's Wrath: Last Trigger

Outer space, battleground.

What is the most terrifying explosion? Certainly, the most terrifying explosion could only be born when a spatial lock was forcibly torn apart.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!....

Shangguan Bing Xue only felt her entire world turn white, as well as her mind. Her ears buzzed fiercely and her body shuddered as she recoiled, almost instantly losing consciousness. The only reason she didn't faint was thanks to her active Frost Angel Domain.

On Hero City's wall, the Higher Existences whose mission was to protect the core of the legendary Sky City staggered back dozens of steps.

"This... This..." The beautiful green-haired woman stared with bulging eyes at the scene unfolding in the distance.

"Space... Broke the spatial lock...?"

"This... impossible... This is impossible... T-That spatial lock was born from the self-destructing records of a Sixth Order Higher Existence! Even the Captain couldn't necessarily break it!"

"No," Lu Cai shook his head. His face was pale as he said weakly, "I wouldn't be able to break that spatial lock.... And I definitely couldn't do it just that easily even if."

[... The activation requirements have been met.]

[Warning: Blood Berserker's Wrath trigger level 5 is active now! Your rationality will be consumed in its entirety since you are in battle, therefore, you won't be able to differentiate between good and evil, ally or enemy, life or death, all in order to finish off your enemies!]

Akumi wanted to speak but could not. His eyes had been destroyed so he could not see what was happening before him, but as a Sixth Order Higher Existence his senses were so powerful that nothing within several kilometers could pass unnoticed.

Panic... Fear... Terror...

As his body swelled more and more, sacrificing not only his life but also his records in exchange for an extremely destructive explosion, Akumi felt his spirit tremble.

'What is this... just what's going on?! How... How is it possible for the spatial lock to have been broken like this?! He... That brat... What did he do!'

In all of his long life, this was the first time Akumi had ever felt so, so little.

This was a feeling that not even the living being he feared the most, the Leader of his faction, could ever give him.

'But... How is this possible!' Akumi really wanted to roar.

But he couldn't do it.

At this point, Bai Zemin had undergone some changes in his appearance.

His hair had become completely white, dead and lifeless. His eyes, however, were now as red as blood.

His formerly black eyes were as red as those of a vampire normally seen in Western movies, and his gaze as fierce as that of a bloodthirsty beast craving nothing more than to tear and rip everything apart. More important, however, was the thumb-sized red lightning crackling noisily around him.

This lightning was extremely small, insignificant in comparison to the lightning of his 'Crimson Lightning Flash' skill... but unlike the large bright crimson lightning, this thumb-sized lightning was deep red; dark like a pool filled with blood made from tens of thousands of sacrificed lives.

In fact, it was this small blood red lightning that shattered the locked space into millions of pieces with ease!

With his rationality being completely devoured to the point where even his suppression skills were useless, Bai Zemin paid no attention to the notifications that continuously flashed across his retina. Naturally, he was also unaware of his soul's condition and didn't know but also didn't care where that blood red lightning had come from.

[Your stats have increased exponentially.]

[Your stats grew too abruptly. Because the remaining energy in the 'God of Order Ring' is insufficient, your current stats cannot be read accurately in the near time].

[For unknown reasons and for an extremely limited amount of time, all your attacks are blessed with a Forbidden Annihilation level 'Break' type effect. Specific effects unknown, range unknown, equivalent power level impossible to identify. Cannot be recorded]

If he still had a bit of consciousness, he would probably wonder at least briefly about this 'God of Order Ring' as he had never heard or seen anything like that. Moreover, it was a God Grade treasure or perhaps higher judging by its name.

In fact, there were many, many notifications flashing wildly but being ignored.

At this moment, the only thing Bai Zemin wanted was to tear everything apart... rip and break everything.

Even Shangguan Bing Xue, who was trembling in fright as Bai Zemin's aura gave her an unfamiliar feeling, did not dare to open her mouth to call his name.

In the midst of the inconceivable murderous intent and bloodthirstiness, something inside him cracked, and without him realizing it, he fell into a strange dreamlike state.

...

"Aiyooo... I failed again."

"That just means you have to try one more time, doesn't it?"

"Well... Little Fairy, are you trying to comfort me?"

"Of course! My life is tied to yours after all. What am I supposed to do if you die young just because you couldn't get stronger and decided to give up? Remember well that even if everyone says you're useless for having the weakest bloodline in your family's history you're still my dad!"

"... You are so obedient and kind to your mother but to me who is your father you are quite cruel, no? It was me who found you hovering on the brink of death inside that strange black lotus in chaotic space, you know?"

"Of course! Mom is a princess after all!"

"You're ignoring what I'm saying...Besides, I'm a prince too though? I'm a God I tell you, a God!"

"Bah! Bah! You may be a God and mom may just be an Immortal but she's even more beautiful than many goddesses, and when she grows up she'll be even more beautiful than all of them put together! If you don't want mom to be espoused to someone else you'd better keep trying to master the Demon God Cosmic Heavenly Art; even if half of the scroll is missing you should still make it!"

"Brat, you... I'll teach you to be obedient after a few spanks!"

"Hmph! You're only 9 years old but you say I'm a brat! Even if I don't remember anything it seems I'm several thousand years old, no?"

"I'll make your bottom as red as a tomato!"

"D- Don't! Wait! I'll apologize, I'll APOLOGIZE!"

"Too late!"Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"Ah! Help! A- Aunt! Help me please!"

A red-haired, red-eyed young man who had not yet stepped into his teens but was already incredibly handsome chased after some sort of fairy, since while there were no wings or anything like that on the little girl's back, she was only a few inches tall and could fly less than ten feet above the ground.

...

Bai Zemin's body suddenly shuddered fiercely and clarity returned to his eyes, awakening him from the bestial, bloodthirsty state he was in before.

[Thanks to the temporary effect of the special activation 'God Mode', a mutation has taken place. The coldness, indifference, and pride of the 'God Mode' effect, as well as the anger, bloodlust, and ferocity of the final trigger of 'Blood Berserker's Wrath' cancel each other out to a certain extent].

This is...

Bai Zemin looked at his hands in shock as he could not believe what was happening.

Rather, he could not believe that the power coursing through his veins and swimming in his blood actually belonged to him...

This kind of strength... Forget about killing a Sixth Order soul evolver, Bai Zemin felt that he could even wipe out the entire Milky Way with a single punch!

Suddenly, Bai Zemin's red pupils contracted to the size of a tiny needle and a howl of pain came out of his mouth, reverberating in outer space for a long time.

Pain! Very painful!

He had experienced the pain of his body repeatedly exploding into bloody mist, he had even experienced the pain of having his soul cracked... but this pain was really hard to comprehend.

Even if his willpower was unmatched powerful and his mental fortitude extremely tough, Bai Zemin really felt that at this rate he would go insane because of this pain.

'Not good! My brain is switching off!' A wave of horror hit him as he realized that his mind was forcing him to faint to protect his life, thus preventing his death from extreme pain.

But if he fainted now he would not only die together with Shangguan Bing Xue but everything within several thousand kilometers, including Oblon World, would be razed to the ground by Akumi!

In the midst of what was between a roar and a howl of pain, Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of an arrow suddenly appeared in his right hand after leaving the half-destroyed body of an ever-growing Akumi. Bai Zemin quickly took out the 'Sun Destroyer Bow' from his storage ring and put in the golden arrow, preparing to shoot.

Craaack...

The crackle of lightning echoed in the middle of the shattered space, but Bai Zemin ignored the small blood-red lightning that now surrounded the golden arrow as he simply didn't have time for that at the moment.

In his panic, fearing that one attack would not be enough despite the terrifying power he now had, Bai Zemin shouted amidst his howls of interminable pain, "[Rending of the Night!]"

However...

[Your Rending of the Night skill is unusable so it cannot be activated].

!!!

At the same time as disbelief flashed on Bai Zemin's face, the hand and fingers he was using to hold on to Annihilation of the Falling Sky in the form of an arrow let go, releasing the attack towards Akumi.

But, what happened next was even worse, hitting Bai Zemin in the chest with a surge of horror he rarely felt in his life... if ever.

With an unclear hum and a clearly visible shudder, a bright red door opened in the middle of the shattered space... right behind Akumi, in line with the attack launched by Bai Zemin.

Space shattered into pieces as the arrow broke through all existing barriers, and a great trench even blacker than the darkness of space was left behind and around the arrow now tinged in blood red.

Just before fainting and losing consciousness even before seeing the death of the enemy that forced him to such a point, Bai Zemin had only one thought in his head.

Lilith!