Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1318 Many things have changed after a long time

Two hours ago, minutes after Bai Zemin woke up after falling into a coma for half a year.

"You..." Kali, who had been "gazing at him" intensely since the moment Bai Shilin pushed her wheelchair into the room, sighed.

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly as Kali's sigh actually gave him the answer he least wanted to hear. He said in a somewhat hoarse and weak voice, "It's good to hear your voice after a while, Powder."

The corner of Kali's mouth twitched slightly at his words. She nodded, and after a brief hesitation said indifferently, "Although I'm glad you're awake it seems your condition is not very good..."

'If you're glad then try to show it some more, you brat...' Bai Zemin grunted in his heart but on the surface he nodded and said, "In fact.... Aside from my passive skills, something seems to have happened to my active skills."

Kali made her wheelchair float and approached the bed, stopping inches from it. After a prolonged pause, she slowly said, "Bai Zemin, your active skill runes seem to be... almost completely broken?"

"Ah?" Bai Shilin was alarmed when she heard what Kali said and with her eyes still red from crying she hurriedly asked, "How can that be possible? Aren't our skill runes supposed to be in our soul?"

Bai Shilin's panic and disbelief were completely normal, because even though she was only about 3 years old from the time she broke the eggshell where she was born she was not fully human; which meant that her brain and growth speed were largely similar to that of an ant. Therefore, she already had the ability to think and reason on the level of an adult human being.

An ordinary soul evolver losing one active skill would cry and curse for 15 days and 15 nights non-stop considering that obtaining valuable skill scrolls was very hard nowadays.

However, was Bai Zemin an ordinary soul evolver? All his skills were the cream of the crop, the prime of the best!

And now he had lost not one but several!

Only now did he realize what that notification from the Soul Record meant when he tried to use 'Rending of the Night' but failed!

Bai Zemin sighed inwardly.

He motioned to Bai Shilin and as the girl approached he hugged her, giving her a peck on the top of her head and holding her in his embrace.

"So that's how it is," Kali said suddenly.

"What's it?" Bai Zemin asked without much emotion but inwardly devastated.

"You... still haven't figured it out?" Kali seemed to be looking at him with a strange expression on her face. If she could open her eyelids, Bai Zemin would see her giving him a charming pair of blank eyes as she slowly said, "But before that, I think I have something important to tell you."

" ... What is it?" Bai Zemin subconsciously felt he didn't want to hear it.

This was one of the few times he saw Kali so serious after all.

She took a deep breath and said in a serious voice, "Your weapon broke."

My weapon broke? Bai Zemin stared and for a second he panicked thinking that he would no longer be able to do the delicious or be a father from now on. However, he soon realized to his great relief that this was not the case as his "weapon" was definitely doing well.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin seemed to realize something and his expression changed horribly.

Swoosh!

Holding Bai Shilin within his embrace with his left hand, Bai Zemin summoned Annihilation of the Falling Sky without a second thought.

"Ah!" Bai Shilin exclaimed in shock as her pearl-black eyes widened.

"How... How can this be possible...?" Bai Zemin muttered in utter disbelief as he stared at the golden arrow split in two, the back half in his right hand and the front half on the bed cover.

Broken?T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Annihilation of the Falling Sky broken into halves?

'Impossible!!!' Bai Zemin roared in his heart and hurriedly tried to change the form of Annihilation of the Falling Sky to another type of weapon.

Unfortunately, the weapon didn't even respond at all forget about changing form.

He tried several times and with different types of weapons, but Annihilation of the Falling Sky did not respond in any way.

"Don't bother trying," Kali shook her little head and said indifferently, "Annihilation of the Falling Sky broke. It's no good anymore."

"That's impossible!" Bai Shilin called out in Bai Zemin's place and gazed at the arrow split in two with wide eyes, "Annihilation of the Falling Sky's records it clearly said that this is an Indestructible weapon! Indestructible means that its Durability will never fall or go weak no matter how many hits or attacks it suffers!"

Kali just shook her head without retorting to Bai Shilin. She might not be able to see Bai Zemin's expression but she could definitely sense better than anyone else how his mood started to turn negative at an absolutely abnormal speed.

"Bullet, calm down first. You can't let the rage get to you or you'll hurt us all." She said with indifference and a slight frown.

Hurt them all? Bai Zemin's heart suddenly trembled fiercely and he hurriedly closed his eyes, taking several deep breaths as large beads of sweat trickled down his face.

Why... Why the hell was he feeling anger just now? Theoretically speaking, Bai Zemin should feel sad, disconcerted, hurt... but anger? That emotion was unlikely to appear in this case until much later, wasn't it?

It wasn't until now that he finally realized that something really big had to be going on inside his body.

"Father..." Bai Shilin whispered worriedly as she used her small, unblemished white hand to clean the sweat from his face.

Bai Zemin shook his head slightly and took her hand between his, squeezing it gently in an attempt to reassure her and reassure himself.

"I have no idea how it is possible, but it is undeniable that Annihilation of the Falling Sky is broken. Reality is before us after all, so there's no use denying it." Kali said seemingly calm and indifferent to everything. She continued, "But I think the most important thing is.... Bullet, remember I told you there were some strange things inside your soul?"

Bai Zemin opened his eyes slowly, and after a moment of silence he nodded, "I.... I remember. You did say something like that when we were back in Eventide World, and you also mentioned it once or twice here on Earth."

"We seem to underestimate those things." Kali shook her head, and after a long pause she continued, "All this that is happening to you now must be related to one of those strange imperfect crystals I mentioned to you before. In fact, I can see now that inside your soul there was another one of these crystals hidden all through your blood; it was this one that triggered all this."

From the beginning, Bai Zemin knew that inside his soul was a strange thing that Kali described much later using the words "broken crystal" or "broken star". However, when he killed the Bai Zemin of the alternate dimension he was dragged into through spacetime back then he obtained another one of those "broken crystals."

The broken crystal he obtained seemed to give him some sort of new power to something called "Perfect Evolution Crystal". Unfortunately, both Bai Zemin and Kali were completely blank and had no idea what it was all about.

Even now, neither of them was clear on what these broken star-shaped crystals were nor did they know where they came from or what their uses were.

"Look in your status window first." Kali said suddenly with a thoughtful expression on her pale face, "I think you'll find something interesting there."

Bai Zemin nodded, and after a few deep breaths did as Kali indicated.

________________

[Name: Bai Zemin -

Status Points: 0

Level: 200 (Third Order)

Blood Berserker's Wrath level 5 active partially

Race: Perfect Human ????

Bloodline: Perfect Human ????

Class: Blood Berserker (First Order) - Blood Mystic (Second Order) - Blood Warlock (Third Order)

Subclass: (Emperor) - (Dimensional Shadow Monarch)

Titles: One Hit to Kill - Brilliant Mind - Savior of the World - Destroyer of Destroyers - One VS Millions - King of China - Demigod - Master of Shadows - Successor of the Sky Emperor - Apocalypse Finisher - Heaven-Seizer Divergent

[Strength: 20.983 (+405)] - [Agility: 20.100 (+495)] - [Health: 3251 / 52.169 (+70)] - [Stamina: 25.594 (+235)] - [Mana: 100.000 (+350)] - [Magic: 20.044 (+255)] - [Spiritual Power: 100.000].

________________

Bai Zemin stared blankly for a moment as he even came to believe that the Soul Record had made a mistake, showing him the status window of someone else whose name was exactly the same as his.

A moment later, however, he gasped audibly and were it not for Bai Shilin sitting on his lap he probably would have jumped out of bed.

All of his stats, except for his extremely low and damaged Health, received a boost of at least 1000 points each; some growing by several thousand points all at once. This, despite surprising him a bit, didn't seem too strange to him as he had just experienced how his mood easily changed to that of a person full of anger when things he didn't like happened.

As for how to get back to normal, Bai Zemin didn't know.... Theoretically speaking, Akumi should have died so his condition should have returned to normal months ago. The only good thing was that while he didn't get the full power of this condition, he could at least control himself as long as he was careful.

Two things that caught Bai Zemin's attention were that apparently his race and bloodline were no longer just 'Perfect Human' as there were actually question marks there now. He concluded that this had to do with the 'broken crystal hidden in your blood and soul' that Kali mentioned, as only something in his blood could change his bloodline like that.

Another thing that had to be mentioned was that Bai Zemin was no longer King of Earth but its Emperor. This had to change while he was in a coma as it had been half a year since humanity was unified and he even put an end to the apocalypse, which changed the title 'Apocalypse Finisher' slightly as well.

More importantly... He was no longer an 'Empyrean Divergent' and for some reason his title was now 'Heaven-Seizer Divergent'. As for what this meant.... Bai Zemin had no big idea since the title records were question marks just like the previous one.

But what surprised Bai Zemin the most were his two stats Mana and Spiritual Power.... Both of them had broken the 100k barrier!

"What the hell? A hundred thousand Mana and a hundred thousand Spiritual Power!" Bai Zemin couldn't even feel happy as he didn't understand what was going on.

Kali, however, had her own thoughts on the matter.