Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1319 Overload Recovery & Shocking News

"One hundred thousand Mana points and One hundred thousand points in Spiritual Power..." Kali muttered to herself with a strange expression on her face.

"Woah!" Bai Shilin looked especially cute and lovely with her big eyes shining like stars in the night sky, her gaze fixed on Bai Zemin full of adoration, "With so much Mana and Spiritual Power doesn't that mean that my Father is invincible? You might even be able to fight hand to hand against Archangels and Archdemons!"

Bai Shilin's words made Bai Zemin also freeze for a moment.

In fact, he could defeat Fifth Order Higher Existences without using Overlap Regeneration as long as they were not too high level or as long as they underestimated him.

Akumi was a special case among the Sixth Order Higher Existences as he was one of the strongest in his power scale, but Bai Zemin knew that he was capable of taking on an ordinary one using Overlap Regeneration and his other trump cards.

Before this his Mana was 18.350 points adding all his equipment and treasures. On the other hand, his Spiritual Power stat was more than a little lower in comparison as it was barely over 7300 points... Now, however, these two stats of his had practically multiplied by 4 to up 10 times.

Didn't this mean that Bai Zemin might be able to fight against Archangels and other Seventh Order beings just as his good daughter had just said?

'Even if I currently can't use Overlap Regeneration, as soon as I regain my life force to the max...' Bai Zemin could no longer sit still before this thought so he hurriedly searched for his Regeneration skill.

Bai Shilin and Kali paid attention to the movements he made or the emotions he showed. Soon, they both felt very confused as they saw him freeze out of nowhere.

Bai Zemin mumbled something but Kali did not manage to hear it since despite being so close his voice was so low that it would have been a miracle if she could hear that, therefore she asked, "What was that?"

On the other hand, Bai Shilin was sitting on his lap so she certainly heard it. She asked in confusion, "What thing is not there, Father?"

"It's not there..." Bai Zemin muttered again, this time a little louder. A flash of frustration and anger shone in his eyes, but Kali's words still resonated within his heart so he managed to calm himself as he said through gritted teeth, "My Regeneration skill is gone!"

Bai Shilin's face turned slightly pale upon hearing this, and even Kali who usually did not show expressions had a somewhat unsightly expression on her face.

The Regeneration skill was undoubtedly among the most important trump cards Bai Zemin had in his possession. This was particularly true for Overlap Regeneration, the "other branch" of this skill.

Without Overlap Regeneration, his power would definitely plummet enormously.

"... Maybe the Regeneration rune was completely broken so it didn't survive compared to the others; damaged but still existing?" Kali questioned in a low voice, even though she was in blank here.

Bai Zemin didn't reply right away but looked over his skills one by one. What made him feel much better was the fact that not all of his active skills were unusable, as he still had skills such as Blood Manipulation, Air Manipulation, Gravity Manipulation, Shadow Control, and Record Devastation that could be activated at any time.

Bai Zemin knew that until he discovered the secret behind those "broken crystals" as well as that strange temporal power he gained out of nowhere during his battle against Akumi he would never be able to understand what was going on, so he didn't stop to think too much.

Soon, however, he found a new skill that was previously not there.

Furthermore, this skill was clearly not only a mutation but also an evolution of his Regeneration skill and its sub-skill Overlap Regeneration.

________________

[Overload Recovery (Fifth Order passive-active skill) level 1 (MAX): Battle skill whose effects can even make the Gods jealous. Passive effect: Going into combat or any strenuous physical activity, the user's Stamina stat will be tripled].

[Active effect: Doubles all stats, and thus the user's overall power. Can be used for a maximum of 30 minutes every day, and can be activated or deactivated at will. While Overload Recovery is in its active condition, it reduces the consumable energy requirement by half and increases its recovery by 20%].

[Note: Currently cannot be used. The user needs to recover his lost vitality first. If used forcibly there is a high likelihood of receiving irreparable and permanent damage on the spirit, causing unknown losses].

________________

"Motherfucker. Don't fuck with me..." Bai Zemin couldn't help but curse with eyes as big as beacons.

Bai Shilin might look like a beautiful grown woman but she was still very innocent in some aspects. She couldn't help but cover her mouth and laugh to herself at hearing her dear father saying such vulgar words out of nowhere.

Too bad, Bai Zemin had no time for her.

This skill... It is really broken, isn't it?

Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt far better despite not having Regeneration and Overlap Regeneration.

Although it was a pity he couldn't modify his records at will, duplicating and boosting everything was definitely better no matter how much thought he put into it.... The only bad thing was that this skill had a firmly set time limit. But even that was probably "intended" to prevent his soul from getting torn to shreds like in the previous battle.

Bai Zemin shared this new skill with the two young ladies and then sighed in relief, "Luckily it's not bad at all.... Alas, poor me.... I almost died from a heart attack."

"That would have been pretty funny, wouldn't it? Dying of a heart attack despite being able to control your blood flow." Kali taunted.

Before anyone could say anything, she continued, "Now, back to the previous point.... I think I know why your Mana and Spiritual Power suddenly became so powerful."

Bai Zemin's expression became serious and he looked at her silently waiting for her to continue.

Kali did not make herself desired as she explained with a serious expression, "You still remember the Bai Zemin from the other dimension? Don't tell me you forgot what that guy's special power was."

Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt as if a large black cloud shrouded in mystery was cleared above his head.

That's right!

Didn't the Bai Zemin from the other dimension have a strange ability that granted him never-ending Spiritual Power? This would absolutely explain where so much Spiritual Power came from!

Although the difference between 100.000 Spiritual Power points and infinite Spiritual Power was too huge to even bring up, Bai Zemin wasn't careless enough to forget an important point; he took a crystal from the alternate Bai Zemin's body!

He now had so much Spiritual Power, which could only mean that somehow the strange crystal that contained the power of infinite Spiritual Power got cracked somehow.

"But what about all that Mana?" Bai Shilin suddenly pointed out a valid point.

Bai Zemin thought about it for a moment and then slowly said, "Well.... Since inside me is this thing called 'Perfect Evolution Crystal' and both Spiritual Power and Mana are consumable energies both of which can be used to activate skills, probably the Perfect Evolution Crystal made both energies 'perfect' for each other..."

To be honest, Bai Zemin wasn't very sure but he felt that his theory was pretty accurate.

Even Kali nodded in agreement and said, "It does make sense. Although some things are still a little off I think this hypothesis of yours could be very close to the truth, at least 70 to 80% accurate."

For a moment, the room was dead silent.

Almost a minute later, Bai Zemin said softly, "All these strange things have to be related to that blood-red lightning-like light."

"Eh? What lightning-like red light?" Bai Shilin looked at him with curious and confused eyes.

Even Kali stared at him doubtfully.

Bai Zemin narrated the events from half a year ago (although for him it was yesterday since he had just woken up) and then slowly said, "I remember when I shot the Sun Destroyer Bow using Annihilation of the Falling Sky as an arrow, that blood colored light surrounded the arrow and broke all the space within 200 or 300 meters around it as if it was paper. It's a shame I lost consciousness too quickly and this is all I can remember."

In fact, Bai Zemin didn't even remember that the portal in which Lilith was located was in the trajectory of his attack... No, rather he didn't want to remember it hence his mind blocked this memory as his vitality was too damaged therefore a too big shock could put his life in danger if his damaged soul got disturbed.

"... If so then Anihilation of the Falling Sky breaking might not be too unreasonable, even though it was supposed to be an indestructible weapon. There's a lot we don't know after all." Kali stared at the dull golden colored arrow broken into two pieces and sighed, "If that blood colored light or lightning with such dominating power is hidden inside your soul so deep that I can't even see it, and for some unknown reason you released it... then that would explain why your skill runes ended up this miserable."Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Kali was silent for a moment, then said softly, "Also no wonder that single attack practically decimated an entire army of Higher Existences."