Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1320 Completely erased from existence

"No wonder that single attack practically decimated an entire army of Higher Existences."

Kali's voice was pleasant to the ear, and would be even more so were it not for her tone that was always indifferent and detached from reality. However, her voice was far from being bewitching enough to stun people.

Even so, Bai Zemin stared and did not speak for a long time.

Finally, he cleared his throat and asked in a low voice, "Kali, what did you say just now?"

Bai Zemin would rather believe that he had not yet fully woken up rather than believe that his hearing was not failing him.

Kali, however, shook her head and did not continue.

Even Bai Shilin looked a little frightened at this point.

"You... I think it would be best to call Bing Xue or your lady wife first. Only those two will be able to better explain what happened after you fainted due to blood loss, as well as your overloaded soul." Kali suggested calmly.

Bai Zemin lowered his head and stared at Bai Shilin's platinum white hair. His eyes, however, seemed unfocused as his thoughts were elsewhere.

To be honest, Bai Zemin could sense several familiar auras within 1000 meters around him. Among these familiar auras was Lilith's halo, but her aura was so strange that he occasionally mistook it for the aura of two people at the same time.

What's more...

'It seems that she really was forced to fall.' Bai Zemin closed his eyes and sighed heavily.

Lilith's aura was by no means weak, but compared to that distant and detached aura that surrounded her in the past the difference was simply too great to overlook.

The battle back then was simply too great. Many things changed since then, and half a year in a coma certainly didn't help Bai Zemin adapt to these changes all at once.

Somehow it felt as if everyone had continued to move forward while he was still stagnant.

He needed to start moving too.

[Emperor (Title): You have become the sole recognized ruler of Earth; no one can challenge your rule as long as you still stand. Effect 1: When fighting invading enemies on Earth or 5000 meters around it, all nearby allies will receive a huge boost of power and recovery. Effect 2: Your voice can spread far and wide across the planet. Effect 3: Once every 2 years you can expel all invaders back to their worlds. Effect 4: Reduces the cooldown time of all active skills by half within the planet for you and your army(The cooldown time resets as normal when leaving the ruled world as long as the skill is cooling down)].

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes slightly. A thought flashed in his head as he gazed at the effects of his evolved title and a great wave of relief suddenly flooded him.

"There seem to be many extraordinary auras on Earth." He looked at the outside world beyond the window and murmured those words softly.

"After what happened six months ago there's no way things can stay the way they used to be." Kali shook her head. She turned her wheelchair and moved towards the window, "Angels, Dragons, Werewolf People, Vampires, Mutant Beasts in human form, beautiful female Phoenixes, Demons.... They are no longer a secret to people. If it weren't for the few Higher Existences protecting Hero City I'm afraid many of them would have come looking for you."

"Looks like what I did back then really shook the wasp's nest." Bai Zemin sighed. Then, with a puzzled expression, he said, "I thought I could kill that bastard Akumi with that attack.... But I can see I was wrong."

For a moment, the room fell into a deathly silence again.

"F-Father, what did you say?" Bai Shilin, who usually took the slightest opportunity to cling to her father, suddenly jumped off his lap and stared at him in disbelief.

Not only did Bai Shilin react in an extreme manner but even Kali abruptly turned and stared at him with her little mouth slightly open.

Bai Zemin scratched his head and said with some anger in his voice: "I just searched through the last records I got before I fell unconscious, but there are no records about Akumi at all. The last records of living beings I gained are the ones of those few Fifth Order Higher Existences."

""Impossible!""

Bai Shilin shouted and, surprisingly, even Kali exclaimed at the same time as her.

"That's impossible!" Kali shook her head fiercely and "gazed" intensely at Bai Zemin as if she wanted to burn him, "You must be mistaken. Research well!"

"This..." Bai Zemin felt extremely perplexed and confused all of a sudden.

This... This should be the first time Kali had such a strong reaction, no?

Seeing her acting in such an extreme manner, even Bai Zemin felt that he probably got confused so he searched through his records again. However, as the seconds passed, the frown on his face only deepened.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

But seeing the frown on his face, Bai Shilin's breathing became faster without her noticing. Unconsciously, she found herself gazing at her father's face fixedly without knowing why.

Kali, who from her position could see the changes in both of their souls and thus deduce what they were feeling, suddenly clapped her hands several times with all her strength.

"Ah?" Bai Shilin jumped at the noise, her heart pounding fiercely and her face suddenly flushed. She mumbled, "W- What's happening..."

Bai Zemin glanced at his daughter in confusion, but before he could say anything Kali's voice beat him to it.

"Bai Zemin, you... Can you do something with that Charm of yours?"

"What?" He looked at her, dumbfounded.

"Reduce the pheromones you release and shut down your Charm I'm telling you!" Kali gritted her teeth and her whole body trembled as she signaled to Bai Shilin, "You don't realize what's going on!"

Only now did Bai Zemin realize.... Ever since his daughter left his lap and stopped in a position where she could see him, Bai Shilin had been quite silent and calm even though she initially jumped and exclaimed in shock.

A thought suddenly flashed in his heart... and noticing the blush on the girl's face as well as her slightly irregular breathing, Bai Zemin shuddered.

No shit!

It wasn't until now that Bai Zemin remembered that his Charm had literally become 100% stronger after his race evolved into 'Perfect Human'!

It was okay while he was passed out and all, but now that he woke up...

Furthermore, there also seemed to be another hidden race and bloodline that not even the Soul Record could track and thus reveal... Only the heavens knew what effect those two had!

He hastily used Blood Manipulation to control his wild genes, almost completely restricting the pheromones that his system naturally released. In fact, Bai Zemin even slightly changed his face such that while he still looked handsome it was no longer dazzling.

Both Bai Zemin and Kali let out sighs a few seconds later, both relieved.

And to think that he almost became the worst sinner of all...

"Woah! Father, you are really so handsome! Shilin really wanted to hug you and never let go just now!" Bai Shilin was looking at him with shining eyes, seemingly very excited and happy.

Bai Zemin shuddered and the smile on his face was uglier than crying.

Because Bai Shilin had no reserves or resistances to him, the girl almost ended up falling prey to her own father...

Bai Zemin knew that he had many love debts hanging around, and the last thing he wanted was for more women to notice him since the last thing he could accept was a beauty's grace.... But most important of all, this was his own daughter!

Forget Lilith, his mother and father would definitely cut him to pieces and then throw into the boiling pot to feed the mutant mounts!

"I guess we'll have to be very careful from now on." Kali sighed and rubbed her brow as if she was experiencing a massive headache. She continued, "Whatever is happening to you, it is obvious that you have gone beyond the limit of a "Lower Existence" in too many senses. And also, I think I understand why you can't find the records of that beast called Akumi."

In fact, Bai Zemin had also realized that in many ways he could no longer be measured by the two words "Lower Existence"... Something inside him told him that even among the Higher Existences it would be difficult for him to find a rival in some respects.

Everything else aside, the last sentence Kali said successfully caught his attention.

She said slowly: "I'm not 100% sure... But I think the reason why you can't find Akumi's records is very simple."

"Tell me your thoughts." Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and nodded.

"Basically..." Kali, for the first time, didn't try to hide her smile... even though it was a complicated, ironic, and bitter smile as she said, "You annihilated the existence called Akumi completely.... Or rather, that blood-colored lightning-like light erased him without leaving anything behind for you."