Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin soon made some effort and pushed the whole previous matter to the back of his head. Although a bit of rest to clear his mind and think better about what to do next would be good for him, it was also very clear to him that stopping was the same as giving the opportunity for other existences to devour him.

With no other option and now even more motivated to cross the Yanqing District and reach the Changping District to join his family. The previous case had not caused Bai Zemin's faith and trust in his loved ones to waver, it only motivated him to work even harder to achieve his goal of reaching them as soon as possible.

Under his orders, the survivors began to carry different tools to the cargo truck and tractor-trailers.

The survivors of the Beginning Village knew very well that working for Bai Zemin and the others meant better meals and the possibility to eat their fill, so once the surrounding zombies were eliminated, they all began to work vigorously.

Roar!

Suddenly there was a thunderous roar in the distance that startled the survivors. The ground began to shake lightly and little by little the rumbling became more prominent, indicating the approach of something of considerable size.

About two hundred meters away, several trees were knocked down and under the terrified eyes of the survivors, a boar over five meters tall that seemed to be made of iron charged forward fiercely. At the sight of the humans, the beast's eyes turned red and it roared again as it charged forward with determination.

The panicked survivors began to scream and dropped their tools in an attempt to flee.

Bang!

Bai Zemin shot into the air several times and shouted at the top of his lungs: "Stay where you are, dammit! If you stay away from here, by the time I kill this fucking pig you'll all be thrown out of the village!" Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

At the sound of gunfire and hearing his clearly angry voice as well as his threatening words, the survivors stopped trying to flee in disorder but still fled into the building to seek cover.

Chen He narrowed his eyes and raised his Type 85 sniper in the direction of the giant boar.

The Type 85 sniper was an antique semi-automatic weapon from 1963, but even today it was sometimes used by the army because of its power. Although it could not compare to the power of some of the same type of more modern weapons, it was one of the weapons with the greatest penetrating power among those currently available in Bai Zemin's group.

Bang! Bang!

In a second, Chen He opened fire twice. He was smart and knew that the giant boar's defense would be amazing; one only needed to pay attention to the metallic sheen of its scales to come to such a simple conclusion. Therefore, he took special aim at the beast's two eyes.

However, what happened next was beyond everyone's expectations.

When the two 7.62x54mm armor-piercing bullets were just a few centimeters away from hitting the beast, a strange energy invisible to the naked eye seemed to distort, decreasing the power of the bullets enormously and slowing their speed, which gave the giant boar enough time to close both eyes.

Tink! Tink!

Both bullets fell to the ground after a slight sound of metal hitting metal.

"What?" Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes flashed with disbelief and her small mouth slightly opened in complete shock at what she had just witnessed.

Chen He sucked in a breath of cold air and unconsciously took a step back. Even Bai Zemin himself was astonished!

"I told you so." Lilith's voice sounded inside his head. "First Order existences are almost immune to firearms developed with this world's technology and probably only those with weaker defense are afraid of them. Only heavy weapons are a real threat to them."

Bai Zemin took a deep breath and without warning burst forward with an astonishing speed that no survivor could understand or glimpse.

As the giant boar charged like an unstoppable locomotive, an ant-sized existence flashed before their crimson eyes. With no intention of stopping, it charged even more ferociously.

Unfortunately, while it was true that Bai Zemin was incomparable to the overall size of the giant boar, the power his small body possessed was no joke.

He raised his Xuanyuan Sword high and slashed fiercely downward as if to cut the giant boar in two. When the sword blade connected against the beast's body, a thunderous explosion reverberated everywhere and the ground shook fiercely.

The giant boar roared painfully as it was forced to retreat. Right in the center of its forehead, its scales cracked and a great torrent of blood gushed out from the open flesh, staining its entire face and giving it a horrifying appearance.

Bai Zemin himself felt his arms numb after the strike. But this was because the sword in his hands no longer had the ability to pierce through the enemy's defenses before him; the only reason he had managed to wound the monster was because he had monstrous Strength. However, as a consequence, his arms suffered a bit.

The giant boar's eyes flashed strangely and its scales suddenly took on a slight glow that was stronger than before.

"A First Order existence with a defensive active skill." Bai Zemin immediately concluded and was about to continue when a blast of frost flew past him.

The giant boar's body became much slower and if one looked closely one would easily discover chunks of ice on its legs, knees, back, even its tail.

Looking out of the corner of his shoulder, he saw Shangguan Bing Xue gritting her teeth and relentlessly channeling her skill. These kinds of beasts were her nemesis as her ice skill did not have a destructive power high enough to break through a defense as strong as that of the giant boar.

Without pausing to give the enemy time to react and seizing the opportunity, Bai Zemin jumped high into the sky and soared almost seven meters in less than a second. He united both fists and punched mercilessly downward.

BOOM!

After such a horrendous blow, a huge shock wave spread outward with the place hit by Bai Zemin as the center, and even some nearby trees were shattered by the aftershock of the attack.

The giant boar's eyes quivered and it opened its maw to howl in pain, but all that came out of its mouth was a large amount of fresh blood along with several pieces of flesh coming from its organs that had been fiercely shaken by the previous blow.

As the creature fell to the ground, Bai Zemin raised the Xuanyuan Sword and began to slash as if he had gone mad.

One, two, three... In just a matter of a second, he had already slashed more than fifty times with all his Strength!

The giant boar didn't even have time to cry out as its brain was turned to pulp from the outside and its skull sank inward with blood gushing out endlessly.

[You have acquired the Soul Power of First Order 'Reinforced Iron Boar' level 49. Health +20, Stamina +15, Strength +8]

[You have leveled up and reached level 36. You have gained...]

[You have leveled up and reached level 37. You have gained 2 status points to distribute freely]