Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1321 Sealed Memories?

The words said by Kali would most likely sound like clowning, a joke, or the bad prank of a cheap jester. After all, it was common knowledge that everything in this world had records; information of their material or/and spiritual composition, as well as their history.

It didn't matter if it was a human or a clay vase, both had records. Of course, the records of a simple clay vase could basically be ignored as they would hardly be of any help in the evolutive path of the diverse living beings in existence.

In fact, Bai Zemin and all those who managed to reach the peak of the Third Order and set half a foot in the Fourth Order also knew another "secret" that they usually did not mention to others.

When a living being died of old age or a terminal disease, that is, when their records were not absorbed by other living being, the universe itself took the most essential base records of that deceased existence. As to where that energy in the form of records went, no one could say for sure.

The key point in all this was that regardless of whether one died at the hands of someone else or whether one died lying peacefully in one's bed, the records were never actually erased.

Therefore, something like "completely erased from existence" could never really happen.

However, Bai Zemin did not feel that Kali was wrong. In fact, after thinking deeply for a dozen seconds he actually gave a nod.

"I think that's what really happened." He sighed after recalling the events of that day.

At that moment, Bai Zemin had felt so helpless and humiliated that he wanted nothing more than to rip everything apart until he caused the demise of everything that made him feel that way. He wanted to break the space that held him prisoner, he wanted to break the enemy in front of him, he wanted to break literally everything to appease the anger that was beginning to brew in his belly.

It could be said that to date that was the moment when Bai Zemin felt both anger and shame together all at the same time since his birth.

"I don't know where that strange power came from, probably from one of those strange crystals. What I do know is that for a short period of time my attacks gained an additional effect." Bai Zemin slowly narrated everything he remembered without hiding anything.

Kali might be young as a teenager in the early-middle stage, but it didn't matter if it was her mentality or her thoughts both were equivalent to those of an adult and fully mature woman. In fact, she who could see the soul of living beings in depth was the best helper Bai Zemin could hope for right now.

"An extra effect called 'Breaking'..." Kali frowned deeply and a strange expression appeared on her face as time went by.

"Kali?" Bai Shilin looked at her worriedly and couldn't help but shake her slightly as she noticed that she kept silent for more than ten minutes.

Kali, for her part, asked in a somewhat peculiar tone of voice, "Hey, Bullet.... You said Breaking effect on the Forbidden Annihilation level, is that correct?"

Bai Zemin nodded slightly. But because he was lost in his own thoughts trying to get a better understanding of the situation he was in before deciding his next move he didn't notice that Kali's expression was even stranger as she watched him nod.

Kali's little heart gradually picked up more and more speed.

Not only did her heartbeat become faster and faster but the power with which her heart pounded her chest became so strong that an ever increasing sharp pain drained all the air from her lungs in a short time.

She... She for some reason could remember those words.

But why...? Kali was sure that not only she but no living being should have seen or heard anything about such a strange effect as 'Breaking' or 'Forbidden Annihilation'.

For some unknown reason, Kali's thoughts suddenly turned to the seven spectral colors that also seemed to be the representation of the soul of all living beings.

'Seven colors and seven levels... But there is one more that everyone used to be unaware of. What was it... If I'm not mistaken it should be-'Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Kali!"

Kali suddenly jolted and her thoughts shattered into pieces.

"Wh-what..."

Without realizing when, she was already panting and her already pale face had turned horribly white to the point where she looked like a dead person. Her petite body was even bathed in sweat to the point where the long black-

colored dress she loved so much clung tightly to her tiny curves.

"Are you all right?" Bai Zemin asked with an extremely worried expression.

He was lost in his thoughts just now, but Kali's ragged breathing brought him back to the real world. It was then that he jumped in fright at the sight of the girl shivering fiercely with a pained expression on her face, so without hesitation he called out to her several times until he shook her enough as she seemed to be too deep focused on something.

"I..." Kali hesitated for a moment before weakly saying, "I'm fine."

Bai Zemin wasn't convinced so he personally checked inside her body using Blood Manipulation. He sent a thread of mana and a thread of spiritual power through her bloodstream, but all he found was her heart beating erratically so he could only help her calming her emotions through easing the pressure in her blood.

"Thank you." Kali sighed in relief now.

Even she had no idea what happened.

This was the first time Kali felt so close to remembering something from her past. Although she felt a little irritated because Bai Zemin interrupted her at such an important moment she also felt grateful since just now she had really fallen into a dangerous situation.

What had just happened, however, made Kali realize that her memories were not really lost... Then someday she...

Bai Zemin looked at her carefully for a few seconds before sighing seeing her like this: "Let's go for a walk and put all this troublesome business aside for a bit.... I think we all need some air to clear our heads."

Kali nodded without saying a word. A walk in the fresh air might be a good idea right now.

Even though he hadn't taken a shower in half a year, his body had basically reached perfection so he didn't even need to go relieve himself like the others. At this point he would be fine even if he didn't shower for several years, but even if his body wasn't this great he could still use Blood Manipulation to expel the impurities from his system and Air Manipulation to ventilate all his pores and cells.

Bai Zemin casually pulled a set of clothes out of the closet and changed right on the spot, taking off the silk pajamas someone else had put on him. One was his daughter and the other was Kali so there was no need to be timid about it since he knew that no one in this room would be thinking stray thoughts.

After a bit of effort, Bai Zemin got Bai Shilin and Kali out of Hero City unnoticed by anyone.

Well, Lu Cai and the few other Higher Existences surely noticed but none of them showed up nor did they say anything even though he was leaving the city in a moment like this.

That brings us to the present.

As Bai Zemin walked with Kali and Bai Shilin, the trio blended in with the people perfectly.

Although the three "family members" did attract a bit of attention due to their luscious white hair, no one approached them to strike up a conversation and certainly no one looked at them more than twice before moving on with their lives.

A little trick Bai Zemin could pull off thanks to Blood Manipulation.

Kali was still fine since although she was pretty she wasn't a great beauty, but Bai Shilin.... If it wasn't for Bai Zemin helping her to slightly modify her face and body he had no doubt that his precious daughter would be like a panda attracting people's eyes wherever she went.

"There really are a lot of them." Bai Zemin commented casually as he looked in different directions.

"I told you. Those arrogant Higher Existences are no longer a secret to anyone on Earth." Kali shrugged and said coolly, "Your good wife took out the corpse of an Archangel and hung it on the north wall of Hero City for seven days and seven nights. Plus, your second in command used the Sky Destroyer's projector screens to show the image all over the countries while at the same time she strictly forbade any kind of treaty with them. She even directly threatened anyone who dared to break this rule with execution."

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth contracted slightly upon hearing that Lilith pinned up Michael's corpse for seven days and seven nights.

The Army of Heaven and the angels probably went crazy with anger, didn't they? Unfortunately for them, Earth was a Lower World and everyone here was a Lower Existence thus they could only swallow the anger in their belly while gnashing their teeth.

Only now did he understand what that family of three meant when they talked about the angel "he had killed". After all, Sonnata's corpse was still in his storage ring so although it was true that he did kill an angel, it was impossible to show it when he was lying unconscious.

It was obvious that Lilith said he was the one who killed Michael to warn the living beings on Earth to avoid unnecessary trouble to some extent.

While Bai Zemin sighed in wonder and a tad proud before the changes in the society he himself raised with the help of a few suddenly thought of two people he hadn't heard anything about for a long time.

"Those two sisters... I hope they were able to settle their past problems in the best possible outcome." He muttered with a somewhat sad expression as he remembered the cruel past of those two.

It was about time to close that chapter in their lives and move on.

But before then Bai Zemin had to put an end to the arrogance of the eight major factions.

Did they really think that Earth was a place where they could come and go as they pleased? They would soon be in for a very rude awakening.