Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1322 Throw them out

Even though Bai Zemin was only muttering to himself and didn't expect a reply from anyone, even more so considering that there was so much noise from the crowd in the vicinity, there was still someone who followed his lead.

"Father, are you perhaps talking about Big Sis Evangeline?"

Bai Zemin freed a hand to pat the slightly too smart girl on the head and while still pulling the wheelchair he nodded, "Your Big Sister Evangeline had a very difficult childhood, and her big sister is the same as well. I really hope things have reached a good end for both of them."

Bai Shilin narrowed her eyes like a cat and enjoyed his caresses happily as she continued, "Big Sis Evangeline has been missing for more than eight months now. Although Mom Bing Xue and Big Sis Yijun tried to contact her it seems she destroyed the intercom and hasn't returned since."

The military intercom that everyone used was a high-tech device that was developed based on the data that Bai Zemin brought back from Eventide World mixed with the information data obtained from other countries that got the legacy of ancient ruins. This simple device was not only effective within various magical barriers but also had a tracking function that covered almost the entire Earth.

"Since she broke it then she must have had her reasons." Bai Zemin smiled bitterly.

From a certain point of view, he failed in his word. After all, he had promised Evangeline to kill her older sister on that fateful night they met during the first months of the apocalypse.

But things were too complicated for him, an outsider, to stick his nose into that family.

However, Bai Zemin had already made up his mind this time.

"After finishing the problem with the Higher Existences once and for all I will personally go and look for Evangeline." He said in a deep voice.

"Can you find her though?" Kali pointed out casually.

"I can, of course." Bai Zemin smiled slightly but did not elaborate further.

Kali nodded indifferently. She was just asking for the sake of asking.

As for whether Evangeline lived or died, returned or not... Kali couldn't care less.

Bai Zemin took the two young girls for a walk and they enjoyed the diverse scenery within the capital. The mix between ancient buildings and tall magical towers located in different key points not only didn't look strange but gave an advanced medieval air usually seen in movies or fantasy stories.

Due to their statuses and positions, both Kali and Bai Shilin rarely had free time to take a walk like this. The former usually spent her time studying runes or creating devices with engraved runes while the latter spent most of her time training her martial arts and skill control.

Even Kali whose eyes never opened could still sense and "see" many things from the different scenarios, therefore, it was not bad to do this occasionally.

About two hours later, Bai Zemin had just left a rather exclusive restaurant when he suddenly stopped in the middle of the door, blocking people who wanted to enter and those who wanted to go out.

After more than ten seconds, people finally started getting annoyed and making noise.

"Hey, are you going in or are you going out? Don't block the walkway!" said a beautiful girl, practically blowing smoke out of her ears.

This beautiful woman's name was Lin Qingxue and she was only 25 years old this year. Because she was so beautiful, many men of all ages pursued her and always tried their best to please her but no one dared to lay a finger on her. She herself was a level 50 soul evolver with excellent physical ability and her paternal uncle was a level 3 Noble while her own father was the leader of a group composed by 500 soul evolvers in charge of the order of 1/4th of Beijing.

She was never arrogant and in fact was usually well-behaved despite having strength, beauty, and status. Today, however, her mood was particularly foul after running into a crazy little bitch who despite being weak as a chicken started swearing at her in the middle of the street after the girl's boyfriend came over to smooth things over.

Even if your boyfriend is like that you can only blame yourself for having mouse eyes and choosing a pig as your partner! Lin Qingxue really wanted to slap that pair to death but ultimately just had them arrested by the local police for disturbing the peace.

This matter had just happened minutes ago meaning that her bad mood was still bubbling, and now someone blocked her way when she wanted to go to her favorite restaurant and lighten her heavy mood a bit by eating the dessert she liked the most.

Could it be that today really was destined to be the worst day in her life? Lin Qingxue began to regret not taking a look at her zodiacal luck before leaving home, which led her to run into so many odd creatures one after another.

What bothered her the most was that this young man didn't even look at all. His eyes stayed fixed on the distant sky.

The two soul evolvers who worked as security guards at the restaurant smiled bitterly seeing this.

One of them approached and said without being sweet or salty, "Sir, if you wish to continue tasting the dishes at our place please come in. If you are done then you need to go ahead and not block the other guests."

The soul evolver was quite polite and his reasoning completely logical. He dared not offend anyone capable of coming to eat in such an expensive place like this but he could not neglect his duties either, therefore he said these words.

However, how could the soul evolver know that this young man accompanied by two young girls would ignore him straight away? His expression sank and he was about to say something when he suddenly saw a golden bow appear out of nowhere in the young man's hands.

'Trouble!' That soul evolver swore in his heart but it didn't take him long to unsheathe his sword.

The other soul evolver didn't stand still either, and in an instant the two of them flanked the group of three from both sides.

The two were Second Order soul evolvers level 52 and 51 respectively. They worked here because it was not only safe but the pay was ridiculously good, as they were given a First Order Soul Stone every other day.

With the Earth unified and the alliance between mankind and the mutant beasts, obtaining Soul Stones to improve their skills and enhance their capabilities was really challenging in these days. To get them it was necessary to go to the deepest forests or take a ship to the ocean, both of which were extremely dangerous.

Therefore, these kinds of jobs were very good.

"Sir, put your weapon down and lie face down on the ground!"

Immediately a commotion arose in the area.

Those who wanted to go out after eating hurried back inside and those who wanted to go in retreated more than a block in a few seconds, pointing and whispering about what was going on.

Lin Qingxue, however, frowned. She did not retreat but neither did she draw her weapon, a whip called Thorn Rose coiled around her slender waist.

The eyes of this proud princess of life were fixed on the golden bow the white-haired young man was holding and at this point most of her earlier frustration had evaporated.

He... From where did he get that bow?

Thanks to her paternal uncle's high status, Lin Qingxue knew of the existence of incomparable treasures called 'storage ring'. However, her uncle had once mentioned that according to his knowledge there were only two or maybe three people who owned a storage ring in their entire Transcendent Empire.

One of them was the Ice Queen whose status was basically below one and above all others. Even a level 3 Noble like her uncle did not have the qualifications to see the Ice Queen at all.

As for the other one...

Lin Qingxue suddenly breathed in cold air as a wild thought knocked her.

From the time she stopped at the entrance of the restaurant until now, it had only been about thirty seconds at most. Bai Zemin suddenly opened his free right hand and directly spent 40.000 Mana points.

The air in the surroundings became turbulent and all those within 2 kilometers seemed to fall into a kind of swamp as for a moment they felt that it was difficult to move or even breathe.

Those two Second Order soul evolvers were even forced back a dozen steps directly. The two of them were horrified over this.

A blood-red arrow instantly took shape in his right hand. This arrow was composed of the blood of the Nine-Headed Immortal Dragon that Bai Zemin killed long ago in America. More specifically, it was the blood from the poisonous head.

"What are you going to do?" Kali asked.

She ignored everyone around them but was genuinely curious.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"It's time to chase all these pests out." Bai Zemin snorted clearly irritated and the red in his eyes deepened slightly.

"Remember not to go crazy. We're in Beijing." Kali reminded him.

Bai Zemin nodded and said no more.

It was ridiculous to engage in battle here and he naturally wouldn't do such a stupid thing. However, he had no intention of fighting anyone from the beginning.

What he was going to do was to kill an unwary enemy with one shot, and then would use this as an impetus to suppress the rest before kicking them out of his house!