Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1323 A different kind of evolution

Bai Zemin put the blood arrow on the bowstring and with an incredibly agile movement took aim, pulling the arrow and the string back with all his strength.

His eyes narrowed into slits and his line of sight became smaller. In return for narrowing his field of vision, Bai Zemin's eyes gained a small but noticeable boost of clarity as even the white clouds could not block it.

Everyone's eyes were fixed on the blood arrow and the golden bow. It was unnecessary to mention the clearly high value of the bow as the sparks of solar flares around it were more than enough proof of its rarity and preciousness, but that arrow...

"Just... What skill is that? It's just an arrow but it feels like the Soul Fisherman's scythe is aiming at me." One of the two Second Order soul evolvers muttered bitterly.

The other gritted his teeth hard and even though his hands were shaking he clung to his sword with everything he had, "Whatever it is we can't let him cause trouble! Give me a hand, we'll stop him between the two of us!"

The first soul evolver wanted to say a thing or two to his companion but in the end he smiled bitterly and shook his head, getting ready to risk his little life here.

If possible they really wanted to wait for reinforcements to arrive since they obviously weren't capable of taking on such a monster. However, thinking about the owner of this restaurant they both knew they could not face the consequences for failing in their duties.

The two exchanged glances and rushed forward at the same time after a brief nod.

Just then, a beautiful but anxious and serious voice sounded from not too far away.

"Stop!!"

The two soul evolvers froze in shock upon hearing this voice.... They recognized the person.

Indeed, moving as fast as the wind, the beautiful Lin Qingxue whose face was slightly pale but whose eyes were trembling with emotion appeared in the path of the two soul evolvers with her whip in her left hand.

The two looked at each other in shock and dismay.

Lin Qingxue might be at the peak of the First Order at only 25 years old, a genius... but the two of them were already Second Order soul evolvers!

Forget about taking on both of them at the same time, she wouldn't be able to stop even a single one.

It was just that the two soul evolvers in charge of the security of this place didn't understand one thing. This young ancestor was clearly in a very bad mood 30 seconds ago, even on the verge of cursing at the young man who blocked the entrance to the place.

Then... how come she now seemed to be protecting him?

Could it be that she had swallowed the wrong medicine before leaving home?

"Miss Lin, what do you think you are doing?" The soul evolver who tried to reason with Bai Zemin at first said in a deep voice: "Even you cannot afford to provoke the person behind this establishment. Are you and that young man together?"

"You dare! This person is-!"

Lin Qingxue was about to say something when suddenly a strong gale blew, enveloping both her and the two men she was blocking.

The three of them were pushed more than 50 meters before gently falling to the ground.

The two soul evolvers looked at each other and both saw the horror in the other's eyes.... That gust of wind just now... fortunately there were no malicious intentions behind it or else the power compressed into a wind blade could have cut their heads off in a heartbeat.

"As expected, he really is..." Lin Qingxue muttered to herself and then her whole body shuddered.

A dark blue flame and a bright violet flame suddenly burned above the blood arrow. Then, a whirlwind of wind enveloped the blood arrow as well as the two flames.

Rumble....!!!

Bai Zemin held his breath for an instant, and as the ground and buildings around him began to rumble, he opened his eyes wide as he released his grip on the arrow and the string.

Bang!

They all saw a blue and a purple line with a smaller blood red one going through the clouds in the distance. The tricolor line was extremely thin but so bright that in a second both the earth and the sky seemed to link together.

More than 20 kilometers in the sky, a 1000-meter long silver-colored female dragon soared arrogantly over the sky of Beijing city. This dragon was surrounded by a strange layer of light that reflected the rays of sunlight in all directions, which hid her from the eyes of others.

Suddenly, that female dragon seemed to sense something and her whole body froze for an instant. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a flash of light blinking next to her and before she could even utter a word or activate a skill her head was pierced from the bottom up.

The blood arrow barely lost power so it continued to soar higher. The power of the wind gave it a great amount of penetrating power while two divine flames burning at full blast broke through all impediments, so the arrow simply sliced and pierced through everything in its path until it exited the planet's atmosphere in just 5 seconds before exploding.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of 'Fifth Order Chamaleon Dragon Long Xiaoyao level 406'...]

Bai Zemin released the turbid air he was holding in his lungs and slowly lowered his bow.

In the distant sky, a large multicolored, blue and violet patch could be seen, which immediately attracted the attention of the entire city. But what attracted everyone's eyes the most was the huge eastern dragon swooping down from the clouds split in half.

"Heaven!"

"One of those dragons was killed by that line linking the sky and the earth!"

"My God! It's gonna fall on us!"

"Run!"

For a moment, chaos seemed to descend upon the usually tranquil Beijing City.

Fortunately, before anyone was hurt or things got out of control something happened that made everyone stop in their tracks.

The 1-kilometer-long silver dragon suddenly began to slow its descent, and when it was only 300 meters from the ground it came to a complete stop. All around it, a strong wind layer enveloped the body of the dragon, not allowing it to harm citizens or structures.

Everyone sighed in relief and stopped running. Their eyes stared at the huge slain dragon in amazement and surprise as they wondered what was happening. The energy of that slayed creature's body was so vast that they all felt as if a mountain was weighing down on them even though it was clearly dead, so they could only imagine how powerful it was while it was alive.

Bai Zemin, whose hand was stretched forward, slowly lowered it.

It was not he the one who stopped the dragon in the sky. Just when he was about to do so someone else beat him to it and did it for him.

"Hehehe..."

A charming, feminine giggle sounded across the street. Bai Zemin didn't turn to look as he easily recognized its owner.

"I was wondering who was so eager to die, stirring up trouble in the restaurant I opened to sustain my poor family. On the way I was thinking about how to kill that someone, it's just that I didn't expect it to be you.... Should I lie on your lap and let you give me a spanking or two as punishment for my daring?"

The voice was very sweet and playful, but the words were full of an allure capable of weakening men's bones.

The two soul evolvers guarding the place almost fell to the ground when they saw this person, but what stupefied them the most were her words.

She... Wasn't she the owner of the restaurant? More importantly... With her identity, she actually...

How could she...

It wasn't until now that the two soul evolvers realized that this white-haired young man accompanied by two other white-haired young women was most likely someone whose status was immeasurable!

Moreover, someone who had enough power to slay one of those arrogant dragons that behaved as if they were gods...

Lin Qingxue knelt down on one knee and lowered her head. Her voice trembled as she said with fear and excitement, "Lin Qingxue greets Your Majesty Emperor! I hope Your Majesty doesn't feel offended by the words of this little one who has eyes but cannot see...."

Emperor????!!!!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The two soul evolvers almost fainted straight away.

Bai Zemin shivered imperceptibly and felt his scalp grow cold when he heard this woman's words.

Cringe as fuck!

The mother who gave birth to you... what do you mean by "this little one"? I, your father, am younger than you!

Shangguan Xinyue burst out laughing when she saw Bai Zemin's body trembling slightly. Although he maintained a stone-cold expression the whole time, how could she not see through his thoughts?

She covered her mouth with one hand, and at the same time patted his shoulder a couple of times, she said in a whisper, "Hehehe... Little King, congratulations on being promoted to Little Emperor!"

Bai Zemin almost collapsed to the ground directly.

This might be the most embarrassing "evolution" of his life.

This woman really...!

Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but although he felt a little embarrassed inside, he had to admit that Shangguan Xinyue's words quelled much of his bad mood.