Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1324 Two opposing poles attract each other

Shangguan Xinyue did not tease Bai Zemin too much even though she really appreciated and loved to see the subtle changes in his expression. Instead, she looked into his eyes for a few seconds and then said softly, "I'm glad you woke up. We were all worried about you."

Bai Zemin sighed a sigh of relief in his heart. Thank heavens she didn't tease him anymore as he really didn't know how to behave around this woman who was his mother's age but naughty like a teenager.

He smiled slightly in response and was about to say something when suddenly several auras rose into the sky from different points in the city.

Bai Shilin raised her head and looked in a certain direction, "Alas, why is everyone coming in such a hurry?"

"That's because this goofball used a level of strength that can't be ignored in the middle of the capital." Kali ridiculed.

Lin Qingxue who still remained kneeling looked sideways at Kali, secretly wondering about the identity of this girl who could actually mock the ruler of Earth so freely.

But, seeing how the Emperor himself pulled the wheelchair for the girl even a fool could understand that she was someone important to him.

Shangguan Xinyue looked up at the sky, and noticing several extremely oppressive auras getting closer and closer whispered: "What are your plans? You just woke up and... I can tell you're not at your best."

Shangguan Xinyue was a level 257 soul evolver at this point. She had experienced many tough battles in the past half a year, visiting other worlds regularly and "collecting" Soul Power from several powerhouses.

Although Bai Zemin was still extremely powerful, she could easily say that he was in an extremely vulnerable state as for the first time in a long time she felt that she could kill him. The chances were not high, but they were there and this alone was evidence that he was not in optimal condition.

Therefore, she was curious to know what he was planning to do now that he killed a God Dragon Realm Higher Existence openly.

Bai Zemin did not answer Shangguan Xinyue's question but rose straight up into the sky under the shocked eyes of the thousands of citizens who were quickly crowding the surroundings.

Shangguan Xinyue immediately followed him and with a wave of his hand brought Bai Shilin who had no skills to stay afloat in the sky. At the same time, she said in a clear and authoritative voice, "Protect her. If anyone touches a hair on her even a thousand lives of yours won't be able to pay for it."

Lin Qingxue and the two soul evolvers immediately stood around Kali without even thinking about it.

Little did they know that Kali's wheelchair actually had enough power to kill all of them and protect herself perfectly...

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! ...

One after another, more than a dozen beams of light shone from different places and soared into the sky. In a few breaths, these people appeared in front of Bai Zemin.

"Brother!" Meng Qi ignored everyone's eyes and directly rushed at Bai Zemin, hugging him with all her strength and barely holding back the urge to cry.

Bai Zemin was a little surprised when he looked at the pair of transparent wings on his younger sister's back, but he quickly saw many silver runes there and it didn't take him long to understand that it was probably something that Meng Qi herself created during the last six months.

He hugged her and reassured her a little, but his eyes immediately stopped on one person after scanning the crowd with his eyes.

Bai Zemin slowly closed his eyes and a faint smile took shape on his handsome face as he softly said, "So this is your original self before you changed races?"

Standing in the sky without the support of any outside objects, Lilith slightly opened her arms and gracefully circled around before looking up at him and smiling, "Disappointed?"

Bai Zemin chuckled and shook his head, feeling incredibly pleased with life despite the many hardships he had to experience so far.

"How could I? Ever since you appeared in my life I've felt nothing but blessed."

Hair as white and pure as snow, fluffy-looking pointed ears covered by a small layer of soft fur, a slender but extremely curvaceous body that formed a perfect 8. On her back, nine thick fluffy furry tails that tempted people to hug and stroke them swayed gently as if greeting the populace.

The Lilith that Bai Zemin knew was completely different from this Lilith. She was not only much weaker but her Charm seemed to have changed its source as she did not ignite the lust of the males with just a glance. Even though she was completely different, Bai Zemin felt like he liked her this way though.

After all, this was her original self.

Lilith gazed at him and the more she looked at him the more she had to fight back the tears that gathered at the edge of her eyes, moistening her long eyelashes. Among all living beings, perhaps only she truly understood how hard the road had been for both of them so far.

Even though she was a Higher Existence she still had to hide because if the others found out about her origin she would immediately be hunted down and killed. Despite having enough power to destroy an entire world, she always felt alone as all her loved ones had left her long ago so there was no one to help her.

Despite being a Lower Existence, Bai Zemin on the other hand had no choice but to continually expose himself to dangerous enemies far above his level who wanted him dead, needing to build a safe place for his family and those who trusted him with their lives. He had family and even friends, but he also had secrets he could not tell for fear of involving others in the whirlwind of knives he fought day and night.

From many angles, Bai Zemin and Lilith were completely opposite not only in terms of power but also in circumstances.

One needed to hide and the other to expose himself, one was alone as no one could extend a helping hand and the other had company willing to support him but did not want to drag them into it.

Perhaps it was because each of them saw in the other their inner struggles as well as their weaknesses and needs that they ended up here together.

Only the two of them understood this, but tactically they never mentioned it.

Meng Qi felt that the atmosphere was a bit strange, and although she was unwilling she slowly walked away while sighing in her heart.

"Now we can fight side by side, can't we?" Lilith didn't hesitate to approach him and without further delay she wrapped her arms around his neck.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Although Bai Zemin was secretly surprised as he could feel the wind around Lilith swirling around her feet, he didn't say anything about it but hugged her limber waist, "Well, we'll have to wait for that.... My current self might die under the sword of a Third Order."

Lilith's blue eyes turned red and sadness and grief overwhelmed her until it choked her. She caressed his face tenderly and said softly, "I will take care of you until then. Even later on I will still take care of you."

Despite being much weaker compared to her former self, Lilith was still a dignified level 400 soul evolver who could advance to Higher Existence as long as she completed the evolutionary requirements. She could naturally feel that Bai Zemin's life force and thus Health were extremely fragile right now, so fragile that he absolutely could not afford a prolonged battle against a powerful enemy.

"I'll count on you." Bai Zemin chuckled and nodded happily.

In reality, although his life force was very weak it was not easy to kill him. With his speed, his skills, and his strength... anything below the Fifth Order could basically forget about touching a hair on him.

Of course, there were always unknowns and unforeseen events were prone to happen in life. However, as long as nothing strange happened and his luck wasn't particularly horrible he should be fine.

Lilith took a step to the side but stayed close to him as if she feared that someone or something would cause him the slightest harm.

Bai Zemin kept an arm around her waist and finally looked at the rest carefully. Now that he was paying attention to them he couldn't help but notice that they all had somewhat strange expressions as they glanced at Lilith.

What's wrong? Bai Zemin blinked, feeling extremely puzzled.

It had been six months by now so they should be used to her, shouldn't they?

But soon he understood what was going on.

Bai Zemin's eyes shifted from side to side and he suddenly sucked in a breath of cold air.

"Lilith, you..."

Even though he had been mentally prepared for this for over a year ago Bai Zemin still couldn't stop his heart from beating like crazy.

"We'll talk about this later, okay?" Lilith touched his chest and said softly. Her expression was also complicated as she slowly said, "There are many things I have to tell you. Some things I did might upset you a lot even... but now that I've decided to leave everything behind for you I will completely open my heart and hide nothing, absolutely nothing. Not even my darkest secrets."

Everyone had secrets regardless of relationship or feelings. Everyone had secrets that, whatever the reason, they did not want to share with anyone regardless of who the other party was.

Bai Zemin would be willing to give his life for Lilith without hesitation, but he had secrets from her that he never told her. It wasn't about distrust or anything similar, it's just that some things were better hidden for diverse reasons.

However, Lilith actually said that she would hold absolutely nothing back.... Very, very few living beings could do something like that.

While Bai Zemin was still feeling a bit dismayed and complex inside as he had a partial idea of what was happening, approximately five or six powerful auras appeared overhead.

"Let's expel the uninvited guests first..." He muttered with cold eyes.