Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1326 Sky-Earth Barrier: Sealed Earth

The atmosphere became extremely heavy in a matter of seconds after a brief exchange of words.

Although the other Higher Existences of the other factions did not understand why Bai Zemin would refuse such a good offer as the one Fire Sorrow was bringing to him, the vast majority of them secretly felt delighted inside.

The Demonic Army was currently the most powerful faction at least on the surface. Even after the war that took place half a year ago at their base, the amount of powers that the Demonic Army lost was in balance with the powers that the other factions lost at that time.

Therefore, it was natural for the others to fear an alliance between the already terrifying Demonic Army and the Transcendent faction whose rise at lightning speed seemed inevitable.

Of course, the most disappointed in all this had to be the ordinary citizens. Now that their lives had begun to straighten out after so much suffering there was not one of them who did not yearn for peace.

Bai Zemin remained silent for a long time before slowly saying, "Actually, I don't need Lucifer's life... As long as I can have Darkness Manipulation it should be fine."

"You are...! You are...!" Fire Sorrow was already panting with rage and her eyes seemed to spit flames as she said loudly, "Bai Zemin, you! Do you really think Lucifer will agree to give you his core skill just like that?! If you don't give me an explanation how am I supposed to come up with such a ridiculous idea like this?!"

Fire Sorrow's anger was not only coming from Bai Zemin's seemingly heartless words. She was angry that if things continued down this path it would be inevitable that Bai Zemin and Lucifer would eventually end up facing each other.

Although it was never really confirmed, Fire Sorrow already treated Bai Zemin as the reincarnation of the only man she loved throughout her long life. Therefore, she had begun to develop feelings for him even though it was a bit far from the word love.

However, Lucifer was one of the few friends she had and perhaps the only living existence she dared to trust with her life with her eyes closed currently!

Bai Zemin knew that if he did not expose a little of what he knew it would be difficult for him to be understood. However, he also did not dare to reveal too much.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He did not dare to say that the universe had a high possibility of coming to an end in just a little over 2 years.

It wasn't about whether others believed him or not.... It was about the consequences that would follow later!

The only reason he and all the Lower Existences could live relatively peacefully was because the Higher Existences could not step out of line with them on their own initiative.... But if it were suddenly revealed that they could all die within less than three years, those suppressed Higher Existences could no longer be restrained by the threat of the Soul Record.

Those Sixth and Seventh Order existences may be fine... But Bai Zemin knew that in the coming war at least 70-80% of Fifth Order would perish.

Since they were going to die anyway, they might as well get loose and go crazy, right?

Therefore, Bai Zemin's hands were tied regarding this matter and he could only suffer in the dark by himself.

He took a deep breath and while gazing directly at Fire Sorrow said two words.

"Golden Domain."

Indeed, Bai Zemin instantly saw Fire Sorrow's pupils fiercely twitch when she heard those two words coming out of his mouth.

It wasn't just Fire Sorrow but the other nearby Higher Existences also looked at him in shock.

"Zemin, you how... How do you know about the Golden Domain..."

Lilith's grip on his arm suddenly tightened. She was hit by a wave of unease and her heart began to beat fiercely as she immediately seemed to realize something.

"You... Where did you hear those words?" Fire Sorrow asked in a choked voice.

At first, she thought it was Lilith who told him something about it. But she immediately dismissed this thought as she saw the slightly pale face and disbelief in Lilith's eyes.

Even though Bai Zemin had killed Higher Existences recently, he was already at the peak of the Third Order so it was absolutely impossible to absorb those gained records. In other words, he should not have learned about the existence of the Golden Domain through the massacre.

But if it wasn't Lilith then how...

Bai Zemin shook his head and said in a firm voice: "I can't say more. Fire Sorrow, to be honest, I do consider you a friend and if it weren't for the fact that we are standing in complicated positions I would like to get along with you. That's why I'm telling you this.... The Darkness Manipulation skill is something I absolutely must obtain either by fair means or foul."

What Bai Zemin meant was obvious to anyone with two healthy brain cells.

Either Lucifer would hand Darkness Manipulation over to him of his own free will or Bai Zemin would forcibly rip it out of him once he had the ability to do so.

And with his monstrous growth rate it probably wouldn't take that long, would it?

Seeing Fire Sorrow's deathly pale face, Bai Zemin knew that she probably realized that something big would happen soon because of the Golden Domain. Even if she possibly couldn't imagine how serious the situation was, she should at least understand that Bai Zemin was not a person who returned grace with blood but really had no choice.

"But I promise you that I won't kill him.... Even if I have to risk a little more."

Fire Sorrow looked at Bai Zemin's serious face, as well as his pure eyes, and understood that this was the highest level promise he could afford to give her... even though this promise would surely endanger his life.

She clenched both fists tightly and the space around her twisted fiercely as if it were crumpled paper.

All her anger towards Bai Zemin had disappeared from the moment she heard him mention the Golden Domain. After all, she hadn't lived millions of years for nothing and easily realized that he was in an extremely complicated position.

It was just that she felt incredibly frustrated and powerless.

Why? Why did life and fate have to be so selfish? It was as if everything was turning against her over and over again? It was as if she was destined to writhe in sorrow until the day she died.

No! First I need to talk to Lucifer and then move forward from there!

Fire Sorrow immediately made up her mind.

She could not simply give up and submit in the face of hardship.

She was a soul evolver after all!

They, soul evolvers, were destined to defy myriads of adversities and oppose death itself in order to keep walking!

Bai Zemin noticed Fire Sorrow's steady and decisive eyes. He sighed in his heart but said nothing despite understanding what she was thinking.

Instead, he looked at the other Higher Existences and slowly said, "Instead of pointing your swords at each other, I think you should already know where you should be glaring at. It's really unfortunate that most of you and I will have to be enemies... But that's the way it is. I just hope you are smart enough to know how to differentiate between short-term benefits and your life as well as the lives of your loved ones."

It was impossible for Bai Zemin to be allies with all of them, as he needed to strengthen himself to a level where he could look down with disdain. However, him alone being the common enemy was enough.

What he meant by those last words was that they were all the guardians that the universe had to fight against the Golden Domain so they should stop killing each other now that they had grown up.

If not, they would all end up dead under the swords and spears of the invaders.

As for whether they understood and did something about it or treated his words like air, Bai Zemin did not have the power to do anything about it.

"I said what I had to say." Bai Zemin waved his free hand and the space around the entire Earth began to fluctuate slightly, "Get in shape and do your best."

"This is... Forced teleportation!" The werewolf woman exclaimed in amazement.

"Emperor!" the beauty of the phoenix race pointed at Bai Zemin and said, "He's using the power of his Title to get us out of Earth!"

"This is not a place you can come to anymore." Bai Zemin muttered to himself and then said loudly, "Go back to the place you came from!"

Under the shocked eyes of many people, all the Higher Existences hovering around Earth were enveloped by an unavoidable spatial force and then felt everything around them become a blur before appearing on one of the worlds controlled by their respective factions.

While everyone was in shock, Bai Zemin suddenly let go of Lilith's slender waist and soared into the sky like a rocket. However, those who were close to him were quick to react and hurriedly followed him.

Upon reaching the boundary point between Earth and outer space, Bai Zemin opened his arms and directly expended the several tens of thousands of Mana points he had left to activate two skills.

The first skill he activated was Gravity Manipulation.

Using the power of gravity as well as his control over it, Bai Zemin shaped a gravitational shield that enveloped the entire Earth without affecting the living beings that inhabited it.

Shangguan Xinyue and Lilith almost fell from the sky when the air around them went out of their control. Fortunately Shangguan Bing Xue reacted in time and ordered her ice phoenix to pick them both up.

"Who can tell me what the hell is going on?" Shangguan Xinyue exclaimed with a pale face as she watched the glowing air particles fiercely moving everywhere.

Just now she was really scared after losing control over the wind element. Even if she was a high-level soul evolver she could really end up turning to pulp if she fell from this height to the ground!

Everyone on Earth could see hundreds of storm eyes forming in the sky. The clouds swirled overhead and the seas roared as colossal sized waves rose in the form of columns.

Lilith looked at Bai Zemin's back and suddenly thought of something. She quickly glanced at Meng Qi but just as she was about to say something she saw her recording everything at a 360 degree angle with a Memory Crystal. Lilith sighed in relief and said nothing.

Six hours later, a total of ten gravitational barriers and ten wind barriers were erected around the planet.

500.000 Mana points and 500.000 Spiritual Power points were used to perform this feat.