Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1329 Emperor & Empress (Part 2)

These last days were especially noisy and full of life within the walls of Beijing.

The citizens wore their best clothes, the street merchants became more active, the large gathering places turned busy to the brim...

It could be said that the last four days were lived to the fullest after news swept not only through China but through all the other countries that were part of the Transcendent Empire.

The First Emperor of the Transcendent Empire was marrying his Empress!

It had been months since the apocalypse finally came to an end and humans basically no longer had to worry about running into a zombie or mutant beast every time they left their homes. Even if they went outside the defensive walls, as long as they didn't go into the red zones there was basically no danger for them.

To say that each and every human being on Earth was infinitely grateful to the Emperor was most likely an understatement. Therefore, when those weak people who only had the minimum level necessary to withstand the gravitational pressure of the evolved Earth heard the news that their emperor and savior was marrying his beloved, basically everyone went into a frenzy.

Of course, while 90% of humanity was grateful and happy, there was a portion that was not. However, they were in the minority and could basically be ignored.

The happiest had to be the citizens of China. After all, the Emperor was of Chinese descent and although he was not partial to any particular ethnicity, it was still a kind of pride in itself that the greatest human being carried Huaxian blood in his veins.

Red streamers decorated every corner of Beijing and floating lanterns lit up the night like dust speckled fireflies on the great dark canvas. Huge magic screens could be seen every 500 meters and millions of citizens surrounded the different parts of the city eagerly awaiting the big moment.

The least excited had to be the soul evolvers who were part of the royal patrol or the city police. However, this was not because they were sad about the wedding but because they had their own difficulties.

A middle-aged man was leading a group of 6 people and they all carefully watched the noisy crowd below the building. They were just one of the many watch stations temporarily set up to avoid any kind of trouble that might arise in the midst of the crowds.

"Captain, are we really going to have to stay here all night?" A young man who looked to be 18 or 19 years old complained with a bitter expression on his face, "Recently that tigress of mine has been in a bad mood because she saw me with another girl on Phoenix Street... Although I explained to her a thousand times that I'll be working hard tonight she didn't believe me and warned me that if I don't come home before midnight I'll be finding my stuff in trash bags the next day."

The middle-aged man looked at the young man with an expression that spoke more than a thousand words. It was as if he was telling him how sorry he was for his pain but his mouth said something else, "Xiao Ya, you are a level 35 soul evolver so you can count as passable. Many weak little lasses would be willing to crawl into your bed and keep you company so that you can build your little harem but you... Ai! You had to go mess with that fierce lioness from the Bloodsoul Mercenary Group."

Another man who looked to be about 27 years old had a mocking expression on his face as he looked at Xiao Ya and said, "Xiao Ya, I heard that your girl reached level 48 recently? Hehehe... Big brother doesn't want you to be too scared but just in case I'll tell you a few things. If you really dare to try to have another girl despite being the weakest in your relationship then you can expect a few broken bones!"

"Big brother, please don't scare me." That young man named Xiao Ya trembled as he remembered something and with his face as black as the bottom of a pot explained his problems, "I'm already happy I don't have to share her with any other men, where am I going to have time to look for other girls? But she... She really thinks I'm unmatched under the heavens because of my particularly unique appearance!"

Looking at Xiao Ya's somewhat monkey-like face, his teammates were speechless for a long time as they cursed in their hearts.

Indeed, your appearance is quite unique... If you are unmatched under the heavens with that appearance of yours, then we are invincible within the realm of life and death!

Everyone gave Xiao Ya the middle finger and told him to forget about going home today. They also pointed out that he had better start looking for a new apartment to rent, which made the whole group burst out laughing.

After a few jokes, Xiao Ya suddenly said, "Guys, come to think of it... Do any of you know who His Majesty is marrying tonight?"

"It should be the Ice Goddess?" One of them casually commented while biting on a chopstick with a lazy expression, "The Ice Goddess not only has the highest authority just below the Emperor but is also widely known as the most beautiful woman in all of Earth. Although she is cold towards all men, so much so that she won't even give them a glance let alone exchange a sentence, I've heard quite a few rumors about her infatuation towards His Majesty."

Everyone remained silent at the thought of that figure beautiful beyond description. Some even sighed as they felt their hearts break.

Even though Shangguan Bing Xue was deadly cold towards everyone, her beauty was just too overwhelming. What man did not want to have the most beautiful woman of all for himself? Moreover, this woman was so powerful that with a wave of her hand she could freeze rivers and bring icy storms.

"Perhaps only a man like His Majesty could tame a wild horse like that." One of them whispered in an extremely low voice like a mosquito.

They all exchanged glances with lewd smiles on their faces.

Xiao Ya, who had remained silent all this time, suddenly said, "Couldn't it be the Goddess of Nature? It is widespread knowledge to all that Lady Wu Yijun deeply loves His Majesty. It is said that during the initial stages of the apocalypse, Lady Wu Yijun opposed her entire family that was part of the old government and stood firmly on the emperor's side... Plus, I heard from around that His Majesty looks particularly favorably upon her among his many female friends. During this half year the one who took care of the government was her and not the Ice Goddess so..."

The other team members were silent for a while and that man who mocked Xiao Ya at first nodded slightly, "Xiao Ya has a point there. I myself heard many rumors about the relationship between the Emperor and the Goddess of Nature. Come to think of it, more than a year ago I remember seeing Lady Wu Yijun leave the house where His Majesty's parents previously resided on more than one occasion."

The young men sighed and all saw the bitterness on each other's faces.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Although Shangguan Bing Xue was definitely more beautiful, in comparison most of them preferred Wu Yijun. She was the goddess of countless men's hearts.

No matter whether it was her sinful body or her innocent face, no matter whether it was her gentleness and kindness or her overwhelming but at the same time warm power... She was simply the woman of dreams that any man could wish he could marry and share his whole life with.

Suddenly, the middle-aged man who was leading them and had been silent all "Ah?"

"Cap, how could we be wrong?"

"That's right, Cap. Although His Majesty has many female friends, the Ice Goddess and the Goddess of Nature are the closest by miles!"

"Or maybe... Maybe His Majesty is marrying both at the same time?"

It's unknown who it was that said that but suddenly everyone froze.

That... That was quite possible actually!

"Ai! If not because saying those words would make my head go skyward and my blood splatter all over the earth I would really want to..." One of the younger members shook his head as dangerous thoughts crossed his mind due to jealousy.

His teammates exchanged extremely bitter looks in silence.

"No." The middle-aged man shook his head again and with a shocked expression slowly said. "You're all in for a big surprise this time, boys. I'm not sure if His Majesty plans to form a harem of 4 empresses and 72 concubines like the ancient emperors of our China but I'm 100% sure that the first empress of our Empire is neither the Ice Goddess nor the Goddess of Nature."

They all wanted to retort, but seeing the Captain's astonished and breathless expression they realized that there might be some information unknown to them.

"Captain, tell us what you know and don't leave us guessing!" Xiao Ya grumbled.

They all nodded like chickens pecking at rice as they stared with glittering eyes at the middle-aged man.

"I..." The middle-aged man was about to say something when several cries of surprise echoed below.

Looking up, everyone saw a bronze-colored beast over 600 meters long soaring straight towards Hero City hovering 5000 feet above.

"Holy crap! F-Flood D-Dragon!" Xiao Ya exclaimed with a pale face. His legs felt so weak that he fell straight onto his butt as he stared at that imposing figure, "That thing.... That thing has to be at least level 150 to grow to that point!"

"Hmph! A beast dares to cause trouble here? It even dares to target Hero City? Actually courting death!" another member snorted even though his legs were also trembling.

However, to everyone's disbelief and surprise, a light shone around the flood dragon's body and soon transformed into a beautiful woman. She floated with her two wings silently and not long after a teleportation portal appeared. The beauty stepped through without hesitation and soon disappeared without a trace.

"This..." Xiao Ya and the others looked at each other in shock.

Only the middle-aged man watched everything with bright eyes. Then, he slowly said mysterious words, "Guys, our Emperor is really wise... This time I think the alliance between our human race and the mutant beast race will become unbreakable after tonight!"

Alliance? Everyone looked at each other puzzled as they did not understand what that had to do with it. Only the middle-aged man remembered some things he saw by accident months ago but did not dare to speak for fear of losing his head because of his mouth.