Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿1330 Emperor & Empress (Part 3)

Although it was only 9 p.m. and the ceremony was scheduled to officially begin only at midnight, the citizens were by no means in a hurry. They all chatted animatedly while occasionally glancing at the giant magic screen before them for fear of missing something.

Most eyes, however, were more attentive to the sky above their heads.

In the last two hours, more than a hundred mutant beasts above level 100 arrived outside the walls of Hero City, and not long after they announced themselves, they were allowed to go in. This shocked many and all sorts of theories began to fly through the air.

One should know that Hero City could easily be considered the capital city of the entire Transcendent Empire as well as the most important base of operations. Allowing a huge number of high-level mutant beasts to enter such an important place despite the fact that the number of people allowed to be there was always extremely small left many people perplexed and confused.

Fortunately, the arrivals were not just mutant beasts because otherwise people could have probably started to question whether they were being invaded or not.

Modified helicopters as big as a two-story house arrived from several directions. Each of these helicopters had a banner painted on both sides, representing the country/kingdom they belonged to.

Germany, France, Great Britain, Russia, Brazil, India... More than a dozen huge modified combat helicopters entered Hero City after the identities of those inside were confirmed. These modified combat helicopters were developed jointly by more than five united kingdoms and were basically the means of air transportation for those important figures who needed to travel long distances like now.

The most conspicuous, however, were the U.S. troops.

A strong gale blew in from the distance, fiercely stirring up the dust on the ground and forcing the citizens to close their eyes for a moment. At the same time, the sky rumbled with the sound of fierce thunder.

"My God!"

"Look at that bird!"

"That's a Blue Eagle Lightning Empress! See the number of lines on its head? It's clearly a Fourth Order beast!"

The huge eagle whose wingspan stretched nearly 200 meters immediately suffocated everyone. Even the magic towers located at the various strategic points of the city lit up briefly before shutting down.

"Hahaha! Brother Bai, could it be that after a few months you already don't remember us?" A man's laughter sounded from the top of the Blue Eagle Lightning Empress.

Brother Bai?

Everyone looked at each other in shock.

Who didn't know that the Emperor's surname was precisely Bai?

This person actually dared to call the ruler of the empire like that? Could it be that the two of them have an extremely good relationship?

But even more importantly... To think that someone would use an intelligent Fourth Order mutant beast as a mount! It wasn't until now that people saw a few heads on top of the eagle's back!

After a few seconds, a deep but friendly voice rang out from the depths of Hero City, spreading throughout Beijing.

"Angelo, for a moment I thought someone was coming to cause trouble at my house. It's only been a few months but you actually got yourself a Fourth Order friend. Not bad, not bad at all."

"Your Majesty!"

"That's the voice of His Majesty Emperor!"

"So this team comes all the way from America? No wonder that man dared to call His Majesty brother!"

"That's right. The rumors say that the King of America even fought shoulder to shoulder alongside His Majesty, taking down many enemies together. They could count as true friends who went through life and death battles together."

Some dropped to their knees when they heard the voice coming from the flying city while others began to chatter noisily with their eyes fixed on the sky.

Space twisted in front of the huge eagle and a blue portal quickly began to form there.

As the portal enlarged, Angelo laughed good-naturedly and said, "Hahaha unless someone has a death wish I don't think they would dare come and cause trouble on such an important day. But brother Bai, this time you are wrong about something... Soon you might be the one to visit me to celebrate my wedding!"

"Pu..."

A weird sound was heard from the distance. Just as everyone was wondering about it, the magnificent emperor's voice rang out again.

"Cough... Anyway, come in so we can drink some wine later."

Soon, the group from America entered the flying city smoothly.

Inside the Royal Palace, Bai Zemin almost fell to the ground as he said with an expression that looked like he didn't know whether to laugh or cry, "This dude, Angelo, actually got engaged to a Blue Eagle Lightning Empress... This courage of his is admirable."

Cai Jingyi who was wearing a beautiful golden cheongsam type dress and revealed both sides of her slender silky legs laughed as she helped him settle the collar, "According to the records we have found, the Blue Eagle Empress Lightning has powerful prowess in battle and her temperament is as fierce as lightning itself. I think this person's future life won't be boring, that's for sure."

Bai Zemin couldn't help but laugh when he heard Cai Jingyi's mocking words, but before he could laugh too hard someone interrupted him.

"Dad!" Bai Shilin reprimanded in a fierce voice.

"Cough... Sorry."

Bai Zemin lowered his head obediently, not at all like a great emperor.

His beautiful daughter was currently in charge of his hair. Even though Bai Shilin had tried no less than two dozen hairstyles over the last hour she still wasn't satisfied so Bai Zemin could only give up and let her do whatever she wanted.

"Father, let me tell you something. Before I came here I saw Lilith mom." Bai Shilin said in a serious but extremely sweet voice, "Her preparations were still in the middle but even Shilin was stunned for a long time when she saw her. Since the future Empress is this beautiful, my Father who is the Emperor absolutely must be just as beautiful."

Beautiful...

Cai Jingyi covered her mouth and giggled softly as she looked at the bizarre expression on Bai Zemin's face.

The current Bai Zemin was wearing a long black robe embroidered with golden soul thread on the sleeves, collar, and bottom. The buttons were actually precious blood-red rubies coated with magic, but other than that the robe looked too simple for an emperor's robe.

In fact, many people fervently requested him to wear a royal robe of golden Zemin to show his majesty to the whole world as this could be his first and perhaps last "public appearance" for such an important event.

However, Bai Zemin flew into a rage and fiercely refused to wear such clothes. This was his wedding day, an extremely important and happy day for him. Therefore, he would wear clothes that he felt comfortable wearing to perform the ritual and that he could identify with in some way or another.

At that point the conversation basically went:

"But, about majesty..." Bai Delan hesitated.

Bai Zemin replied with a snort, "To hell with majesty!"

And just like that everyone could only let it go and do their best to prepare a luxurious robe but within the standard he had proposed.

By the time it was around 11 p.m., Bai Zemin stood in front of the large mirror in his room and could not help but feel amazed.

The man in front of him had neatly combed white hair, wore a black robe that contrasted perfectly with his hair and the ruby-colored buttons were exactly the color of his eyes. A strong jaw, piercing gaze, sword-shaped eyebrows, broad shoulders, and powerful arms...

To be completely honest, Bai Zemin had not seen his appearance in a long, long time. However, even he felt shocked now that he took his time to appreciate himself.

Tsk, tsk, tsk.... No wonder so many belles want this Daddy. Even I got dumbfounded looking at myself in this mirror not to mention other people.

Bai Zemin couldn't help but become a bit narcissistic. Even with him restraining his charm and slightly modifying his appearance just enough to not look so excellent he was still handsome to the point where he himself found it ridiculous.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Ai! Looks like I'll have to wear iron masks when I go out on the streets from now on else I'll end up causing trials and tribulations for other marriages. My parents fortunately taught me the principle of doing good and never evil or countless ladies would shed tears if they didn't see me every day." Bai Zemin sighed and shook his head.

Cai Jingyi covered her mouth and her shoulders shook, clearly laughing at Bai Zemin's amused narcissism. This was a stark contrast compared to his always serious and indifferent self, but his words also warmed her heart as it was proof of how much he trusted her.

"Woah!" Bai Shilin finally came out of her daze and while staring at the reflection in the mirror she exclaimed with a smile, "Father, you are really very handsome! This time you will definitely make Big Sister Yijun and Bing Xue Mommy love you more and more!"

Bai Zemin almost fell to the ground when he heard this.

He was really having problems regarding some things this time...

But actually, lately he wasn't feeling so annoyed and reluctant regarding the idea of becoming an Emperor with three Empresses.