Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1341 Return

The just-discovered power of the Ancestral Bloodline that Bai Zemin suddenly awakened turned out to be much more terrifying than he anticipated after reading the description of this "skill" from his records.

Unfortunately, this "sword" was too sharp and if a novice tried to wield it they would most likely end up cutting themselves; Bai Zemin himself was proof of that and had he not reacted in time out of pure instinct he probably would have died without a graveyard in the most ridiculous and unreasonable way for someone who survived the apocalypse and the changes in the world.

"But daddy is not someone who will back down just because the road is covered with rocks and holes," Bai Zemin smiled slightly, "Since this power belongs to me it will naturally have to obey me. It's only matter of time until I get used to it, and by then..."

By then, he would have the most terrifying weapon of all.

As he looked at the Rank 3 sword whose Durability was brought straight to 0 with a light flick of his finger covered in purple lightning from his Ancestral Bloodline, Bai Zemin's eyes sparkled brightly.

This was a power that needed to be studied slowly but surely, and Bai Zemin would absolutely devote as much time to it as necessary after witnessing how terrifying it could become.

Now that his active skills were in a mysterious state where they could not be used since his records were "semi-broken", coupled with the fact that he also could not use his strongest trump card -Overlap Regeneration-, Bai Zemin badly needed a trump card strong enough to save his life in times of crisis or to overcome battles he normally could not defeat.

However, that was for another day.

Today was the day he and the love of his life, Lilith, bowed to heaven and earth in search of karmic blessing after taking the most sacred vow two living beings could take.

"I should return." A gentle smile hung at the corner of his mouth at the thought of the beautiful maiden who was probably still sleeping in their marriage bed.

...

It was just as Bai Zemin expected, because when he left the pocket world of the Collector's Pocket Watch he saw that Lilith was still sleeping placidly. Her chest was rising and falling rhythmically, her breath was soft, and her eyes were delicately closed in such a way that her long pale eyelashes fell over her cheekbones like silken curtains.

Although today was going to be the happiest day in both of their lives, Lilith suffered a great mental shock because of her fear when she revealed the whole truth to Bai Zemin; fear of being hated, ostracized, and pushed aside by the man who was more important than her own life in her heart.

Of course, Bai Zemin would never hate her even after knowing the whole truth. At the end of the day, Lilith never hurt him either directly or indirectly no matter if at first her plan was to do so.

One needed to remember that even after having lost a significant amount of levels and deep records, Lilith was a level 400 Fourth Order soul evolver in her own right. In short, she basically would not tire after not sleeping for several months as she was exactly at the boundary point that separated Lower Existences from Higher Existences.

However, Lilith herself was very worried as she was still sleeping even now. It was clear that the mental and sentimental shock she experienced was not small at all.

As Bai Zemin's eyes overflowed with gentleness, a deep pain that he himself did not notice shone in his eyes. 

Suddenly, a deep, elderly voice echoed inside the silent room.

"You have developed a very powerful Heart Demon."

Bai Zemin's expression changed and long before his mind processed what was happening the muscles in his body tightened, instantly going into combat mode out of pure instinct etched into his bones.

"You don't need to be alert, I'm not your enemy... I never could." Said the voice.

A faint crimson colored light shone on Lilith's chest followed by the apparition of a small dot of said color. When the crimson dot appeared, the temperature in the room rose sharply but like an illusion, everything returned to normal the next instant. 

"This is..." Bai Zemin's pupils contracted slightly and an expression of disbelief took shape on his face as he stared at the glowing crimson speck of light.

"A Divine Flame?" he muttered in shock.

How could Lilith have a Divine Flame?

Bai Zemin was absolutely certain that she wasn't hiding it from him! 

However, then what was the thing in front of him? 

More importantly... did the Divine Flame speak?

"Divine Flame? Is that what you call us?" The voice of the Flame of Burning Wrath for some reason sounded awkward.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Despite being confused and surprised, Bai Zemin was no longer that naive young man from the past even though his age had not changed much. He quickly regained his composure and said, "Ten flames capable of killing gods and demons by themselves. If you are not a Divine Flame then what are you?"

The "intelligent spirit" of the Flame of Burning Wrath remained silent for a moment before slowly saying, "It doesn't matter... It doesn't matter what name you give us now. Even though you are you, you are no longer you... I guess it's not wrong to have some changes until every piece falls where it needs to fall."

"What do you mean?" Bai Zemin frowned.

The Flame of Burning Wrath did not answer his question and instead said something completely different: "Child, enter into a Soul Contract with me."

"What?" Bai Zemin opened his eyes wide and subconsciously looked at the sleeping Lilith: "Don't you have a Soul Contract with her? Else how is it possible..."

"I only entered into a Soul Contract with this girl to get to you." The Flame of Burning Wrath interrupted him and calmly explained, "She told me that her partner formed a separate Soul Contract with two Obl... Divine Flames. At first I didn't believe her not only because it is impossible for the soul of those below the... forget it, let's call it Lower Existences. It is impossible for a Lower Existence to form a Soul Contract with what you call a Divine Flame as their soul would collapse immediately. Even powerful Seventh Order Higher Existences can hardly bear it somewhat grudgingly."

Bai Zemin knew that Divine Flames were extremely terrifying "existences", but from the tone of the Flame of Burning Wrath it didn't take him long to realize that everything he knew was still nothing more than a nine oxen's hair.

He couldn't help but smile bitterly as he realized that even after his strength grew so much he was still as ignorant as ever when it came to the vastness of the universe and its mysterious secrets.

The Flame of Burning Wrath continued, "But when I first saw you half a year ago when you were in a coma I finally understood the reason why those two fellows subjected themselves to you subconsciously even in the weakened state they are in."

Bai Zemin already knew that both Endless Blue Lotus Flame and Heaven Devouring Flame had yet to release their full potential. As for why reason they were weakened, he guessed that it was due to having to consume too much energy to maintain themselves after losing their former masters.

"Before you answer me whether you agree to form a Soul Contract with me or not there is one thing I have to warn you about beforehand." Flame of Burning Wrath's voice suddenly became serious. As if it was worried that Bai Zemin wouldn't pay attention to its words, the flame spoke slowly and seriously, "Those two fellows can't even release 20% of their real power; they didn't even recover enough to convey their thoughts and battle techniques to you. But I am different. When you enter into a contract with me your destructive strength will soar to a whole new level to the point that even I can't foresee."

Before Bai Zemin could even feel happy, the Flame of Burning Wrath continued and poured a bucket of cold water over his hot emotions: "Because your Ancestral Bloodline has just awakened and even suffered a strange undiscoverable mutation, our union will result in something I myself don't know about... But what I do know is that you will have to go through a capital baptism where if things go wrong you might even end up reducing those you love the most to ashes."

*************

READ THE AUTHOR'S NOTE JUST BELOW AT THE BOTTOM OF THE PAGE!!!