Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1344 First face-to-face meeting

Many people often could not remember the scenes they dreamed with and the experiences lived in those different worlds every time their bodies rested comfortably in their homes. Even if the dream was a happy one, there was no guarantee that when they woke up in the morning the next day they would be remembered...

...

In a world where darkness ruled supreme, Bai Zemin found himself restrained by golden chains with blood-red veins. The golden chains with blood-red veins were not particularly thick so someone with the power to destroy entire countries like him should be able to break free with ease... to his utter surprise, however, those seemingly fragile chains were so tough that no matter how hard he struggled he simply wasn't able to break free at all.

The most terrifying thing of all was that when Bai Zemin wanted to wake up he was unable to do so... It was as if this world full of darkness was the real world.

"How long are you going to keep turning in denial to yourself?" Said a slightly lazy voice.

Bai Zemin raised his head abruptly and looked intently into the darkness. Despite not being able to see beyond five meters in front of him, he knew someone was there.

More importantly, however, Bai Zemin knew who was there and who was the owner of that voice.

Therefore, his expression only changed for a brief moment before returning to normal.

Tap... Tap... Tap...

The sound of footsteps approaching closer and closer sounded amidst the darkness, making a slight echo in the endless black.

"What a shameful expression you have." Said the voice.

A moment later, a silhouette slowly emerged from the darkness and appeared in front of Bai Zemin.

Bai Zemin's pupils trembled slightly, exposing the emotions in his heart. Although he knew that eventually, something like this could happen, he didn't really expect it to be this soon...

The person who showed up in front of Bai Zemin was almost completely identical to him except for a few differences too big to be overlooked.

The man was tall and extremely handsome to the point of stealing the breath of the living and giving breath to the dead. He wore plate armor as black as a wolf's mouth, a stark contrast to his snow-white hair that flowed like a waterfall down to the bottom of his waist motionless in the absence of wind.

The man's eyes were intensely crimson; as crimson as a demon's and projected a shadow into the heart of anyone who stared at them for too long. His skin was also flawless white and in his uncovered right hand was a spear of the same color as the plate armor except that the spear was covered with several purple streaks.

Despite being surprised, Bai Zemin soon calmed down and his expression remained indifferent.

"Oh? You recovered faster than I expected. Should I congratulate you?" The long white-haired man raised an eyebrow and his mouth curved into a sneer filled with contempt.

As for the man's sneer, Bai Zemin simply stared into the man's eyes without reacting.

The man continued impatiently, "There is little time left before the invasion of the Golden Domain. Originally there was some hope, but because of you 6 months were lost. Do you understand how useless you are now? If you hadn't been so stubborn and let me out I could have easily killed that little shrimp and half a year wouldn't have been wasted in a comatose state."

Bai Zemin closed his eyes slowly and held them that way for a long time before opening them again. He said, "I can finally see you... I always felt you were there, somewhere deep inside me. I tried to communicate with you but you always ignored me."

"How will you feel when the enemy's sword stabs Lilith's heart? Or maybe you will stop being so stubborn when the heads of your parents and your beautiful little sister who has been in love with you since childhood are blown off? Zhong De's death was not enough to put an end to your foolishness and then want more?" the long white haired man seemed not to hear what Bai Zemin said as he continued at his own pace.

"I felt you for the first time over a year and a half ago." Bai Zemin also didn't seem to hear the long white haired man as he also continued at his own pace, "At first I didn't know what you were and was frightened, thinking that something or someone had cast some kind of magic on me to possess my body. It wasn't until the spirit of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius spoke to me that I understood who and what you are."

"You have the most perfect physique, the purest soul, the highest talent... And yet you took a beating from a little Sixth Order trash. All those skills filled with destructive and deadly power can't unleash their true power because you're unwilling to truly let loose; because that stupid pity for the weak holds you back." Said the long-haired man with a slightly enraged expression as a small frown appeared on his perfect face.

"This is the first time we've met... But I'm sure it won't be the last." Bai Zemin sighed and looked at the person before him with his heart full of complicated emotions, "Isn't that right, my Heart Demon?"

Right.

The man who looked 99% the same as Bai Zemin was his Heart Demon.

What is a Heart Demon? According to what Bai Zemin understood, a Heart Demon was a personality created by the individual in an attempt to block or seal out fears, painful memories, and other negative aspects that they instinctively rejected.

Bai Zemin didn't know when it happened with accuracy but he had his own theories about it as to how his Heart Demon was born.

"You are so stupid that you sealed a large portion of the life experiences you lived inside the illusory world created with great effort by the Collector's Pocket Watch!" The long-haired Bai Zemin began to tremble and became more and more furious as his voice rose, "You're such an imbecile! If you'd erase that miserable trace of kindness, if you'd stop holding back...! If you used all those skills the right way you'd already be able to fight face to face against those damned Archangels and Demon Generals!"

Bai Zemin remained silent as he somehow knew that what his Heart Demon said was true. 

The long-haired Bai Zemin pointed to the chains and said in a voice full of disdain, "Those chains were created by myself... Do you know what that means?"

Bai Zemin's expression did not change but a hint of surprise shone in his eyes.

"Heh." The long-haired Bai Zemin sneered, "You are me and I am you, but you reject me and lock me in here. You are me but you cannot even free yourself from my chains even though we both have the same level of power because we are the same person... Bai Zemin, if you are not useless then what are you?"

Seeing that Bai Zemin remained silent, the Heart Demon snorted, "Despite not having our memories of the past it is obvious to anyone with two functioning neurons that we were once a tremendously powerful entity; powerful enough to trample the Golden Domain even. And yet, here you are; holding our body back and showing mercy to some low-born ants."

The long-haired Bai Zemin waved his spear in a seemingly casual motion and a flash of purple light flooded the surroundings as his voice rang out, "Next time we meet I'll let you experience for yourself the difference between you and me. Maybe then you'll let me take control once and for all."

Crack... Crack... Crack...

The seemingly casual movement of the black spear caused countless cracks to spread across the darkness-filled world, just like a mirror cracking more and more.

Bai Zemin's heart thumped fiercely against his chest upon seeing this because he immediately knew that the seemingly casual and easy to perform attack actually carried a kind of law that was very similar, if not the same, as that of his Ancestral Bloodline.

But what Bai Zemin could not believe was that the long-haired Bai Zemin could actually use the power of his Ancestral Bloodline with such a high level of mastery!

'How is this possible...'

Bai Zemin could barely use his Ancestral Bloodline without losing his limbs or exploding but his Heart Demon could actually add that power into weapons and use it so freely!

Before the dark world shattered into pieces, Bai Zemin caught up to hear his Heart Demon's voice once again.

"Even if you don't do it for yourself, do it for the sake of those you love... Or don't you want to protect them?"

...RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Bai Zemin felt a soft pair of lips kissing the left side of his neck, as well as the light, rose breath of a woman lightly brushing against his skin, tempting him greatly.

Under normal circumstances he would be tremendously aroused, but right now he couldn't help but frown slightly as for some reason he felt he was forgetting something very important.

Despite being able to remember having some sort of dream, Bai Zemin could not remember the substance at all no matter how hard he tried.

Although he wanted to stop and think carefully about this matter, those soft and delicate moist lips soon began to kiss his naked torso slowly and tantalizingly...

Fuck it!

This daddy wants to enjoy his delayed wedding night!