Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1346 Flame of Lust** (Part1)

Hero City hovered several kilometers high above Beijing, officially becoming the new capital not only of what used to be China but of the entire Earth.

The citizens of the Transcendent Empire began their day early as usual. As the first rays of sunlight baptized the horizon with its deep red color, the streets became crowded with all kinds of people preparing to continue their lives as before.

In the palace of Hero City, the more than twenty maids carefully selected not only for their beauty and ability but also for their background had a rather carefree life. Since they only had to take care of certain aspects and the number of people living in the large palace did not even reach 10 it was very easy to have time to rest and laze around for a while.

Qin Ming, Bai Zemin's personal maid and the head of the palace maid service corps, was walking down the corridor that would lead her to the grandest room in the palace. She had a faint smile on her beautiful face and her eyes sparkled with happiness as she occasionally shot glances at the silver plate she carried in her hands.

It was past 8:00 a.m. so as she did every day she had already prepared breakfast for her Lord. 

A few minutes later, Qin Ming stopped when he was five meters away from the big door with a confused expression.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"What's that..."

Qin Ming may not have a particularly high level compared to certain elites but she was still a level 49 soul evolver and thus her vision capabilities were much higher than that of any normal human; not to mention that even a normal human would be able to notice what she noticed and was staring at with doubt.

She noticed that, underneath the door, a crystalline liquid of mysterious origin was slowly but surely slipping out. In addition, Qin Ming soon realized that there was also a strange smell wafting around.

Suddenly, Qin Ming's expression changed slightly as a thought flashed through her brain. Her body trembled and her cheeks soon took on a slightly pink hue.

Putting aside those bad days at the beginning of the apocalypse, Qin Ming was an experienced woman in this field. In her thirties, although the number of sexual partners she had was not particularly high, numbering only two, she was quick to understand what was going on.

A faint smile tugged at the corner of her mouth as she muttered to herself, "Looks like my Lord's wedding night was a great success after all."

Thinking that the newlywed couple should be hungry, Qin Ming took a few more steps and stopped in front of the door. Just as she intended to knock on the door to report that breakfast was served, she couldn't help but look down again out of curiosity.

What she saw shook her so much that the silver plate in her hand trembled and she almost fell to the floor.

The small puddle of crystalline liquid she had seen before suddenly grew a little... Not only did it grow, but it became thicker than before!

Those two... They were still at it...!

Startled but most of all extremely astonished, Qin Ming hurriedly backed away with her eyes fixed on the door. It was as if she was staring at a cage in which the wildest and most dangerous of beasts was locked up.

Just when Qin Ming didn't know whether to move forward or backward as her brain was mush, a slightly surprised and slightly envious voice sounded from behind her.

"Aiya~ Our Little Emperor really is trying his best isn't he?"

Qin Ming jumped in fright, sending the breakfast she was carrying flying through the air. Fortunately for her, several gusts of unnatural wind blew from everywhere and managed to save the day before the food fell to the floor.

Qin Ming looked at Shangguan Xinyue in astonishment and opened her mouth to say something but stopped when Shangguan Xinyue waved her hand casually to signal that it was okay.

Shangguan Xinyue's eyes looked at the puddle of mysterious liquid for a moment before she shook her head and turned around with the intention of leaving.

As she watched her slender waist swaying and her small back covered by that beautiful white dress walking away, Qin Ming heard Shangguan Xinyue's envious voice echoing in the hallway.

"It's a good thing the magic runes inside the room are working or else no one could have peace in this place. I really don't want to imagine what a mess that room is right now... Sis Qin Ming, I advise you not to try to call him again today hehe. Aiya~ Our Empress sure is lucky! She's enjoying heaven while I have to calm my child down. I really don't know how to make that boy pay me back later hehe~"

The corner of Qin Ming's mouth trembled fiercely as she stared at the door for a few seconds before fleeing the scene on shaky legs.

...

Let's go back 2 hours before things get out of control.

Lying on the large bed big enough to accommodate 6 people easily, Bai Zemin rested the back of his head on his hands as he enjoyed the service Lilith was gladly offering him.

From his position, he could see two fluffy fox ears along with that long snow-white hair swaying together with the swinging of Lilith's head.

The sound of sucking and slurping echoed throughout the room along with the sound of saliva splattering down his crotch constantly, sliding down onto the bed and soaking the white sheets not long after.

Lilith lifted her head slightly, looking with her big blue eyes into his red eyes that watched her intently. A hint of playfulness shone in her pupils as she sucked hard from the base to the top in such a way that her cheeks caved in. 

With a loud 'POP' echoing through the walls, Bai Zemin's crotch finally released from her sucking mouth as she pulled away. 

Lilith didn't move back as the large tool soaked in her own saliva landed on her face after swinging through the air, directly covering the left half of her face from her chin, nose, eye, and straight down to her forehead; lifting up some of her hair in the process.

"Hehehe... How is it?" She flicked out her tongue playfully and gave several quick licks to the veins of the delicious meat brimming with male power.

Bai Zemin sighed and reached out to stroke the uncovered right side of her face, "You have a heavenly mouth. I really trained you well, don't you think little fox?"

Lilith rolled her eyes and said, "What do you mean you trained me? Say that again and I'll bite you."

As if proving her words, she shook her head sideways and opened her mouth wide. Before Bai Zemin could do anything, Lilith gently latched onto her man's soft but firm meat from the side with her pearly teeth and looked at him with a mocking expression.

Bai Zemin stiffened, not daring to move.

Regardless of the level of a soul evolver, that part would always be the weakness of men and he was no exception. 

As Lilith slid her teeth gently all over the surface from one side to the other, letting Bai Zemin taste a dangerous but exquisite treat he had never felt before. She moved her tongue like a snake and licked every part inside her mouth.

Although Lilith did lose many things related to sex now that she was no longer a succubus, such as the ability to expand her tongue and make it thicker or thinner at will, this did not mean that the amount of pleasure her mouth transmitted to him was any less than before.

It had already been over fifteen minutes since Lilith began pleasuring him with her mouth, and considering her expertise gained through hundreds of hours of practice with him, it was no wonder that Bai Zemin was about to release the pent up pressure in his balls.

Today was about enjoying and not competing so there was no need to hold back.

Feeling the quiver coming from the tool in her mouth and noticing its clear expansion, Lilith's eyes subconsciously went to the two large loaded orbs resting comfortably on the bed. Those two treasures were loaded with male seed, and watching them go up and down, Lilith immediately understood what was happening.

A mischievous glint shone in her blue eyes as a torturous thought crossed her mind and she could no longer push it away.

Bai Zemin closed his eyes and a trace of a smile began to form on his face as he felt the familiar release on its way. Just as he was one step away from heaven, his eyes widened and his face contracted.

"What are you doing?!" he looked down with a furious expression after being dragged into hell.

Lilith gripped the base of Bai Zemin's cock tightly, closing a tight seal on the duct connecting the two sex organs in his crotch. She giggled softly as she felt the weapon under her control wriggling fiercely and swelling, growing even larger than before and becoming a deep red color.

She ignored Bai Zemin as she gazed at the quivering now red organ that looked as if it was glaring back at her furiously and blew a tender but wet kiss on the raging head, whispering in a sweet voice, "Now that you are my husband *kiss* you have to give me so much so much love *kiss* I want all the warm milk *kiss* you have been saving to feed me for this half a year *kiss* inside me *kiss* I have suffered so so sooo much *kiss* during this time you know *kiss* I need you so much *kiss* so much *kiss* ..."

Amazed and stupefied, Bai Zemin watched as his wife talked to his cock at the same time as she kissed him lovingly and lasciviously.