Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1348 Flame of Lust *** (Part 3)

It was evident that Lilith had just experienced a HUGE orgasm.

In fact, as Bai Zemin stared at her in shock he couldn't help but wonder if he had ever seen her cum in such an outrageous way to the point where she literally couldn't stop trembling. The most amazing thing of all was that Lilith clearly wanted to scream from the rooftops but the shock to her brain was such that her voice died directly in her throat.

At that moment, a series of notifications flashed in Bai Zemin's eyes.

[Cyan-colored flame is not available. The benefits of the Ancestral Bloodline are greatly reduced].

[Due to the absence of the Flame of Lust, the Seven Deadly Sins' Sin of Lust cannot begin.]

[The benefits of the Bloodline cannot be fully activated.]

[Due to the partial assimilation of the Perfect Evolution Crystal, each time the user performs acts related to the occult power of the Ancestral Bloodline, the benefits increase x2].

[The sexual pleasure that the user experiences is multiplied x2.]

[The sexual pleasure that the user's partner experiences is multiplied x3. When having intimate relations with the user, the partner/s will go into an inescapable state called "Flame of Lust" which can only be completely quenched by draining the energy through copulation. Should the Flame of Lust not be extinguished, the user's partner(s) could potentially lose their minds. In the process of Flame of Lust, the user's partner(s) will receive a small boost of power through soul refinement].

Ah?

If Bai Zemin was already stupefied by what was happening then those notifications sent him flying into the stratosphere directly.

Just as he was regaining his composure, Lilith's voice sounded in the form of a trembling whisper in his ear.

"Z-Zemin, why.... Why are you stopping?" Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"You... Are you all right?" He looked at her worried and a little surprised.

Lilith's eyes glittered with naked lust as she began to move her waist on her own initiative, writhing like a siren as she curled around him without letting him go, "Do me. Don't stop. That felt insanely delicious!"

Bai Zemin's eyes went dark and all rationality flew straight out the window.

Lilith was the most perfect female he had ever seen, and such a female was seducing him so that he would not stop penetrating her over and over again....

Even priests and cold-blooded angels untouched by temptation would become sinners not to mention a hot-blooded man like him!

Bai Zemin used both hands to free himself from Lilith's legs in an instant. Just as she glared at him with fierce eyes and opened her mouth to complain, he grabbed her legs and pulled them apart while fiercely pushing forward.

"AH!" A huge smile formed on Lilith's face against her will at the same time as she let out a loud cry of joy after being filled to the bottom again.

Bai Zemin threw caution to the wind and began to ram into her with everything he had from the start directly.

Before this he used to worry about her. At the end of the day, in his head was strongly ingrained the common thought that one needed to be gentle during a girl's first time as it was usually natural for them to feel stinging pain at least in the process of penetration. However, even though the white sheets had gained a few drops of blood as proof that Lilith's purity had just been torn to shreds, he no longer feared hurting her.

In fact, Lilith was moaning and yelling so loudly that even if she didn't have that big smile on her delighted face it would still be easy to realize that she was having the time of her life!

"More, give me more!" Lilith demanded like an insatiable animal as her hands tore through the sheets beneath her, squealing and squirting with her whole body trembling fiercely.

Bai Zemin, delighted, obeyed.

He squatted down and bent Lilith's legs until he brought them to the level of her shoulders. In this position it was much easier for him to move the way he wanted to and it was also simpler for him to reach parts that couldn't be touched simply by getting to the bottom of the tunnel.

"So deep...!" Lilith tilted her head back and expelled the air from her lungs with a heavy gasp.

"Naughty little fox... I'm going to fuck you until you pass out." Bai Zemin whispered in her ear and before she had a chance to say anything he moved his hips backwards.

With a hard downward swing and still grabbing onto her legs, Bai Zemin felt his balls smacking her ass so hard that the two white buttocks wiggled fiercely like ripples of water caused by rocks tormenting the peace of a lake.

The female's high-pitched moans and squeals echoed throughout the room nonstop. The splashing of liquids flying uncontrollably added to the rhythmic, swift sound of two bodies banging relentlessly, shaping a symphony of irresistible lust.

"You like it?" Bai Zemin growled, unloading a fresh load directly inside her. He didn't stop at all despite having just reached his climax but continued to pound into his wife in such a way that his waist became a ghostly blur.

"I like it. I LOVE IT SO MUCH!" Lilith purred and nodded as if she had gone mad.

In fact, Lilith was experiencing a level of pleasure unimaginable even to Bai Zemin himself who was the one blessing her.

This pleasure that drove her to act in such a wild and borderline stupid way was not only physical.

[Your soul is purified and your records get slightly stronger: All natural stats +5.]

[Your soul is purified and your records get slightly stronger: All natural stats +5.]

[Your soul is purified and your records get slightly stronger: All natural stats +5.]

[Your soul is purified and your records get slightly stronger: All natural stats +5.]

[Congratulations! You have just received the master records containing DNA molecules of an extremely pure and powerful Ancestral Bloodline! All your natural stats increase by +20 points!]

...

The physical pleasure coupled with the pleasure of having her soul strengthened and purified was not something a person could imagine even if someone explained it to them.

In fact, the pleasure Lilith was experiencing was quite possibly the highest level of pleasure there was and probably the only person in history to this day to have ever received such treatment.

Every time she reached the peak of pleasure, her stats received a +5 point boost as her most impure records were purified and then sublimated. Furthermore, as if this was not enough, Lilith received a great increase in power every time Bai Zemin released his sperm deep inside her.

It came to a point where Lilith almost disconnected from the real world; that's how powerful and great was the pleasure that the man she married and vowed to spend the rest of her life with was giving her.

The things she cried out, demanding and pleading to him, were words so filthy and depraved that if anyone else heard them they would blush from head to toe in a heartbeat.

Fortunately for the perverted little fox who had sunk deep into desire and pleasure, Bai Zemin was more than willing and happy to serve him.

Bai Zemin was experiencing a heavenly level of pleasure and was delighted, but that was not all.

He didn't realize when exactly but at some point he came to notice that his vitality lost due to the excessive and reckless use of Overlap Regeneration during his battle against the Sixth Order basilisk, and which until now he had no idea how to regain, was slowly but surely starting to rise.

********

A/N: For the perverted ones... Don't worry about the fact that these chapters are not "dirty" enough as there will be many more to come from now on. At this point I want to move forward with the story!