Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1349 A New Storm, A New Opportunity

-In a place where for some reason there was never any sunlight and only bright stars could be seen in the sky.

The air here was extremely pure and occasionally a light breeze blew, bringing with it an extremely pleasant and addictive smell of nature. Sitting in lotus position, a humanoid figure whose features and gender were unknown as a layer of purple light covered its outline stayed motionless in front of a not very large lake of crystalline water.

An unknown amount of time later, a red light shone into the bamboo forest. The red silhouette walked without hiding its aura towards the purple silhouette and only stopped when they were 10 meters away.

The red silhouette was precisely the spiritual ghost of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius.

Sirius silently watched the purple silhouette who seemed oblivious to his arrival. Although at this moment he was but a residual ghost of energy left on this side of the cosmos many years ago, complex emotions shone in those bloodthirsty and ferocious eyes.

Sirius was an extremely proud existence; always had been.

Wherever he made an appearance he was always the focus, and therefore never felt admiration for another person. However, there was one existence that he did respect greatly.

That being was precisely the purple silhouette in front of him.

Gratitude, fear, respect, pity, admiration...

So many powerful emotions, some of which came into conflict with each other, added up to form a strange feeling that the Heavenly Wolf himself was never able to fully understand.

An unknown amount of time later, Sirius noticed the purple light around that silhouette grow brighter and it brought him out of his inner thoughts.

"You're back?" he asked, his voice was hoarse and deep to the point of imposing fear upon the others.

The purple silhouette stood calmly and with transcendental elegance before turning to face him.

Although the purple silhouette only reached the chest of the mighty Heavenly Wolf in terms of height, he could not help but feel as if he had a mountain facing him. This was not due to the other party's power, it was because of the courage that small body hid inside a seemingly cold heart that was aloof and uncaring of everything and everyone.

"How much energy do you have left?" The purple silhouette asked after a brief silence. Its voice sounded strange, neither masculine nor feminine in particular yet somehow comfortable to the ears nonetheless.

Sirius was silent for about a minute before replying with a hint of bitterness, "I've been pretty active here lately and was even forced to chase those fellows away earlier. This spiritual ghost was supposed to be able to exist for one more calamity cycle, that is 1 million years, but now hopefully it will be 20 years. Those 20 years will only be possible if I go into temporary hibernation, otherwise much less depending on the amount of energy consumed in different actions."

Suddenly, Heavenly Wolf Sirius realized something and with a noticeable change of emotion in his voice asked hurriedly, "You... How much time do you have left?! You never went into hibernation before but just now you...!"

The purple silhouette remained silent for a moment before sighing softly, "I recently encountered some sort of disturbance so I was forced to let the Ring of the God of Creation consume some of my power. Unfortunately, an item like the Ring of the God of Creation is beyond what we can understand; ten calamity cycles of power turned into barely 2% power for the ring. I can only last 50 years at most... and just like with you, those 50 years will only happen if I stay calm."

If not for the fact that Sirius' spiritual ghost was something left behind by him many years ago, a special medium and not an actual living being, his pupils would have contracted fiercely.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"What... But why?! The Ring of the God of Creation is one of the 10 Primordial Objects which were born together with the universe; they even surpass the God-grade objects on a whole tier! Even knowing that, you..."

"It's fine," The purple figure interrupted him and calmly continued, "It's not like we're really going to die as only these two spirits we left behind will disappear. Besides, didn't you say so yourself half a year ago? This time will be the last."

Sirius was silent for a long time before nodding heavily.

Actually, he did know it too. He knew that this time would be the last chance they had.

If they failed then there was no need to keep trying after the Perfect Evolution Crystal got damaged... and considering the rate at which things were moving, even 10 years was a long time not to mention 20 or 50 years.

Both sides remained silent until Sirius broke it again.

"The Vermillion Bird Sect's barrier won't last much longer. Ten years at best I'm afraid, though it could be even less." His husky voice now had a tinge of exhaustion and sadness rarely seen as he said, "The consumption of Immortal Essences is... colossal, to say the least. In this half year there have been 3 small allied sects massacred."

"Then with greater reason," The purple silhouette sighed and said, "Let this time be the last... We can only hope for the best."

Sirius nodded, and after a short pause asked softly, "How's your situation there...?"

"It's... complicated." The purple silhouette replied without giving much information, but in the ears of the Heavenly Wolf those words actually said a lot. "The feeling of hatred and the thirst for revenge restrained for countless generations are really hard to hold back. Especially recently... I can barely keep them from going out and wreaking a massacre so I don't know how much more they can endure that immense thirst for blood."

Sirius lowered his head and said nothing, but his fists were clenched so tightly that his whole body trembled; proof of how furious he was inside but with nowhere to vent.

Although the conversation between the two of them seemed normal, the truth was that it wasn't. 

The purple silhouette usually never spoke and only listened during the short, sparse moments when Sirius appeared there. In fact, this was the second time the two talked "so much" since they first met so many years ago.

Although on this side of the universe the two were supreme and peerless existences, the truth was that they were both having a lot of trouble and both faced the prospect of being obliterated at any moment against an overwhelmingly superior enemy.

It was precisely because they were both standing on the same side and fighting for the same faction that they were able to cooperate like this, as coincidentally they both met the only two but almost improbable to occur requirements necessary to meet and work together.

The first requirement was to have a spiritual ghost on this side of the universe; something that could no longer happen because of complicated reasons. 

The second requirement, however, was the most complicated... To have a relationship with Bai Zemin so deep that they would not hesitate to go out of their way to support him as long as it did not hurt him in the long run. It did no good to help him today if that help would become an obstacle tomorrow and the days that followed.

"Sirius, I need you to help me with something." Said the purple silhouette suddenly.

"Uh?" Sirius looked at it in astonishment as this was the first time since they had met that it asked for his help. He quickly nodded and said with enthusiasm, "Of course! You and I are family and... and he owes you a lot; we owe you a lot. I'll help you with anything!"

The purple silhouette said nothing but waved its right hand in a seemingly casual but graceful motion. A golden glow shone from its ring finger, and before Heavenly Wolf knew it they were both teleported to an unfamiliar place.

"Mhm?" Sirius looked around in confusion and asked, "What did we come here for?"

"I don't know if fate really is on our side and doesn't want the debts of the past to stay unpaid or if it's just a coincidence but... this is a great opportunity for us. Precisely because it is a unique opportunity that will never happen again that I did not hesitate to consume the power of this spiritual ghost to feed the Ring of the God of Creation." Said the purple silhouette indifferently.

"Unique opportunity?" Sirius muttered, confused.

Suddenly, however, his whole body shook as if realizing something and he began to burst out laughing like a maniac.

"Hahahahahaha! Right! With everything that's been going on I totally forgot about the Secret Twilight Realm! If that little brat can get in there, regardless of whether he gets anything or not, being able to absorb the Golden Domain's heavenly energy will be profit enough!"

Sirius couldn't have been happier.

In fact, he hadn't been this happy in tens of thousands of years!

The purple silhouette turned a blind eye to Sirius' excitement, and in a tone of voice that Heavenly Wolf could not hear, muttered, "One of the ten Divine Artifacts of Primordial Chaos, the Time Severing Sword which fell during the Twilight of the Gods... If that person can get it then..."

For the first time in a very long time, a hint of excitement leaked out of that heart that had been suffering so much pain and hardship for countless ages.

Dangerous? It was. Very.

But this opportunity was too important to miss.