Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1350 Running into the naughty mother

Back on Earth, precisely speaking back to Hero City which hovered about 500 meters above the Beijing City.

Bai Zemin had no idea that while he consummated his marriage with Lilith both physically and spiritually there were two terrifying existences planning something huge that involved him.

In fact, even if he knew about it he probably wouldn't care about it in this moment of his life. As for the reason... he simply wasn't in a position to care about other things right now.

It had been about 10 hours since he and Lilith lost their virginity. During those 10 hours, neither he nor she stopped the movement of their bodies (their hips in particular) for even a brief moment as even during the changes of position they continued indulging in carnal pleasure while giving even more pleasure to their partner.

Ten hours of sex was certainly inhuman. For those high-level supreme soul evolvers who could destroy entire countries with their devastating attacks, however, ten hours was still within the range of acceptable, although barely.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin's Stamina stat was overwhelmingly monstrous, to say the least.

In fact, Lilith's Stamina stat was also abnormally high. Coupled with the fact that she greatly surpassed Bai Zemin in terms of levels, the two were more or less even.

However...

"Zemin... Please I... I really can't take it anymore." Lilith, who ten hours ago was joking and laughing merrily, uttered barely in a whisper.

It wasn't that she didn't want to speak louder... it's just that she had no more energy!

Lying on the bed without being able to move even a single finger, soaked in her own feminine fluids and those of her partner, Lilith formed herself into a ball like a little kitten and absolutely refused to even open her eyes.

"I..." Bai Zemin opened his mouth but then closed it as he saw her body suffering spasms even after he stopped. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

He looked down at his crotch and seeing his younger brother little Zemin as lively as ever he couldn't help but smile wryly.

Lilith put in a superhuman amount of effort to open her eyes a slim opening. She saw that he was still as energetic as at first and a hint of panic shone in her sapphire eyes for the first time.

"Zemin, sorry... I really can't take it anymore." Lilith tried to sit up but even the slightest movement was difficult for her. She had never felt so exhausted for as long as she could remember, as even when she was a small child she had never had such a high level of fatigue.

The pleasure she experienced during intercourse was... simply transcendental.

Regardless of whether feeling so much pleasure was normal or not, Lilith felt as if every climax she experienced sucked part of her soul out of her so now she needed rest badly.

"I... It's alright." Bai Zemin nodded and tried to smile but it was obvious that his smile was quite forced.

He used Blood Manipulation, of the few intact active skills he had left, and in an instant the blood rushing to his crotch stopped. Although little Zemin indeed calmed down, however, the lust coursing through his veins was not that easy to appease.

Lilith felt her eyes closing so she knew it was only a matter of seconds before she would fall completely asleep. In a low, weak voice, she whispered exhaustedly, "Really... You should get little sister Yijun and that little bitch to bed... I... I'm afraid I won't be enough."

Bai Zemin stared at her speechlessly but before he could say anything he noticed that she had already fallen completely asleep.

If it was before this he might have laughed, but given the circumstances...

At this point Bai Zemin was about 80% satisfied, which was pretty good. However, one needed to remember that he was only level 200 and Lilith had the highest level a Lower Existence could reach... When he grew more in the future, that 80% satisfaction would definitely plummet rapidly.

Moreover, considering the fact that Bai Zemin became tremendously more powerful with each Order he surpassed to the point where it was difficult to relate him to the previous one, even he could not imagine what kind of sexual monster he might end up becoming...

At least now it was clear that it was simply impossible for Lilith to give him total satisfaction and this had nothing to do with her being useless or anything like that... It was simply a matter of natural facts such as physical difference and spiritual purity.

Bai Zemin pushed to the back of his mind what Lilith said to him before falling asleep and then looked around with a bitter smile.

"This... What a big mess..."

Let's not mention the bed...

The walls, the floor, the furniture, the windows, the curtains, the carpet, the fireplace... and let's not mention the bed, again.

Everything was a wet mess with semitransparent and white liquids everywhere. Except for the ceiling, the whole room had become a battle-scarred war zone.

The smell of sex in there was so strong that literally every time he breathed in his nose acted as a vacuum cleaner, sucking in pheromones whose function was none other than turning him on to lustful acts.

He stood up and walked to the windows. After opening the panes from side to side, he activated Air Manipulation and began to air out the room as much as he could but even after a long time it became clear that this last trace would have to be taken out with a little extra work which Bai Zemin himself was simply not willing to do.

"Sex is really a dirty act..." he muttered to himself as he put some clothes on over himself and left the room, but not before covering Lilith's body with clean sheets.

Bai Zemin hadn't walked far as after a few turns inside the palace he came upon one of the beautiful maids who worked there.

"You, wait a moment please."

The black haired beauty stopped in surprise but when she turned to see who was calling her and saw Bai Zemin's face she quickly lowered her head with the intention of bowing.

Bai Zemin stopped her and said quickly, "Do you know where Qin Ming is? I..."

But he suddenly stopped dead in his tracks not knowing what to say... Was he supposed to tell this woman that he needed help getting that room cleaned? He honestly didn't dare; he might die of embarrassment.

But if he didn't then how was he going to get through this...?

"Your Majesty?" The beauty looked at him with a cute expression of confusion as she saw the strange expression on his face.

"I..." Bai Zemin took a deep breath and put on a smile uglier than crying, "N-No... It's nothing. Just forget about it and go on with your business."

Saying that, he waved goodbye to the cutie and left without looking back almost as if he was running away from the place.

Yet again, he didn't get very far as he soon ran into the person he probably wanted to see the least in this moment.

"Father!"

Wearing white clothes as usual, Bai Shilin ran up to Bai Zemin and hugged him warmly. Her big ink-black eyes shone with loving emotion and admiration every time she stared at him.

Bai Zemin stroked the girl's silky silver hair and a glint of affection shone in his eyes. Bai Shilin naturally wasn't the person he didn't want to see... it was the person who came with her!

Shangguan Xinyue looked behind Bai Zemin as if looking for something, but when she found nothing she looked at him with funny eyes. She suddenly asked, "If it is not inconvenient for you to answer, would you mind telling me where our Empress is? It's a bit peculiar for the Emperor to be alone right after getting married don't you think?"

"She..." Bai Zemin glared at her as he did not know what to say. But seeing Bai Shilin's inquisitive look he could only bite the bullet and said, "She's sleeping... She needs to rest."

"Eh?" Bai Shilin, innocent as always, said in shock, "Lilith mom has been sleeping since last night? She sure must be really very tired to sleep that much!"

Cough! Cough! ...

Bai Zemin coughed twice and nodded with an uncomfortable smile.

What else could he do? He could only keep quiet...

Shangguan Bing Xue's mother looked him up and down several times as if she was analyzing some newly discovered species. Suddenly, her lips curved into a playful little smile and she folded her arms as she said, "I see.... I guess our great Empress must be really VERY exhausted, isn't she? By the way, a few hours ago I saw a mysterious water-like liquid sliding out of your room. I think Your Majesty will want to have it checked out."

"Liquids? What liquids?" Bai Shilin asked with sparkling eyes.

Shangguan Xinyue closed her eyes and opened her mouth intending to answer but was interrupted by Bai Zemin immediately.

"Shangguan Xinyue, do you believe me when I tell you that I will turn your butt red if you keep talking?" He gazed at her earnestly and said through gritted teeth.

"No, I don't believe you." Shangguan Xinyue's mother shrugged, still with her eyes closed and her arms folded. She looked like a great queen who knew no fear, glaring disdainfully at the whole world.

Bai Zemin leaned forward and said in a low voice, "No? Try it then. Who knows; maybe you are one of those who get to enjoy the punishment. In that case wouldn't we see more of that mysterious liquid?"

Shangguan Xinyue's eyes widened upon hearing his tone of voice and this time she did not immediately retort but stared at him for a couple of seconds in silence as if she wanted to see how serious those words were.

Finally, she snorted and said in a whisper, "And to think that a boy even younger than my daughter would threaten to spank me... The world really reached its end."

While Bai Shilin looked at them in bewilderment, Bai Zemin secretly sighed in relief.

Despite being over 40 years old, Shangguan Xinyue was like a teenage brat who loved to see the world on fire!