Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1352 The Age of the Gods and the Four Divine Clans...

"Did you manage to decipher it? In its entirety? Does that mean you have a way to open that door?" Bai Zemin asked question after question like an excited child and even grabbed both of Kali's hands gently, gazing at her intently with sparkling eyes.

Kali made no comment regarding his intimate movement. To begin with, Bai Zemin often tucked her into bed when it was sleeping time so something as minor as holding hands was really insignificant in comparison.

"I did manage to decipher all the runes that make up the magic circle, actually." Kali nodded but then shook her head and said slowly, "But I'm afraid it's impossible to open that thing. Not only now but even in the future no one will be able to open it."

Bai Zemin's excitement immediately dulled and his bright expression darkened after hearing Kali's words. What affected him the most was that the girl said what she said using a tone of voice that was as indifferent yet confident.

Still, he was not willing to give up easily. In fact, Bai Zemin was not willing to give up regardless of the difficulty.

"Could you explain to me what it's all about?" he asked after a minute or two of silence.

Kali turned her wheelchair, approaching the door slowly. The inside of the room was dimly lit with a warm golden color coming from the magic circle inscribed on the surface of the door, so seen from behind she seemed to be advancing toward the doorway to heaven.

"In fact, luck played a very important role in my being able to understand the depths of this magic circle. Had it not been for some ancient books found in the royal palace of Oblon World, as well as some unorthodox magic, I fear it would have been impossible for me to succeed." She stopped just 5 meters away from the golden magic circle and said, "This magic circle has hundreds of different runes, but each and every one of them are attack type runes that complement each other. I don't know how powerful an Eighth Order Higher Existence is, but I'm 80% certain that even they would be wiped out of existence if they dared to attack this door."

Even the Leaders of the factions of Higher Existences would die?

Bai Zemin's expression changed slightly, while Cai Jingyi and Nangong Lingxin looked at each other in shock.

Everyone in the secret room knew that the strongest person in the Transcendent faction was none other than Bai Zemin. However, even he fell into a coma after facing a Sixth Order Higher Existence in battle.

More importantly; Bai Zemin only won that battle because he received a lot of help in the process. Otherwise the outcome would most likely have been different than it was.

Suddenly, Bai Zemin realized something and said quickly: "Kali, earlier you said that you deciphered this magic circle but just now you said that all its runes are attack runes. When you said you deciphered it you didn't mean something this simple, did you?"

Indeed, Kali nodded and said in an indifferent voice, "If it was just identifying the types of runes I wouldn't have called you urgently. I happened to discover something interesting in partnership with Meng Qi."

Meng Qi? His younger sister?

Bai Zemin was surprised. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Kali continued regardless of his surprise, "In the only secret room of Oblon World's royal palace, a place built in such a way that not even the tiniest ounce of mana could pass through, we found a single manuscript. This manuscript is in terrible shape; its pages turned yellowed, the ink on the lettering is so faded you could barely call it legible, and it's even clear that dozens of pages were torn out by someone or simply lost for some reason in the river of time."

Saying that, Kali suddenly moved one of her arms back and rummaged with her small hand in the space between her back and the back of the wheelchair.

Bai Zemin, Cai Jingyi, and Nangong Lingxin watched as Kali pulled out a thin book with little more than 10 pages. The protective cover of the book was thick, suggesting that just as Kali mentioned before, there was a time when this book had to be at least several hundred pages long.

Kali turned the wheelchair to face him and extended the old book in his direction. Using Air Manipulation, Bai Zemin caught the book in the wind flow and the first thing he felt when his hands came in contact with the book was an incredibly heavy ancient aura.

Subconsciously, he lowered his head and saw some engravings/letters that he had never seen in his life. However, to his utter disbelief and shock, from inside his mouth came a few words that echoed inside the silent subterranean room.

"The Age of the Gods and the Four Divine Clans..."

Kali frowned abruptly when she heard him mumbling those words. With a slightly confused expression, she asked, "So you can understand that language? I didn't know you learned the same skill that Meng Qi has."

"Uh?" Bai Zemin's eyes widened in shock at the realization of what had just happened.

Right...

How... How could he possibly understand those words even though he had clearly never studied the language they were written in?

Besides...

Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt his mood sank and almost jumped in surprise as the intense urge to go on an indiscriminate rampage began to flow through his blood.

It took him a long time to regain his composure.

While Nangong Lingxin and Cai Jingyi stood not far away uncomprehending, Kali frowned deeply.

Kali's eyes might be closed and the world around her might not be visible to her. However, she was the one who could see most deeply when it came to important things; and just now she was seeing Bai Zemin's soul stirring strangely, flickering off and on in irregular flashes.

An unknown amount of time later, Bai Zemin took a deep breath and for some reason his hand trembled as he opened the cover of the old book.

Because there were many pages missing, the vast majority in fact, it was difficult to tell what part of the book this was or what page number it actually was. However, it was the first page of the incomplete book.

Regardless, Bai Zemin read inside: "Divided into five zones, the Great Primordial Chaos is almost under the total control of the Four Divine Clans. Except for the mysterious and dangerous Southern Chaos, the other four zones are but the backyard of the Gods."

"Ruling to the north is the Moon God Clan, composed mostly of beautiful goddesses... To the east resides the prestigious Sun God Clan whose attack-type powers are among the most potent... The Western Chaos is under the control and protection of the powerful God of Creation Clan with the ability to control the laws and nature itself, including time and space... And lastly, located in the Central Chaos, the Oblivion God Clan whose destructive power is the most terrifying among the Four Divine Clans despite not being able to use any laws, unlike the other three."

There were many pages missing in between each clan, which was a pity since Bai Zemin thought there would probably be a more detailed description of each Divine Clan there. Even then, he was happy to be able to understand the universe he lived in a little better.

It soon became apparent to Bai Zemin that whoever wrote this book had to be someone with great status in the past. This was because the information described below could not have been learned by an ordinary person.

"For some reason, the Sun God Clan and the Oblivion God Clan who until recently got along so well began to suffer hostile clashes towards the other..."

"What...? I can't believe what I learned today! So the reason why the Sun God Clan and the Oblivion God Clan had friction recently is because..."

"The entire Golden Domain is in a joyous state! One of the princes of the Oblivion God Clan will soon engage with the highest talent and the number 1 beauty in our Immortal History! This could bring us one step closer to the realm that exists beyond the Heaven Merging realm!"

"Qi Accumulation..."

"Blood Condensation..."

"Tendon Hardening..."

"Bone Forging..."

"Meridian Widening..."

...