Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1354 The bamboo forest beyond the door: LN & LLY ... (Part 2)

Actually, Bai Zemin did not really leave but played a little trick to deceive the three girls.

Given the difference in power between the two sides, deceiving Cai Jingyi and Nangong Lingxin was something Bai Zemin could do without much difficulty. However, deceiving Kali was a completely different matter.

Unlike 99.99% of soul evolvers, Kali did not use her eyes as her main sense to perceive her surroundings. Furthermore, she was the only existence within Bai Zemin's knowledge with the ability to see the souls of other living beings.

Putting aside the fact that Bai Zemin's Invisibility skill was unavailable as were most of his active skills, even if he could use this skill it would be of no use against someone who did not rely on the five general senses unless, maybe, the skill were upgraded to its highest level.

Bai Zemin squatted down and touched the drops of red blood with his hand.

A few seconds later he sighed and raised his head, looking with complicated emotions at the magic circle in front of him.

When it came to runes and arrays or formations, Kali was undoubtedly millions of times more capable than he was. However, Kali was still just a little child barely entering her adolescence.

Thanks to recovering the memories of his experiences in the illusion created by the Collector's Pocket Watch, Bai Zemin was very knowledgeable about a wide range of things.

Kali had focused so much on the magic circle that she neglected the rest of the room, and next to the teleportation portal whose function was to allow entry and exit to the hidden room was a single rune that Bai Zemin managed to recognize.

It was a time-based delay rune.

The purpose of this rune was to protect whatever was beyond the door in such a way that once a certain amount of time passed one would need to wait a certain amount of time in order to deactivate the protective magic circle.

Bai Zemin waited standing silently for about half an hour when some changes finally occurred.

The glowing golden colored magic circle suddenly began to flicker intermittently. Between each flicker, the light of the circle became weaker and weaker.

A few seconds later, the magic circle had half gone out.

Bai Zemin frowned slightly when he saw this as he certainly did not expect something like that. However, the frown on his face soon disappeared without a trace. If he hadn't had that talk with the Flame of Burning Wrath yesterday, he most likely would have had to leave with his head down.

Now, however...

Bai Zemin waved his left hand and with lightning-like speed made a long cut on his right palm. His blood flew in the form of tiny droplets with the power of a torrent of bullets, impacting all over the magic circle one after another.

"Two types of blood detected."

Bai Zemin subconsciously jumped back and raised several defensive shields around him. His eyes were icy as he gazed into the flickering magic circle.

The voice came from there.

"Oblivion God Clan's Ancestral Blood successfully absorbed.... One of the detected blood types does not belong to the Moon God Clan but its mysterious origin is higher than that of the gods... Seal lifted."

Rumble...

Bai Zemin staggered as the entire hidden room began to tremble intensely.

The golden magic circle released an intense red light and thereafter turned completely black without a trace of light or energy inside. As the power of the runes turned off the trembling room went back to normal.

Bai Zemin let out a faint sigh of relief when he saw that everything stopped. It wasn't until now that he realized he was drenched in sweat.

This time it was really dangerous... If Bai Zemin's bet turned out to be wrong then there was at least a 95% chance of dying because of the magic circle.

"But I did win it."

Bai Zemin advanced without hesitation and with some pressure managed to move the stone door aside. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

At first he saw nothing but darkness, but when he looked more carefully he noticed a thin veil falling from above in such a way that he could not see beyond it. This type of magic was one that Bai Zemin was completely unaware of but somehow he knew what its function was.

Stepping forward, his body stepped unimpeded through that black veil and he finally saw what lay beyond the mysterious door.

Bai Zemin froze in his tracks when he saw the sight.

A bamboo-filled forest several kilometers in diameter swayed before his eyes. Gusts of the most natural and pure air he had ever felt blew through the bamboo trees, making their thin, long trunks dance delicately back and forth.

High above his head, a moonless starry sky shone brightly. The multicolored lights of the hundreds of thousands of stars twinkled vividly, almost as if greeting the new visitor after an indeterminate amount of time in solitude.

It was like a small hidden world inside the Earth.

What was most surprising was that although this was clearly the first time he was in this place, Bai Zemin began to walk with a confused but evident destination in his steps. In addition, he walked without hesitation and with his guard completely down in this mysterious unknown place but which somehow gave him that unmistakable feeling of familiar warmth.

The bamboo forest was not particularly large. If Bai Zemin so wished he could walk through it from end to end in a matter of blinks of an eye. For some reason, however, he wanted to walk slowly like an ordinary mortal.

Because he took his time, Bai Zemin only got to where his feet wanted to take him almost an hour after entering.

This place was a clearing about half a kilometer in diameter. A lake barely 100 meters in circumference filled with crystal clear water was exactly in the center of the clearing, and a few meters from the lake was a small hut built out of bamboo.

Bai Zemin's eyes grew watery as he could not take his eyes off the small bamboo hut.

This small bamboo hut that was clearly built by someone inexperienced and was so full of flaws... It didn't even have precious materials in it and clearly only ordinary bamboo trees were used to build it.... Then why...

Bai Zemin's heart felt as heavy as iron and he didn't know why.

He had never felt like this in his entire life. Never.

There was only one feeling similar to this in the past and that was when he was younger, when Feng Tian Wu and his back then best friend played a bad joke on him. However, even that event that led him to break down once did not bring him such overwhelming sadness as he felt now.

With his body drenched in sweat and his pupils fully dilated, Bai Zemin walked towards the small lake and stopped dead in his tracks next to a jade-green stone. The jade-colored stone was only big enough for a person to sit on. Furthermore, Bai Zemin could feel thin traces of someone's aura surrounding it.

Evidently, someone had been sitting there for a long time. Besides, that someone had even been there a few hours ago.

Bai Zemin seemed to have turned into a robot as he automatically turned and walked towards the hut. He didn't even notice that a single tear fell down his face and splashed onto the jade stone as he turned around.

With a trembling hand, Bai Zemin opened the wooden door after much hesitation. What's more, as if he didn't want the aura inside the bamboo hut to disperse, he quickly closed the door behind him without even looking inside first.

The inside of the hut, to no one's surprise, was as small as the outside.

In what seemed to be the living room there was a purple carpet next to a red one. In addition to the two carpets there was also a small wooden table, and on top of the small wooden table was a tiny, extremely old-looking book covered with the skin of some unknown animal.

Bai Zemin hesitated a little but then picked up the small book, and with all the care in the world began to glance through its few pages.

It was an illustrated book intended for small children. In fact, it was obvious that this was a book hand-drawn by a small child.

In the book, there was a brave warrior with long red hair wielding a spear, as well as a princess dressed in purple and even her hair was a dark shade of purple to the point of being mistaken for black. There was also a man dressed in a golden robe and red hair similar to the young man who seemed to be scolding the spear-wielding young, but the spear-wielding young raised his middle finger in response and then took the purple dressed princess away.

"Hahaha..." Bai Zemin didn't know why but he suddenly felt his mood improve as he looked at the by no means attractive drawings with bright eyes.

After putting the drawing book back in its place, Bai Zemin looked at the only two doors inside the bamboo hut and the first thing he saw were two small wooden signs hanging on each of them.

The sign on one of the doors had the following words written on it in a beautiful and noble purple color as well as extremely elegant printing: "Luo Ningshuang's room."

As for the other one...

It was evidently written by a guy, and this guy was a careless barbarian because not only was his handwriting sloppy but he didn't even take the time to write the full name.

"LLY's room." Bai Zemin mumbled under his breath.