Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1356 Chaos grade cultivation technique: Heaven's Collapse (Part 1)

-In some unknown region of the universe.

Two silhouettes, one crimson and the other purple, hovered silently in front of a cumulus of destructive energy. 

The destructive energy was like a multicolored cloud of poisonous gas capable of turning anything that dared to venture into it into a corpse. In the middle of the cloud-like cumulus of energy, white dragon-shaped lightning bolts could be seen flashing around the core.

It was evident that something big had just happened in this place, as the space law between dimensions was extremely chaotic and thus its weaknesses were much more evident than under normal circumstances.

"... This is all I can do. More and I fear that my avatar will truly disappear forever." Said the crimson wolf-like silhouette. His voice was weak and contained a hint of hidden bitterness as he said, "Using Manipulation type skills really drains too much life energy..."

The purple silhouette nodded and said in a low voice, "That's more than enough, Sirius. Thank you for your hard work. Now step back please."

"Be careful. Remember not to overdo things or we'll really be in trouble." Sirius nodded and quickly put distance between the two, moving away in an instant over fifty kilometers.

The purple silhouette looked over her shoulder and nodded once she was sure Sirius' distance was about right. 

Turning her attention back to the front, the purple silhouette used her thumb to stroke the underside of the rust covered ring placed on her ring finger.

"It'll be a short while before it's all over. Whether for better or for worse. I promise that very soon I will let you rest, just as I promised you so many years ago." She murmured softly.

In response to her beautiful voice capable of bewitching even mermaids, the rusted ring released a faint, almost indistinguishable flash of silver light that lasted less than a blink of an eye.

The purple silhouette took a deep breath and gracefully, in a slow motion, lifted her slender arm forward.

Rumble...!

Such a simple gesture made the stars light years away tremble as space folded and twisted uncontrollably. The distance between the stars and the purple figure became smaller and smaller as space repeatedly folded like a sheet of paper resulting in two distant points becoming closer and closer together.

"In the name of the God of Order; reduce and close the distance between my being and the place where the twilight shone upon the Gods of the old days.... Gate of Twilight!"

The elegant yet full of unquestionable power voice resounded, bringing with it the aura of a ruler whose words could not be disobeyed in any way. The rusty ring glowed brighter than ever in the last millions of years with such intentionality that the silver color of its light covered an area equivalent to a medium-sized world in an instant.

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

...

The accumulation of gas in the shape of a multicolored cloud twisted strangely and the white lightning dragons roared furiously. Space law and the laws that governed over dimensions seemed to awaken offended at the audacity of the one attempting to dominate them.

Sirius watched from a relatively short distance as the silver light from the ring grew more intense until in a few seconds it became completely golden. As the golden light burned brighter than the sun, the rebellious laws began to calm down until they finally became obedient newborn kittens.

"As expected of the Ring of the God of Order; the object of chaos capable of controlling at the will of its user practically any universal law." Sirius sighed in admiration.

Bending space to close distances was easy relatively speaking. Anyone with some level of moderately decent power could accomplish such a thing. However, reducing the space between dimensions was something only those at the top of the cosmos could do with great effort and paying a high price as a consequence. 

The bearer of the Ring of the God of Order, however, could do that and much more with complete ease even if he or she were a mere mortal. To say that the wearer of the Ring of the God of Order was equivalent to being the God of all laws was not too much of an exaggeration by any means; and this was so even if the wearer was just an ordinary human with no power aside from the ring.

Time passed slowly, and as the ghost of the Heavenly Wolf watched in awe at the scene before him, the multicolored energy cloud and the lightning dragons began to take the shape of a large irregular vortex-shaped gate.

The vortex-shaped gate had a diameter of more than 500 meters but its height exceeded the two kilometers. In the center one could appreciate a point of white light as long as one paid close attention; that point of white light was precisely the gate that connected this site to a place that would normally be impossible to reach.

"It's done." The purple silhouette sighed slightly as her raised hand gently descended. Her gaze lingered on the now duller ring and she murmured in a somewhat regretful tone of voice, "4% of energy left, uh... I fear that once depleted even a hundred million years might be insufficient to reveal its shine again."

Sirius approached and asked in a serious voice: "Now that we're done with the first step the hardest part is coming.... How are we supposed to get the guy to go to that place?"

"We..." 

Suddenly, the purple silhouette turned abruptly in a certain direction and her voice stopped dead in its tracks.

"What happened?" Sirius asked dumbfounded and stunned.

This was the first time in countless years that he had seen the purple silhouette's cloaked body trembling and losing control in such a "humanly mortal manner."

The purple silhouette did not answer his question. She stood still as if time had frozen, staring in one particular direction for a long time. It was impossible to even make the slightest estimate as to what her thoughts were.

After an indeterminate amount of time, the purple silhouette sighed and shook her head softly. The tension that weighed down her rigid body seemed to disappear from one moment to the next, and in a somewhat exhausted voice she murmured with her head looking up at the stars, "... Why does this time have to be so different from the previous ones? ... But thinking about it better, this could be what we needed... Maybe all the previous failures were because certain things that were supposed to happen ended up not happening for a variety of reasons..."

Whatever the ultimate fate, this would be the last time... So more unforeseen events like this could happen as well.

Under the confused but wide-open eyes of Sirius' ghost, the purple silhouette took a step forward and just before disappearing left a few words behind.

"For over 22 years now things have started to get out of control. There's no need to be startled now..."

Those words did nothing but leave the already confused Sirius even more confused. 

Soon, however, a thought crossed his mind and in the blink of an eye his image disappeared without a trace.

...

Inside the bamboo hut, Bai Zemin held the pitch-black scroll. His eyes seemed unfocused as if his soul had been swallowed by the darkness of the scroll.

Suddenly, words that he himself could not fully comprehend and in a language that for some reason he understood perfectly began to pour out of his mouth one after another.

"The source of the seven souls, the foundation of the six senses and the whole of the six senses combine into one, invisible and tangible, visible and intangible."

"The seven invisible souls inside, rule the six senses; the three visible souls outside, rule the six paths. The two are one, compatible inside and out, and they feel the change of the destiny of heaven and hell. The six paths must reincarnate, control heaven and earth, and grasp the sun, moon and stars."

"For something new to be born the old must first disappear, be forgotten...and for heavens to exist there must first be a hell. There is the Will of Heaven just as there is the Will of Hell; Ying and Yang complement each other to bring balance as there can be no light without darkness and no grace without sin."

An unknown mnemonic began to flow from his mouth like water flowing through a river.

A lightning-like purple light began to flow from his hands, flooding the dark scroll and making it acquire a series of star-like purple flashes. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

What Bai Zemin did not know was that when the last word left his mouth and the purple stars appeared on the black scroll, in different places far away, an event that shook all living beings occurred as this was visible in the sky by all.

At that moment, in the Golden Domain, everyone saw a strange heaven collapse-like manifestation taking place in the sky.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!