Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin blinked several times at the message flashing in green letters across his retina and the smile that had formed on his face after hearing Lilith's charming voice widened.

Noticing his face practically beaming with joy, Lilith couldn't help but find it cute and amusing at the same time.

"Seeing the excitement in your eyes I guess I don't need to ask." Lilith smiled slightly and sat down next to him as she stretched her hand forward.

Bai Zemin looked at her flawless hand and chuckled. If it was before he might not understand her intention, but after more than half a month of living together and practically never separating, it was easy for him to know what she wanted.

Without saying a word in return, he took her delicate hand in his clearly larger one. His movement was so gentle that he seemed afraid of hurting her even though he knew such a thing was impossible.

Soon, the description of the newly acquired skill flickered across both of their retinas.

[Lightning Movement (Second Order Active Skill) Level 5: This is a skill capable of increasing the user's movement speed and slightly utilizing the power of lightning. First activation: After consuming 40 Stamina points it increases Agility by +70 points for 5 minutes. Second activation: Consumes 5 Stamina points to make a lightning clone that can use 10% of the user's overall power. In addition, it consumes 1 Stamina point per second for each clone. Currently, a maximum of 3 clones can be created].

Seeing how powerful the skill acquired after consuming the mutant fruit was, Bai Zemin had to restrain the urge to want to roar at the sky!

Seventy points of Agility! That was the terrifying amount of boost this skill granted him and for a total of five full minutes! Even with the consumption of forty Stamina points, it was nothing compared to the benefits. This skill had so many uses that Bai Zemin didn't know where to start!

Fleeing, dodging, chasing, killing, helping teammates, etc. Simply too many uses to describe them all!

Furthermore, the second activation of the Lightning Movement skill was even more powerful than the first activation depending on how one used it.

"Oh?" Lilith also raised an eyebrow and pointed out, "This skill is one of the most powerful skills that the Heaven's Army's Archangel Gabriel possesses... Of course, his Lightning Movement is far more advanced than yours currently."

"Don't worry, there will come a time when he will eat the dust I left behind." Bai Zemin stood up and said confidently.

Lilith held back the urge to laugh and said excitedly, "That will be fun to see! But... Let me tell you just in case but, the Archangels are almost all in the Seventh Order."

Cough! Cough!

Bai Zemin began coughing viciously and nearly choked to death. He could even feel his face getting hot with embarrassment... Due to the enthusiasm of the moment, he couldn't help but say words in a big way.

Little did he expect that his own words would turn around to bite him so soon.

"I'd better get going." Bai Zemin wisely did not comment further on the matter and walked towards the door." Lots of work to do."

Lilith shook her head not knowing whether to laugh or cry and followed him as she calmly reminded him, "The Order an existence is in does not represent that they are more powerful. I think you already know that from how you were able to defeat beings way higher than you when you didn't even have your main class yet."

Still... Seventh Order. Bai Zemin thought silently. That was even higher than Lilith...

* * *

As Bai Zemin walked down the stairs he heard a few voices and easily identified most of them. However, the content of the conversation caused his brow to furrow slightly.

"We already said yesterday that he is busy and can't attend to anyone." Cai Jingyi's helpless voice rang out.

"Busy?" This time it was Shangguan Bing Xue answering and she was clearly a little upset, "This is important. In fact, it could be said that he will benefit the most from all of this overall but you're telling me he's busy?"

"We're just saying what he told us to say in case anyone is looking for him..." Kang Lan sighed.

Before anyone else could say anything, Bai Zemin came into the room and looked at Shangguan Bing Xue before calmly asking, "What's wrong? Seeing that even you, who is usually calm, is agitated like this, it must be something really important."

Not only was Shangguan Bing Xue present; there was also Chen He, Wu Yijun, Fu Xuefeng, Zhong De, and even Luo Cheng. They all seemed anxious about something and had it not been for Cai Jingyi and Kang Lan insisting on not letting anyone pass they would have gone looking for him.

Shangguan Bing Xue rolled her eyes and couldn't help but complain, "Where have you been? We've been looking for you since yesterday for a matter of grave importance."

"I'm sorry, but it was something really important." Bai Zemin apologized honestly and gestured for everyone to sit down.

As a leader, he knew that disappearing for too long was not a good thing. Much less now that his position was just consolidating properly and was still not a 100% sure thing. However, circumstances had forced him. After all, the sooner he consumed the fruit, the sooner he could become more powerful.

"Let's forget about that and do what's really important here!" Chen He exclaimed with a serious voice and a touch of excitement. He spread a map of the Ruilin subdistrict on the table before looking at Wu Yijun.

Wu Yijun nodded slightly and stood up. Her graceful figure was shown at its best with the tight clothes she was wearing and her expression together with her baby face was unbelievably charming. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Bai Zemin looked at her for a few seconds before looking at the map which was mostly green due to the large number of wooded areas in the surrounding region.

After about a minute or two of staring completely focused at the map on the table, Wu Yijun pointed to a particular area and said confidently, "In the past, I came to this place with my grandfather. At that time a military camp was being built in the area and because of his position in the government he personally inspected the task."

"It's been a few years since then but I still remember the area vividly. I'm sure there should be some military equipment and weapons in this place!" She concluded before looking at Bai Zemin with a smile shaping two beautiful dimples on her cheeks and left even Chen He stunned.

Bai Zemin was dumbfounded at first but then the joy made his blood boil furiously.

A military camp! His heart was beating like a wild horse at the thought and possibility of acquiring the weapons of a military camp.

Just by raiding a local police station, Ye Qigang and the other three had managed to arm several dozen men without a problem and obtain many supplies and resources.

If what Wu Yijun said was true and there really was a military camp stationed there, then Bai Zemin could start moving in a southerly direction immediately! The whole process of meeting his family again would become a lot easier!