Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

With the guidance of Wu Yijun, Bai Zemin visited the place where an important task was being carried out in order for him to advance and enhance his own personal power and that of his followers even further.

A step behind the two, Lilith in her human form followed them silently as she looked around calmly.

In a large walled courtyard which was being protected by a total of ten men armed with Type 79 submachine guns and three magazines of ammunition each, a group of survivors was huddled in different parts of the place working tirelessly.

"Leader Bai!"

Xiao Min, one of the first militants to surrender before Bai Zemin and one of the few to survive, quickly advanced and bowed respectfully when he saw him appear in the courtyard.

Because of her beauty, Wu Yijun received several stares but she was already used to it so she acted as if nothing. Besides, after one or two peeks, no one dared to continue looking for fear of losing their heads.

Bai Zemin nodded toward Xiao Min and asked in a deep voice, "How is the work going?"

Xiao Min also focused on him and hurriedly replied while pointing to the different spots in the courtyard, "Thanks to the new rules, all the survivors are very satisfied. No one dares to slack off because they know that if they lose this job they will go hungry again and their families will return to indigence again."

Bai Zemin nodded silently and watched the scene with satisfaction.

More than two hundred survivors were surrounding different mutant beasts and taking care of their bodies without daring to be neglected.

With one of the First Order's evolved cat claws or a Shadow Tiger claw that Bai Zemin had killed before leaving the university, the survivors were tearing off the scales of the First Orders Jiao-Lao Snakes.

Although it was difficult to do, with the evolved snakes dead, the survivors could put the hard, sharp claw between the small spaces between each scale and slowly pry it away from the flesh.

Elsewhere, a group of survivors with expertise in tailoring was taking care of the different skins such as; the skin of the Platinum Ape, Shadow Tiger, Gale Cat, etc.

Using metal pieces from the shell of one of the First Order Blazing Beetles, they were carefully cutting the skin and when the fur was completely removed from the body it was placed in large wooden bundles and tied with strings so that they were well stretched. In that way, the fur of the other beasts was slowly beginning to dry.

"Looks good." Wu Yijun said cheerfully and looked at Bai Zemin with a cute smile, "Bai Zemin, follow me. I'll take you there."

Bai Zemin looked at her smile and his mood seemed to improve a bit. After following her and walking several meters he finally saw one of his main objectives for this visit.

The four-meter tall and approximately seven-meter-long body of the Reinforced Iron Boar lay lifeless in a large open field. Surrounding it were several survivors with bitter expressions.

Seeing Bai Zemin and the two beauties approaching, a middle-aged man with several parts of his hair already white quickly advanced and bowed, "Leader Bai!"

The rest of the survivors surrounding the Reinforced Iron Boar's body also bowed and quickly greeted.

Bai Zemin nodded and looked at the middle-aged man, "Zheng Yang, I heard that you have problems with this boy?"

Zheng Yang smiled bitterly and nodded. He pointed at the Reinforced Iron Boar Jabali as he said, "Leader Bai, this monster's armor is too tough. Even with the beast claws you gave us it is simply impossible to break through the defenses!"

Even with the Xuanyuan Sword Bai Zemin had not been able to break through the defenses of the First Order Reinforced Iron Boar, so he was not too surprised to hear such a statement. In fact, if it wasn't for his terrifying Strength and Agility as well as the help of his Blood Berserker class he could never have killed such a terrifying monster.

"It's alright... Do you think you can handle it if I make a breakthrough?" Bai Zemin frowned slightly and asked.

After all, it was impossible for him to stay too long here guarding the Iron Reinforced Boar. He still needed to expand southward and he couldn't afford to waste time at the beginning of the apocalypse as it would kill him in the intermediate stages.

Zheng Yang was silent for a moment and after careful reflection nodded, "I think it's possible if we remove some extra flesh."

"Then let's do it like this." Bai Zemin nodded and waved his hand back.

Wu Yijun, Lili, Zheng De, and the rest of the survivors quickly retreated, clearing the area around the giant monster.

Bai Zemin took out a bottle of Blazing Beetle blood from his backpack and casually scattered it on the ground. Then, he concentrated fully, and under the astonished eyes of the survivors, the blood began to move slowly. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Under his control, the gruesome-looking blood soon took solid form and turned into a long sharp ruby-colored sword that reflected the sun's rays.

Bai Zemin's face turned slightly pale as to form this sword he had consumed 150 Mana points. If it were before such an action would be difficult, but with his 300+ Mana points, it was not too much of a problem except for a slight faintness that disappeared as soon as it appeared.

The sword floated on its own and fell gently into his right hand. Then, under the eyes filled with envy, admiration, and trepidation of the survivors, Bai Zemin activated the skill attached to the Blazing Ring in his right hand.

The temperature in the place rose explosively and everyone was forced to take several steps back with fear-filled eyes as they looked at the crimson flame that had appeared out of nowhere and danced softly on the blood sword.

Bai Zemin advanced and with a slight jump, his body flashed and appeared above the head of the Reinforced Iron Boar. He observed carefully and after a moment's consideration pierced the center of the monster's forehead.

Wu Yijun's eyes glittered with a hint of disbelief as she noticed how the hard metal armor that even with her skill she could not damage even a little bit, began to slowly give way.

The metal armor that came in contact with the tip of the blood sword began to gradually melt as the burning flames did their work. After the tip of the sword pierced and reached the monster's flesh, Bai Zemin stopped trying to go deeper and began to walk upwards from the head slowly while dragging the blazing blood sword along with his movements.

With great care and concentration, the metal armor began to slowly open under Bai Zemin's attention; forming a long line that stretched from the forehead to the back of the creature's body.

As Bai Zemin finished the work, Wu Yijun looked at 'Lili' and asked curiously, "May I know how long you have known Bai Zemin? I don't think you have only known each other for a couple of days."

'Lili' looked at her as if surprised by the sudden question and asked back, "May I know what is the reason why you think so?"