Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Wu Yijun smiled slightly and replied composedly, "Actually, I'm not the only person who noticed the strange closeness between the two of you. I mean, Bai Zemin obviously doesn't treat you like a maidservant or a normal assistant and he certainly cares about you and gives importance to your opinion when it comes to making important decisions. Who would do something like that unless they knew the other person well enough?"

'Lili' simply smiled and didn't comment on the matter. In fact, there was nothing to comment on and everyone could think or assume whatever they pleased.

Seeing that she did not want to continue with that conversation, Wu Yijun shook her head and did not insist. If it were someone else they might fear her as her position in the group was quite high, but as someone who was under the direct care of Bai Zemin, Wu Yijun's position was not something to be too afraid of and as long as she was given the necessary respect everything would be fine.

After about five minutes, Bai Zemin wiped away the few beads of sweat that had formed on his face and took a deep breath as he cancelled his Blood Manipulation skill, which caused the crimson flame to evaporate the liquid blood and extinguish in mid-air.

From the forehead to the back of the body on the beast's back, a large gash could be seen as if it wanted to split the body in two. The metal armor of the Reinforced Iron Boar was incredibly tough and in order to cut through it Bai Zemin had to keep his Blood Manipulation skill active at all times, which had consumed a lot of his Mana.

After getting off the body, Bai Zemin walked towards Zheng Yang, the person in charge of this group, and ordered, "Start working now. The sooner you finish this the better... In fact, if possible I would like you to finish within three days at the most."

"Three days..." Zheng Yang frowned slightly but seeing the serious expression on his face he dared not refuse so he nodded hurriedly, "It will be difficult but we will give our best effort to finish as soon as possible!"

Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction and gave him a light tap on the shoulder before pointing to a pile of Jiao-Lao Snake scales that had been ripped off and said to Xiao Min, "When they are done with the scales have someone take them directly to my villa."

"Understood!" Xiao Min nodded and sent the trio off before returning to work.

* * *

On a road south of the Beginning Village, a convoy consisting of a modified bus, a Dongfeng truck, and three jeeps raised a cloud of dust as they moved forward without stopping.

In the lead jeep, Bai Zemin sat in the passenger seat looking out the window. Trees whizzed by and he occasionally saw some zombies or broken corpses lying in the blood-stained grass. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

To reach Camp Baiquan they needed to travel a considerable distance, but before that Bai Zemin needed to clear the surroundings, collect as many resources as possible, find survivors, expand his power, and get the new armed militia used to battles slowly.

Otherwise, should a battle break out between his group and the opposing camp, his troops would panic and flee at the first sound of gunfire.

After driving carefully for about two hours and going through several obstacles blocking the road, Bai Zemin made a gesture and Luo Cheng stopped the vehicle at the roadside.

Little Luo Ning was in the back seat chatting with Lilith happily. Feeling the vehicle stop the gear, she looked forward and asked curiously, "Big brother Bai, are we killing zombies?"

"That' s right." Bai Zemin nodded and got out of the vehicle without another word.

"I can finally get stronger myself too!" The little girl jumped out of the jeep and looked at the surroundings with bright eyes.

Luo Cheng looked at his little sister not knowing whether to laugh or cry as he saw the emotion in her eyes. This little girl had acted cuddly with Bai Zemin all afternoon and when she asked him if he could take her to hunt zombies he didn't even hesitate and agreed.

In fact, Luo Cheng was grateful to him. After all, if Luo Ning could evolve and become stronger it would be a lot better for her in case something bad happened to him, who was her only family.

In this new world, power and, unfortunately, courage were needed. Fighting from a distance was fine for Luo Cheng, but unless he had some kind of protection against the zombie infection, it was impossible for him to muster the courage to fight head-on.

Chen He got out of another jeep and stood next to Bai Zemin as they looked toward the town five hundred meters ahead. Behind, Fu Xuefeng and Kang Lan were giving some orders to the thirty armed men they had brought along this time.

As for the rest, they had stayed in the Beginning Village protecting the camp.

Bai Zemin looked at Fu Xuefeng and the latter nodded before charging towards the town at full speed. With him currently reaching level 19 and using his points in Agility and Stamina every time he leveled up as well as the sum of other stats gained, Fu Xuefeng was currently 5 times faster than a normal person who had not been nurtured by Soul Power.

In a short time he arrived at the entrance of the small town and began to shoot noisily into the sky. The zombies in the area were attracted by the strong Soul Power emanating from him as well as the sound of gunfire and began to stagger in his direction.

In a short time more than a thousand zombies gathered with the intention of surrounding him and after killing several of them Fu Xuefeng was forced to retreat or else even he would die pathetically.

The newly recruited militants sucked in a breath of cold air as they saw the wave of a thousand zombies advancing towards them. Thirty untrained armed men against over a thousand zombies... They were naturally scared and everyone couldn't help but take a step back.

Just then, Bai Zemin's voice resounded everywhere: "If any of you run away, your right as a Noble Citizen will be revoked immediately! Furthermore, if any of you dare to disobey my orders or those of your immediate leader you will be forbidden the opportunity to obtain any other jobs and will have to settle for relief rations for the rest of your lives!"

At such a threat, the militants turned pale and did not dare to take another step. What a joke! Back to those days of suffering and hunger? No thanks! None of them were willing to lose the life they had just obtained!

Bai Zemin realized that although his words were somewhat effective, the hands of the armed men were trembling lightly as they gripped their guns tightly. At this rate, it was only a matter of time before they would all start fleeing when the thousand plus zombies got too close or they would simply start wasting precious ammunition.

"Chen He, you watch them." Bai Zemin ordered and looked at Fu Xuefeng and Kang Lan before saying, "You two come with me."

Without waiting for a reply, he rushed forward like a whirlwind.