Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Chen He, you watch them." Bai Zemin ordered and looked at Fu Xuefeng and Kang Lan before saying, "You two come with me."

Without waiting for a reply, he rushed forward like a whirlwind.

Before the newly formed armed troops could react to what was happening, Bai Zemin had already crossed a distance of three hundred meters in the blink of an eye.

His body flickered like a flash of lightning and under everyone's disbelieving gaze the head of a dozen zombies shot into the sky along with a torrent of blood. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Strong!" Fu Xuefeng exclaimed in shock. Although he was already infinitely close to level twenty but even he was unable to discern Bai Zemin's movements distinctly before several zombies were decapitated.

With 201 Agility points, Bai Zemin was simply a monster who was twenty times faster than a normal person in good physical condition before the arrival of the Soul Record on Earth. Although Fu Xuefeng was fast, there was still a great distance between him and Bai Zemin.

Kang Lan's beautiful eyes flashed with a hint of surprise and admiration as her idolatry towards him increased exponentially. No matter how many times she saw him, she never ceased to be amazed by the power of her leader.

The two looked at each other and quickly charged forward to join the fray.

Although not as monstrous as Bai Zemin, Fu Xuefeng used a meter-long claw from one of the First Order Gale Cats to claim the lives of his enemies.

As for Kang Lan, she could not use her Poisonous Cloud skill against the zombies as it, unfortunately, had no effect. Therefore, very carefully to avoid being scratched she stood on the edge without being surrounded and casually decapitated the nearby zombies.

As for the other militants... None of them managed to see anything before the zombies' heads flew off.

In just a matter of five minutes, more than five hundred zombies had been decapitated. Of these five hundred, most had naturally been killed by Bai Zemin since he was the only one with a treasure capable of protecting his body almost completely from infection. But even then he needed some restraint.

Blood ran like a river along the length and breadth of the road as headless corpses piled up close to each other. The zombies in the back even stumbled over the corpses of their dead comrades, becoming easy Soul Power for the three evolved ones who slaughtered them mercilessly.

"You two, go back!"

After killing another hundred zombies, Bai Zemin called Fu Xuefeng and Kang Lan to retreat.

The duo did not hesitate and quickly retreated. Fu Xuefeng was starting to get exhausted because even though less than ten minutes had passed, the amount of Stamina consumed had been especially high since although the zombies were only level 5 at the moment, the danger they represented was still present in all its splendor.

As for Kang Lan, her Stamina was relatively low so her chest was constantly rising and falling. Her light clothing had clung onto her body which was gradually becoming more and more charming as a result of the sweat, giving her a somewhat seductive but at the same time dangerous vibe due to the blood stains that had inevitably reached her.

As the two safely retreated, Bai Zemin decapitated another twenty zombies before backing away at full speed, appearing next to Chen He again in an instant.

As he raptly glanced at the thirty armed men, Bai Zemin noticed how everyone's eyes were burning as they stared at him in naked admiration.

"Fuck..." A militant whispered and tightened his grip on his gun as his whole body trembled uncontrollably.

In fact, all the militants were trembling as they clutched their firearms. However, unlike before, this time it was not out of fear of the zombies but because of the excitement bubbling in their veins and the adrenaline coursing through the bloodstream of each of them!

Such ghostly speed! Such an ability to take on an army of zombies by himself! Such strength and such an aura brimming with confidence!

If before they had joined the armed troops to feel safer and to live better lives, now they were also doing it out of admiration for the young men in front of them!

With such leaders what was there to fear!

Bai Zemin nodded secretly satisfied with the result as he saw the morale of the armed troops soaring. In a battle, morale played an extremely important role; it was precisely for this reason that he entered the wave of zombies. To make a show of overwhelming power and let everyone see that there was nothing to fear!

The remaining four hundred or so zombies approached slowly but surely. Their white eyes and deformed faces were incredibly terrifying, but seeing the firm back of the leader in front, no soldier feared.

As the zombies reached a hundred meters range, Bai Zemin easily noticed how panic threatened to return to the militants' eyes and knew that temporarily it was the best thing he could do.

"Fire at will!" Bai Zemin ordered loudly and casually took aim with his Desert Eagle before pulling the trigger.

A hundred meters ahead, a zombie fell noisily backwards, never to get up again.

"Fire!" Chen He shouted, followed by Fu Xuefeng.

The militants raised their guns and shouted to shake off the dread they felt as they unleashed a storm of bullets uncontrollably on the enemies.

Type 54 pistols, Type 79 submachine gun, Type 85 sniper, all kinds of old firearms were fired by the thirty armed men and hundreds of bullets disappeared with every passing second.

Among the wave of four hundred zombies some were shot in the abdomen, chest, heart, limbs, but they continued to advance without fear and without any sign of pain.

They were creatures that unless their brains failed to function never stopped and even those who lost mobility after being hit by some shots that damaged the bones of their legs made an effort to crawl before being crushed by those who came behind.

Occasionally there were some zombies who were shot in the head and died but it was simply impossible for only thirty untrained men to stop four hundred monsters without fear of pain. Therefore, when a zombie fell, another one behind would advance and take its place; this gave the illusion of an inexhaustible troop that chilled everyone's blood.

Bai Zemin and Chen He never missed a shot. Within a distance as short as a hundred meters, Bai Zemin's Special Forces Soldier skill and Chen He's Sniper skill demonstrated their power to the fullest.

Bang!

Bai Zemin aimed and fired, killing a zombie. Without even a second's delay, he took aim again and another zombie's head exploded a split second later.

Seeing the ease with which he aimed and fired without even securing the target, Chen He was speechless. This was the first time he had seen Bai Zemin use firearms in such a way so he was naturally surprised.

This man is really scary. Chen He thought silently as he killed zombies without a break except for changing the magazine of his gun.