Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After wiping out the thousand-plus zombies, the troop of thirty armed men led by Bai Zemin made its way into the small town.

As the engine of the convoy entered the streets of the village, some straggling zombies that had remained inside the town began to move toward them while growling in a threatening manner.

Chen He, Fu Xuefeng, and Kang Lan jumped out of the vehicles they were riding in and charged forward separately in search of remaining zombies. In a matter of seconds the approaching zombies were decapitated with ease.

Inside the jeep leading the way, Bai Zemin was sitting in the passenger seat with Luo Ning sitting comfortably on his lap.

"All right, Luo Ning. Can you see that zombie? Right inside that house over there." Bai Zemin looked out the window of the jeep and pointed at a particular zombie that was stuck inside a house and could not move as some heavy objects were obstructing the passage.

The girl looked to where he pointed and faintly noticed the zombie's head through the broken glass of the window, "Big brother, I see it!"

"Good." Bai Zemin nodded and as he patted her head he urged, "Let's see what your skill can do then,"

Luo Ning's eyes flashed happily. She had been waiting for Bai Zemin to ask her to use her skill since she was also curious so she didn't even hesitate and opened her palm while pointing forward.

From the ground outside the jeep the shadows seemed to twist and soon a strange creature appeared. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

As Luo Ning jumped up excitedly and clapped her hands, Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow as he inspected the strange monster.

Although it indeed looked like a cat, it was actually not a normal cat like the pets people had before the apocalypse. This cat was the size of a Siberian dog, its body was completely black as night while its eyes were as yellow as the sun.

"Go!" Luo Ning pointed at the zombie and the Shadow Cat's eyes flashed before charging forward without thinking.

The Shadow Cat's speed was very fast, about four times faster than a normal person. However, what surprised Bai Zemin and everyone watching most was that when the Shadow Cat jumped through the window and its body touched the shadows it seemed to have disappeared as if by magic.

"Where is it? Disappeared?" Chen He was dumbfounded and couldn't help but look everywhere looking for the creature summoned by Luo Ning.

"No. It's still right in front of us." Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and just barely, ever so slightly, he could see how the shadows seemed to have a life of their own as they moved towards the zombie.

Swoosh!

The zombie didn't even have time to growl as the shadow of its own body suddenly distorted and the Shadow Cat jumped as it slashed with its claw horizontally.

The zombie's head flew through the air and the lifeless body soon collapsed on the ground.

"What the hell..."

"Strong!"

Fu Xuefeng, Kang Lan, and Chen He were dumbfounded. The power of that summoned creature was truly horrifying!

Luo Cheng looked at his little sister with wide eyes. Not only was he shocked that such power came from her, he was also incredibly happy! Now she would undoubtedly have a better chance of living and her safety would be much higher even if something happened to him!

"Hehehehe! Big brother Bai, how do you like my cat?" Luo Ning laughed merrily and canceled her skill because the consumption was really high for the current her. In order to make full use of her skill, she needed to constantly level up.

"Very strong! Little Ning, from now on you are an evolved person just like me." Bai Zemin ruffled her hair happily while secretly being surprised.

Were the summons that strong? Bai Zemin wasn't sure before since Yang Pei's summons had been casually slapped to death by him. However, after seeing Luo Ning's Shadow Cat power he had to rethink that thought.

* * *

After about thirty minutes, the entire town was inspected. House by house and every corner, everything was carefully explored without leaving even a single loophole.

Several zombies were locked inside some houses and were taken care of by the armed troops with relative ease. In addition, inside some cellars and some houses with iron doors were found some survivors who were starving after not having eaten anything for more than half a month.

Two hours later.

Sitting in the living room of a small villa inside the town, Bai Zemin listened carefully to Lilith's report in her human form.

"A total of 364 survivors were found inside the town, in addition, several rations were also found in some stores and inside some houses. The total ration equivalent is approximately two to three hundred kilos of food plus water and other beverages. There were also some packs of cigarettes and..."

While listening to her melodious voice, Bai Zemin could not help but silently admire her. Dressed in a small police uniform that accentuated the curves of her body, Lilith looked like a brave warrior which was a new sight for him.

"That's all." She lifted her face from the sheet of documents the little leaders of the different units had handed her and smiled sweetly towards him.

Bai Zemin smiled back and thanked, "Thank you for the help, Lili."

Although they were currently alone inside the room it was best to be careful, so he referred to her by her false name instead of the real one.

"It's a pleasure to be of assistance to you." She replied and licked her lips playfully while looking at a certain part of his body.

Before Bai Zemin could have any kind of reaction and respond to her, the door of the living room was softly opened.

An armed man belonging to Bai Zemin's troops entered along with a rather emaciated woman whose skin had begun to turn somewhat yellow due to the lack of light for so long as well as illnesses from not being able to access clean water and the starvation she had experienced.

"Leader Bai, Miss Lili." The militant bowed respectfully to both of them.

Bai Zemin nodded and looked at the woman curiously, "What is going on?"

"This woman secured with her life that she has important information that might interest you, leader." The militant responded in a serious voice before looking at the woman and urging, "This is our leader. You can tell him whatever you have to say."

The woman hesitated. She looked at Bai Zemin for several seconds before asking somewhat fearfully, "I... Hello, leader Bai. My name is Mu Yang Yang... May I ask how is the world now? What's happening with the government and the army...?"

She, like the rest of the survivors found in the village, had been locked inside her house and had not dared to stick her head out of the window since the first sign of chaos when the message from the Soul Record flashed in her retina.

All of Bai Zemin's troops were wearing police uniforms that had been acquired from the police station near the Beginning Village before. Therefore, Mu Yang Yang probably assumed that they were part of the government.