Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin looked at the woman before him for a moment. In his head, he was thinking of all kinds of important information that this woman named Mu Yang Yang might have but even after careful thought, he did not manage to come up with a clear answer.

It was hard for him to understand how a person who had not left her home could have important information.

??

Still, he decided to be honest. Bai Zemin sat with his back completely straight and said in a deep voice:

"The central government has not contacted anyone nor have they sent signals of any kind. The country's military forces probably collapsed or are in a big trouble since even after more than half a month there is still no trace of them either... The sooner you accept that the old society no longer exists the better it will be for you as many things will be simpler that way."

Mu Yang Yang's face changed slightly and her eyes quivered with fear. Although deep in her heart she had expected something like this to happen from the moment that strange message appeared in her retina and the zombies began to devour the humans, the realization was still cruel.

"So you all..."Mu Yang Yang looked at the police uniform of the armed man who had led her here and then hesitantly looked at the female police uniform Lilith was wearing before looking at Bai Zemin cautiously.

Bai Zemin nodded and confirmed his suspicions, "We are a group of survivors who are facing the zombies and mutated and evolved beasts. Although in our group there are also members of the government and military troops."

The reason why Bai Zemin said those last words was because although he was strong, it was natural for people who did not know him to trust someone with status and from a leading family. In any case, when Mu Yang Yang fully understood the new world she would realize on her own that such things were no longer of importance.

"Evolved beasts? Mutated beasts?" Mu Yang Yang's eyes widened in shock. She had only seen normal zombies, as for mutated or evolved beasts, she knew nothing about it. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

However, the words of the young man in front of her made her even more confident of what she had seen.

"Due to the mana of the world, the animals mutated and gained terrifying strength and speed. Some of them managed to evolve into something completely new and gained the ability to use supernatural skills just like me."

After saying those words, Bai Zemin made a small cut on his finger and activated his Blood Manipulation skill. Under the surprised gaze of the survivor, small strands of blood floated in the air and wrapped into a small red sphere.

Swoosh!

Under Bai Zemin's control, the liquid blood hardened to terrifying levels and turned into a bullet that shot towards one of the walls.

Bang!

"My God!" The female survivor took a frightened step back as she saw that the concrete wall had been pierced by the blood of a human being. Such a thing was simply unheard of!

Her look at Bai Zemin changed completely and even the militant's eyes now had another small notch of respect in them. Only now he realized that earlier, Bai Zemin had not gone all out.

Bai Zemin looked at the woman and said in a deep voice, "Mu Yang Yang, as you just saw, the world has changed. In our group we have strict rules as food, safest places, etc, are too valuable nowadays. Depending on how important that information you have is, I may let you enjoy the treatment of a Noble Citizen under my rule... Even a Royalty is not impossible."

Mu Yang Yang might not know what a Royalty or a Noble Citizen was, but seeing the militant's envious eyes when the word Royalty was named she understood that it was definitely a good thing.

In the end, she gritted her teeth and nodded, "Okay, I'll tell you."

...

It turns out that when the apocalypse broke out, Mu Yang Yang had managed to survive because she had reacted at the first moment and sought refuge in her home. Because her house had a metal door and the windows had steel bars, the zombies had not been able to reach her.

The problem was that after three days, Mu Yang Yang had exhausted all the rations she had in her house so that's when the real hell began for her. The days of starvation were unbearable.

Her stomach roared with hunger and ached as if thousands of needles were constantly pricking her. Mu Yang Yang rolled around on the ground for a total of seven days straight without eating anything and the hunger was driving her crazy so when the tenth day of the apocalypse came, under the effects of hunger, she decided to do what many other survivors had decided to do in desperate times.

Go out in search of food.

For her, it no longer mattered if she ended up being eaten by the zombies. Hunger was simply driving her completely insane!

However, just when Mu Yang Yang had consumed a great deal of energy as well as determination to stand up and walk towards the door, she heard something from outside that made her stop her movements completely.

Mu Yang Yang trembled with fear and had it not been for the militant beside him he would have fallen to the ground. Bai Zemin told her to sit down and only then she continued:

"That sound was very strange, it was like a human's laughter but it was definitely not something a human being could make." Mu Yang Yang explained in terror, "As a precaution, I decided to look outside through the small porthole in the door... That's when I saw that little green monster!"

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and upon seeing the slight change in Lilith's expression his face became serious. He looked at the militant and ordered him to retreat. Moreover, he also told him that if a word of this leaked out his head would fly up in the air.

After the gunman left in fright, Bai Zemin looked at the surviving woman who was trembling scared, and urged in a deep voice: "Continue."

"That little green monster was ugly, just like the goblins that appear in fantasy stories!" Mu Yang Yang exclaimed in a high-pitched voice: "Its mouth was incredibly big just like its nose, long and sharp teeth, its size didn't even reach a meter in height and its ears were long and pointed while its eyes were golden like gold. It was definitely a goblin like the one in fairy tales!"

"That must be a New Age Monster." Lilith's voice rang in his head and Bai Zemin looked at her with questioning eyes.

She explained, "Mana is an energy that no one has managed to fully comprehend. In the different worlds that the Soul Record visits, it is normal for some never before seen species to start appearing on earth due to the influence of mana on the different species. Monsters that simply mutate or evolve are considered Original Monsters, in other words, those that already existed in this world before.

As for the new species that are born under the influence of the Soul Record and mana, these are called New Age Monsters. These monsters are far more dangerous than the Original Monsters in the initial and intermediate stages of each world."