Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

[You have acquired the Soul Power of First Order Heavy Hobgoblin level 47]

[Freeze Unclassified enemies: 5000 / 5000]

??

[Kill unclassified enemies using the Ice Maker skill: 2000 / 2000]

[Kill First Order enemies: 2 / 2]

[Charm an enemy with your natural beauty: 1 / 1]

[You have successfully evolved to First Order and acquired the unique class Charming Ice. Your innate beauty is worth contemplating and appreciating. As pure and unblemished as a flawless ice fairy. All Ice-type attacks inflict 20% more damage and increase the resistance of your ice creations by another 20%. Your Charm increases]

[You have acquired Second Order Active Skill level 1 Charming Eye]

[You have leveled up to level 32. You have gained 14 status points to distribute freely]

[All absorbed Soul Power has been calculated correctly. You get additional stats: Strength +40, Agility +29, Stamina +25, Health +20, Mana +30, Magic +27]

Although Shangguan Bing Xue had accumulated more Soul Power to level up than Bai Zemin by the time she successfully evolved, this was because he had advanced to First Order significantly faster than she had.

With about a week more time accumulating experience, it was natural for her to level up a little more in comparison. However, even then, the amount of additional stats she had accumulated were far less than Bai Zemin's at that time. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

This was because Shangguan Bing Xue had accumulated Soul Power from weaker existences, while Bai Zemin had fought and killed more than one First Order being before successfully evolving.

After evolving to First Order, Shangguan Bing Xue felt as if a new world had opened up before her and her soul was strengthened in such a way that, for a moment, she herself could not believe it.

But the most important thing for the present her was that after leveling up her Stamina regenerated to 100% immediately and the Mana gained due to the extra stats she had accumulated during the process of evolving to First Order had caused her completely pale face to gain some color again.

"Congratulations on evolving to First Order."

A lazy voice brought her out of her inner fantasy world and looking to the side she saw Bai Zemin waving his hand from a distance.

"Seeing as there are no more goblins around and since you're okay, I'll head back to the village. That Chen He guy is probably out of his mind since I assume he heard that you were attacked on the way."

Leaving those words behind, Bai Zemin stomped his foot on the ground and disappeared from his position leaving a gale behind him.

Seeing this, Shangguan Bing Xue's glance became a bit complicated and she couldn't help but sigh as she sat down next to a tree as although her Stamina had regenerated mental fatigue was present.

"Even though I just received a huge power boost, even though I can feel my Soul Power becoming infinitely purer than before I evolved, I still can't even understand how strong you are." Shangguan Bing Xue muttered under her breath as she recalled that ghostly speed with which Bai Zemin disappeared as well as the look of fear in the Heavy Hobgoblin's eyes.

Shangguan Bing Xue was a competitive woman by nature and even more so against the opposite sex due to certain past events as she wanted to prove herself that women could stand on their own and surpass men. However, the stronger she became, the more she felt that the distance between her and Bai Zemin increased.

In the past, regardless of whether it was the talented and handsome Chen He or any other outstanding young man, Shangguan Bing Xue had been able to surpass them all; from school grades to combat ability, she was simply perfect in every aspect.

However, since the apocalypse broke out without warning, Bai Zemin had unconsciously become her greatest rival. She had strived to surpass him and, in fact, at some point their strength was not that far apart and except for different strengths, their overall power was similar.

But at some unknown moment, that normal-looking young man with an ordinary past with nothing to highlight simply shot into the sky, and now she could barely make out his shadow.

"Forget it..." After a second sigh, her blue eyes turned to the shattered corpse of the Heavy Hobgoblin and her lips curved into a cold smile.

She had taken a risk when she had chosen the unique class Charming Ice as the last requirement might be somewhat difficult. However, she knew she was beautiful and was confident in her beauty as well as her own strength.

But after so many days, no human of the First Order had crossed her path, so her beauty had no use whatsoever. After all, the mutated and evolved monsters did not notice the beauties of mankind.

Fortunately for her, goblins appeared, who were lustful by nature.

Unaware that there was someone floating in the sky hundreds of meters above, Shangguan Bing Xue stood up after resting for a moment and picked up the drop obtained from her victory.

Above the white clouds, Lilith sighed before disappearing completely and without a trace.

...

When Shangguan Bing Xue first entered the village, Chen He ran up to her with a face pale in fright and hurriedly asked, "Bing Xue! How are you? I just heard that a group of goblin-like monsters from the legends attacked you!"

Seeing her childhood friend's handsome face filled with worry and she couldn't help but smile slightly, "Don't worry. Nothing happened to me and Bai Zemin was also there in case his intervention was needed."

"This..." Chen He seemed to ignore much of her words and looked at her dumbfounded. After a few seconds, he noted, "Bing Xue, you... Have you become more beautiful or something?"

Although Shangguan Bing Xue was beautiful from before, when Chen He looked at her carefully now he couldn't help but feel that she had suddenly become a little more beautiful than usual.

"Ah... This is because of..." Shangguan Bing Xue gave him a brief summary of what had happened as he led her towards the main villa.

On the way, the armed men guarding the important areas saluted respectfully and the survivors who had been ordered not to leave their homes temporarily looked out the windows at the scene, wondering what would become of their lives now.

"So... You've already evolved to First Order?" Chen He was surprised. He was currently level 24 so he only now learned about evolutions and similar matters. Listening to Shangguan Bing Xue, everything felt strange to him.

"That's right." She nodded and a militant guarding the door to the hall inside the main villa quickly opened the closed door to allow them to pass through.

Inside, Shangguan Bing Xue and Chen He were greeted by the sight of Bai Zemin and Lili chatting with casual smiles. Occasionally she laughed at his jokes or he grunted in annoyance at hers.

"These two definitely have something." Chen He cupped a hand over the side of his mouth and whispered.

"Who knows..." Shangguan Bing Xue replied stepping into the room.

"Bai Zemin, what's wrong with those goblins?"

Bai Zemin, who was chatting with Lilith to relieve some of the tension he felt due to the appearance of a new type of enemy, was attracted by Shangguan Bing Xue's unmistakable voice.

He looked at her and Chen He before pointing to the seat in front of him and saying in a deep voice, "Sit down. We need to talk."