Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When the angel belonging to the Army of Heaven heard completely what Lilith had planned he didn't know how to react.

His two wings flapped gently as his silver armor shimmered with the rays of light from the distant stars and his blond hair danced in sync with the breeze.

??

"How about, don't you think it's incredible?" Lilith clapped her hands as if she were an excited little girl and her eyes sparkled as if a million galaxies lived inside them. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

After a moment of silence, the male angel leaned his head back and began to burst out laughing.

"Hahahaha!" His laughter echoed everywhere and anyone who heard it might come to think that Lilith had just told the best joke in history since the creation of the universe.

Lilith simply curved her lips and waited patiently for the angel to stop his laughter. When he finally stopped, she asked in an innocent tone of voice: "But I'm curious, why were you roaming the Earth? Is the Army of Heaven so free that they can casually send their angels to spy on Lower Worlds?"

"We, angels, are not as free as you, filthy demons who oppose the grace of the Lord!" The angel scoffed before swinging his spear of light and pointing it at Lilith, "I was just casually passing by as I seemed to sense a strange space rift but I didn't expect to meet a lunatic woman like you!"

"Kya~ Little pigeon, how do you suddenly get so aggressive!" Lilith exclaimed and took a step back as if she was scared while secretly letting out a sigh of relief.

Previously she had sensed this angel prowling the vicinity of Earth so she immediately acted to intercept him. She feared that some faction of Higher Existences had noticed Bai Zemin and somehow sought to harm him. Fortunately her concerns were not valid or else everything would become much more complicated than it already was.

"Hmph. Enough of your nonsense, demon." The angel snorted and charged forward as he shouted in a straight voice filled with holiness, "Even though you are a lunatic, the mere fact that you are a demon and that you claimed that a little Lower Existence would one day take the supreme throne that belongs to the Lord is enough to claim your head!"

Lilith neither dodged nor moved from her position. Her ruby eyes glowed brightly and she calmly said, "We'll see if I'm a lunatic or not... Though I don't think you can live to see that day come~"

"Wh-"

Only an inch away from piercing her heart, the angel's spear of light stopped abruptly. The eyes of the brave and holy warrior of one of the most important and powerful factions in the universe widened in shock as he stared into the red eyes of the woman in front of him. When he wanted to say something, his mouth abruptly closed with such loudness that his teeth almost broke in the process.

"Do you really want to kill me?" Lilith whispered in a fearful voice as she trembled as if she was scared to death. Her ruby eyes glowed intensely, releasing her charm and activating one of her simplest but most terrifying skills.

The angel's face turned as pale as a sheet as he realized that his body was not obeying his brain and he was increasingly losing control of his own thoughts.

He was a Fifth Order angel! In the past he had been a hero of his own world before ascending to divinity after receiving grace from the Lord and entering the arms of Heaven!

But he was beginning to lose his mind because of the demon in front of him!

"Bi-Bitch!" The angel barely managed to exclaim through gritted teeth.

Lilith ignored him and with the tip of her finger casually pushed the spear of light away.

She ignored the angel's surprise and sighed, "You men really are boring. It only takes so much for you to turn into mindless puppets... Look, even you fell for it. Weren't you angels free of impurity and lust? Then why are you breathing heavily like a dog in heat?"

She turned to leave and soon disappeared from the sight of the angel who not long after regained the mobility of his body.

The angel descended to the ground and sat down in terror as he scolded himself for letting such nefarious thoughts cloud his judgment. However, a sweet voice with a slight tinge of coldness soon reached his ears.

"Freeze everything: [Niflheim]!"

The powerful Fifth Order angel turned pale and all he could do was whisper a few words as he felt the terrifying amount of Mana moving from outside this planet and the power of the skill activating: "Death does not exist... I will only return to the arms of the Lord..."

BOOM!

After a thunderous explosion that shook the entire world, a terrifying amount of freezing power descended and enveloped everything.

From the earth and grass to the tops of gigantic trees ascending hundreds of kilometers high. The white clouds were frozen, the rivers of liquid and crystalline water became ice rinks, and the deserts with extremely high temperatures were transformed into an icy hell.

Thus a world that had already gone through several stages since the Soul Record reached this part of the universe was sealed in ice without a trace of life.

Surrounded by stars of different colors and galaxies, Lilith had an ice-cold gaze that if Bai Zemin saw could probably never associate it with her warm and playful smile that usually embodied her charming face.

"I wonder what these white pigeons will do when the news that one of their worlds was destroyed by a demon? Surely Satan and that 'Lord' will have a good time having fun so they won't be able to divert their attention too much elsewhere."

Her indifferent voice was the only thing that proved her existence since in an instant her entire presence had disappeared without a trace... Except for the obsidian-colored ice that sealed an entire planet and brimmed with dark energy.

* * *

Planet Earth, China, Beijing City.

It was past noon when Chen He and the rest opened their eyes again. They all woke up at about the same time with slight differences and after about six hours of sleep they felt refreshed.

"You didn't sleep at all?" Shangguan Bing Xue approached Bai Zemin and asked with a frown as she saw him standing silently in exactly the same place where he had been when they had all gone to sleep.

Bai Zemin remained standing looking up at the blue sky above his head and replied without much interest, "No."

"You..."

Shangguan Bing Xue frowned even more tightly and began to feel annoyed. Her annoyance was understandable considering that they would soon be going deep into a forest where there were probably many wild beasts running rampant but the leader seemed unconcerned as if they were going for a walk in the park.

Swoosh!

The wind whistled softly and as that gentle breeze caressed Bai Zemin's face, a rose fragrance distinctive to him greeted him. His lips curved upward slightly as he understood what this meant and his eyes turned toward Shangguan Bing Xue.

"Don't worry, ice princess. I'm perfectly fine."