Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Beijing University was one of the most prestigious institutions in the country and even in the world before the apocalypse broke out and society collapsed. Therefore, it was natural to assume that most of the students who could access it were elites, people with high intelligence and analytical abilities.

A high school student with average grades would never be able to pass the Beijing University admission exam considering the high standard of the school.

??

Of course, there were always exceptions and there was nothing that money or power could not solve. But that aside, only the best in their towns, villages, cities, sub-districts, and districts could actually pass the admission exam.

Bai Zemin naturally was one of those people. However, things were a bit complicated. Since his family was relatively poor and in order to allow his younger sister Meng Qi to apply to a good university, he had to spend a lot of time working to pay for his own expenses.

This resulted in Bai Zemin wasting a lot of time that he really should have invested to his studies and therefore his grades were naturally nothing worth mentioning and he was among what was average for such a great university.

"Everyone has their own difficulties." Bai Zemin replied casually. He hadn't wanted to say that, unlike them and Chen He, he had to fend for himself.

After all, Bai Zemin was not a man who liked to say words that might sound like pathetic excuses. His grades were average and that was all. There was nothing incredible about having outstanding grades anyway.

Look, wasn't the current situation proof enough of that?

Both Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun looked at each other and both women's eyes glittered curiously. Even without him saying anything, they were both smart enough to draw their own conclusions from what they knew of Bai Zemin so far.

After Shangguan Bing Xue's question and Bai Zemin's disinterested response, the group of three fell silent as they slowly moved forward. They might all have different thoughts but if there was one thing they had in common it was that the guard of each of them was up.

...

Even after walking for more than twenty minutes, there was still no sign of the military camp in sight. However, this was completely natural considering that it was simply impossible for the military and the government to set up a base with an armed arsenal just a couple of minutes away from the main road.

Even then, Bai Zemin frowned sharply.

"This too much... Quiet?" Wu Yijun whispered feeling a little nervous.

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded slightly with narrowed eyes.

Except for the soft whistling of the wind and the movement of tree branches swaying gently or the occasional clash between green leaves, the entire forest was silent. There was not even the slightest sign of any kind of wild beast, which was extremely strange considering that they had already gone quite deep into the forest from a certain point of view.

This calm caused Bai Zemin to feel a bad premonition and the thought of retreating flashed in his mind for a moment before he immediately forcefully withdrew.

Currently, his party was in dire need of firepower. Not only because of the threat of the monsters but also because of Camp Baiquan. Until now, Bai Zemin did not know whether they would be allies or enemies, and for that, it was best to prepare for any possible clash between the two sides.

After walking for another ten minutes, Bai Zemin's face suddenly changed and his steps stopped abruptly so the two women walking one step behind him also stopped immediately.

"How strange..." Bai Zemin frowned deeply and muttered to himself.

"What thing is strange?" Wu Yijun whispered close to him.

Bai Zemin ignored her and took a quick glance at his Blood Will skill.

[Blood Will: 0% / 50%]

His passive Blood Will skill had not changed... But Bai Zemin could sense the presence of something lurking in the shadows. Maybe it was his passive skill Danger Sense, he didn't know exactly but he decided to rely on that instinct.

Suddenly Bai Zemin turned his head to the right and just then there was a strange movement in the grass.

Bai Zemin snorted and stretched his hand forward just in time to catch something that had been thrown at him from a distance.

"A tongue?" Wu Yijun took a step back as she saw the clearly inhuman long tongue struggling to escape. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Come here!" Bai Zemin growled and pulled hard towards him.

An object flew through the air in his direction. But the most surprising thing was that at first, this enemy was perfect green just like grass, however, it soon seemed to become transparent as it completely disappeared.

"What?" Shangguan Bing Xue was even surprised by what had just happened. She really couldn't sense where the enemy was!

However, Bai Zemin still felt the tongue caught with his hand and could also feel how the enemy was still flying towards him after being forcefully pulled.

With a strong punch forward, the enemy that had seemingly disappeared exploded into pieces of flesh and blood splattered all over the dirt road.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Elusive Chameleon Level 15]

[Blood Will: 1% / 50%]

Bai Zemin's eyes widened in shock and he looked at the women beside him as he said dumbfounded, "That chameleon was actually only level 15... But it managed to make none of us feel it in any way..."

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun's faces changed noticeably as Bai Zemin's words were too shocking to believe. If that monster was a level 15 creature... Then it had the power to threaten Wu Yijun's life since she was currently level 21.

Although the Elusive Chameleon's tongue would not be able to pierce through Bai Zemin's body due to his high physical stats and his muscles compressed countless times, even Shangguan Bing Xue would not necessarily come out unscathed if she was hit by surprise in a dangerous spot.

"Let's proceed carefully and you two go behind me." Bai Zemin ordered in a deep voice and the two women immediately nodded.

Even the proud Shangguan Bing Xue said nothing about it and walked behind him looking at his back in silence.

The forest was incredibly dangerous, they already knew this fact even before they went into it. However, the appearance of the Elusive Chameleon made them realize that the forests were a lot more dangerous than they had initially estimated.

Even a weak enemy could become a deadly one depending on the circumstances. Bai Zemin thought silently and reminded himself never to underestimate his enemy no matter how weak they were.

Hadn't he defeated enemies more powerful than him by using different tactics, planning against them, and using their weaknesses to his advantage? Bai Zemin did not want to become complacent because of his current strength and die from neglect.

He believed that it had been several days since an enemy capable of threatening his existence had shown itself. But only now did he realize that his life was in constant danger!

In this world, such a thing as safety never existed.