Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Clang!

"These damn creatures." Bai Zemin clicked his tongue loudly as he blocked the Elusive Chameleon's tongue with his Xuanyuan Sword.

??

"Die." Shangguan Bing Xue casually waved one of her hands and an ice pike appeared in the air before piercing the monster's body ten meters away in a flash.

Behind Bai Zemin, Wu Yijun sighed in relief and looked at him gratefully. If it wasn't for his timely intervention that attack might have cost her life.

"I'm sorry to have to bring you in." Bai Zemin looked back and sighed, "But you are the only one who knows the exact location of the place, so we have no choice."

Wu Yijun's eyes flashed softly as she heard his words. She smiled beautifully and shook her head gently, "Don't worry! With you being here somehow I feel safe and I know nothing will happen to me. Besides, we need those firearms for everyone's sake, don't we?" Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Bai Zemin smiled back and nodded slightly, "That's right. Just stay in the back and don't go too far away."

One of Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes twitched a couple of times as she looked at Wu Yijun. Inwardly she was muttering, "Well, I'm sorry for not making you feel safe."

Regardless of what Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun were thinking, Bai Zemin continued to move forward with no intention of stopping.

After advancing for another ten more minutes and having killed another twenty Elusive Chameleons with different periods of time between each one's appearance, Bai Zemin's Blood Will skill activated properly when new enemies appeared within the effective range of the skill.

[Blood Will: 50% / 50%]

"Be careful! Many enemies are approaching!" Bai Zemin stretched a hand behind him to immediately stop the movement of the two women and warned. For a moment it seemed to him that he had touched something extremely soft but with Blood Will activating to its maximum level immediately, he didn't have time to overthink things too much.

This was because not only did the enemies number several hundred or even thousands, but he still didn't know what kind of enemies they were!

Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin's left hand touching something it should not be touching and both had different reactions. The first one blushed and the second one's face remained indifferent making it difficult to know what her thoughts were about what was happening.

In addition, the current circumstances did not allow them to consider the situation too much either.

"Fuck its mother..." Bai Zemin's face turned white as he saw countless spiders the size of a human face crawling through the grass, over tree trunks, over branches, among rocks.

Huge black spiders moved their long legs rapidly crawling towards the group of three. Their endless numbers of red eyes stared at them as if they were their prey while some of them even had their mouths wide open revealing terrifyingly long fangs and sticky saliva.

"S-Spiders..." Shangguan Bing Xue paled and took a step back while she shook her head.

A spider fiercely leapted forward from the grass with the intention of biting Bai Zemin. However, he responded by swinging his sword diagonally and slicing the spider's body in two.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Wolf Spider level 8]

At least they are low level and except for their numbers, they don't look too dangerous like the Elusive Chameleon. Bai Zemin sighed secretly.

Seeing the red and green blood splattering everywhere as the two spider halves landed just inches away from her feet, Shangguan Bing Xue's face paled even more and her eyes rolled before she fainted with a thud as she fell onto the dirt ground.

"Bing Xue!"

After cutting off a dozen spiders in rapid succession, Bai Zemin heard Wu Yijun's frightened cry and quickly turned his face with a serious expression. Seeing Shangguan Bing Xue collapsed on the ground, his expression turned ugly.

"What happened?!" he asked astonished as he crushed another Wolf Spider with a kick.

Wu Yijun waved both hands and the grass on both sides of the dirt road seemed to come to life. After lighting up with a strong fluorescent flash, the previously harmless weed suddenly began to detach from the ground and the nearby Wolf Spiders were pierced in various parts of their bodies.

"She has arachnophobia! In the past, during a camp in elementary school, a Tarantula walked on her face while she was asleep and when she opened her eyes she saw the spider staring at her so she developed terror towards spiders! She can't tolerate them!" Wu Yijun replied through gritted teeth, her pretty baby face quickly turning pale due to the consumption of Mana.

Her First Order Plant Empowerment skill turned Wu Yijun into a terrifying existence inside a forest like this. Her skill was powerful but to empower and control plants, size was an important factor as the bigger the size the higher the Mana consumption.

Controlling small green weeds was simple, but she was not like Shangguan Bing Xue who seemed to be especially talented at controlling the mana within her body nor was she like Bai Zemin, who was able to learn extremely fast to this new energy. Therefore, her limited Mana in comparison to both of them was rapidly running out.

"What? Arachnophobia?!"

When Bai Zemin heard about Shangguan Bing Xue's arachnophobia, he felt like cursing but in the end did not say anything. After all, it was natural for everyone to have their own weaknesses. It was just that he never expected that the cold and indifferent ice goddess Shangguan Bing Xue would actually fear spiders so much that she fainted.

Ten spiders were only two meters in front of Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun when they swooped toward them both with the intention of devouring them as more Wolf Spiders relentlessly arrived.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!...

Bai Zemin slashed ferociously at lightning speed and the ten horrifying-looking spiders were dismembered into countless pieces. However, he could not even breathe a sigh of relief when another twenty Wolf Spiders took the place of the previous ten.

Seeing their grotesque appearances and how they seemed to be endless, Bai Zemin suddenly felt that he understood a bit the defenseless beautiful woman behind him.

If he were alone, he could easily cut a bloody path through all these Wolf Spiders. However, with Wu Yijun here and Shangguan Bing Xue's unexpected fainting incident, such a thing was simply impossible.

Five minutes passed and the number of Wolf Spiders that Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun had killed together exceeded three thousand. The surroundings had been filled with dark blood belonging to the mutated spiders as their human face-sized bodies now began to endlessly pile up to form small mountains on both sides of the dirt road.

"There is no other choice."

Bai Zemin clicked his tongue and grumbled under his breath as he noticed how the beautiful Wu Yijun began to gasp heavily. She had killed so many Wolf Spiders that she had already leveled up once, but her Mana simply disappeared completely without a trace.

Even her Stamina was beginning to drain as she occasionally had no choice but to attack with the dagger Shangguan Bing Xue had given her several days ago.

*****************

A/N:

For every 150 Tickets I will publish 1 extra chapter. The chapters will be released in the next week