Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

"Set fire to the forest... Out of the question." Bai Zemin muttered as he swung his sword in a sharp, deadly whirlwind of blades.

Wolf Spiders were spiders that did not hunt prey with webs, so they were not troublesome to deal with except for their numbers.

??

Although they were disgusting and the putrid smell their bodies gave off when they were hacked to pieces was unbearable, Bai Zemin had already stained his body with too much of his enemies' blood to worry about anything like unpleasant smell or sight.

Even just using his sword and natural attributes, Bai Zemin had not allowed any spider to break through his defensive line. It didn't matter if it was in front, behind, left or right; any Wolf Spider that tried to advance beyond him or came too close to his body was torn into countless pieces of flesh.

As the blood accumulated and a dark reddish river with green tints formed around him along with the accumulation of incomplete corpses belonging to the Wolf Spiders, Bai Zemin was calmly thinking of a countermeasure for while this was a simple task for him, the fact that the Wolf Spiders continued to appear relentlessly could become a headache if he did not solve it as soon as possible.

Looking behind him, Bai Zemin saw Shangguan Bing Xue being hugged and pulled away from the blood-stained ground by an exhausted and panting Wu Yijun.

"Hey, Wu Yijun. Are you okay?" Bai Zemin asked. His voice did not contain the slightest bit of concern for the apparently fatal situation they were in.

"I-I'm so sorry, Bai Zemin." Wu Yijun gasped for air as she tried to stay as close to him as possible to avoid being reached by the mutated spiders.

Due to the sweat accumulated after fighting for twenty minutes without rest and activating her Plant Empowerment skill constantly consuming her Mana, the female police uniform Wu Yijun wore had clung to her seductive body in a particularly tempting manner while some strands of her silky black hair attached to her face and the edge of her lips.

Bai Zemin could not help but steal several glances at her secretly as even he was forced to admit that this woman was especially tempting due to her baby face and demonic body.

"Don't worry about it and rest for now." He half-heartedly replied as he swung his Xuanyuan Sword at speeds hard to notice with the naked eye. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The number of Wolf Spiders that had fallen at his hands now amounted to over five thousand. Among them, some were lower level than others while a few even rose to level ten.

The reason why he did not want to set the forest on fire was that the flames of the Blazing Ring were considerably strong flames and Bai Zemin did not know if the crimson fire would spread throughout the forest. If this happened then the entire military camp and the weapons inside would be covered by a sea of flames.

What he wanted were the weapons intact, not a pile of unused liquid metal.

"Then let's do it this way." Bai Zemin nodded to himself just in time as a message flashed across his retina.

[You have leveled up and reached level 38. You have obtained? two status points to distribute freely]

Indeed. Thought Bai Zemin not knowing whether to laugh or cry as he realized that he had absorbed so much Soul Power from weaker enemies that he had even been pushed to the next level.

After taking a deep breath, Bai Zemin swiftly waved his right hand and turned his body three hundred and sixty degrees while activating the crimson flame of the Blazing Ring.

However, his aim was not to attack.

The flames of the Blazing Ring could be used in two ways; to attack and destroy everything regardless of whether it was allied or enemy; to create a tiny barrier of flames meant to separate one area from another.

Swoosh!

The wind whistled and crimson flames roared as a fiery dome enveloped both Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue without warning. The blood five meters ahead immediately began to evaporate due to the abrupt temperature rise.

"Bai Zemin, what's going on?!" Wu Yijun asked in fright as she observed the terrifying scene of the Wolf Spiders leaping towards the flames relentlessly.

Because she did not possess a Blazing Ring she was unaware of the uses this treasure possessed, therefore, suddenly finding herself surrounded by a burning blaze of fire, Wu Yijun could not help but panic and unconsciously sought an answer from the only person she could depend on right now.

"Don't worry."

From outside the fire barrier, Bai Zemin's soothing voice reached her delicate ears with clarity.

"Just stay there for a moment, it will all be over soon."

Just hearing the calm coming from his almost magnetic voice was enough to make Wu Yijun noticeably calm down and, as a consequence, she was able to observe the situation better.

As the crimson fire barrier was thin, from the inside she could faintly see what was occurring on the outside. The terrifying face of the Wolf Spiders was reflected in the big dark pupils of the beauty but the most terrifying thing was that, just when the mutated spiders jumped into the air with the intention of penetrating the barrier, the fire immediately consumed them.

Squeak!

The Wolf Spiders that were surrounded by the crimson flame yelped in pain for a second before their bodies immediately curled up into a ball. The crimson flame continued to burn until the creatures were turned into a hard chunk of unrecognizable black charcoal.

In just a few moments, over a hundred Wolf Spiders had been consumed by the flames. However, before Wu Yijun had a chance to be more surprised, an even more incredible scene flashed in her pretty eyes.

Bang!

Bai Zemin stomped the ground beneath his feet with all his Strength and his powerful legs caused cracks to start appearing on the ground he was standing on. With another powerful bang that sent more than a dozen Wolf Spiders flying as a result of the shockwave, Bai Zemin's body shot into the sky like a space rocket.

The wind whistled tirelessly and everything around him became blurry due to the spontaneous speed. When he reached twenty meters high, his speed began to slow down but just as gravity threatened to drag him back to the ground, Bai Zemin fiercely kicked one of the giant trees beside him.

Bang!

The tree, over a hundred meters tall and with a trunk whose thickness was equivalent to more than five grown men linking their outstretched arms together, was split into two halves. The top half was sent flying while splinters of wood fell uncontrollably to the ground like endless drops of water.

As for Bai Zemin, due to the new momentary support and his explosive Strength, he was currently almost fifty meters above the ground. An action that in the past would be considered as fantasy or science fiction tales could now be carried out quite easily by a person like him after constantly evolving.

As he looked down to study the situation, Bai Zemin could feel all his hair stand on end and his face turned pale.