Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

What was worse than a mutated spider whose size had reached the face of a human being and, at worst, the size of a washbasin?

Well, a whole bunch of mutated spiders!

??

Bai Zemin could feel every cell in his body tremble; not out of fear, but due to disgust!

"Fortunately this woman, Shangguan Bing Xue, fainted or she might have a heart attack if she saw this." Bai Zemin couldn't help but laugh out loud as the wind shook his hair wildly.

Even as he looked at the endless sea of Wolf Spiders crawling from afar towards his position like bees attracted to honey, there was no sign of worry in his words or in his actions and gestures.

This was also natural considering that if he wanted to he could easily wipe out all of these spiders if given enough time. While it was not something that could be done in a day or two considering that there were definitely hundreds of thousands of hairy creatures crawling around on their legs, as a First Order existence Bai Zemin naturally had at least as much confidence in himself.

However, he had no intention of waiting that long.

He could also retreat, but then that would mean surrendering to the military camp; which was unacceptable. Instead, he decided to make a bloody mess.

Standing on top of a tree several hundred meters high, Bai Zemin could see the almost endless black sea below him. On the ground, the small barrier of crimson flames held back the relentless assault of the Wolf Spiders, firmly protecting the two women inside. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Bai Zemin took a deep breath and opened his eyes wide, preparing for what might be his first try at taking down an entire army single-handedly.

In fact, he knew that with his current strength he could fearlessly take on an entire armed battalion. However, what Bai Zemin was about to do was completely different!

The Mana inside his body began to buzz as it sensed his command. His breathing slowly began to become longer and deeper as his sight took in everything around him with clarity of detail.

His Blood Manipulation skill was an incredibly powerful skill, otherwise, a existence as incredibly powerful as Lilith would never have acted so surprised the first time she saw the scroll fall into his hands.

Of course, while it was true that the limits of the skill were in Bai Zemin's own imagination, he needed to first control his own skill as an expert while slowly mastering his control over mana. After all, when learning a skill scroll, one only learned to use the skill in a basic and simple way, not to master it immediately.

It was the same with cooking; one could know how to cook, but mastering the activity was completely different.

The current Bai Zemin was undoubtedly far more adept compared to his past when it came to using Blood Manipulation. That was precisely why he had decided to try something new and, at the same time, something completely terrifying.

From a distance, Lilith watched everything carefully. Her ruby-colored eyes had a strange glint in them and it was hard to tell what her exact thoughts were due to her calm and almost emotionless expression. However, only she knew how nervous she was secretly as what Bai Zemin was trying to do right now was incredibly challenging.

"Imagine... Imagine..." As if in a trance, Bai Zemin muttered under his breath.

His dark eyes were wide open trying to catch as many enemies within his line of sight as possible. The wind whistling in his ears, the situation of the two women below, even his own safety was 100% ignored as all his effort was focused purely and solely on his Blood Manipulation skill and the Mana within his body.

While it was true that it was impossible to do any action with his Blood Manipulation skill nor could he give it all sorts of forms as he really wanted since it was still a First Order skill, Bai Zemin believed that he could do what he was about to test.

Of course, the reason why he dared to try such a crazy thing as what he was about to perform was only partly due to the fact that his enemies were infinitely weaker than him. If they were enemies of level twenty or above, Bai Zemin would not waste his time with something that would definitely get him nowhere.

Suddenly his eyes flashed and it was just at that moment of inspiration and momentary confidence that he activated his Blood Manipulation skill.

BANG!

His thought process seemed to stall completely and without understanding what was happening his mind went blank. He lost control over himself as his eyes rolled back in the back of his head and his eyelids closed while he began to fall unconscious towards the ground powerless.

"The burden of such a crazy action is still too high even for you after all." Lilith whispered to herself and just as Bai Zemin was about to slam into the ground she caught him to greatly reduce the impact before immediately releasing him again.

Bang!

His body hit the ground noisily and a dense cloud of dust rose up with him as its center.

With him losing consciousness, the barrier of flames coming from his treasure that protected the two beautiful women inside it gradually dimmed until a few seconds later it disappeared completely.

"Bai-"

Through the barrier, Wu Yijun had barely made out Bai Zemin's body falling from the sky before she felt a loud bang a few meters away. When the barrier disappeared she immediately held onto Shangguan Bing Xue and wanted to run to help him as soon as possible and try to stop the mutated spiders from hurting him as although her Mana was practically completely exhausted, she had no choice but to do so.

However, just as she stepped out of the flame barrier with Shangguan Bing Xue still unconscious behind her back, the words that were about to leave her lips got stuck in her throat.

"W- What..."

She babbled incoherently as she took a step back.

Her black eyes widened and terror flashed in them as she viewed the scene not only in front of her, but also behind and to either side of her.

Just before the barrier of fire surrounded her and Shangguan Bing Xue, Wu Yijun had seen the endless sea of Wolf Spiders charging forward like an unstoppable tide. However, before her eyes, there was no trace of any Wolf Spider.

All she could see was blood.

A dense cloud of blood slowly ascending into the sky in a gaseous state! The putrid iron smell of blood assaulted her nostrils with every breath and the barely distinguishable burning smell made it even worse!

What happened! Wu Yijun was greatly shocked but no one could answer her doubts nor was there anyone present capable of calming her fears. Finally, the eyes of the beautiful Wu Yijun slowly turned in the direction where Bai Zemin had fallen earlier.

The whole forest was in absolute silence while the previously green grass and trees were now dyed red.