Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

As Wu Yijun slowly approached toward Bai Zemin's position, she had to grit her teeth to fight the urge to turn around and run away.

The entire place was covered by what appeared to be a dense red mist and if it was not for? constantly evolving through the incessant absorption of Soul Power, Wu Yijun estimated that she probably wouldn't be able to see more than a meter in front of her.

??

Her beautiful face and clothes now had small red moles on them; they were obviously tiny drops of blood that after coming in contact with her body immediately returned to a liquid state. Even the unconscious Shangguan Bing Xue was no different as her silver hair had some red strands mixed in with each other.

Arriving next to Bai Zemin's unmoving body, the first thing Wu Yijun did was to gently lower Shangguan Bing Xue's body and lay it down next to his so that she could check his current state.

"That's good..." She sighed in relief as she felt that he was still breathing.

Although his face was pale as a sheet with no trace of healthy red on it, although his heart seemed to be fluttering like a wild horse, and although his breathing was labored, as long as he was fine then everything was acceptable.

Wu Yijun was not a doctor nor did she know much about human anatomy. After all, in contrast to Bai Zemin, she was studying International Relations; a career that could help her a lot in the future when she would have to take an important position in the Chinese government... Of course, all this would be like this if it weren't for the appearance of the Soul Record and the change in society and the rules of the world.

"Hurry up and wake up..." Wu Yijun whispered softly as she looked at the unconscious young man with her two big eyes filled with complex emotions before observing the surroundings with a hint of fear and lingering disbelief.

Who had caused all this bloody mess? From where did all this blood come from? What had happened to the Wolf Spiders? These were all questions with answers that Wu Yijun already knew but somehow her unconscious refused to accept.

Who had caused all this bloody mess? Of course, it was the young man whose eyes were closed a few inches away.

However, how was it possible for a human being to do... All this. Wu Yijun couldn't help but remember the seemingly endless sea of Wolf Spiders and, while she didn't know the exact number, there should be at least a hundred thousand mutated spiders.

She had seen Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, Fu Xuefeng, Cai Jingyi, Kang Lan, and even she herself had participated in several battles against the zombies and other enemies until now after she acquired her First Order Plant Empowerment skill.

However, what was in front of her eyes was not something a human could do. Definitely not.

Wipe out an army of a hundred thousand enemies in a second... Something as far-fetched as that was beyond any imaginative concept for the dark-haired, baby-faced beauty. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Bai Zemin... Who are you really...?" She muttered and questioned in a low voice as she pushed aside the black hair covering his face.

Bai Zemin's appearance in the past was nothing noteworthy and was at best a 5/10. However, at this moment, thanks to constant evolution, his appearance had surpassed the average by a small margin. Of course, if it came to physical body, Bai Zemin's current body was perfection from a human point of view.

But to Wu Yijun, his physical appearance was of no importance. She was curious about his very being, and not about his appearance per se.

Excellent intelligence, incredible analytical ability, amazing adaptability, overflowing talent, and enough power to completely obliterate an army of enemies. His attitude was usually cold but he was not especially cruel and was even open enough to joke occasionally.

The more she looked at him, the more she felt that the young man who had his eyes closed as if he were sleeping was unusually attractive at the same time as her heart was fluttering.

A bitter smile appeared on Wu Yijun's face as she realized that she and he had probably crossed paths many times in the past at the university. However, she did not even know that a person named Bai Zemin existed in the world... In fact, she probably had not even given him a glance.

Wu Yijun believed that at some point she would become engaged to a handsome and talented young man. So how could she be interested in a young man who was average in every sense of the word like Bai Zemin?

But now it was he who didn't even give her an extra glance nor did he seem particularly warm or interested in getting close to her. In fact, when he said he had a complicated relationship with a woman, Wu Yijun knew she was jealous.

Unfortunately, the once average young man who was "unworthy" of a glance from her now didn't even consider her "worthy" of a second glance.

"Whoever didn't want it when they could and had the chance, won't be able to do it or have it when they want it since the chance won't be there..." Wu Yijun murmured a phrase that her grandfather liked very much and sighed.

"Ugh..."

A small groan beside her pulled her out of the strange knot of emotions she felt and she quickly turned around to see Shangguan Bing Xue slowly opening her eyes and struggling to sit up.

"Bing Xue!" Wu Yijun exclaimed bursting with joy. Her face lit up and she quickly moved forward while supporting her to sit up gently as she said, "How are you feeling? Are you in pain? Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?"

Shangguan Bing Xue gently shook her head and even without being aware of the situation due to the previous shock asked with a pale face, "Th-The spiders...?"

Wu Yijun blinked a couple of times before pointing at the surroundings with an extremely complex expression, "Look... They were all slaughtered."

"Slaughtered..." Shangguan Bing Xue repeated in relief. However, when her vision finally cleared and she saw the terrifying scene around her, her face froze and her thought process seemed to completely stagnate.

Wu Yijun continued, "Bai Zemin... He... I don't know how he did it. It was only a few seconds after he surrounded you and me with a fire barrier to protect us from the spiders... But when the fire barrier disappeared, the spiders were gone and the forest had become this bloody hell you see."

Shangguan Bing Xue did not respond and turned her face slightly to look at the pale face of an unconscious Bai Zemin. Her blue eyes glittered unnaturally and she was silent for almost a full minute before finally closing her eyes sighing heavily as she plopped down on the ground.

Her silver hair lay in disarray on the crimson grass as her beautiful eyes gazed absentmindedly up at the sky that seemed to have been dyed blood red.

Her red lips moved softly and she murmured words that only she could hear, so they would remain a mystery for a good while longer.