Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Feeling a great pain that seemed to come from deep inside him, Bai Zemin slowly and gently opened his eyes while making an inevitable grimace due to the pain that was barely tolerable even for him who had already received serious injuries once.

[You have received the Soul Power of Wolf Spider level 8]

??

[You have received the Soul Power of Wolf Spider level 7]

[You have received the Soul Power of Wolf Spider level 10]

...

Countless messages flashed in his retina in a matter of seconds and for a moment Bai Zemin was astonished and did not know how to react. In fact, he could barely remember what had happened before he fainted. However, the number of messages and their contents soon refreshed his memory, recalling the events in their entirety.

[You have level up to level 39. You have gained two status points to distribute freely]

Did I level up again? Bai Zemin blinked in confusion. However, he soon understood the reason and realized that it would indeed be stranger if he had not leveled up at least one level.

While it was true that the Wolf Spiders were low level monsters, their numbers were incredibly terrifying. Bai Zemin didn't know how much Soul Power from that specific type of creature he had absorbed, but it was definitely over a hundred thousand orbs.

This meant that he had completely slaughtered over a hundred thousand creatures in a flash...

Bai Zemin slowly sat up and felt a stinging pain again. However, this time the pain was coming from his head; somehow it felt like his head was going to split in two halves. But he fought against it and looked at his surroundings.

When he saw the blood hell around him, Bai Zemin couldn't help but gasp in shock... He had caused all this?! Although he already knew the answer, such a thought made all his skin crawl!

Even he himself felt scared in the face of such frightening destructive power!

"Ah! You're finally awake!"

As Bai Zemin stared at his hands in shock, a sweet voice shocked him out of his inner thoughts.

Looking to his right, he saw Wu Yijun and Shangguan Bing Xue sitting a short distance away. The person who had spoken before was Wu Yijun and apparently, she too had fallen asleep as her eyes had some laziness shining within them still.

As for Shangguan Bing Xue... Bai Zemin didn't even know what this woman was thinking. However, judging by how her blue eyes were as clear as the sky, she had definitely been awake for a long time and had probably been silently looking at him even when he woke up, watching his reactions.

"How long was I out?" Bai Zemin asked softly as he gently rubbed his head. He still felt that constant sharp pain, probably due to forcing himself to do something he was not yet properly prepared for.

Gathering information from so many enemies, sensing their presence and, even studying their Soul Power while imagining how the blood of each of them boiled and reached incredibly high temperatures was not easy at all. Much less when he needed to control his Mana and Magic carefully to avoid any kind of counterattack.

"It is currently 6 o'clock in the evening." Shangguan Bing Xue was the one who answered. "From the time you fainted until now it has been approximately around four hours only."

Hearing her words and seeing Wu Yijun nod, Bai Zemin secretly sighed in relief. Fortunately, it wasn't more hours or even days as it happened in the novels to the main characters, or else he wouldn't know what to do.

"Are you okay?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow and asked something not knowing whether to laugh or cry as he looked at the ice princess and pointed, "I'm talking about the spider matter."

Surprisingly, the usually cold and indifferent face like an ice iceberg that had remained frozen for countless Eras of Shangguan Bing Xue blushed slightly. In fact, it was so slight that Bai Zemin even thought it had been an illusion of his due to the blood in the surroundings.

"I'm fine." She replied as if nothing had happened and instead asked, "What about you? After performing a magical attack of such magnitude I don't think you're feeling perfectly fine, are you?"

Wu Yijun also looked at him with worried eyes and asked softly, "That's right, Bai Zemin. Just before, when I saw you fall from the sky and hit the ground so hard I thought you had died..."

Bai Zemin looked at both of them and shook his head lightly before replying in a low voice, "I'm fine... It' just this severe headache is becoming somewhat unbearable."

"Should we go back to rest?" Shangguan Bing Xue furrowed her eyebrows slightly and proposed, "I don't think it's worth continuing if you're not feeling well."

"I agree." Wu Yijun nodded with a serious expression and pointed out, "If another such huge pack of enemies or a powerful enemy appears it will only be you and Bing Xue against it. My level and overall strength is still not enough to support you in the way I would like."

"I don't think you are weak." Bai Zemin stood up with staggered steps and looked at the dark-haired beauty with a small smile, "Earlier, you did great. If it were another woman... No, even a man would probably turn around to run away in panic at the sight of so many enemies."

Wu Yijun blinked her big eyes a couple of times before smiling sweetly, "Thank you for being so kind!"

Bai Zemin looked at her curved crescent-shaped eyes and the little dimples that appeared on her cheeks whenever she smiled like that and couldn't help but think that she really looked like a little girl in these cases.

"We should continue." Bai Zemin concluded.

"Why are you so stubborn?" Shangguan Bing Xue frowned and stood up. She looked at him clearly annoyed and pointed out, "You are currently leading over fifteen hundred people. Many are depending on you. Even if that doesn't matter to you, didn't you want to find your family? Neither you nor I are aware of what lurks deeper in this forest. Is it so hard for you to wait one more day until your condition improves?"

Bai Zemin and Wu Yijun looked at her dumbfounded.

Was she worried for him? Or was it just natural reasoning of a person capable of staying calm and thinking clearly about the situation? Bai Zemin believed it was the second reason.

"Bing Xue you..." Wu Yijun seemed to want to say something but hesitated.

"What?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at her in confusion waiting for her to continue, but in the end, she simply shook her head and said it was nothing.

Bai Zemin looked at her and lightly replied, "It's not about that. It's just that currently time is really pressing on us."

He walked a few steps forward and pointed, "It hasn't even been a month since this whole mess broke out but there are already terrifying monsters running wild freely... If we don't get stronger, all of humanity will be annihilated. You understand me too, don't you?"

Shangguan Bing Xue bit her lower lip hard upon hearing his words and was forced to admit that Bai Zemin's words made a lot of sense.

From terrifying First Order creatures that were basically impervious to normal bullets to terrifying hordes of zombies or insects and animals. Every possible scenario was a hellish nightmare for humanity.

In fact, it was clear to Shangguan Bing Xue that were it not for the existence of Bai Zemin it was very probable that the entire group of students and teachers would still be stuck in the university unable to ever leave due to the existence of the mutated forest.

But not everyone would be so lucky... After all, in this world there was only one Bai Zemin. Shangguan Bing Xue did not believe that so many people capable of doing the same thing as him existed, much less after knowing that he had single-handedly obliterated an entire army of enemies. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Moreover, with the new appearance of the goblins to the whole disaster, the situation of the humans got even worse. It was just that most were unaware of this.

"Ah! What is this?" Bai Zemin interrupted her thoughts when he stumbled over something while walking in the surroundings.

"What's wrong?" Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun asked simultaneously.

Bai Zemin did not respond immediately and instead bent down to pick up the small object he had inadvertently kicked.

"This is..." Bai Zemin's eyes widened at the sight of the object in his hands and he couldn't help but gasp as a crazy thought flashed in his mind.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun looked at each other and walked toward him. When they reached his side they looked curiously at the object in his hand and both looked surprised.

The object was small, barely the size of a human fingernail. It was covered with imperfections and looked incomplete or chipped in several places so it was difficult to classify it according to its shape. However, its light blue color was incredibly beautiful and when the sun's rays that managed to break through the leaves of the tall trees illuminated it, it shone beautifully.

Of course, the object was a Soul Stone.

"If this Soul Stone came from the Wolf Spiders..." Bai Zemin muttered to himself and stood up in shock. His eyes lit up intensely and his heart jumped wildly as he realized that he might have perhaps obtained unexpected fortune.