Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

BOOM!

The gazes of Bai Zemin and the giant robotic-looking elephant met at the same instant their bodies clashed.

??

The futuristic-looking elephant stomped the ground heavily intending to send the little ant in front of it to fly, but to its utter surprise, its Strength was not enough to shake its enemy.

So far, the two elephants whose body was covered with a strange metallic armor had always been able to send their enemies flying. Their terrifying charges represented total destruction and anything that got in their paths was immediately overwhelmed. Both creatures were two little overlords in this entire forest and even among the First Order beasts they were respected by the rest.

However... One of those terrifying monsters had been stopped in its tracks without being able to advance another step!

The giant elephant opened its mouth filled with the blood of some other creature it had probably recently eaten and roared.

"Roar all you want..." Bai Zemin sneered as his hair shook at his enemy's roar.

Without warning, he too gave his own war roar and took a step forward as all his muscles swelled to the maximum extent possible.

The giant elephant's eyes widened in shock as he was forced to take a minuscule step backward. One of its hind legs recoiled so slightly that it was almost imperceptible, but it was something that happened.

Bai Zemin smiled and took another step forward, forcing the giant beast back another short step and crushing a few Unclassified mutant beasts charging from the back of the herd.

The second armored elephant roared angrily as it saw one of its fellow armored elephants being forced back and changed its charging course.? With a second thunderous roar that sent shockwaves capable of crushing the eardrums of a normal person, the creature lowered its head and pointed its two ivories to the front as it looked at Bai Zemin with bloodshot eyes.

At the same time, the four house-sized First Order lions slowed their steps, raising a cloud of dust in the process and charged towards Bai Zemin at the speed of a whirlwind while freezing the ground with every step they took.

The two bulls with reddish skin and the three black-armored giant rhinos also roared and rushed toward Bai Zemin right behind the second robotic elephant and the three First Order lions.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun could not help but feel their skin ruffled as they saw the giant monsters all running in the same direction with the intention of crushing on Bai Zemin whose size was that of an ant in comparison.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

The eyes of the four First Order lions glowed with a blue flash, and with a fierce roar, several giant ice stakes shot out from the ground and pierced Bai Zemin's body mercilessly.

Just as he was about to be wounded, the Broken Bronze Bell flew out of his pocket and floated above his head releasing a yellow colored barrier.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The sharp ice stakes over a meter thick hit the barrier and slowly cracks began to spread across the protective layer that threatened to collapse under the pressure soon.

Bai Zemin half-closed his eyes and held his position without moving as the barrier protected him from the ranged attacks of the First Order lions for a mere five seconds before the barrier finally broke into pieces and the Broken Bronze Bell flew back into his pocket without power.

Just then the second robotic elephant headed forward and Bai Zemin laughed. He stopped pressing the robotic elephant he was holding tightly with both hands and activated his Unstoppable Front Charge skill.

Swoosh!

His body seemed to turn into a shadow that slid across the ground and passed underneath the body of the robotic elephant that was being restrained. In just 0.01 seconds, Bai Zemin had appeared ten meters behind it. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

BOOM!

ROAR!

Just then, just a split second later there was a huge boom behind Bai Zemin and a terrifying roar that was filled with pain.

It turned out that the second robotic elephant charging forward actually failed to stop its charge as it clearly did not expect its target to disappear without a trace in such a short time so its two brilliant ivories pierced through the apparently impenetrable armor of the first robotic elephant that Bai Zemin was contending with!

But this was not all. When the first robotic elephant was deeply wounded in the abdomen by its companion of the same species, it was forced to walk to the left and as a consequence one of the black-armored rhinos hit it hard and sent it flying more than twenty meters forward!

As for Bai Zemin... He had appeared right in front of one of the four First Order lions.

The beast's blue eyes looked astonished at the sudden appearance of a shadow that grew bigger and bigger in its pupils and just as it was about to open its mouth to bite, the enemy attack reached it.

"Grit your teeth well, Jungle King!" Bai Zemin laughed out loud and pulled the Xuanyuan Sword out of its sheath as his whole body whirled like a spinning top before slashing with all his might diagonally.

BOOM!!!

When the metal blade of the Xuanyuan Sword impacted onto the First Order lion's head, a deep bloody wound appeared. However, not even a flicker of time later, the entire head of the beast broke into thousands of pieces.

The red blood and flesh of the evolved beast tainted the entire battlefield and the now headless three-meter body was sent flying straight backward, smashing into several trees in the process and destroying everything in its path.

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Frost Control Lion level 44. You have obtained +10 Strength, +8 Agility, +4 Stamina, +4 Health, +4 Mana]

If it were in normal times, Bai Zemin would definitely not be able to take out the life of the Frost Control Lion with a single attack and in such a simple manner. However, with the increased power that Blood Will currently granted him, as well as the 20% increased attack power from using a sword that his Blood Berserker class passively conferred upon him, the situation was different.

The current him had almost 40% extra attack power!

Roar!

The ten First Order beasts raged and roared in unison as they looked at him with bloodshot eyes.

Bai Zemin looked at them back and a torturous smile appeared on his lips as he stretched his hand forward and pointed at the injured elephant that was looking at him as if it wanted to devour him with its eyes.

Too bad, the beast had no such ability.

"Die." Bai Zemin declared and directly spent 100 Mana points.

The blood flowing from the body of the wounded robotic elephant moved in order at his command and as if countless small threads began to cut into the flesh of the beast that soon began to run uncontrollably in tearing pain.

However, its uncontrolled charge did not last even two seconds as in the next instant its body shuddered and fell heavily forward as the glow of life left it while an orb of Soul Power was absorbed by Bai Zemin.