Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Armored Elephant level 48. You have obtained Strength +15, Stamina +10, Health +10]

With the thin but terrifying strands of blood formed by Bai Zemin under the command of his Blood Manipulation skill, the inside of the First Order Armored Elephant's already wounded body was torn apart and its heart was completely destroyed.

??

In fact, Bai Zemin did not care about anything but killing his enemy and that was precisely why he expended so much Mana all at once. Otherwise, the cost would have been considerably lower.

However, the current situation did not allow Bai Zemin to rest as although he was strong, he was still facing several First Order existences at the same time.

The three Frost Control Lions roared at the same time and expelled a powerful ice breath that seemed to be able to freeze everything in its path. In fact, although the frozen breath had not touched the ground and passed over two meters high, a thick line over five meters thick covered every part it passed through as if it were a laser beam of ice frost.

Bai Zemin did not dare to take such a magical attack head-on when he saw the terrifying effect it had on the environment and quickly stomped on the corpse of the Frost Control Lion he had killed a moment ago to propel himself sideways.

However, he still underestimated too much the speed at which the three frozen breaths flew. While the attack did not hit him directly, only the close aura that came into contact with his body caused a thin layer of ice to appear above him.

"Damn it!" he couldn't help but curse. His black hair now had a thin layer of light blue in it just like his Full Coat. His movements naturally became slower and after a quick analysis, Bai Zemin realized to his utter dismay that in fact. he had lost 15% of his mobility.

Although I wanted to restrain myself just in case, I'd better finish this as soon as possible. Bai Zemin thought with a frown.

He was afraid of mishaps happening, and that was precisely why he hadn't been using his full power. However, the power of First Order creatures could not be ignored; especially their unpredictable skills!

Roar!

Just as Bai Zemin thought this, the two three-meter bulls with reddish skin let out a strange roar and their two eyes turned completely red. A strange reddish aura glowed over their bodies and the speed of the two beasts seemed to become faster at the same time as their bodies grew almost a meter taller.

The three black-armored rhinos and the last First Order Armored Elephant lowered their heads in attack position and began to charge wildly towards him.

The Frost Control Lions also did not stop after their previous attack and immediately roared skyward again. Dozens of small, thin ice spears appeared above their heads and blasted towards Bai Zemin.

From the left, from the right, and from the front; Bai Zemin was attacked from all sides except the back. However, instead of retreating, he snorted and activated for the first time a terrifying skill he had obtained a short while ago. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

In fact, this skill was from a certain point of view the most powerful skill in his arsenal.

After directly spending 40 Stamina points, the rune in his soul that represented the active skill Second Order Lightning Movement level 5 flashed.

In that instant, everything seemed to slow down.

However, Bai Zemin knew that this was just his own perception of the world around him. It wasn't that everything had become slower; it was that he had suddenly become explosively faster!

Above his body, small blue lightning flashed constantly like mischievous snakes. All these lightning flashes disappeared inside his body and kept his whole body in a strange state of alarm.

Bai Zemin's eyes glittered and with a slight step forward his body seemed to shudder for a moment.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The magical ice spears that the two Frost Control Lions conjured hit the ground hard and a large frozen cloud slowly rose into the sky.

Swoosh!

With an almost imperceptible sound were it not for the tiny crackling lightning flashes on his body, Bai Zemin appeared right above the head of one of the Frost Control Lions.

The beast didn't even seem to be aware that its enemy was right on top of it as it was still casting ice spells towards the same area, just like its fellow of the same species.

BOOM!

Bai Zemin punched with both fists forward not once, but more than two hundred times in just one second! The result was a thunderous explosion even more powerful than all the previous ones and the head of the Frost Control Lion exploded into a thousand pieces just like the previous one!

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Frost Control Lion level 45. You have obtained +5 Strength, +3 Agility, +1 Health, +1 Mana]

With now over 280 Agility points, Bai Zemin was like a ghost. The other First Order existences simply had no way of noticing his movements and before they could react, the head of the last Frost Control Lion exploded in a bloody mess as well, drenching the ground in red.

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Frost Control Lion level 44]

"No more stats, huh..." Bai Zemin's voice rang out on the battlefield but his body could hardly be seen except for the trail of small blue lightning that he left behind wherever he passed by.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun had almost finished annihilating all the Unclassified enemy beasts, with only about a hundred remaining. Although Wu Yijun was panting slightly, she still showed no signs of running out of Mana, which was only natural considering that she had gone through a much more terrifying experience than this a few hours ago.

However, both women's movements stalled for a moment as they looked dumbfounded at the scene in front of them.

Shangguan Bing Xue herself was a powerful First Order existence in her own right, and an extremely powerful one among the First Orders. But even she could barely discern even a trace of Bai Zemin.

To her surprise, fear, and frustration, she realized that if he so wished, she would not be able to survive a single exchange!

"What skill is that...?" She muttered in stupefaction as she noticed the lightning flashing steadily.

Bai Zemin didn't stop. He leaned forward and with a swing appeared right under the last remaining Frost Control Lion alive and swung the Xuanyuan Sword with all his might upwards.

BANG!

The body of the First Order Frost Control Lion was lifted off the ground over ten feet and roared in pain as blood spilled out of its mouth and spurted like a fountain from its stomach.

"Blood Spears!" Bai Zemin charged towards the last living First Order Armored Elephant as he pointed behind him and bellowed.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The red blood with a slight chilling aura of the Frost Control Lion swished, forming dozens of bloody spears and with a wave of his hands pierced the body of the already wounded beast.

The lion roared in pain and rolled on the ground, losing all battle power and dying a moment later.

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Frost Control Lion level 45]

Just as the Soul Record message flashed in his retina, Bai Zemin had jumped high into the sky and was currently running along the upper back of the Armored Elephant.