Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The last living Armored Elephant could feel its hated enemy standing over its body so it immediately began to shake as roars of fury escaped from its huge mouth.

Bai Zemin was shaken hard but gritted his teeth and clung to the beast's hard metal-like skin as it continued to make its way towards the head.

??

The Armored Elephant soon realized that its efforts were being thwarted so it without hesitation swung its tail and long nose to its back with the intention of either slapping the ant out of its body or crushing it to death.

Fortunately, Bai Zemin was already prepared so under his control, four blood shields flew behind his back just above his body, one on top of the other with a small air gap in between.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

The beast's tail and nose pierced through the first and second blood shields with ease, destroying them and splattering its back with the blood belonging to one of the previously slain Frost Control Lions.

The third shield was also crushed into liquid droplets again, but the power of the monster's two physical weapons clearly no longer had the same power as before as when they struck on the fourth and last shield, although succeeding in cracking it, did not manage to break through any further so the Armored Elephant had to withdraw its nose and tail to shake them once more.

However, that was all it took for Bai Zemin to successfully reach the giant monster's head and stab down at full power with his sword.

Clang!

Not to his surprise, the tip of the Xuanyuan Sword failed to penetrate in the slightest and except for a thin white dot, nothing else happened. Bai Zemin clicked his tongue in annoyance and began to strike furiously without any ability and just used the sword as if it were a baseball bat.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

With terrifying speed, the attacks accumulated rapidly until the metal armor covering the creature's head cracked, revealing the tender red flesh inside. Bai Zemin took advantage and immediately spent another 100 Mana points to reverse the blood and make several bloody spears that pierced the monster's brain, killing it immediately.

The massive creature's body fell downward raising a huge cloud of dust and causing the ground to shake violently.

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Armored Elephant level 50. You have obtained Strength +10, Stamina +10, Health +5]

In the air, Bai Zemin received the message from the Soul Record and was secretly surprised. His heart filled with fear as he realized that this Armored Elephant was an existence on the threshold between the First Order and the Second Order, just one step away from becoming a terrifying being!

He had barely reached the ground when he was greeted by the enraged charge of the two First Order bulls. However...

Swoosh! Swoosh!

The wind howled and the two creatures continued their charge when suddenly their bodies were cut in two halves.

Blood along with flesh and internal organs splattered all over the ground, joining the pool of blood that was beginning to form after the constant bloody accumulation of so many huge creatures.

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Impetus Bull Aura level 38]

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Impetus Bull Aura level 39]

Bai Zemin stopped and looked back over his shoulder. The Xuanyuan Sword in his right hand dripped with the blood of the recently slayed enemies.

As if they did not know the meaning of the fear of death, the three black-armored rhinos and the only enemy First Order beings on the battlefield charged forward while roaring loudly. Their hooves left deep marks in their tracks and the earth shook with every movement.

Just the sight of such terrifying beings of overwhelming size was more than enough to scare any human. Even more so considering that the physique of humans was naturally weaker than that of animals, something that even the Soul Record could not change.

Most of the time, when a human and a beast of the same level faced each other, the beast had a better chance of winning. These were innate qualities that could not be changed.

Of course, there were also species that were not different from humans with terrifying physiques. However, this was something from other worlds and not the Earth where Bai Zemin was born.

Bai Zemin advanced instead of retreating, engaging in close combat with the three black-armored rhinoceroses. The beasts possessed especially terrifying defense and their Strength was monstrous; however, Bai Zemin's Agility under the use of his Lightning Movement skill was comparable to a Second Order existence! Therefore, the three beasts could not even touch him and the bloody wounds soon began to pile up.

Shangguan Bing Xue clenched her pearly teeth secretly and her eyes glittered strangely. She pointed her delicate hand skyward and her cold voice rang out, "Ice Bullets!"

Over a hundred ice bullets appeared several meters above the ground and with a wave of her hand they began to bombard the battlefield.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The Unclassified beasts numbering approximately about a hundred were now scattered, thus several ice bullets hit the ground and created small holes that were soon sealed by a thin layer of ice.

However, Shangguan Bing Xue had launched a large-scale attack and had not focused on accuracy, instead her main goal was to wipe out as many enemies as possible in the shortest amount of time.

Roar! Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Roar!

...

Several Unclassified beasts were pierced in different parts of their bodies. The ice bullets heavily compressed with Mana and Magic created by Shangguan Bing Xue had pierced them from side to side and thumb-sized bloody holes began to appear on several of them.

Even those that had been directly slaughtered by one or more ice bullets to the head were not spared from having their bodies brutally pierced several more times by Shangguan Bing Xue's skill.

Swoosh!

Suddenly, a silhouette appeared and with a punch, a mutated dog's head was smashed.

Shangguan Bing Xue sighed as she saw Bai Zemin start attacking the weaker beasts, as this meant that he had finished first. However, before she could think too much, her mind went blank as she saw two more Bai Zemin appearing on the battlefield and starting a massacre on the few beasts that had not yet died!

"What?!" Wu Yijun exclaimed in shock as she witnessed the scene unfold.

"Looks like I finished my work sooner."

A voice with a hint of mockery sounded from behind both of them and the two women hurriedly turned around as they recognized that unmistakable voice.

"You..." Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes widened as she looked at Bai Zemin standing only a few steps away.

Wu Yijun rubbed her big eyes several times and turned her head repeatedly to look behind her and then ahead. However, no matter what she did, the reality did not change.

Indeed, there were four Bai Zemin.

Behind the Bai Zemin who looked at them with a small smile on his face, the corpses of the three black-armored rhinoceroses lay on the ground with numerous wounds and their bodies in a bloody mess.