Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing the two women in front of him looking at him with surprise impossible to conceal or hide, Bai Zemin naturally understood the reason.

"That is one of my skills. Those three are my clones." He explained without giving too many details about it.

??

Shangguan Bing Xue blinked, causing her long eyelashes to flicker gently, and after a moment of hesitation simply nodded without commenting any further on the matter before looking at the three clones unleashing a massacre among the Unclassified beasts.

Although she did not know what kind of skill it was, after looking carefully she easily noticed that although all three were clones of Bai Zemin, the overall strength of the three was infinitely lower than the real body. Occasionally there was a level 25 creature at the threshold of evolution that managed to survive one or two strikes from one of the clones before dying, which if it possessed 100% of Bai Zemin's real power would never happen.

This was also natural and allowed Shangguan Bing Xue's beating heart to calm down a bit. After all, if a single Bai Zemin was already a monster, then four of him with such power would make him practically unstoppable; which made no sense considering that the Soul Record had arrived on Earth a little less than a month ago.

Even monsters needed time to grow.

"Woah! That lightning skill must be awesome!" Wu Yijun exclaimed like an excited little girl as she watched the blue lightning flashes appearing and disappearing on the surface of Bai Zemin's body.

He just smiled slightly and said nothing about it.

Lightning Movement was a powerful Second Order skill at its maximum level, how could it be normal? Besides, Lilith even said that it was one of the strongest skills of one of the Archangels of the Heaven's Army that the Bible God led.

Given that the effect of the skill that boosted his Agility by +70 points still lingered, the lightning flashing on his body was too obvious to be ignored. As he did not consume extra Stamina by keeping the skill active, Bai Zemin did not think about deactivating it as it would be pointless to do that to begin with.

As the clones made a quick work on the few Unclassified beasts, Bai Zemin lamented silently that he had not received any extra stats from the black-armored rhinos. Still, he managed to level up to level 40 and gain another two stat points to distribute freely.

In short, he had to absorb the Soul Power of eleven First Order existences, his own category, as well as the Soul Power of several weaker enemies, to raise just one level.

[Bai Zemin (First Order) -

Status Points: 62

Level: 40

Race: Human

Class: Blood Berserker (Blood Will Mode)

Subclass: Lower Leader

Title: One Hit to Kill

Strength: 199 (+30) / Agility: 197 (+15)= 212 ---> 282 / Health: 233 (+5) / Stamina: 371 (+5)= 376 ---> 321 / Mana: 297 (+50)= 347 ---> 160 / Magic: 249 (+90) ]

Skills:

Blood Manipulation (First Order active skill) level 5 / Special Forces Soldier (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Stone Heart (Third Order passive skill) level 5 / Superhuman Health (First Order passive skill) level 1 / Bronze Skin (First Order passive skill) level 5 / Mechanic? (Unranked passive skill) level 3 / Throwing (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Blood Will (First Order passive skill) level 5 / Crimson Blood Judgment (Third Order active skill) level 5 / Regeneration (First Order active skill) Lvl 5 / Danger Sense (Unranked passive skill) level 5 / Unstoppable Front Charge (Unranked active skill) level 5 / Lightning Movement (Second Order active skill) level 5 ]

So many status points. Bai Zemin was secretly surprised as he took a quick glance at his status window.

At some point he had simply stopped paying attention to the accumulated status points. He knew they were there and that in times of crisis he could rely on a powerful power boost, it was just that with so many things on his mind and so much work to do, even he himself was not aware that he had gradually accumulated a vast amount of points.

In fact, the amount was so great that it was even equivalent to absorbing a large amount of Soul Power from a powerful enemy. The only difference was that he could use those points in any stat he wanted and improve a particular aspect depending on the situation.

Just like in the situation against the Great Fast Mantis, if he encountered an enemy who was able to overcome his Agility by a wide margin, then Bai Zemin would use his status points to improve that stat and, at the very least, reduce that gap as much as possible.

Depending on the enemy he needed to face, Bai Zemin had a powerful life insurance up his sleeve that no one else knew about except him and Lilith.

Thinking about what kind of reaction Shangguan Bing Xue and the rest would have if they knew that he actually still had so much power in reserve, Bai Zemin felt a little amused inside. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Soon, the three clones of Bai Zemin finished off the rest of the enemies. Since the purge had been quick thanks to Wu Yijun, who still needed the Soul Power and extra stats, he had only consumed roughly six Stamina points from the appearance of the clones.

[Blood Will: 48% / 50%]

The three looked at each other and all saw relief in their eyes.

From the first instant they set foot in this forest, the oppressive aura of mystery, the fear of the unknown, as well as the instinct of danger, had been constantly pressing on their shoulders.

Now that the last wave of monsters had been wiped out, they could finally take the final few steps and reach the reward they had been working so hard for.

In fact, except for the few hours they slept in the morning to make up for the sleepless night due to the overnight ride, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Wu Yijun had been fighting and scouting without even stopping to have a proper meal.

As for Bai Zemin, he hadn't even slept except when he lost consciousness after forcing himself too much.

"Let's let the survivors look over the bodies of the Unclassified animals later when we bring a team to collect the armed arsenal and the Soul Stones." Bai Zemin looked at the two women in front of him and remarked, "However, we'd better check if we can find First Order Soul Stones in those ten evolved beasts."

The two women nodded with eyes glittering with comprehension.

If another beast appeared in the area and started eating the flesh of the killed First Order there was a possibility that it would eat the Soul Stones in case any of the corpses had one.

Unclassified animals or insects rarely approached areas where the First Order lurked and even after their deaths, corpses overflowing with mana was enough to keep them away for several days. However, other First Order existences did not fear.

In addition, although it was highly improbable, there was also the small possibility that some powerful human would dare to venture into the forest and if by coincidence they reached this battlefield and encountered the First Order Soul Stones, Bai Zemin and the rest would have nowhere to cry later.

Therefore, to avoid all this, the three of them began to work together in search of the precious but scarce First Order Soul Stones.