Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Holding his Desert Eagle in his right hand, Bai Zemin aimed at the zombies and fired continuously.

His expression was so nonchalant that he looked like a person playing a target shooting video game on a console rather than a person who was firing a real weapon to take the lives of "people" who in the past were the protectors of his homeland.

??

The zombies were constantly moving, which made it difficult to aim and greatly decreased the hit rate. However, this was only for a normal soldier.

From a distance of less than a hundred meters, it was simply impossible for Bai Zemin to miss unless the zombies' movement speed was infinitely higher than the current one. Therefore, each shot impacted powerfully on a zombie's forehead, exploding their heads and staining the ground with blood and brain matter.

After finishing the first magazine, Bai Zemin took out another one and calmly replaced it before resuming the one-sided slaughter. With each shot, a zombie would fall and Bai Zemin would step forward.

Although he could simply decapitate them all, he wanted to improve his current marksmanship even more. While it was true that the Special Forces Soldier skill gave him a high level of hit rate, he himself could improve that marksmanship by practicing on his own.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him for a moment before hesitating and pulling out a Type 54 pistol from her waist. She took a second to aim at a zombie more than thirty meters ahead and then pulled the trigger without changing her expression.

Bang!

A bloody wound appeared on the zombie's head and the creature deprived of all reasoning fell lifeless to the ground. A small orb of Soul Power came out of its body and entered Shangguan Bing Xue's body, however, the difference between the Soul Power gained and not having gained anything was not so big to the current her.

Bai Zemin looked at her with indifferent eyes before continuing to shoot. However, he was secretly surprised by her marksmanship. Seeing her shoot in such a manner made his thought that she was part of a powerful family only increased even more.

Although it was possible that she had obtained some skill scroll that granted her such marksmanship, his instinct told him that this was not the case here.

Wu Yijun shrugged her shoulders at the sight of the two of them shooting zombies to death and stood in a corner as she surveyed the surroundings with her big eyes filled with curiosity.

Because she had not trained in any martial arts or anything similar, Wu Yijun had been just an ordinary girl without any outstanding physical prowess before the intervention of the Soul Record on Earth.

In fact, Bai Zemin was not much different from Wu Yijun in this respect. Although he was stronger and faster than the average person, he was completely within human limits and was nothing exaggerated.

However, after being constantly enhanced by the power of the Soul Record having absorbed the Soul Power of different types of beings, both of them had acquired a number of different combat skills that increased their overall power by a wide margin. It was just that these skills consumed too much additional Mana and Stamina so they could not be depended upon at all times.

Furthermore, while it was true that evolved First Order creatures were almost completely immune to firearms, this type of existences were still relatively rare in comparison. Therefore, the firearms created by mankind were extremely useful and powerful against Unclassified enemies.

Mastering marksmanship and increasing the hit rate of shots not only prevented Stamina from being consumed, but as a consequence, the chances of survival in different situations would also be higher.

After Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue drew all the zombies after making a commotion with more than forty shots, he unsheathed his Xuanyuan Sword and rushed forward like an arrow.

His right hand seemed to turn into a shadow and in the blink of an eye, the heads of several zombies flew through the air bringing with them seemingly endless torrents of blood.

Shangguan Bing Xue was not far behind either as with a simple wave of her hand, several ice bullets appeared above her and in the next instant they shot out towards different targets.

The zombies that were hit by the ice bullets died regardless of whether they were hit in the head or not. This was because they were all turned into frozen ice statues before exploding into pieces, filling the ground with tiny pieces of ice that looked like beautiful, delicate crystals.

After eliminating the zombies, Bai Zemin in the company of the two women explored the military camp carefully to make sure that there was no hidden danger.

When the group wiped out all the hostile beings inside the military camp that were moving freely, they divided into two groups.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun went to check the parking area for heavy vehicles with military weapons. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

As for Bai Zemin, he hurriedly ran to the storage locker where the armaments were kept following the directions Wu Yijun had given him before.

"So that's how it is..." Bai Zemin muttered to himself.

In front of him, a metal door that was firmly closed with several electronic security locks barred his way. The door was obviously made of extremely strong metal capable of resisting external firepower.

"However, you can't stop me."

He unsheathed his Xuanyuan Sword and placed the tip on the metal door. Then he pushed inward, easily piercing through the door until half of the over a meter long sword blade had disappeared out of sight.

Like a knife slicing? through hot butter, the Xuanyuan Sword's blade easily cut the military security door open in half in a matter of seconds.

The Xuanyuan Sword might not be able to pierce the defense of First Order creatures that exceeded level 40 by a wide margin. However, being able to pierce the defenses of an armored vehicle, cutting this metal door was not a challenge at all for Bai Zemin.

Boom!

The multi-ton heavy door fell heavily backward and the ground shook fiercely, causing several cracks to spread across the thick concrete walls of the vault.

Bai Zemin took a step forward but just then his Blood Will skill activated and his expression changed slightly.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!...

A golden shower of bullets from inside the vault suddenly fell on Bai Zemin and his body was hit countless times!

A dozen men dressed in military uniforms held Type 56 semi-automatic assault rifles in their hands and opened fire without hesitation while looking in the direction of the door with eyes filled with fear.

Due to his Bronze Skin skill, which gave him a tougher and more resistant skin than any living being before the awakening of mana with the intervention of the Soul Record, normal bullets could no longer hurt Bai Zemin.

Only armor-piercing bullets or heavy weapon bullets could actually pierce through his defenses. However, that did not mean that he was immune to bullets completely.

Bai Zemin quickly raised both arms in a cross and hurriedly covered his face and head as pain flashed in his eyes.