Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"Fu Qigang, why don't you bring your men and join me?" Bai Zemin proposed. His face was serious as he said word after word, "The world as we know it has fallen. The society of the past and the rules no longer exist. The whole globe is in chaos with zombies and mutated animals running freely in the streets while humanity hides in a corner like sewer rats, barely subsisting."

Hearing Bai Zemin's words, Fu Qigang secretly sighed and looked somewhat disappointed. However, Bai Zemin continued:

??

"Of course, I am neither a hero nor so naive as to want to save mankind. But I will do my best to create my own safe place. For myself and for my loved ones, I need to fight against enemies... And, while I'm at it, I wouldn't mind helping other people as long as they are not a heavy burden to me."

Fu Qigang felt relief in his heart and a small smile rose on his face.

In fact, the reason why he had decided to have a serious conversation with Bai Zemin was mainly because the compressed food was running out; at most, the military would have food for another week, and if they took special care, maybe ten days.

However, after that what?

Fu Qigang knew that with the current firepower, it was impossible for his thirteen-man team to leave this forest safely. If one of those giant wolf-like creatures appeared, then the whole team would undoubtedly be annihilated.

Therefore, he had wanted to bet on a strong person to get out of here. As for the future, Fu Qigang had not thought that far ahead; for him, the main priority was to leave this hell surrounded by warm-looking but secretly dangerous trees and flowers.

However, when he heard the first words of the young man in front of him, Fu Qigang was disappointed and thought that someone young was really not good at leading.

To be a hero? What Fu Qigang needed was a leader with his feet firmly on the ground, not a delusional hero who lived in an imaginary world. He could not simply leave the lives of his brothers in the hands of such a person.

Fortunately, his fears turned out not to be correct.

Fu Qigang nodded as if satisfied with his answer and looked at Bai Zemin calmly before saying, "We can decide once we leave this place?"

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and his mind rushed wildly as hundreds of thoughts flashed in his brain. After a moment, he smiled slightly and said, "Sure. I have a village set up with a perimeter of about ten kilometers around secured. You and your brothers can rest and eat something there before you decide."

Fu Qigang was slightly surprised, expecting more resistance from Bai Zemin. However, since the other party was so affable, it was all the better for him.

"Good! Then let's do that!" Fu Qigang laughed out loud and made a military salute, to which Bai Zemin replied with a smile.

Of course, he knew Fu Qigang's thoughts.

Before making a decision, Fu Qigang needed to check how strong Bai Zemin really was and what he was capable of. After all, he could not leave a hell to dive headlong into another even worse one.

Besides, Fu Qigang probably also wanted to see what his leadership and ideas were like in the short or long term. Only then would he decide whether to join under his standard or not.

But this is also fine. Bai Zemin thought secretly. He just had to do what he had been doing so far and everything would work out naturally.

"Then..." Bai Zemin smiled slightly and pointed at the several closed metal boxes before saying, "Do you mind if I take a look at my spoils of war?"

Although he wanted the soldiers to become his subordinates, Bai Zemin would definitely not give up the weaponry. He had gone through a lot to get this far and he was going to take it by hook or by crook.

The face of one or two military men changed slightly upon hearing his words; after all, it was their mission to protect these weapons. However, Fu Qigang nodded and said matter-of-factly, "Go ahead, all yours."

"Then, excuse me." Bai Zemin chuckled and took out a fiber cable from his backpack.

Then, he walked over to one of the boxes and tied the cable to the top before walking away and pulling it tightly to him.

Bang!

The cover sealing the box fell heavily to the ground, revealing ammunition inside.

Bai Zemin did not stop and opened all the boxes one by one using the same method. His greatest defense, the Broken Bronze Bell, was without power; therefore, Bai Zemin did not dare to act casually. If there were any booby traps inside the boxes, then his life could end just like that and he wouldn't even have time to regret it later.

Fu Qigang knew that he was being cautious and did not confide in them, that was why he was doing what he was doing. However, Fu Qigang did not feel upset; on the contrary, he was even happier because the more cautious the leader was, the less danger his subordinates would be in.

After opening more than twenty boxes and finding several hundred thousand rounds of ammunition and even tank cannons, Bai Zemin looked at Fu Qigang and asked with a frown, "What about the guns?"

"They are here. Follow me." Fu Qigang chuckled and led him to the back of the vault, revealing a hidden door in the wall.

Seeing this, Bai Zemin was secretly glad he hadn't killed everyone, or else it might take quite some time to find this door. From the outside, it looked like just another extension of the wall and there was nothing different to identify the hidden door.

Upon entering the hidden room, Bai Zemin's eyes lit up and he quickly approached one of the shelves filled with weapons.

Type 56 Semi-automatic rifle, type 53 heavy machine gun, type 67 heavy machine gun, type 81 assault rifle, type 79 assault rifle, type 81 rifle. Many types of firearms developed between approximately 1950 and 1990; all of them had great firing power and even some with great destructive power.

Even now, Bai Zemin himself would not be able to survive if a 7.62 caliber bullet hit him in the head!

But this was not all.

Hahahaha, I really won big this time! Bai Zemin laughed out loud inside as he rushed over to the bottom shelf and picked up a modified 88-type marksman rifle carefully. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This type of rifle was similar to a normal sniper, but with the difference that it was capable of firing bursts like a semi-automatic weapon, being even more lethal as its scope allowed it to take out targets from over 1 km range!

"Incendiary bullet and armor-piercing bullet!" Bai Zemin's eyes sparkled as he saw the magazines next to the gun.

Even his head would burst into a mess of blood if someone shot him with this kind of weapon capable of firing such horrendous bullets!

"If you liked that toy, I think you'll like this one here even more."

Fu Qigang's voice attracted Bai Zemin's attention and he quickly walked over after putting the Type 88 rifle back in its place.

"A Swiss AT4... Anti-tank rocket launcher with temperature tracking and target lock!"

Bai Zemin gasped and his steps stalled when he saw the high-tech weapon carefully placed on a shelf.