Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The reason why Bai Zemin was so surprised was because the weapon before his eyes possessed massive destructive power! In fact, the destructive power of the AT4 was in no way inferior to that of a battle tank when it came to comparing cannons!

The AT4 was a rocket launcher developed in Sweden that was sold throughout the world with great success. It possessed not only thermal sensor but also remote-controlled target lock and was generally used to neutralize enemy armored vehicles or fortifications.

??

With this type of weapon, Bai Zemin was sure to make a First Order existence explode into a thousand pieces regardless of its level!

"Ammunition!" Bai Zemin anxiously approached in search of the missiles. He was aware that without proper ammunition, this AT4 was just a pile of useless iron and threatened no one.

Opening an orange box, Bai Zemin felt his heart beat faster as he discovered at least a hundred rockets carefully lined up waiting to be used.

Great! Bai Zemin exclaimed secretly.

Although he already had powerful Rare grade treasures in his hands and even possessed two Magic grade treasures, the reality was that to fight against hordes of enemies, the modern weapons created by mankind were still more useful temporarily.

At least, the trend would continue until humans began to evolve properly and the current weaponry became ineffective, having to be replaced by Soul Record treasures or by weapons created by mankind itself using materials from the mutated and evolved monsters.

While it was true that there were many cowards among mankind, there were also many brave ones. Bai Zemin firmly believed that if the worst came to the worst and everyone was backed into a corner, even the most cowardly would at least try to take a bite out of their enemy. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Survival instinct was something that could not be underestimated; even a small rat would jump up and bite if it was cornered and even cats would fight dogs if they had no choice.

Just as Bai Zermin and Fu Qigang were chatting about the weaponry, the sound of hurried footsteps coming from outside the secret room caught the attention of all the military men.

Frightened and cautious after being betrayed and used once, the twelve men raised their guns and pointed toward the door with gazes determined to open fire at any moment.

"Stop. They are my teammates." Bai Zemin's deep voice rang out and the military men unconsciously lowered their firearms. When they realized it, it was already too late and only then did they realize that they had obeyed someone else's order.

Fu Qigang's eyes glittered strangely and he looked at the young man in front of him with a hint of surprise. Such an aura of leadership and authoritative bearing at such a young age? He was definitely not normal.

Of course, Fu Qigang had no way of knowing that Bai Zemin had been leading a group of survivors since the first day of the Soul Record's arrival. The aura surrounding his body was slowly molding into that of a noble and worthy leader, so every word that came out of his mouth had a half-polished authoritative tinge on it.

When Shangguan Bing Xue and Wu Yijun arrived at the armory and saw the piles of open boxes as well as the huge pile of yellow and orange ammunition sorted by type and caliber, they were surprised to see empty ammunition casings on the floor as well as the lingering smell of gunpowder.

After a moment, the two women found the door to the secret room wide open and upon entering saw Bai Zemin along with a group of thirteen people.

"Military survivors?" Wu Yijun murmured in puzzlement. She had thought that all the survivors on the base had been killed by zombies or some other wild beast from outside.

Shangguan Bing Xue was also a little surprised, but that surprise soon disappeared and her indifferent look fell on Bai Zemin before she said, "Bai Zemin, you probably want to come take a look at this."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow and seeing the slight glint in Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes nodded, "Alright, you lead."

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and after giving a quick glance at all the weapons neatly arranged on different shelves, she turned around and began to lead the way in silence.

With Shangguan Bing Xue in the lead along with Wu Yijun, Bai Zemin followed them through the facility while cautiously scanning the surroundings. After all, he was in a place in the middle of a forest filled with strange and dangerous beasts like the Elusive Chameleon.

On the other hand, the military men looked at the two women with surprise.

The skin of both was in perfect condition, their bodies were graceful and seductive, their faces seemed to have been carved to represent goddesses, and the arrogant and proud aura their bodies emanated was definitely not something a normal woman could have.

After more than a week of total confinement, the military men naturally had their own physical needs, so at the sight of such women, several of them became agitated. However, none of them dared to even give a single extra glance at the two beauties as they could somehow tell that both of them were not people to play with.

* * *

The group walked for more than ten minutes in silence. Under the lead of both women they were taken to what appeared to be a large hangar approximately twenty or thirty meters high.

The metal door that separated the inside of the hangar from the outside was nowhere to be seen. Instead, small pieces of ice the size of a baby's fist were scattered all over the floor; their number undoubtedly numbered in the tens of thousands, sparkling like diamonds.

Fu Qigang was surprised when he noticed that the door was missing. Before locking themselves in the weapons vault they were sure that this place was in perfect condition. However, his face soon changed and as if he had thought of something he hurriedly bent down to pick up a piece of ice.

"This is..." His eyes widened in shock and a gasp of surprise fled from his mouth.

The military men looked puzzled to see their platoon leader's attitude, therefore, curious, they also picked up pieces of ice. However, everyone's expression changed when they saw that inside the frozen ice, metal pieces were sealed; each piece of ice had metal pieces locked inside!

Fu Qigang and the military men looked at the two women standing next to Bai Zemin with eyes filled with fear. Fortunately none of them opened their mouths to say any comments earlier or else they might have been sealed in ice and then destroyed into small pieces!

Seeing Bai Zemin's strange look, Shangguan Bing Xue shrugged and said coldly, "It's simpler that way. Anyway, look at this."

Bai Zemin shook his head not knowing whether to laugh or cry. He followed Shangguan Bing Xue into the hangar but after walking a couple of steps his expression froze for a moment before a big smile appeared on his face.

"Lucky for you, little Zemin." Lilith's voice reached his ears. She had been strangely silent, but perhaps sensing his joy, she decided to encourage him more, "With these toys, your labor will become simpler in the first stage of evolution."