Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

"They are here. It's time to get to work."

Hearing Bai Zemin's words, they all looked a little lost due to the fact that they had only just woken up. However, some of them soon understood what he meant.

??

Shangguan Bing Xue was the first to stand up. She said nothing and simply followed him out of the tent in silence.

Wu Yijun soon reacted and also rushed outside with renewed energy after a long, sweet night's sleep.

Chen He tousled his hair and sighed, still drowsy. Instead of leaving immediately, he began to check his guns carefully; after all, these guns were his main source of security. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

...

Outside the military tent, Bai Zemin surveyed as Wu Yijun straightened her body to shake off the traces of lingering rigidity. Her seductive body was extremely charming to look at and her big eyes that seemed to sparkle with childlike curiosity only added another layer of charm on her.

Shangguan Bing Xue was doing the same. Her flexible body moved in different angles, highlighting the curves that her Combat Dress could barely dissimulate.

She had trained in different martial arts from an early age and had even studied fencing when she started elementary school. Due to her constant training, Shangguan Bing Xue had forged a perfect seductive body no matter where one looked at it.

Fortunately or not, the only man currently present was Bai Zemin. However, he only glanced at them for a second before turning his eyes back to the main road.

Perhaps, the two women knew that he would not pay too much attention to them or look at them with lust and that was why they had dared to act freer around him. After all, they already knew quite well what kind of person Bai Zemin was.

In fact, for Bai Zemin, there were only three goals in his mind; the first was to become more powerful, the second was to find his family, and the third was to help Lilith. The last two goals directly aligned with the first.

As for sex, naturally Bai Zemin was interested. After all, he was an extremely healthy young man. However, while it was true that through sex he could release a great deal of accumulated tension and mental fatigue, Bai Zemin was aware that now was not the time for that.

According to Lilith, if he could reach a certain threshold of power, he would be able to live forever. Therefore, Bai Zemin was not in a hurry; he had time for that sort of thing. Now there were more important things to worry about.

Soon, the roaring of engines could be heard more clearly. The lights of several vehicles glowed brightly amidst the darkness as the wheels spun at a steady speed in the middle of the road.

From a distance, Bai Zemin and the rest could clearly see a convoy of more than ten vehicles moving toward them.

Leading the charge, a modified jeep was speeding ahead while two modified buses, three large cargo trucks, a tanker truck, and approximately five ATVs with modifications followed close behind.

The sound of engines approaching the forest naturally attracted unwanted attention.

Swoosh!

Suddenly, a mutated cat over a meter tall jumped out of the grass and charged toward the convoy of vehicles. Due to its high Agility, the beast managed to hit one of the buses with its sharp claws.

Screech!

However, except for the screeching sound, the metal casing protecting the bus did not even suffer a mark.

Just as the mutated cat was about to continue its assault, a shadow swooped out from inside the front jeep at a speed even more astonishing than that displayed by the mutated cat previously.

The wind howled and the next thing the mutated cat saw was its own headless body as the world around it reflected through its pupils, spinning rapidly before everything went black.

A pretty, shy-looking woman looked at the corpse of the beast with a casual glance. The female police officer's uniform clung to her slender body while her hair tied in a simple ponytail danced gently in the forest breeze.

The female police uniform was mostly black as were her hair and dark eyes, so except for the Agarth Dagger in her hands that flashed with a faint blue glow, she looked like a brave and fatal night assassin.

As she looked ahead, she noticed that the convoy continued to move forward. She simply smiled slightly and with a quick movement, her body flashed and in a matter of seconds she had caught up with the vehicles and a moment later had overtaken them.

Soon, the woman, barely about 18 or 19 years old, arrived in front of Bai Zemin and looked at him with a small shy smile.

"Sorry to take so long, leader Bai."

Bai Zemin chuckled and shook his head as he praised, "You did well, Cai Jingyi."

"Hehe...:" She giggled like a little girl.

From the moment she became one of his Loyal Followers, the trust between the two parties had grown immensely to the point where there was practically no need to hide anything. Therefore, Cai Jingyi had become more open and was no longer as reserved towards him as in the past.

Shangguan Bing Xue, Wu Yijun, and Chen He, who had just arrived, observed the exchange between the two sides with curiosity. Soon, however, everyone's attention turned to the vehicles that had stopped at the roadside.

A tall, muscular Zhong De got out of the passenger seat of the lead jeep and walked toward Bai Zemin. He smiled and nodded in greeting as he said, "Leader Bai, we are here to carry out your orders."

Bai Zemin raised his thumb in his direction and nodded with a smile.

Zhong De and Cai Jingyi were two of the four people who had decided to follow him from the beginning. Consequently, the trust between them was naturally higher compared to the rest.

Soon, another person got out of the back seat of the main jeep.

She was also wearing a female police uniform. Although her face was not as charming as Wu Yijun's baby face, nor as beautiful as Shangguan Bing Xue's fairy face, her body was tantalizingly seductive. Every curve seemed to have been carved by the hands of a procelain expert and the aura surrounding her had stolen everyone's attention from the first moment she showed herself.

Upon seeing her, Bai Zemin couldn't help but chuckle. She was someone who had been by his side at all times, just that the others were unaware of it.

Of course, this person was 'Lili'; the human form Lilith had taken to appear before everyone.

"Master, excuse my insolence." She began to speak in a pitiful tone as soon as she reached his side and lowered her head as she raised her eyes and looked at him through her long black lashes, "Although you did not order it, I decided to come on my own.... I am willing to accept any punishment. I will take the consequences."

"..."

When those words were heard by Chen He and the rest, a somewhat awkward silence enveloped the place.