Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Cai Jingyi's eyes glittered with adoration as she looked at the ten slain First Order beasts. Just based on the heavy wounds on their bodies as well as the strange state of the blood, she could easily deduce that all of these terrifying beasts had been slaughtered by Bai Zemin.

She knew his fighting methods well and knew that most of the time, the corpses of his enemies ended up in three conditions:

1) Hacked to pieces by his sword.

2) Strangely with few wounds but with a large amount of blood around the corpse.

3) Completely crushed, overwhelmed with superior strength and beaten to the point of turning their internal organs and brains into a pile of pulp.

If these beasts had been slaughtered by Shangguan Bing Xue, the condition of their bodies would be far less terrifying since every time she killed an enemy, her ice skill almost always froze them along with the blood. To say that her way of slaughtering was beautiful might be the right way to describe it.

As for Wu Yijun, Cai Jingyi didn't know much about her since they never chatted too much and most of the time both women were busy with different tasks. However, Cai Jingyi was completely sure that it was impossible for Wu Yijun to have the ability to kill a First Order existence.

In fact, Cai jingyi herself was hardly confident in fighting a First Order beast. Although she had not yet evolved and was level 24, thanks to a gift that Bai Zemin had given her on the day he awakened right after she and Kang Lan became his Loyal Followers, Cai Jingyi believed that with her current battle power she would at least be able to defend herself and if she wanted to leave, very few First Order existences would actually be able to stop her footsteps.

Soon, under the direct order of Bai Zemin himself, the hundred survivors began to work on the bodies of the First Order beasts.

Those with a too hard shell were cared for by Shangguan Bing Xue herself, who using a sharp mutant beast bone and activating the Blazing Ring skill began to slowly cut through the hard shells of the Armored Elephants and the Bright Scaled Rhinoceroses.

Due to their deaths, the body of the Armored Elephants and the Bright Scaled Rhinoceroses were now much weaker. Although the lingering mana inside still made things difficult, Shangguan Bing Xue managed to slowly break through the tough defenses by making use of the wounds inflicted by Bai Zemin during their fight and gradually the shells began to fall off.

The other survivors worked on the bodies of the Frost Control Lions as well as on the bodies of the Impetus Bull Aura. These beasts were more focused on attack, so their defenses were much lower than those of the Armored Elephants and Bright Scaled Rhinoceroses.

Making use of bone knives belonging to different First Order monsters, the survivors managed to slowly cut off the upper pelt and slowly began to remove the fur from the beasts.

Cai Jingyi, Chen He, and the hundred and fifty men armed to the teeth had established a perimeter of two hundred meters around. Any beast that came too close was immediately riddled with bullets or simply cut to pieces by one of the two main fighters.

Gradually, the pelts of the Frost Control Lions and the Impetus Bull Aura were carefully removed and left on the side. Then, the survivors huddled around the body and began to take care of the flesh.

They cut the flesh of the evolved animals into small pieces and put them in a large ice chamber that Shangguan Bing Xue had created earlier. Although she needed to provide her own Mana to the ice chamber every so often, it was a manageable expense for the current her; if it was before she evolved, maybe it would be challenging.... But it was no longer.

The blood was collected in large plastic tanks that weighed nothing empty so it was easy to bring them in. Then, it was placed next to the meat inside the frozen ice chamber.

Little by little, kilos and kilos of delicious and extremely nutritious evolved meat began to accumulate inside the ice chamber.

After working for seven hours, the hundred survivors finished off the bodies of the Frost Control Lions and the Impetus Bull Aura, leaving only a pile of bones with some pieces of flesh stuck on them and blood. Surprisingly, the bones of the Frost Control Lions had a faint chilling aura on them, which probably contained some ice-like power inside.

After finishing off the four weaker ones, the survivors had a sumptuous and juicy meal with a good amount of mutated meat and then headed for the Armored Elephants and the Bright Scaled Rhinoceroses with renewed vigor.

Thanks to the efforts of Shangguan Bing Xue, who worked hard for more than five hours, the thick armor covering the beasts' bodies had been successfully removed and they were currently piled up in a mountain of shiny metal in a corner.

As the size of the Armored Elephants and Bright Scaled Rhinoceroses was much larger than that of the Frost Control Lions and Impetus Bull Aura, the amount of work for the survivors was naturally bigger. Therefore, Shangguan Bing Xue, Chen He, and the rest were certain that even if they worked until nightfall, they would not necessarily be able to finish all the work today.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at the surroundings with a slight frown. After a moment's hesitation, she approached Cai Jingyi, who was several meters distance away observing the surroundings cautiously.

Cai Jingyi quickly noticed Shangguan Bing Xue walking in her direction and straightened her back as she looked at her with unconcealable admiration. If Bai Zemin was her idol, then Shangguan Bing Xue was a goal to which she aspired; she was not only beautiful and with a unique personality, but also extremely powerful and graceful. Cai Jingyi hoped that one day she could be that kind of woman too.

"Cai Jingyi, do you know where Bai Zemin is? I can't find him anywhere and I wanted to discuss with him a matter about the remains of the corpses of the First Order evolved beasts." Shangguan Bing Xue asked. Her cold and indifferent voice held a hint of confusion.

Cai Jingyi quickly shook her head and pointed towards the forest before replying, "Big Sister Bing Xue, actually, the leader went deeper northeast into the forest. He left hours ago but I can occasionally see his silhouette flickering through the trees."

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded without saying much about it and after looking puzzled in the direction Cai Jingyi had pointed out, she returned to guarding the area she was in previously. After all, the established circle needed to be guarded as a single mistake would allow a wild beast to enter and the lives of the weak survivors would be compromised.

The survivors who were working were just normal people and even the fifty armed men were barely at the initial levels. A single level 10 beast could cause a massive disaster if it managed to sneak in.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com