Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

As for Bai Zemin himself, he was currently doing another task.

"So, you can't warn me beforehand?"

His silhouette flickered through the trees and thick forage at lightning speed as his voice traveled through the place.

Swoosh!

A six-foot leopard leapt from the underbrush and opened its jaws wide. Its eyes seemed blood red, glowing madly and filled with murderous intent as Bai Zemin's figure was reflected in them.

The smell of putrid flesh assaulted his nostrils and the creature's long fangs reflected the meager rays of sunlight that pierced the thick branches of the trees. Only a mere inch from his neck, Bai Zemin's face lingered unmoved as if unaware of the existence of the beast that was about to claim his life.

"Nope."

Lilith's voice rang out right after his question. At the same time, Bai Zemin's body intersected with the mutated leopard's powerful-looking body.

"As I said before. I cannot interfere in any way in your battles or future battles. I can only help you in small ways when the battlefield is clear of all enemies and there is not even the slightest possibility of danger or else I will fall to a Lower Existence and a great part of my powers will disappear... I might even die."

A sharp light flashed and slowly a line appeared on the mutated leopard's neck. The beast couldn't even let out a howl of pain as its head fell heavily to the ground and rolled a few inches before stopping just as its decapitated body fell to the ground and blood splattered the ground.

"I see." Bai Zemin nodded calmly as if he already expected such a response. A message flashed in his retina.

[Blood Will: 50% / 50%]

It was exactly the same message that had been flashing across his retina for several hours now, without any change.

With surprising Agility, even without activating Lightning Movement, Bai Zemin's body flashed through the forest without stopping to look for enemies.

A mutant cat appeared before him but even before the beast could let out a menacing cry it was cut in two halves.

A mutant dog was cut into countless pieces in a matter of a second.

A pack of fifty level 2 mutant mosquitoes burst into a bloody mess after activating Blood Manipulation and boiling the blood inside their bodies.

Regardless of the type of enemy, Bai Zemin slaughtered them all. In fact, it was he who was moving through the forest looking for those enemies: it was he who was aiming for their lives.

"What is the reason for your trepidation?" Lilith's puzzled voice sounded beside him though she was nowhere to be seen.

"I don't know." Bai Zemin replied as he decapitated a mutated mantis with ease. "I just feel uncomfortable, like something bad is going to happen soon."

Lilith remained silent and a small frown appeared on her beautiful face, "Perhaps your Danger Sense skill along with your Blood Will skill are working together to warn you of a very big danger...?"

She didn't sound too sure about it either but it was the only thing she could come up with since this was the first time she experienced something like this.

Just as Bai Zemin was about to reply, his face changed greatly and he stopped his steps in mid-step while concentrating his hearing to the maximum.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The unmistakable sound of gunshots and even the sound of some explosions were heard clearly amidst the deadly silence of the forest. But what worried Bai Zemin the most was that....

"That's coming from the place where the bodies of the First Order beasts are" Lilith's voice reached him once again. "Apparently you were right. I can sense from here the appearance of a Second Order existence... Are you sure you want to face one now? You can just go and leave them behind."

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and did not hesitate as he charged forward in the direction of where Cai Jingyi and the rest were currently located.

"I'm currently at my maximum capacity. I don't think a Second Order beast can defeat me so easily!"

He had killed First Order existences even before he evolved, he believed that he could do the same to a Second Order as well!

Lilith did not respond to his words. She secretly sighed... Because a Second Order existence was a LOT more dangerous and terrifying than a First Order existence was even at the top!

Bai Zemin still had no idea how dangerous such beings were. But he would soon experience it for himself and Lilith knew from the conviction in his gaze that he would not stop no matter what.

"I wish you luck... Remember that running away in times of crisis is not for cowards, Bai Zemin."

That was all she said, but he did not change his course. On the contrary, he accelerated even more.

[Lightning movement!]

Blue lightning flashed over his body like tiny mischievous snakes that appeared and disappeared in different spots. Bai Zemin's body dashed through the forest as the sound of crackling noisily echoed everywhere as if announcing the imminent arrival of a storm. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

* * *

"Fire!"

Chen He shouted at the top of his lungs as he fired a burst of bullets propelled by his own Mana at the creature in front of him.

Each shot demonstrated his effectiveness as a marksman. Even with a Type 67 machine gun in his hands, every shot struck the monster's head with terrifying accuracy.

Zhong De, Cai Jingyi, and the fifty armed men raised their weapons and began firing a blast of unstoppable bullets at the enemy that had appeared with the intention of turning it into a sieve.

Due to the lack of military training as well as the lack of special skill like Chen He's, some bullets missed the target even though it was huge and many of them only hit the limbs or barely grazed it. However, at a distance of barely a hundred meters it was impossible for such a large flurry to miss completely.

Nevertheless, the creature remained standing on its two hind legs as it looked ahead. A glint of disdain flashed in the monster's eyes as it slowly began to advance, causing the ground beneath its feet to shake constantly as if a mini earthquake was shaking the world every few short periods.

The beast was a massive four meter tall bear. Its fur was perfect white with some deep black lines in the form of archaic patterns on its chest and back. Its eyes were a startling fluorescent gold color and the claws on its paws were surprisingly long and sharp enough to seem to be able to slice through the entire world.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

Hundreds of bullets hit the giant bear's body per second. When the magazines of the machine guns or rifles ran out, the gunmen immediately changed the empty magazine, throwing it on the ground and hastily replacing it with a new one.

However, no matter whether it was a light machine gun, rifle, sniper, pistol, or heavy machine gun; no matter the type of weapon or the caliber of ammunition used, the bullet casings fell to the ground uselessly in a constant metallic clink.