Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Each shot from Chen He accurately hit the bear's head with strange archaic engravings. However, none of his attacks were effective.

Although there were many shots that managed to accurately hit the golden eyes of the beast thanks to Chen He's Marksmanship skill, the bear with runes did not even flinch or try to close its eyelids and simply allowed the piercing bullets to hit its eyesight.

It was common sense that the eyes of every living being were the weak point. Regardless of whether it was a mighty alligator, a huge elephant, or a human being; they all had weak eyes and any kind of attack was enough to severely damage and even destroy it.

Not to mention armor-piercing bullets capable of turning a vehicle into a sieve.

However, the bear with runes simply continued on its feet. Every time the bullets hit its eyes they were repelled as if they had hit an armored plate instead of weak eyes.

"Damn it!" A soldier shouted in a terrified voice as he replaced the empty magazine and threw it on the ground before replacing it with a new one, "What the hell is this damn thing?!"

"Bing Xue! This monster definitely isn't a First Order!" Chen He shouted out loud in a tense voice.

If it was in the past, he might not be able to differentiate between First Order and something else. However, now that he was about to evolve, he could sense that the creature before them was simply on another level!

Regardless of whether it was the Reinforced Iron Boar or any other First Order existence they had encountered so far, the bear with runes was definitely beyond any of them!

Fifty meters away, Shangguan Bing Xue's face was pale. Her expression was as cold as frost as her eyes flashed with murderous intent. She could sense that the monster before her exuded an aura of destruction so great that it seemed to be capable of overpowering everything just by its mere presence.

To her horror, she realized something.

"This beast is even more terrifying than that man..." She muttered through gritted teeth.

She could faintly sense an extremely frightening aura being released by Bai Zemin every time he fought. However, the beast before her eyes was on a completely different level!

This could only mean that the beast in front of them was a Second Order creature!

This was the first time any member of the group had to face such an enemy and based on the current situation alone, Shangguan Bing Xue knew that the chances of making it out alive were not particularly high.

Unless...

"Unless that man comes back quickly and has some tricks up his sleeve." With a pale face, she raised both hands high in the air and while pointing forward with her Rare-grade treasure magic wand, she shouted, "Ice spears!"

The Mana inside her body resonated with her command and the Magic she could use moved the Mana to activate and shape her Ice Maker magical skill. The next instant, a dozen powerful ice spears over three meters long floated above her head.

The runed bear's eyes glowed slightly and ignoring the rain of bullets looked to its left just in time to feel the wind being pierced by several objects infused with Mana and Magic. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

What happened next terrified everyone.

The beast opened its maw wide and the strange engravings on its chest lit up with a strange amber glowing light.

Shangguan Bing Xue's face changed and by instinct, she raised a mighty wall of ice before her just a thousandth of a second before disaster struck.

ROAR!

A powerful sound wave visible to the naked eye filled with magic and mana traveled at astonishing speeds through the air, crashing into the twelve ice spears that were in mid-flight.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!....

The ice spears exploded into countless pieces of tiny ice and fell to the ground in slow motion. Because she was the maker, Shangguan Bing Xue was aware of the destruction of her ice weapons; it was just that she could not believe it.

Each of those ice spears had a large portion of her total Mana. A single one was enough to freeze a body part of a First Order beast and all twelve together were more than enough to freeze to death even a level 50 First Order beast but they were destroyed so easily!

You should know that after evolving to First Order and reaching level 33 after facing the horde of Unclassified beasts, Shangguan Bing Xue's ice-like attacks were 20% more powerful than in the past! But even then, the beast before her destroyed her attack like they were nothing!

But the unpleasant surprises had only just begun.

After destroying the twelve ice spears conjured by Shangguan Bing Xue, the sound wave only weakened a little, becoming somewhat smaller, before continuing on its way forward.

"Argh!"

An armed man clutched his head tightly, releasing the gun in his hands as if an excruciating pain was torturing him. His ears soon began to bleed and before a second scream of pain could leave his throat, his head exploded in a bloody mess after a loud bang.

"Argh!"

"Ugh..."

...

More than five armed men who were in the path through which the sound wave was traveling clutched their heads at almost the same time before just like the previous case, they noisily exploded and stained the ground around them with blood mixed with brain matter and pieces of broken skull.

The sound wave also hit the ice wall that had been erected by Shangguan Bing Xue at the last second and destroyed it into thousands of pieces before finally losing its power and disappearing.

Shangguan Bing Xue's face was as pale as a sheet and even her beautiful red lips seemed to have lost their color. Although she had avoided being critically injured, she could still feel her own soul shuddering as if her spirit had been harmed.

In just a split second and without moving from her spot, the rune bear had slaughtered nearly ten people with just a roar!

"Ye Fen!" A soldier shouted with tears in his eyes as he saw one of his comrades tragically dying without even being able to keep his body intact.

"Bastard!"

The same soldier seemed to have gone mad as he pulled out two grenades and after removing their safety catch threw them towards the beast with all his strength.

Bang! Bang!

The grenades exploded immediately after hitting the creature's body, raising a cloud of dust and dirt a couple of meters high. However, even then, everyone despaired at the sight of the rune bear's head above without even moving and its disdainful gaze seemed to become more and more mocking with each passing second.

Swoosh!

The dust cloud suddenly shook and the beast's body seemed to become a blur for a moment before disappearing from everyone's line of sight.

"Watch out!" Shangguan Bing Xue couldn't help but shout. She was the only person present who could see the monster's movements with some clarity, but even then she could not match the beast.

The next instant, like a ghost, the bear with runes appeared amid a group of armed men.