Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The sound of lightning from the distance was approaching at breakneck speeds; even faster than the descent of the Second Order bear's claw!

The bitter look in Shangguan Bing Xue's blue eyes disappeared, replaced by a look of pleasant surprise.

This man is finally here! Such a thought flashed in her mind along with the appearance of what she thought was gone; hope for survival!

The Second Order bear's eyes that until now had only revealed emotions of anger and disdain towards its enemies widened slightly and a hint of caution and even a faint tinge of fear flickered in them.

The beast did not dare to act in the same manner as it had been doing so far. It was not even hesitating for a moment before it turned around and swiped its claw from the top down with all its power to greet the incoming attack. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

BOOOM!!!

An explosion that was even more terrifying than the twenty grenades exploding together earlier shook the battlefield.

The survivors cried out in fright while covering their ears and some of the gunmen who were closest to the explosion directly fainted on the spot with bleeding ears.

Shangguan Bing Xue had already lost most of her Stamina and the lack of Mana in her body made her feel anemic so being the closest to the center of the impact, she was sent flying almost ten meters away along with Cai Jingyi in her arms.

"Ugh...." Shangguan Bing Xue complained and even on the ground raised her face to see the situation before her.

Roar!!!

A roar that was nothing like the roars it had made before came from the Second Order monster's maw. The beast retreated twelve steps as its right arm with which it had attacked previously bled horribly.

Spurt after spurt of blood poured out of the beast's arm which seemed to be covered in bloody cracks. Its once perfect white fur had already been slightly stained by blood but this time the wound it had received was on a completely different level!

A blood red spear reflected the sun's rays. The tip of the spear had pierced from side to side the Second Order bear's arm, stopping right in the center of the palm which now had a ten centimeter thick hole through which blackish blood gushed out.

The beast looked out into the forest with bloodshot eyes and roared ominously again.

Bai Zemin slowly emerged from the shadows of the forest with an expression as cold as ice. He momentarily ignored the beast and his eyes scanned the battlefield.

Seeing the nearly twenty dead bodies as well as the absence of more than thirty survivors, the gaze in his eyes turned cold to the point where even he would be afraid of himself if he looked into a mirror. At the same time, an aura filled with murderous intent was released from his body as he looked at the Second Order bear as if it were a dead corpse.

This was the first time Bai Zemin had lost soldiers under his banner. What was worse was that the numbers of survivors who had died could not be counted as few and even if it was already good enough that most of them were alive considering that the enemy was a Second Order existence, he felt the blood inside his body boil with fury.

Previously, Bai Zemin had seen from a distance that Shangguan Bing Xue and Cai Jingyi were about to be smashed to death by the Second Order bear and even with his Agility boosted 70 points by Lightning Movement it was impossible for him to save them.

Therefore, he created a blood spear by directly spending 200 Mana points and taking advantage of the powerful speed boost he threw it with all his Strength forward to force the beast to stop or else it would be seriously injured: after all, a spear filled with so much mana was nothing to scoff at and even less so when such a piercing weapon was propelled forward at such a terrifying speed.

Unfortunately, Bai Zemin was unable to cast his most powerful attack skill: Crimson Blood Judgment. If he launched that skill, he was confident of defeating an almost dead Second Order existence... However, everyone in the area would probably also be slaughtered and such a loss was one that Bai Zemin could not afford.

Still, the result was more than satisfactory.

"Heh..." Due to burning anger, he couldn't help but laugh as he looked at the beast's right arm now immobile on its side.

As a Blood Berserker, Bai Zemin's overall attack power increased by 20% when using spears, another 20% when using blood attacks, and another 20% when facing beings more powerful than him. In other words, his job alone granted him a terrific 60% boost in general attack power!

However, with Blood Will fully charged to the top, things were completely different.

The current Bai Zemin had 110% more overall attack power than in normal times!

Even a Second Order beast would have to pay the price if it dared to take such an attack directly, as could be seen on the beast before his eyes.

The blood vessels all over the Second Order bear's right arm had popped out in a bloody mess. Pieces of flesh came off its practically destroyed hand and the pain reflected in the creature's gaze was enough for anyone to understand how gruesome such an attack was!

Suddenly, the Second Order bear stomped the ground beneath its feet with vigor and lunged towards him like an unstoppable torpedo.

Bai Zemin coldly snorted and pointed in front of him as he said indifferently, "Bang!"

Bang!

The blood spear that was filled and created with his own Mana exploded with astonishing loudness. The Second Order bear stopped abruptly and roared again in pain as the entirety of its already severely injured right hand was sent flying through the air, splattering flesh and blood everywhere.

Seizing the opportunity, Bai Zemin shot forward at lightning speed and leapt into the air before punching downward with all his might. His fist seemed to want to crush the beast's head and even the surrounding air could not withstand the pressure, creating a mighty bang!

The Second Order bear's eyes glowed ominously and ignoring the pain after losing its right hand, it swung ferociously with its left claw in a mighty swing.

Boom!

Bai Zemin's fist and the beast's left foreleg collided and a big shockwave burst out in the surroundings. The ground under the beast's feet cracked tremendously and, surprisingly, for the first time since his Strength stat grew so high, Bai Zemin was directly sent flying twenty meters.

His body slammed into several trees, knocking them down in the process and only after destroying more than five did he manage to regain control of himself, driving both feet firmly into the ground and leaving two lines several meters long before finally coming to a halt.

Strong! Bai Zemin's gaze grew even colder.

He could feel the blood inside his body rushing, but before he was forced to cough up blood, he activated his Blood Manipulation skill and slowed down the blood flow immediately, thus returning it to normal.