Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Regardless of whether it was the gigantic Armored Elephants or any other First Order enemy Bai Zemin had faced so far, including the evolving level 50 Armored Elephant; none of these beasts managed to force him back when it came to pure Strength.

When his Xuanyuan Sword was not powerful enough, Bai Zemin would end the life of any of these enemies by bashing their skulls into a bloody mess and crushing their bones with his fists.

Unfortunately, it seemed that this was not possible against the beast in front of him.

Bai Zemin looked at his right hand for a moment and noticed how it trembled slightly due to the previous powerful impact. In addition, small dots of blood appeared on his skin, skin that was even able to withstand gunfire!

At least, not with my current Strength. Bai Zemin thought silently and a glint of resolve and madness flashed in his gaze.

His current Strength stat was 229 points, which made Bai Zemin a horrific monster that was almost 23 times stronger than a human being in excellent physical condition. Of course, excellent physical condition before the apocalypse, now, was only average at best.

One could imagine how terrifying the attack power behind his fists was.

But even then, all that amount of attack power compressed into his body boosted by 20% from fighting with bare fists, another 20% from facing an enemy more powerful than him, and another 50% due to Blood Will, was not enough to fight the Second Order bear.

The lingering pain in his right hand as well as the muscle pain his body felt after hitting huge trees to the point of shattering them into pieces was just too great to be ignored.

Bai Zemin, seeing that he had no other choice, decided to do something that while it was a pity, was the best option since he had no other way to break through the monster's defenses in front of him.

With a quick thought, the 62 status points he had been carefully saving and had gathered after leveling up so diligently were consumed in a jiffy.

A strange stinging feeling strange to describe hit every cell of Bai Zemin's body and the great increase in stats was such that even he could feel his soul growing stronger just as when he absorbed a great amount of Soul Power from powerful enemies.

Bang!

The Second Order bear stomped the ground with a bang and charged towards him like a cannonball. Its golden eyes seemed to have turned blood red as anger and the desire to end his life overwhelmed its existence to the point that the beast's aura became chaotic.

Bai Zemin advanced instead of retreating. He clenched his right fist with all his might and punched forward with all his Strength as he raised his left arm to head height to block the incoming attack.

BOOM!!!

Bai Zemin's fist connected with the beast's left claw again and a powerful explosion shook the surroundings once more.

The Second Order bear retreated five steps while Bai Zemin was forced to retreat more than ten in total. The result had made it clear who had the advantage if it came down to pure Strength alone.

Even after adding all those points to Strength, Bai Zemin was still inferior to the Second Order bear. But he wasn't too surprised by this as considering the way he had been sent flying before, forcing his enemy back and still being able to stand his ground was surprising in itself.

"You are more powerful than me as far as Strength is concerned." Bai Zemin took a step forward as he looked at his enemy and blue lightning flashed over his body at steady speeds. "But I wonder if you are faster than me!"

He didn't just rely on his Strength stat to fight!

The sound of lightning spread everywhere as Bai Zemin's body became a blur for a moment before disappearing from the sight of the survivors who were looking on from a distance with fear-filled eyes.

The Second Order bear was startled and its gaze scanned the surroundings until it finally noticed the hated enemy that had wounded it in such a way. The beast also charged forward and when it arrived before him, it furiously slashed once more.

However, Bai Zemin quickly tilted his body at a strange angle just barely successfully avoiding the beast's claw and taking advantage of the speed boost he fiercely punched the beast directly in the stomach.

Boom!

The Second Order bear opened its mouth, seemingly about to roar in surprise or pain. However, Bai Zemin punched the exact same spot two more times in the blink of an eye. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Boom! Boom!

With so little time between each attack, the beast's body was lifted slightly off the ground due to the gathered power. The Second Order bear felt its internal organs shake violently and at the same time as a spurt of blood escaped from its mouth, the runes on its chest glowed in a terrifying amber shade.

What is this! Bai Zemin was startled and quickly backed away.

However, the beast roared just then and a powerful sound wave assaulted Bai Zemin. For a moment he felt his world spinning, but soon, the Spiritual Earring in his left ear let out a faint pale glow and that strange feeling of dizziness disappeared, leaving behind only some headache.

Spiritual attack! Bai Zemin was shocked.

This was the first time he had encountered this kind of attack so he didn't know how to react to the appearance of one. If not for the Spiritual Earring that he had obtained by chance after he killed the strongest leader Ye Qigang back then, Bai Zemin might have fallen into serious troubles!

However, I can only ignore two more spiritual attacks. Bai Zemin quickly remembered that the Spiritual Earring only protected him from three spiritual attacks each day, of which one had already been used.

The Second Order bear's eyes glowed strangely as it saw that its enemy was fine even after receiving its attack. The beast charged and swiped out again; it seemed that the creature knew nothing else but to strike with its only healthy foreleg.

Bai Zemin advanced once more and after blocking the incoming attack, which almost forced him to his knees due to the power behind the blow, he countered with his own attack and shook the beast once more.

However, just as Bai Zemin was about to put some distance, his expression changed tremendously as he realized that he couldn't actually move!

When he looked down, Bai Zemin's face turned white as he saw that at some point, the beast before him had managed to step on one of his feet without him being aware of it! With the monster's superior Strength, Bai Zemin could not even take a single step back!

Seizing the opportunity, the Second Order bear swung its left and right arm in one swift movement. Bai Zemin was caught off guard and his body was tightly embraced by the monster before being lifted off the ground.

There was nowhere for him to run; even his arms had been blocked!