Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

When the survivors saw Bai Zemin being caught by the powerful arms of the enemy beast, they all cried out in panic and unconsciously wanted to flee frantically, only to be hurriedly stopped by Chen He and Zhong De, who knew that splitting up at this moment would be the worst possible option.

"Even the leader was caught by that monster..."

"It's the end!"

The survivors and even the thirty plus armed men turned pale and began to lose all hope.

Shangguan Bing Xue slowly stood up and her heart squeezed before sinking when she saw Bai Zemin fall into the enemy's trap. This Second Order bear was clearly smarter than a normal beast or else it wouldn't know how to set simple traps or such fighting moves.

From the very beginning of the battle, Shangguan Bing Xue watched to her utter disbelief as somehow or other, Bai Zemin managed to wound the Second Order beast and even fight against such a horrific creature.

That alone was a pleasant surprise for her and everyone else as it meant that hopes were not yet as completely dark as they thought!

However, it was hard to say that now considering the situation.

The battle so far had barely lasted 1 minute at most, so Shangguan Bing Xue had not yet recovered enough Mana to be able to help and do anything meaningful in a battle of such magnitude. Although her physical stats were high, most of her power came from her main skill 'Ice Maker'; it was impossible for her current physical attributes to be enough to do anything worth mentioning.

"Ughh!"

Bai Zemin growled and his eyes widened as the Second Order bear began to tighten its grip on him with monstrous strength.

The eyes of Lilith, who had now mingled with the survivors unnoticed, glittered with overwhelming worry as she looked at the scene from a distance helplessly.

Her heart was beating a thousand miles an hour and her palms were covered in sweat. She knew how strong Bai Zemin was, but facing a Second Order beast was a little too early for the current him... He needed to evolve his main skill before he could have a real chance of killing such a creature!

You can't die here... You definitely can't! Your path definitely can't be broken here! She thought to herself with her heart squeezed to the point that it began to ache.

Crack... Crack...

Bai Zemin cried out in pain as the bones in his body threatened to shatter into dust under the beast's cruel grip. A thin trickle of blood trickled from the corner of his lips and little by little his weak internal organs began to suffer.

His Blood Manipulation skill allowed him to control the blood inside his enemy's body to a certain extent. However, it was not as easy as it seemed; Bai Zemin had many limits.

One of these limits was that, depending on the enemy's level and Order, the effect of Blood Manipulation would be greatly affected, reducing the effectiveness of the skill greatly.

Lilith had previously told him that for an existence to have a chance of evolving to Second Order they needed to be level 50. Simply put, the bear in front of him was at the very least, level 50.

Back then, Bai Zemin had made the First Order Blazing Beetle suffer greatly when he made the blood boil inside its body after expending all of his Mana. While it was true that the Mana he had in the past was absolutely incomparable to the current one, the difference between the First Order and the Second Order was simply too great as an existence was capable of acquiring more skills and a new job or upgrading the old one.

Still, Bai Zemin tried. He directly consumed 100 Mana points with the intention of making his enemy squirm in pain in order to have a chance to escape from its hold.

However, the beast's lips seemed to curve into a bloodthirsty smile and the runes on its body glowed brightly.

Soon, Bai Zemin noticed that all the Mana he had used seemed to disappear as it entered the beast's body to activate his skill. His face turned pale at the horrifying realization that this beast even had an anti-magic skill!

Powerful physical abilities, spiritual attacks, and magical immunity... The Second Order bear was undoubtedly one of the worst enemies that could currently exist!

The sound of his bones threatening to break spread throughout the battlefield and Bai Zemin could barely contain his screams by biting his lips hard to the point of tearing them apart.

His feet were off the ground, his hands and arms trapped, and his whole body firmly pressed against the monster's so he couldn't even move.

It seemed like the end of the line.

However, when Bai Zemin thought on his loved ones, on his promise with Lilith, and when he saw the mocking look in his enemy's golden eyes, something seemed to break inside him.

Kill me? You want to kill me?! I'll eat you alive! Bai Zemin was no longer thinking with any clarity and the blood in his body began to rush uncontrollably desiring nothing more than to fight and slaughter the enemy before him.

"Damn beast... FUCK YOU!"

After a bellow filled with murderous intent that terrified all the surrounding creatures, Bai Zemin pushed forward the only part of his body he could move; his head.

Under everyone's disbelieving and terrified eyes, Bai Zemin opened his mouth wide and viciously bit the bear's left eye!

ROAR!!!

Bai Zemin's teeth were like indestructible metal pincers. When it clung firmly to that part of the body that was weak but strong enough to even resist the impact of bullets, the beast's left eye exploded in a bloody mess!

The bear roared in pain and unconsciously released its grip on him as it backed up several steps with its mind in shock.

Swoosh!

The wind howled and before the wounded beast could react, Bai Zemin's fist had viciously smashed its head.

Boom!

The bear was sent flying nearly ten meters before falling noisily to the ground.

However, before it could move with the pain obstructing its thoughts and instincts, the sound of lightning echoed all around as three Bai Zemin appeared and began to strike its already dizzy head Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Although each clone only had 10% of his total power, 10% was enough to make the beast feel no better considering it had just lost one eye and then received a hard blow to the head!

The Second Order bear furious and with a face covered in its own blood, opened its single eye wide and roared ferociously as the runes on its chest glowed brightly.

The sound wave struck the three clones, causing them to explode into tiny motes of light and lightning. However, just as the beast stood up, the wind behind it shook and a Bai Zemin with a bloodied face appeared.

His body was covered in lightning and blood while the look in his eyes seemed to be bloodshot.

It looked like he had transformed into a beast just like the bear.

Boom!

His fist once again hit the beast, impacting hard against its back, causing the beast to cough up blood and stagger several steps forward.