Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Seeing Bai Zemin break free, Lilith's eyes sparkled and she unconsciously let out a sigh of relief. The tension on her shoulders largely disappeared and as she looked at that face that was not especially handsome considering the large number of Higher Existences and other beings she had seen throughout her life, she felt that even covered in blood it was especially charming.

Shangguan Bing Xue also felt such relief that her slender legs grew weak from the constant up and down of contrary emotions, almost falling to the ground once again.

She did not particularly care about the bloodthirsty way in which Bai Zemin broke free; to Shangguan Bing Xue, the method was not what mattered. What was really important was to win and survive no matter how gruesome what had to be done.

As if he had gone mad, Bai Zemin charged again and punched the beast's back once more before it turned around with a fierce backward swing of its claw.

Bang!

"Bai Zemin" popped out in a pile of lightning, startling the beast again.

Boom!

From the top, Bai Zemin seemed to fall from the sky and with a powerful kick forced the Second Order bear straight to the ground, making a crater of nearly twenty meters in the process.

Cai Jingyi had the active skill Stealth, just like Fu Xuefeng. Precisely for that reason she was able to take advantage of this skill along with Lightning Movement to surprise everyone earlier.

However, Bai Zemin's skill was even better than Stealth!

When the 11 First Order beasts were killed by him, a skill scroll had fallen and Bai Zemin had not seen it until nightfall. He was very surprised when he discovered that the scroll was the First Order active skill level 1 Invisibility!

[Invisibility (First Order Active Skill) Level 1: Consume 20 Mana points to activate. For the next 10 seconds, erase your presence from the enemy's sight. The effect of the skill can be countered by visual skills and when attacking the effect is automatically cancelled. Cooldown time: 5 seconds.]

After long consideration, Bai Zemin had decided to learn Invisibility. Although he barely had one free slot left for active skills, he felt relieved at this moment as this skill together with the Lightning Movement cloning skill, he had an opportunity to come out victorious in this battle!

Bai Zemin lunged forward and slammed into the beast again before retreating, barely dodging a fierce kick from the monster. While he was in midair he checked his Mana.

I still have just over 70 points left. He thought silently as his mind was racing with what to do next.

While he seemed to have gone mad, the only thing he had lost was all inhibition in battle. His sense of thought was as clear as ever.

Since magic was ineffective unless it was cast at a surprisingly high speed or from a hidden spot, using his Blood Manipulation skill would not produce a great deal of results. This meant that Bai Zemin could only rely on pure physical power in this battle and, unfortunately, his human physique was inferior to that of a beast that was already more powerful by nature but now even surpassed him in levels and Order.

"Shangguan Bing Xue, the IFVs!" Bai Zemin shouted as he gave her a gaze before dashing like lightning into the distance.

The Second Order bear, battered and wounded, roared before dashing forward at full speed. Its only healthy eye had nothing but Bai Zemin, who had wounded it to such an extent.

It was the supreme lord of this area! Everyone who had dared to challenge it had been devoured with their Soul Power absorbed! It had even begun to develop a mind of its own with simple thoughts!

Such humiliation was simply unacceptable!

In just a second, the two disappeared from the sight of all the survivors. From a distance they could hear the constant sound of explosions and the cracking of lightnings.

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes glittered as she remembered Bai Zemin's gaze and words before disappearing into the shadows of the forest. She ignored the dizziness she felt and appeared before one of the military soldiers.

"Do you or any of your comrades know how to control the M3 IFVs?" She asked, her voice as cold as eternal ice.

The soldier, startled, nodded and stammered, " I- I and Shun Yan have some knowledge ab-"

Shangguan Bing Xue interrupted impatiently, "Who is this Shun Yan?"

Unconsciously, the soldier looked at one of his comrades.

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and before the two men knew it they were lifted up by two huge ice hands. She was not comfortable with touching them in any way and preferred to spend Mana to keep them from freezing rather than touch them directly, which considering her intelligence and the current situation, showed how reluctant she was to do so.

Soon, she disappeared like a whirlwind of icy air in the direction of the military camp leaving behind a few words.

"You guys wait here and don't move."

Chen He, Zhong De, and a completely exhausted Cai Jingyi looked at each other in fright and quickly got to work. None of them had the power to do anything in such a battle; all they could do was to secure the lives of the rest, preventing the other beasts from getting too close.

* * *

The Second Order bear was incredibly fast. There was no doubt about this.

However, with Lightning Movement active, Bai Zemin's Agility stat was 282. Even a Second Order beast like the rune bear was slightly inferior so no matter how much the beast chased, it failed to catch up.

As two shadows, one white and one black with blue flashes occasionally glowing around, Bai Zemin and the Second Order bear flashed through the forest at speeds that could only be described as frightening from the point of view of any human or creature that had not yet properly evolved.

Trees were hacked to pieces by the furious bear without even bothering to dodge them.

When a frightened creature appeared in the middle of the road, Bai Zemin unsheathed his sword and in one swift motion cut it in two, thus keeping Blood Will at its maximum and resetting the timer to five minutes again.

In just a few seconds, both beings had covered several kilometers of distance and before he knew it, Bai Zemin had reached the main road as he halted his footsteps in his tracks.

The Second Order bear continued the charge and when it arrived in front of its hated enemy it didn't even hesitate as it slashed downward with all its might.

Boom! Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The concrete floor cracked and the earth shook fiercely. A powerful shockwave rippled through the surroundings and the air erupted in an uproar unable to withstand the pressure of the blow.

However, to the dismay and to further fuel the fury of the beast, Bai Zemin had disappeared. The "Bai Zemin" before the beast once again burst into motes of light and tiny flashes of lightning!

Although the Second Order bear had begun to gain intelligence, it still could not compare to an adult human being like Bai Zemin and could hardly be considered an infant. Therefore, the beast looked at the surroundings in confusion and anger.

Let me see how you withstand this now. Bai Zemin thought viciously as his body flew several meters high into the air.

*******

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3