Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

After creating a clone and leaving it right in his previous position while activating First Order Invisibility, Bai Zemin moved like a shadow and jumped high into the sky. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

In just a second, he had left the ground behind and was more than ten meters high but even then he was still ascending.

Seeing how the Second Order bear crushed his lightning clone and the cracks spread all over the concrete unable to withstand the impact and pressure of the attack, Bai Zemin's gaze flashed coldly as he turned his body so that the forest where the other survivors and the armed arsenal was at his back.

With his right hand extended forward, the Blazing Ring glowed with a faint crimson radiance as Bai Zemin activated the Rare grade treasure skill without hesitation.

Bang!

A powerful flare of red flames shot out towards the ground in a northwest direction and the Invisibility skill was immediately canceled. Hearing the sound from above, the mighty beast looked up hurriedly and under the bright glare of the sun, it could barely see the shadow of its hated enemy several meters away.

Not caring about the crimson flames advancing in its direction or perhaps relying on its antimagic skill, the Second Order bear put all the strength of its body into its feet and with a mighty boom on the ground shot into the sky like a cannonball.

Seeing this, Bai Zemin laughed out loud. His laughter contained both mockery and anger as the Hurricane Necklace on his chest lit up with a faint pale green glow and before the beast could react, a whirlwind over ten meters in diameter shot out towards the ground, reaching the crimson flames in a millisecond.

BOOM!!!

The mighty hurricane of wind struck the crimson flames, increasing their power immeasurably. What could previously be considered a blaze had suddenly transformed into a flame monster over two hundred meters in diameter at the same time as a powerful explosion shook the surroundings.

"Ugh..." Bai Zemin was sent flying straight backward due to the power of the explosion and due to the fact that he was in mid-flight, he couldn't even properly control his body at the same time as the burning heat assaulted his face.

However, the Second Order bear took a much worse part.

The beast was directly engulfed by the blazing fire monster and its seemingly unstoppable body was directly sent flying backward again, hitting the hard ground with such ferocity that cracks with more than a hundred meters stretched along the concrete and even extended into the forest.

ROAR!!!

A terrifying roar that resounded everywhere scared the surrounding beasts and those who were in the outer areas of the forest could not help against that fear, which forced them to go deeper to get away from the place as fast as possible.

Bai Zemin soon landed on the ground two hundred meters away and quickly climbed a tree in the forest behind him while looking ahead with a cold expression.

Although he could not activate Third Order Crimson Blood Judgment because it was a skill that Bai Zemin had not mastered and needed a long time to form a weapon that could withstand the power of that skill, only the elemental union of wind and fire from the Hurricane Necklace and the Blazing Ring contained power that could not be ignored in any way.

"When a large amount of wind envelops a flare, it is natural for a powerful explosion to occur due to the sudden increase of oxygen which generates excess combustion." Bai Zemin sneered as he looked at the results of the explosion.

The entire forest to the left or right three hundred meters away with the road as the center was practically destroyed beyond recognition. The green grass was gone, replaced by dirty earth, the trees were crushed to the point where they became nothing more than a pile of small wood chips or sticks scattered everywhere.

"Besides..." He narrowed his eyes and gazed as a silhouette writhed amidst the flames that burned the opposite forest.

Roar!

Roar!

...

The Second Order bear writhed in pain as it roared steadily.

At the moment of the explosion, the beast had used its handless right arm to cover its head. As a result, its entire arm had been sent flying into the distance which showed how terrifying the power of the explosion had been; which was completely normal considering the great destruction of the surroundings.

The reason why such an explosion did not happen when Bai Zemin activated Crimson Blood Judgment was because Crimson Blood Judgment was a magical skill that united different magical skills perfectly by using Blood Manipulation as the main catalyst.

However, without Blood Manipulation as the core, the two magical skills of the two treasures came into conflict due to their obvious differences which caused such a horrifying explosion.

All of this had already been calculated by Bai Zemin.

But now he needed to see how much damage he could inflict on his enemy.

The deep crimson flames resembled a raging sea that surrounded the Second Order bear's body at the same time as it spread a little into the opposite forest.

The beast roared not only in pain but also to shake the surrounding flames. Each roar charged with mana and the beast's own magic sent out blasts that expelled the flames from its body. However, these flames were immediately replaced by other flames without giving it a single break.

Even so, Bai Zemin noticed to his dismay that the sea of crimson flames seemed to be gradually being extinguished as if a freezing winter storm suddenly swept through the world.

At the end of the day, a Second Order beast was a beast that possessed two magical skills or even more. Especially the bear in front of him, who also possessed terrifying physical abilities such as outstanding Agility and terrifying Strength as well as a large amount of Stamina.

Approximately two minutes later, the flames surrounding the beast were successfully expelled.

The previously snow-white fur of the Second Order bear was now 100% scorched to the point where the strange archaic runes on its body could no longer be seen anywhere as its entire body was carbon black.

Its only healthy eye glittered with pain, anger, shame, exhaustion, and many emotions that would normally be impossible to perceive in the eyes of an animal before the intervention of the Soul Record with the Earth's mana.

It's entire right arm was gone and burnt-smelling blood was steadily pouring out of its body as what appeared to be a cloud of fiery vapor surrounded it.

"Not so brave now eh, big guy?" Bai Zemin sneered, earning a roar from his enemy.

Without waiting for more, Bai Zemin confirmed that he had just over 50 Mana points remaining, which meant he could activate Invisibility only 2 more times or any other skill a few times depending on his own control. Then, he lunged forward and clenched his fist tightly before fiercely striking the beast's chest with a powerful bang!

Wounded in such a way, the beast had lost a large part of its power. Receiving Bai Zemin's punch directly in the chest, the huge bear was sent flying like a kite whose string had been cut while blood splattered everywhere.

*******

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3