Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Second Order bear reacted faster than Bai Zemin expected as even before he could strike a second punch, the beast turned its body and roared while the runes that were on its scorched fur glowed brightly with a demonic amber color.

The sound wave that represented the activation of a spirit type attack skill flew towards Bai Zemin. However, he decided not to jump aside and instead continued charging forward.

As the spiritual attack assaulted his mind and soul, the Spiritual Earring in his left ear let out a faint pale glow. Bai Zemin's mind cleared immediately, leaving only a small headache similar to a small prick.

I can only take one more attack head-on. Bai Zemin thought as his fist once again connected fiercely against the beast's chest.

Bang!

Apart from the bang sound, the sound of bones breaking echoed everywhere and the Second Order bear roared painfully at the same time as its chest caved inward slightly.

Unconsciously or not, just as it was sent flying by Bai Zemin's attack, the beast forcefully swung its left fist surprising him greatly.

Not expecting such a reaction, Bai Zemin hurriedly raised both arms to cover himself and when the beast's claw hit his body he felt as if a truck had hit him.

Bang!

Still, he held his ground, barely retreating half a step.

Bai Zemin bit his tongue to fight the pain and lunged forward again while creating two lightning clones.

The Second Order bear was incredibly enraged as that very skill had been one of the main reasons for its current miserable state. However, in the midst of all that fury. the fear of death began to spread through every fiber of its existence.

First Order beasts, unlike Unclassified beasts, hunted enemies for the purpose of evolution. In other words, they were aware of the evolutionary path before them and did not know what fear was; they generally did not retreat from any combat, with the First Order Anti-Magic Zombie that the group killed at the university being a special rarity.

The Unclassified beasts only hunted wildly out of pure instinct. There was no fear and even in the last moments of life they only wanted to devour their enemies.

On the other hand, the Second Order beasts were beginning to develop intelligence and self-awareness. They hunted not only to evolve but also to understand more about themselves and the world around them. At the same time, the feeling of fear began to be born as a consequence of that intelligence and conscience that was not present before but now was.

With its right arm completely destroyed, with its body completely burned, and with wounds so serious that they hurt horribly; the Second Order bear began to have thoughts of retreating from the battle.

However, the scornful look that Bai Zemin was giving it as well as his constant words filled with ridicule hurt the pride of one of the forest kings so much that this thought of retreat was being forcibly suppressed by the bear.

BANG!

As if they had planned it in advance, both beings, one First Order and one Second Order being, rushed forward. The ground beneath the feet of both exploded and concrete flew everywhere as they looked at each other with eyes filled with nothing but desire to fight, defeat their opponent, survive, absorb each other's Soul Power, and evolve into something higher.

Bai Zemin was aware that if he managed to kill the enemy before him and absorb its Soul Power he would become much stronger.

However, the Second Order bear was also aware of this fact. Although the human before it was one stage below it, his battle power was surprisingly frightening!

With a roar in mid-motion, the Spiritual Earring once again glowed, fending off the attack. However, the two clones immediately exploded into a bunch of small flashes and motes of light.

At the same time, the remaining claw of the beast clashed hard against Bai Zemin's two fists.

Boom!

The crater resulting from the previous explosion grew deeper as a cloud of dust and dirt flew everywhere. But no matter whether it was Bai Zemin or the Second Order bear, both ignored this and began to fight fiercely.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

...

Fists, kicks, elbows, knees; Bai Zemin used every part of his body to beat the giant beast before him, managing to increase its injuries more and more. However, because he had decided to ignore all defense to attack with more power and ferocity, he too was by no means unscathed.

Bang!

The left paw struck Bai Zemin in his right rib. The pain of the blow made his face contort horribly as the cracking sound echoed softly amidst his counterattack, forcing the beast to spit out even more blood.

At least one rib had been cracked.

Bang!

The Second Order bear managed to hit Bai Zemin with a kick and his left arm was incapacitated so he responded with a vicious left blow to the beast's skull, plunging it in a frightening and dangerous manner as several bones in the head were broken.

The battle only got bloodier and bloodier as the seconds ticked away and turned into minutes.

It had been four minutes in total since Bai Zemin and the Second Order bear had started fighting, but both were in miserable states. No one would be able to recognize them if they saw them at this point.

Bai Zemin was covered in his own blood and the blood of his enemy all over. His left arm hung gently at his side and his face had a horrible claw cut on it. However, his eyes sparkled brightly and he seemed to have no intention of giving up until he was victorious.

On the other hand, the bear was not much better. In fact, its condition was even more miserable.

Its right arm was long gone, its once white fur was now completely carbonized black and dried, burnt-smelling blood covered its body. Its head was tilted to one side as a strange cavity had appeared there, almost leaving the pulsating brain in plain sight. In addition, a large area of the chest was now so badly hollowed out that it was surprising how the beast could still stand upright.

Both seemed to be at the end of the line and a single error or oversight could cost the life of one of them.

Completely focused on the battle and the enemy before them, both were unaware of the sound of engines rapidly approaching in this direction.

It was only when an urgent voice reached him that Bai Zemin finally regained some clarity.

"Move away! Quickly!"

Shangguan Bing Xue's unmistakable fairy-like voice startled Bai Zemin but he didn't even linger for a moment and quickly expended the little Mana he had left to do something that caught the beast off guard.

The blood of the beast itself suddenly hardened and like snakes with free will coiled around its body, stopping its movements momentarily.

At the same time, Bai Zemin stomped the ground beneath his feet and with a mighty leap retreated several meters in less than a second. Out of the corner of his eye he caught sight of several modern war vehicles speeding out of the forest.

******* Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3