Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Two M3 type IFVs were approaching very fast in the middle of the dirt road. The two military vehicles looked like two metal beasts, crushing everything in their path.

Regardless of whether it was large tree trunks or concrete parts, the M3 IFVs crushed everything in their path and continued their forward march steadily demonstrating the great power of these machines to move in different types of environments and situations.

Standing on a tree a little over two hundred meters away, the beautiful and cold Shangguan Bing Xue observed the battlefield for a moment and her indifferent gaze could not help but shake slightly.

The place was a mess to say the least and although she had heard the explosion from before and had also seen the flames burn part of the opposing forest, she definitely did not expect to encounter such a hell.

Blood stained the ground, a crater over two hundred meters in diameter stretched with what used to be part of the main road, part of both sections of the forest had disappeared turning into nothing more than a pile of loose dirt and jumbled rocks.

But what surprised not only her, but also the two military men driving the M3 IFVs was undoubtedly the miserable condition of the Second Order bear. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The Second Order bear had slaughtered nearly twenty people and its overwhelming presence had caused thirty survivors to be unable to withstand the pressure, flee into the forest, and be slaughtered by other wild creatures.

It did not matter if the weapon used was a pistol, light machine gun, heavy machine gun, or rifle; it did not matter if the ammunition used was normal or with high penetrating capability; the creature's defenses before them had reached the level where they could only despair.

Even the explosion of about twenty grenades had only slightly wounded the beast. In fact, the wound had been so insignificant that it could almost be completely ignored! The only thing they had gotten in return had been the rage and unleashed power of the monster!

However...

"Now I don't know who the real monster is here." Shangguan Bing Xue didn't know how to feel about it as she looked at the miserable condition of the Second Order bear.

The beast was so badly injured that it looked like it was about to collapse at any moment.

But when she looked at Bai Zemin, she realized that the battle that had broken out here had been even fiercer than she thought.

This was the first time since the apocalypse had begun that she had seen Bai Zemin in such a miserable condition. Even when she had practically saved his life in his first encounter and battle to the death against the First Order Blazing Beetle he was not in such an unfavorable condition as he was now with the exception of the burns on his feet that almost prevented him from walking.

Bai Zemin's entire body was a mess at this point. Not only did he have a broken arm hanging uncontrollably at his side, but he also had a large gash on the right side of his face which had it been just a little deeper or a little lower, his head could have been severed from his body and cut to pieces.

All of him looked as if he had come out of a battle against gods and demons.

Shangguan Bing Xue scanned and analyzed the situation for two seconds before quickly shouting somewhat anxiously, "Move away! Quickly!"

Bai Zemin seemed to notice her as he quickly jumped back.

Furthermore, Shangguan Bing Xue was also sure that he had activated the skill that allowed him to control the blood as the beast was trapped by its own blood as if it were firm iron chains trapping a small puppy.

But she was aware that this could only last 1 second at most so she hurriedly ordered in a voice brimming with leadership, "Fire!"

The two soldiers driving the M3 Infantry Fighting Vehicle did not even hesitate and as if they were receiving the order from an immediate superior they started firing the 40 mm cannons.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

A burst of fire fell on the area where the Second Order bear was trapped just as the runes on its scorched body glowed brightly after a fierce roar.

As the runes glowed, the mana surrounding and shaping the blood chains disappeared and the beast regained its freedom. However, that mini-second of time was enough to be engulfed in a burst of a dozen shots fired by the IFVs' main cannons.

Shangguan Bing Xue did not stand idly by either. Taking advantage of the small amount of Mana recovered during the time she was not fighting, she raised one hand to the sky and with her other hand holding her wand pointed to the spot where the beast was being bombarded.

"Ice Spears!"

A dozen ice spears with a length of almost three meters shot out at full speed. After hitting the area, the freezing frost energy transformed the crater into an ice rink.

ROAR!

A roar of fury but mostly of fear and pain shook everyone's eardrums. The two infantrymen did not dare to stop for a moment and continued firing the main cannons manually while the heavy machine guns started firing automatically at the indicated spot.

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and saw the Second Order bear running off in the direction of the forest. At a glance, he managed to see huge bloody wounds all over the creature's body and now part of its only remaining arm had been torn off.

"Don't let it break away!" Bai Zemin shouted anxiously. He no longer had Mana and his Stamina had been greatly consumed so there was no way he could continue fighting the same way he had been doing!

Unfortunately, there was no way the soldiers, who were just normal unevolved humans, could follow the movements of such a terrifying beast as the Second Order bear.

Even being injured in such a way and with its movement speed severely affected, the beast's Agility was not something a normal existence could comprehend or follow!

Swoosh!

Shangguan Bing Xue gritted her teeth and activated one of her skills called Frozen Slide as she charged forward. The ground beneath her feet froze for every step she took which increased her Agility and thus her movement speed by several points.

Thanks to the beast having been severely wounded by Bai Zemin in addition to having its Stamina dangerously low and then receiving attacks from the 40mm cannons of the IFVs, Shangguan Bing Xue's movement speed was enough to move deep into the forest and in no time catch up to the beast.

The Second Order bear's eyes flashed viciously in fear as it saw a human blocking its path. It wanted to run away! In its current condition, instinct and its low intelligence told it that if it stayed there it would definitely be killed by the iron machines!

Without even thinking about it, the beast continued to advance with somewhat staggering steps and slashed with its claw with the intention of crushing the obstacle.

Shangguan Bing Xue turned pale. Even in such a miserable state the beast was still so powerful that she did not dare to underestimate it in any way so she directly spent her remaining 30 remaining Mana points to form a halberd before placing it in a defensive stance.

Clang!

The claw of the beast, which was practically out of Stamina, didn't have as much power as before. Hitting the ice halberd, it could not destroy it immediately.

Shangguan Bing Xue's beautiful and charming face was so pale that it was scary. Her sweet red lips had no trace of blood on them due to the loss of 100% of her Mana.

At the same time, the Strength of the Second Order bear caused her internal organs to shake and a small trickle of red blood slid out from the corner of her mouth.

Crack...Crack....

Cracks spread across the ice halberd, but she endured her condition and cried out, "Bai Zemin!"

The sound of lightning was the answer she was waiting for.

Like a ghost out of hell itself, a bathed in blood Bai Zemin appeared just above the head of the terrifying beast and with a full twist of his body, his right leg firmly and fiercely struck the practically destroyed head of the monster.

BANG!

With a horrific bang, the head of the beast that had given them so much trouble and pain exploded into thousands of pieces. After the loss of mana that constantly protected its body, its defenses had collapsed so Bai Zemin's fierce kick that contained all his Strength caused blood to splatter everywhere.

At the same time, three orbs of Soul Power with different sizes came out of the beast's body.

The smallest orb entered Shangguan Bing Xue's body.

The second larger orb flew into the forest and disappeared into the trees.

As for the larger and brighter orb, it naturally entered Bai Zemin's body.

Shangguan Bing Xue, Bai Zemin, and Cai Jingyi received a similar message that flashed in their retinas. The only difference in the message was the additional stats obtained after absorbing the Soul Power acquired from a powerful enemy.

But the three of them focused on one thing in particular.

[You have obtained the Soul Power of Second Order Surprisingly Strong Archaic Bear level 58]

After what had been the worst battle to date, the nerves of the three people finally relaxed and a sigh of relief flew from their lungs.

*******

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3