Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue unconsciously looked at each other. They both saw the complicated glance in each other's eyes.

Never in their lives had they ever seen a kind of weapon similar to the one he held in his hands. Just based on its futuristic appearance alone it was definitely many years ahead of mankind's current technology.

Shangguan Bing Xue could not contain her curiosity about the weapon. She put her delicate hand on the top of the weapon and wished to know its description and details.

Bai Zemin also did the same as her and a series of green words flashed in both of their retinas.

[Infinite Reduction (Epic Grade Treasure) : Shoot a beam capable of reducing non-moving objects or lifeless creatures. The power depends on the energy administered through Soul Stones, the higher the grade and purity of the Soul Stone, the more objects it can reduce and the higher its Order or level. Consumes 1 Soul Megacyclone of energy per day to keep objects in a reduced size state. Generates 2 Soul Megacyclone of energy every 24 hours. Current Soul Megacyclone: 0/500000. NOTE: The weight of objects is reduced by half regardless of the total size reduction.]

A weapon capable of reducing objects! Bai Zemin's heart pounded against his chest so hard that it seemed to threaten to want to escape at any moment due to the excitement!

Infinite Reduction had several limitations despite its extremely powerful name; for example, it did not work against moving objects and was also useless against living beings. However, Bai Zemin was not worried about any of this in the least.

After all, an Epic grade treasure could not be all-powerful.

But even with such limitations that practically put the use of Infinite Reduction in real combat out of the question, this treasure was so precious to Bai Zemin that it was priceless!

That's right! Even if it was not a combat-useful treasure and even if it did not even grant a mere statistic, this treasure was from a certain point of view even more valuable than all the treasures Bai Zemin had acquired so far!

With Infinite Reduction, Bai Zemin would finally be able to reduce the size of his items and carry them much more easily!

Although he didn't have a spatial storage treasure as Lilith did, with this treasure his entire life had suddenly become thousands of times lighter and easier!

"What an incredible treasure... It really is worthy of the word Epic." Shangguan Bing Xue sighed.

She was naturally aware of how precious such a weapon capable of reducing the size of objects was; especially for a faction in the midst of formation.

Now it would no longer be necessary that every time monsters appeared they would have to move hundreds of survivors to take care of the corpses. They could simply reduce the size, load them into a vehicle, and take them to the Beginning Village where the survivors could work more comfortably and much safer.

Events similar to today's where an extremely powerful enemy existence massacred more than a dozen people directly or indirectly would probably never happen again. At the very least, the probability of such a thing happening had been greatly reduced.

Bai Zemin could no longer keep calm and for a moment seemed to forget the pain in his body and his wounds.

He circled around the body of the Second Order Surprisingly Strong Archaic Bear to see if it had dropped any other items. He was definitely not willing to leave anything behind regardless of how worthless it was!

Besides, neither he nor Shangguan Bing Xue believed that treasures coming from a being as powerful as the Second Order Surprisingly Strong Archaic Bear were of little value.

Infinite Reduction was a clear example of this.

Unfortunately, even after circling the body several times, neither Bai Zemin nor Shangguan Bing Xue managed to find a second item.

"I guess that's it..." Bai Zemin looked resigned.

Shangguan Bing Xue didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She observed, "We just obtained a treasure of such magnitude. It would have seemed even stranger to me if there were more things of such a grade."

Bai Zemin thought about it for a moment and finally his spirit lifted. Indeed, she was right. He shouldn't be so greedy. Finndd the newð’†st ð’ovels on n/ð’/velbin(.)com

With his mood improved by what Shangguan Bing Xue said, Bai Zemin scrubbed his hands maniacally in his mind and said aloud, "Let's test how well this baby works."

Shangguan Bing Xue said nothing and advanced towards the almost completely crushed head of the monster. An ice dagger appeared in her hand and after a light search, her eyes sparkled with joy and surprise as she touched something hard between the middle of the destroyed brain.

"There really is one!" She exclaimed happily, losing her coolness momentarily.

In his fist, to Bai Zemin's delight, was a Second Order Soul Stone.

This was the first time he or she had ever seen a Second Order Soul Stone and its value was undoubtedly immeasurable! Who knew how long it might be before he or she would see a second one again?

To avoid breaking precious items, Bai Zemin had left his backpack hidden in the forest so he didn't even have a single Soul Stone with him at the moment. But even then, he was unwilling to use this Soul Stone as an experiment.

"Wait a moment, let's see how these work first."

Shangguan Bing Xue clearly didn't want to waste such a precious Soul Stone just like that either. Without saying a word more, she rummaged through her bag for a moment and soon pulled out a few dozen Unclassified Soul Stones from inside.

Bai Zemin picked up one Unclassified Soul Stone and, while he didn't quite know how Infinite Reduction worked, one didn't have to be a genius to figure it out. He brought the Soul Stone close to the bottom where the strange crystal sphere was located and soon the white light particles inside began to glow brightly.

The Unclassified Soul Stone soon seemed to respond as it too began to glow with a faint pale white glow that quickly became brighter and brighter. After two or three seconds, the Soul Stone in Bai Zemin's hand had disappeared as if it had vanished into thin air.

[Infinite Reduction (Epic Grade Treasure) : Current Soul Megacyclone: 10/500000]

"10 Soul Megacyclone, huh..." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath.

He didn't know how the Soul Megacyclone thing worked. He also didn't know how much energy a Soul Stone could give depending on the level or Order the monster or creature it belonged to before it was killed. As for this, both Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue were helpless and could only continue to test.

Bai Zemin consumed a total of forty Unclassified Soul Stones to do some testing. Although he could not get much information out of it, what he obtained was enough to make him happy.

The Unclassified Soul Stones that he and Shangguan Bing Xue were using were naturally the Soul Stones that belonged to the Wolf Spiders that were slaughtered inside the forest.

Those Wolf Spiders were not the exact same level even though they were the same type of monster; which was completely normal. With levels hovering around level five and level ten, the Soul Stones could be of higher quality or lower quality.

However, to the surprise and relief of both of them, it didn't matter which Soul Stone they used. All forty Soul Stones gave exactly ten Soul Megacyclone each.

"Infinite Reduction now has a total of 500 Soul Megacyclone." Shangguan Bing Xue pointed as she looked at her bag. "I don't have any more Soul Stones left here. I think we should check how much energy it takes to reduce the Second Order bear's body to manageable levels for us."

Bai Zemin nodded in agreement. If 500 Soul Megacyclone wasn't enough to reduce the beast's size to something manageable then this treasure was trash. No matter how valuable the Infinite Reduction skill was, if the consumption was too high then there was no point in using it.

After all, Soul Stones were extremely precious and valuable. Bai Zemin was not willing to waste too many since in the future these items would be the main source of energy in the world. The more he obtained in the early stages, the better it would be for him and his faction's development in the future when things became more grim.

Bai Zemin pointed the gun at the Second Order bear but before he had a chance to press the trigger a tiny glass window appeared at the back of the gun. Because it had previously been turned off, Bai Zemin had thought it was just some sort of decoration, but now he realized how naive his thinking had been.

How could such a technologically advanced and magically operated weapon have unnecessary parts?

[Target: Second Order Surprisingly Strong Archaic Bear ----> Size reduction to 10 cm: 50 Soul Megacyclone]

Seeing the message on the small crystal screen Bai Zemin let out a small sigh of relief. Fortunately the consumption had not reached a scary level.

If all the Unclassified Soul Stones regardless of the level of the killed beast gave a total of 10 Soul Megacyclone each, then this meant that to reduce the size of a Second Order beast, a total of 5 Unclassified Soul Stones would be needed.

A lot of testing still needed to be done, but temporarily that was all Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Zemin could do about it.

*******

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3