Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin looked at his creation with an extremely pleased and satisfied expression on his face. He was far from being a talented blacksmith, but even then he worked hard to overcome that gap with effort and dedication.

In the past, due to his family being only a middle-class family, Bai Zemin was always a very careful person. For him at that time, any skill was of use as it could be useful to get any kind of job in the future.

It was precisely because of this kind of mentality that he also endeavored to learn smithing.

Fortunately he did, or else he would still have to use the Xuanyuan Sword. Although Bai Zemin did not know how powerful the Blazing Scale Greatsword he had forged was in comparison to the Xuanyuan Sword Rare grade treasure, his instinct told him that he would definitely no longer have difficulty slashing his enemies.

Besides, this was by far the piece of work he was most satisfied with to date.

The blade of the Blazing Scale Greatsword was completely blood red in color as it was composed solely of powerful and sharp scales of a First Order beast with a small rise separating the center from the sharp edges.

At the top, the hilt was made of the armor from the First Order Shining Scale Rhinos that he killed in the forest a few days ago. In addition, to prevent his hands from slipping on the hilt, Bai Zemin used bright golden colored leather in the shape of a spiral as a hillock, which not only gave him a better grip but also made a great contrast with the dark hilt.

The cross between the blade and the hilt was as wide as Bai Zemin's own shoulder-to-shoulder distance. His enemies could forget about trying to break through his defenses at that part.

The Blazing Scale Greatsword in its entirety measured over two meters, being even taller than Bai Zemin himself.

"I guess I'll have to hang it behind my back diagonally if I don't want it to touch the floor." Bai Zemin scratched his head and sighed.

He looked at the details of his Blazing Scale Greatsword but no matter how much he looked he didn't understand much. After all, he needed to test the weapon in combat to know how good those 750 points of physical attack damage were.

What surprised Bai Zemin a bit was actually the appearance of a bonus.

10% of the attack power will be added as fire damage.

But after thinking about it for a moment, Bai Zemin finally understood. The scales he used to make 90% of the greatsword possessed a certain remaining fire-type aura due to the monster with fire-like skills from which the scales came from. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Hey, what do you think about this? Lil-"

Bai Zemin wanted to ask Lilith what she thought about his creation, but when he turned around and noticed that there was another person inside the room, his words automatically got stuck in his throat.

"Shangguan Bing Xue? What are you doing here?"

How did this woman get in here? He was dumbfounded and unconsciously looked at Lilith as if searching for answers. Too bad for him, she simply shrugged her shoulders and said nothing about it.

Shangguan Bing Xue had a strange expression on her face as she looked at him. She had been here for over an hour and had even participated a bit in the construction of the weapon on the workbench but apparently he didn't really even notice her until now.

"I came to see how your work was going." She replied casually and looked at the giant sword before pointing somewhat confused, "That sword... Are you sure you can swing that thing up?"

Bai Zemin followed her eyes and when he saw the greatsword even he hesitated a little.

This thing... He used over four hundred scales to create the entire greatsword. Some scales were crushed on top of another, piling many in one spot. The weight of this sword was something even he needed to check yet.

"Let's see it now..." Bai Zemin muttered to himself and put a hand on the hilt. He flexed the muscles of his right arm and tried to lift the greatsword with all his Strength.

Slowly, the greatsword was lifted into the air by him. Although he could indeed lift it with only one arm, it was actually quite difficult for Bai Zemin to keep it up so he hurriedly grabbed onto the hilt with his other hand as well, starting to use all his strength.

"Mmm... It's actually a bit heavy." He nodded but still smiled. "Though it is a bit heavy and in the long run it could be problematic, as long as my Stamina doesn't drop too much it should be fine."

The entire greatsword definitely weighed over 1 ton. One could imagine the mess such a weapon could make if it hit the ground... Or the body of an enemy.

Bai Zemin shuddered at the thought. The desire to want to try out his new weapon assaulted him, but he quickly suppressed it as he looked around the room? filled with mutated and evolved monster materials.

"I should make a light armor too." He thought aloud.

Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head and said calmly, "I'll let you work then. Another reason I came here was to tell you that tomorrow we will begin to break through to the south, directly towards Baiquan Camp."

"I see." Bai Zemin nodded. "I probably won't leave for about a week. I plan to make weapons and armors for quite a few people so it will take me some time. Make sure everyone knows the rules and in case not someone doesn't adhere to them... You know what I mean."

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him intently for a moment before nodding and turning to leave.

While looking at her small back, Bai Zemin suddenly thought about something and stopped her, "Hey, wait a second."

Shangguan Bing Xue stopped her steps and looked over her shoulder at him with questioning eyes as she waited for his next words.

"What kind of weapon do you want? Although I think you are a mage, your melee ability is exceptional so I don't know what your preference is."

Hearing his question, Shangguan Bing Xue's small mouth opened slightly and her blue eyes sparkled strangely. For a moment she didn't know what to answer.

"What's with that surprised look?" Bai Zemin was dumbfounded. This was probably the first time he had seen Shangguan Bing Xue surprised by something so small. "Didn't I tell you that I was going to make weapons and armors for everyone?"

Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head, but this gesture was more for herself than for anyone in particular. She looked at Bai Zemin and then looked at Lili, who had been silent all this time. After several seconds, she walked towards the exit without saying anything.

Just as Bai Zemin was beginning to get irritated, a clear voice rang in his ears.

"A sword... Thank you."

The door opened and a moment later it closed again.

The room was almost completely silent, the only exception being the steady crackling of the flames inside the smithing furnace.

"Well. That's already the second time she's thanked me, I guess." Bai Zemin shrugged indifferently and looked at the pile of materials surrounding him.

His next target was a suit of armor for himself.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3