After thinking for a moment, Bai Zemin nodded silently to himself and realized that what Lilith said was true.

While it was still a pity that he had no knowledge about magic runes, such matters were things that could only be left to fate. Even if Bai Zemin killed millions of enemies he would not necessarily obtain what he was looking for but a person who killed only one enemy may succeed.

It was better to be content with his current achievements; achievements that were by no means small.

In little more than twenty days, Bai Zemin had gone from an ordinary little student without any power to a true monster with enough strength to crush beasts that only existed in fantasy tales and mythological legends.

If such accomplishments were not enough to make him at least a little proud, then what was?

Just at that moment, the door of the room opened softly. Although the sound was extremely small, Bai Zemin noticed it easily since he was currently taking a short break from work.

At the door, a small head covered with black hair cautiously peeked out while two big black eyes sparkling like gems looked at the inside of the room curiously.

"Little Ning, do you need something?" Bai Zemin asked with a smile as he looked amusedly at the nine-year-old girl hiding.

Luo Ning cautiously entered the room while holding a sweet cookie packet in her small hand. After looking around the room a bit, she asked carefully, "Big brother Bai, are you busy...?"

Bai Zemin chuckled and shook his head slightly, "No. I just finished and was planning to take a little break. What do you say we go get something to eat?"

Hearing his words, Luo Ning's eyes lit up like stars in the night sky. She jumped happily in her little custom-made military uniform and exclaimed, "Great! Big brother Bai, you know? Actually, I wanted to treat you to breakfast too!"

"Oh? That's quite a coincidence then." Bai Zemin acted surprised as he took the little girl's small hand and walked towards the exit.

How could he not know what a little child was thinking? Considering what time it was and the small cookie packet in Luo Ning's hand, Bai Zemin naturally came to such a conjecture easily.

In any case, he also needed to eat something and take a shower before continuing to work.

"Big sister Lili, are you coming with us?" Luo Ning looked back and asked with a big smile. She had always been a cheerful and sweet girl, even when the apocalypse broke out and she barely had anything to eat, her personality hadn't changed in the slightest.

'Lili' giggled softly and advanced with slow steps, "How can I say no to a smile as lovely as yours?"

"Hehe!"

There were two soldiers at the entrance of the workshop. Except for people with great power and authority they would not allow anyone to enter. Seeing the three people come out, the two of them hurriedly bowed without daring to show the slightest disrespect.

Although Luo Ning was only a nine years old girl, she was currently level 10 and was quickly leveling up under the guidance of the various village leaders. In the future she would definitely become a great fighter. So what did age matter?

As for 'Lili', although she was a maid, no one dared to treat her as such. No one even dared to give her orders or look at her strangely. Who didn't know that she was the main leader's favorite woman? Disrespecting her was no different than signing a contract with Death itself!

* * *

After breakfast at his villa, Bai Zemin took a quick shower and returned to the workshop immediately.

As for Luo Ning, she went to kill zombies together with an expedition squad. With her First Order Shadow Cat skill, she was doing very well and was gradually getting more accustomed to her own skill.

Inside the workshop.

"I should use these, don't you think?" He asked while lightly touching the bones of a particular beast.

"Undoubtedly." Lilith nodded with a neutral expression.

These bones were part of the skeleton of one of the First Order Frost Control Lions. Instead of white bones, these bones were sky blue in color and a slight frost energy was occasionally released, causing the temperature a few meters around to drop slightly.

Bai Zemin no longer hesitated. With all his equipment ready, he could finally start preparing equipment for the others. This would greatly increase the overall strength of his group and make things much easier for him. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The part he chose to work on was a particularly hard part of the beast's leg bone. As to what this bone was called, Bai Zemin had no idea nor did he care; all he cared about was that it was the perfect material for hammering.

It was especially difficult to work with this kind of material. If he hammered too hard the bone would splinter instead of compress, which would ruin everything. But if he hammered too softly, then he could forget about modifying the evolved bone.

As if that wasn't enough, Bai Zemin also had to work overtime to adapt the temperature of the bone with the flame of the Blazing Ring but very carefully so as not to eliminate the frost energy of the evolved bone.

In fact, it was so challenging that even after five whole hours he still hadn't succeeded in his purpose. Were it not for the fact that the Frost Control Lion was several meters tall and even longer, Bai Zemin might have already run out of material to work with.

But he did not give up. He was definitely going to succeed. Little by little, he was becoming more proud and arrogant so failure due to his own incompetence was something that instead of holding him back only pushed him to get better and better.

Lilith watched his every move from the side without saying a word. When he moved to the left, her bright eyes followed him calmly and when he moved to the right they quickly changed direction.

"I think I can do it this time." Bai Zemin muttered under his breath as he pulled the evolved bone out of the furnace and began to hammer.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

The movement of his arm was perfect and the sound of metal clanging metal echoed in sync; there wasn't even a thousandth of a second difference between each clang. In fact, the amount of Strength that Bai Zemin was applying in each swing was perfect and without using even a single extra point.

This was the first time Bai Zemin worked with a beast bone to forge something, so it was natural to fail sometimes. After destroying several evolved bones and ruining what could have been no less than ten swords, he too had become used to working with this kind of material.

Two hours later, already nearing 5 p.m, a thin, deep blue sword lay silently on the worktable. But the work was not yet finished.

Bai Zemin took the dagger from his waist and carefully cut off a small part of the blue leather belonging to a Frost Control Lion. Immediately after that, he dipped the tiny piece of leather into boiling water and taking advantage of the softening of the material began to shape it into the form he wanted while removing what he wasn't going to use and casually discarding it to the side.

This process was easy for the actual him. It only took him two or three minutes at most.

Then the drying process began. Because this small piece of leather was only a few centimeters long and even less wide, it took only a minute or two to dry under the care of the magical flame crackling in the furnace.

When the material was completely dry, that ragged-looking leather had turned into a beautiful short, deep blue sheath that shone brightly reflecting the flames. This would be the cover for the hilt of the sword.

Bai Zemin attached the sheath to the bone and quickly began working to join the two materials together. When it was completed, a beautiful sky-blue sword shimmered in the sun's glare that shone through the room's dusk.

"Well, at least it looks pretty good. Let's see how it is then." Bai Zemin smiled slightly and stretched his hand forward.

The information and details of the sword flashed in his eyes immediately.

[Frozen Winter Sword -

[One-handed weapon]

[Rank: 1]

[Physical Attack Power: 620]

[Increases the power of ice-type attacks by 10%.]

[Durability: 2500/2500]

[Description: A sword crafted from the materials of a First Order beast that possessed the innate skill of controlling ice. Its characteristics were extracted to perfection by its creator after many hours of effort and continuous work.]

Bai Zemin sighed in relief as he saw the information and details of the Frozen Winter Sword. Fortunately everything had turned out perfectly, just as he wanted and expected.

For obvious reasons, the Frozen Winter Sword did not have as much physical attack power as Bai Zemin's Blazing Scale Greatsword. After all, one was a heavy two-handed weapon focused on crushing everything in its path while the other was a one-handed sword more focused on speed.

Still, the physical attack power was even higher than Bai Zemin originally expected. He even managed to extract the frosting characteristics perfectly, as the description clearly stated.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3