Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

"Big brother, what do we do now?" The beautiful woman asked anxiously. She had also seen the roadblock from a few hundred meters ahead.

If she were a normal person, she wouldn't necessarily be able to distinguish the situation so clearly from so far away. However, regardless of whether it was the woman or the man; neither of them were normal people. Both of them had evolved by absorbing Soul Power from the enemies that tried to take their lives until now!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The gunshots coming from the pursuing vehicles made the anxiety felt by the beautiful woman only increase more as she supported the bullet wounded old man.

"Damn you bastards!" The beauty gritted her teeth viciously and reached her hand back in a hurry as she activated her skill.

The surrounding mana trembled lightly and a multicolored barrier appeared at the back of the car.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

Bullets continuously struck the barrier causing small metallic sounds to echo everywhere. But no matter how many bullets their enemies fired, they failed to break through the defensive barrier. In fact, they weren't even close.

"I can activate my skill only 2 more times!" The beautiful woman exclaimed with a trace of panic. She had been protecting everyone for over four hours and barely had time to restore her Mana. If it wasn't for the fact that her First Order Energy Barrier level 2 skill consumed Mana according to the time activated and not for the activation itself, she would have long since run out of fuel.

"We have no choice but to gamble this time!" The man in his early forties gritted his teeth and decided to bet it all on a single roll of the dice.

It wasn't like they had much choice anyway.

...

Seeing that the cars in front did not obey his words, Xiao Ming's expression turned cold. Just as the vehicles entered the hundred-meter range, he was about to give the order to open full fire when the pickup being pursued slammed on the brakes noisily, stopping just under forty meters ahead.

The two pursuing drivers made a quick maneuver, stopping one vehicle in the back and the other in the rear of the pickup, thus closing off any possibility of retreat.

Eight men got out of the vehicles with pistols and some type 81 rifles. They quickly surrounded the pickup pointing with fierce expressions, apparently completely ignoring the armed roadblock a short distance away.

"Let me see where you run now, Nangong Lingxin, Nangong Yi!" a young adult man of about 27 years old dressed in police uniform stepped forward with a smirk on his face and lewdness glittering in his eyes. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Big brother..." Nangong Lingxin's face lost all color as she saw that they were surrounded. She knew that if they were caught by these people their destinies would be miserable. Especially her own; she would definitely live a life worse than death.

Nangong Yi took a deep breath and said softly, "Lingxin, take care of father. Also, keep your barrier active around the vehicle as long as you can or until I say the opposite."

Without waiting for a response from his younger sister, he got out of the pickup with a resolve and faced the militants seemingly without fear.

"Nangong Yi, Nangong Yi... What a disappointment." The young man who had spoken earlier shook his head and sighed as if he was really disappointed in something.

"Disappointment? Hmph! Don't make me laugh, Kang Hong! You fucking gross pervert!" Nangong Yi snorted in annoyance. His eyes flashed and without hesitation he activated his First Order Barbarian Strength skill, causing his Strength and the toughness of his skin to increase by several folds, "I'd rather die than let you touch a hair on my little sister's head! But I can assure you that before that... I will bring you with me to hell!"

"Oh?" The young man named Kang Hong narrowed his eyes dangerously. He wasn't the least bit worried about Nangong Yi's skill.

At that moment, a cold voice sounded from the distance. Hearing this voice, Nanong Yi's eyes flashed strangely and he simply stood there silently; he didn't have a gun with him at the moment in any case.

"All of you put down your guns, now! Anyone who still has their guns in their hands after five seconds will be shot dead!"

It was only after hearing those words that the group of eight armed men led by Kang Hong turned their attention to the gunmen in the distance. But the most surprising thing was that while they had a hint of caution in their gaze, there was no fear in their eyes and there was even a hint of disdain as they looked at the armed men.

"What do we do, boss?" A man, also dressed as a policeman like the rest, asked.

All the men looked at Kang Hong waiting for a response as Xiao Ming counted from a distance.

"1!"

"2!"

"3!"

Kang Hong looked at the extremely beautiful Nangong Lingxin and a cruel glint flashed in his eyes as he remembered how useless humans were. In front of them, evolved people with skills, they were all nothing and useless beings!

"4!" Xiao Ming held a military radio to his mouth ready to give his order.

"Kill them all." Kang Hong ordered and immediately activated his First Order Inferior Speed Improvement level 1 skill, transforming into a gust of wind that charged forward at the same time as he began firing bursts of gunfire.

The other gunmen immediately activated different skills and began firing instantly. Some of them transformed into werewolves, others became faster, others simply gained a boost of Strength and used that to gain explosive speed, others seemingly unchanged; all kinds of skills.

Xiao Ming's face changed as he saw the other side begin their attack and immediately sought cover as he angrily shouted, "Fire at will! Hold nothing back!"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Immediately chaos broke out.

A Beginning Village soldier poked his head out from behind a sandbag preparing to fire when a bullet penetrated the center of his forehead. A look of disbelief shone in his eyes before he fell lifeless.

Another Beginning Village soldier furiously firing a semi-automatic rifle was also surprised when a ground stake came out of nowhere, piercing him in the chest and leaving through his back. He too was killed on the spot.

In just a matter of seconds, the Beginning Village had lost more than four men.

However, the other side was not unharmed either.

A man in his thirties had a strange metallic sheen on his skin, defying the incoming bullets as he fired his own rifle. Every time the bullets hit him, they were repelled with a distinctive metallic sound.

Normal humans are really trash. The militant thought with mockery.

Just then, the two Type 53 heavy machine guns on both sides of the road opened fire furiously. Like two monsters released from their restraints, dozens of .50 caliber bullets flew in the blink of an eye and several of them hit the iron-skinned man.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The man's footsteps were stopped in their tracks as his body was turned into a sieve. As he was sent flying a meter or two due to the power of the bullets, his incredulous eyes reflected his surprise before the death.

A man whose age could not be identified because his entire body was covered with bestial fur ran like a whirlwind across the battlefield. Due to his high Agility, it was difficult for the enemy soldiers to hit him and even when some smaller caliber bullets hit his body they simply rebounded on contact with his powerful skin.

Swoosh!

The werewolf appeared before a soldier and with a wave of his hand, a soldier's head was sent flying through the air. Hot blood splattered his face giving him a ferocious appearance.

Just as he was about to retreat, he saw an object fly towards him and tumble a foot away.

"Fuc-"

Boom!

The grenade exploded before the werewolf could finish uttering a word and his body was blown apart. Hundreds of pieces of flesh flew everywhere while an arm flew through the air.

A man from Kang Hong's party summoned a giant bear. While using it as cover, he took the opportunity to fire his gun every chance he got. The bear was shot head on and although its body was riddled with wounds it didn't look like it was going to fall any time soon.

Just as the summoner poked his head out to shoot again, a loud bang sounded from a distance and his head exploded in a bloody mess with pieces of skull flying everywhere.

Three hundred meters away from the scene, on top of a five-story building, a soldier with a sniper rifle peered through the rifle scope as the corpse collapsed and the summoned bear disappeared before he moved on to the next target.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The whole place was a hell where a single misstep could cost anyone their life.

While taking cover behind a wall, the expression on Kang Hong's face was extremely ugly.

"Damn it! What the hell is this!" he cursed as he clutched at his bleeding arm. He was fast, but no faster than bullets. In the midst of so much gunfire, he was hit by a shot that finally brought him back to reality.

Even those who had not evolved were fierce too! Even those who had evolved by absorbing Soul Power and gained powerful skills could fall before a normal human!

Kang Hong thought that all those without skills were just trash. A mistake that had cost the lives of four of his most loyal subordinates. Even his own life was not guaranteed!