Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

After fighting alongside Bai Zemin for so long and experiencing so many things together, Cai Jingyi and Kang Lan were clear that a person's level did not mean that they were strong; even their skills obtained through the Soul Record did not tell the whole story.

The purity of Soul Power represented the vast majority of a person's power along with intelligence, speed of adapting to different situations, cunning, and so on. But asking about Soul Power purity through statistics was rather rude unless that person was totally trustworthy, so it was not possible to know how strong the Nangong siblings really were.

Still, even if Nangong Yi and Nangong Lingxin were not as strong as Cai Jingyi, Wu Yijun, and Chen He, who had absorbed quite a bit of Soul Power from beasts above them, they were definitely a great asset to the group. Especially Nangong Lingxin; her skill Energy Barrier was a rarity among rarities.

"Then everything is settled now." Cai Jingyi smiled slightly and ordered the soldiers to lower their guns.

Seeing that everything was finished, Nangong Yi sighed in relief and slowly stood up.

"So, can you heal my father now?" Nangong Lingxin was still worried about this matter.

"Sure." Cai Jingyi nodded and looked at Kang Lan.

"Just once." Kang Lan extended her hand forward as she pointed at the injured elder and said in a serious voice, "I still need to heal the leader at least once after this."

"With your current Magic, one healing should be more than enough." Cai Jingyi chuckled.

Kang Lan's extended hand glimmered with a faint white radiance and under the watchful eyes of Nangong Yi and Nangong Lingxin, an orb of pure white light shot out towards the elder. Before the two could react, the white orb had already struck the abdomen where the wound was and disappeared as if it had never existed in the first place.

A small grunt escaped from the old man's mouth followed immediately by a small sigh of satisfaction. Without even saying a single word, his eyes rolled back in his head and he fainted straight away.

Nangong Lingxin reacted quickly and caught him while looking at Kang Lan suspiciously.

"My magic skill restores wounds, it doesn't recover lost blood." Kang Lan explained calmly. "Your father needs to rest to slowly recover. But you don't need to worry, his life is out of risk."

What a joke! Kang Lan's Lesser Healing skill was even capable of restoring bones turned to dust, how could it not be able to seal a bullet wound and heal injured organs?

Nangong Yi and her younger sister looked at each other and finally relaxed a little when they heard Kang Lan's explanation.She had nothing to gain by lying to them as the truth would come out sooner rather than later, therefore, both siblings felt comfortable knowing that their father's life was out of danger. Besides, the fact that their father was under so much pressure for so many days at his age despite being just a normal human had finally taken its toll on him so he collapsed immediately when he knew that all things had been settled.

Cai Jingyi clapped her hands softly and said with a serious expression, "Now... I think we'd better report this to Shangguan Bing Xue."

Kang Lan nodded, "The matter of a large camp with over three thousand survivors north of our position is a serious matter. Because we have only been spreading out in the southern direction of Ruilin City, we don't care about the other areas. But if we can receive all these people, the amount of manpower will increase and the speed at which we can spread out to look for our families will increase greatly."

"In the meantime, you two can go take a shower if you wish. I will have someone prepare a change of clothes for you." Cai Jingyi offered upon seeing the poor condition the two siblings were in.

Nangong Lingxin's eyes immediately sparkled at the mention of a shower. She really couldn't take any more. Her clothes were dirty, her body was sweating from the constant battles, and she barely had time to rest. A hot shower would definitely replenish her mental energy to new heights.

As the soldiers in charge of protecting the main northern road leading to the Beginning Village, several houses in the surrounding area had been fixed up, cleaned, and possessed all kinds of comforts. Soon, Nangong Lingxin and Nangong Yi were led by two different soldiers; one male and one female, to the baths. They were also offered military clothing to wear temporarily. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Meanwhile, Cai Jingyi took the military radio and quickly communicated with the central base in the village. She asked someone to pass the call to Shangguan Bing Xue, and when she finally got through, she began to explain the situation they were in and the story told by Nangong Yi.

After she finished explaining everything, Cai Jingyi stood silently waiting for an answer. Even after half a minute, she received none. But she waited patiently, and several seconds later, Shangguan Bing Xue's characteristic indifferent voice reached her.

"I understand. Since Bai Zemin is currently busy, I will personally go."

Before Cai Jingyi could say anything else, the communication was cut off directly... She stared at the radio in her hand not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

...

Thirty minutes later, Nangong Lingxin and Nangong Yi returned to the living room where Cai Jingyi and Kang Lan were calmly drinking a cup of tea while chatting casually. This was a rare time when the two young women had a moment to rest so naturally they made the most of it as they were usually hunting zombies and searching for supplies in the surrounding area.

Nangong Yi was quite burly, similar to Zhong De but naturally more mature; the age difference between the two was enough for one to be the father of the other after all. In his military uniform, he looked extremely brave, like a true soldier.

As for Nangong Lingxin, she naturally attracted most of the attention when she appeared in the room.

"This uniform is a bit tight..." She couldn't help but grimace slightly.

Cai Jingyi looked at Nangong Lingxin's breasts and the corner of her mouth twitched a couple of times. Compared to her B cup breasts, Nangong Lingxin looked as if she had two mountains instead of breasts so the improvised female miltiary uniform looked extremely tight in that area and looked like it was going to explode at any moment.

But the chest area was not the only thing that stood out about Nangong Lingxin. Her flowing black hair fell down to the middle of her back like a waterfall while an elegant aura surrounded her, the tight military uniform outlined the shape of her legs, the curve of her waist together with her butt was especially tempting; combined with her lifted bosom they formed a perfect S shape.

A soldier swallowed saliva at the sight of her and quickly looked away in fright. The current Nangong Lingxin belonged to Royalty just like him, but the difference in real status was huge and he was very clear about it. Therefore, better to be cautious than to regret it later.

"Please sit down, both of you." Cai Jingyi smiled slightly and pointed to the seat in front of her. "A person with high authority will be arriving soon. We'll have to wait until then to see what to do next."

Nangong Lingxin and Nangong Yi nodded and calmly sat down. After learning that their father was taken to a room, they both relaxed and were soon handed a cup of tea along with a saucer of snacks which they both ate with great relish after having eaten almost nothing for two days.

Ten minutes after the arrival of the Nangong siblings, the door to the living room was opened. A soldier held the door that way and stood to the side with a respectful and slightly reverent expression as he allowed the person behind him to enter the room.

Nangong Lingxin couldn't help but gasp slightly at the sight of the woman who entered the room. She knew that she was a beauty; regardless of whether it was during middle school, high school, college, or when she entered the working world, she was always the spotlight. However, even someone proud of her physical appearance like her had to admit defeat to the young woman who was two or three years younger than her.

Even Nangong Yi, who was already entering his 40s could not help but be surprised.

Is this the person in authority? He thought silently. He never expected that the person in charge would actually be a young woman around 22 or 23 years old, let alone expected her to be a fairy-like beauty.

The current Shangguan Bing Xue wore a sky blue leather armor that shimmered and faintly reflected the sun's rays coming through the window glass. Her long silver hair danced softly with every step she took in beautiful tune with the sound of her delicate feet touching the floor. Her body was perfection to say the least, with nothing to exaggerate but definitely nothing lacking.

If Nangong Lingxin had the body of a seductive woman, then Shangguan Bing Xue had the body of a seductive ice fairy. Her cold and indifferent expression together with the frozen atmosphere surrounding her and her armor created a sharp contrast with her body that appeared to be as hot as flames.

After Bai Zemin finished forging Shangguan Bing Xue's equipment, he handed it over to Liu Ning and asked her to hand it over for him. Therefore, she at this time wore a completely new set of equipment.

Her soft hand free of imperfections gently caressed the deep handle of the slim sword hanging from her small waist and as she glanced at the people in the room. Her cold eyes automatically stopped on Nangong Lingxin and Nangong Yi, causing both siblings to unconsciously straighten up in their seats.

Shangguan Bing Xue was never one to beat around the bush. After taking a seat, a soldier handed her a cup of tea. She took a sip and gently set it down on the table before calmly saying:

"Cai Jingyi already explained your situation to me. First of all, welcome to the group. A person will explain the rules to you, rules that you must follow in their entirety and absolutely to the letter to avoid being expelled or punished. If you have any questions, you can look for someone with more authority than you. Are we good so far?"

The two siblings snapped out of their surprise and after looking at each other for a moment looked back at Shangguan Bing Xue and nodded with serious expressions.

"As long as the rules are fair, you don't need to worry about any of that." Nangong Yi declared in a deep voice.

Shangguan Bing Xue ignored his words directly and instead came to the topic at hand, "About that camp. Tell me everything you know. From the number of armed men and the type of equipment to the division of powers and evolvers... The more the better."

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3