Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The thoughts in the minds of each person present were varied but at the same time similar. Weird, but if one were to put oneself in the shoes of these people, one would realize that it was extremely understandable.

It was true. There was no doubt that a new social system was urgently needed. If they did not handle this matter correctly in the initial stages, when it was still early and the faction was still a little baby in its first steps, then it would be extremely difficult to solve the problems later when everything was developed and on track.

In a sense it was similar to a tree; if it was not straightened when it was still in the development and growth stage, straightening it when its trunk was already firm would be practically impossible.

The problem was that everyone here had their own selfish thoughts. This was natural, after all, every human being and every mind was a completely different infinite world.

What position will I occupy in the new social pyramid? What benefits will I receive? Will I still be able to enjoy the same privileges? Will I lose something in the process? Will my rights be less than they are now? Questions such as these flickered in the minds of almost everyone like a disorderly whirlwind that threatened to crush their brains due to stress.

As if that wasn't enough, there were other concerns present as well.

"Aren't you afraid that the other survivors will rise up against you?" Wu Yijun finally asked what many were worried about.

If Bai Zemin had said that he wanted to be the new president and the highest authority of the army after establishing a new China, then everything would be fine. He and his feats would be glorified in the history books and he would even live for all eternity as a hero; the hero who saved the country and unified it once again.

However, Bai Zemin aimed to be a king.

A president and a king were similar from a certain point of view, so there should not be much of a problem even though they were two different words. The kings of old times were not all-powerful either; they also needed to listen to their ministers and advisors or the nobility, just like the president of a nation.

So why was it problematic to be a king? The reason was simple.

For a king to be born, a dynasty needed to be founded.

A dynasty meant that all the power of the country that became a dynasty would pass into the hands of the royal family. The citizens would no longer have any right to choose their rulers and the king of each generation would always be the crown prince of the founding family.

Bai Zemin responded indifferently: "Fear? What am I afraid of? People who dare not fight zombies? Or should I fear those who are weaker than me? Even if an army appears before me it can only succumb to my fists!"

Hearing his reply and the extremely confident tone that exuded even a tinge of arrogance, the people in the room were surprised. Although Bai Zemin's voice was indifferent, the faint murderous intent released by his words made everyone feel their hair stand on end.

Bai Zemin was already prepared for anything. During the past seven days, when he occasionally took a few minutes to rest, he and Lilith would chat about the course to follow. After thinking countless times and developing myriad scenarios in his mind, he finally decided to set up a dynasty that would later transform into a faction. A place where his word was worth more than the word of God.

Hearing the conviction in his voice, Wu Yijun did not ask any more questions and instead began to think carefully about what to do next. She had realized that it would do no good to try to persuade him of the contrary. After staying for about a month with him, she knew that he was a person whose mentality was difficult to change when he had already made up his mind.

He looked at everyone present and announced, "I will not force anyone to be a part of this. I am sure you are all aware of how dangerous the path to achieving my ideals will be. If any of you are unhappy with my way of thinking or believe that my thoughts are illogical, you are free to leave the camp. To those of you who decide to leave, I can give you a week's rations as a token of gratitude for your work so far."

Some people began to mumble among themselves and several hesitated. Except for Fu Qigang who had already made clear his position of following Bai Zemin, the rest had yet to make their thoughts on the matter clear.

Achieving what Bai Zemin wanted was risky, no doubt about that. If they failed, then they would all be slaughtered and even the families they had started to build gradually would be crushed. This danger was further intensified if the government managed to make a comeback.

However... Humans were greedy beings by nature.

"Damn it!" Xiao Ming slammed the table noisily and stood up. His eyes burned with fervor like two bright flames as he said, "Go big or go home! Lead- No, King! I am in!"

Xiao Ming had witnessed how terrifying Bai Zemin was. With his monstrous might, it was not a dream to successfully achieve his goal. Then... Why not give it a try?

If Xiao Ming's bet went wrong, at worst he would just die and that was it.

In return, if he won; status, power, women, fame, wealth, luxuries, privileges of all kinds would be within his reach. As one of the first to join the absolute ruler, Xiao Ming, his family, and all his generations to come would enjoy unattainable glory! All thanks to his foresight and past bravery!

Fu Xuefeng scratched his head and stood up as he said somewhat embarrassed, "Well.... I guess I'm in too."

Cai Jingyi and Kang Lan looked at each other as if by prior agreement before standing up with slight smiles on their faces. Although they said nothing, the look in their eyes towards Bai Zemin was more than enough for anyone to understand that both women were following him.

Luo Ning jumped off Bai Zemin's lap after a bit of a struggle and said loudly, "Big brother Bai, I will help you become a king too! Then, you have to help me become a beautiful princess!"

Luo Ning looked at her blood big brother Luo Cheng and said with shining eyes: "Big brother, you will also help us right?"

Luo Cheng secretly sighed. To be honest, he didn't care if Bai Zemin wanted to be king or Jade Emperor, as long as he and his little sister could continue with their current lives it was enough. Therefore...

Luo Cheng stood up and calmly said, "I guess there is no choice. I'll have to help my little sister become a princess after all." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Hehe!" Luo Ning laughed and ran to him to hug him tightly.

Gradually, almost all the people in the room stood up with bright eyes. They all agreed to join Bai Zemin in his conquest to form a new total domain.

If they left now, considering how cruel the outside world was, their lives would be miserable to say the least. Even if they were given a week's worth of rations and survived that long, what would they do next? Roam the forests where beasts ran rampant? Go to the zombie-infested cities?

Since someone so powerful wanted to rule, then why not help him to pave the road to the top? That way, if they succeeded, they could enjoy endless eternal glory! Even in their graves they would be praised and worshipped by countless!

There were a few people who remained seated.

Bai Zemin looked at the beautiful woman beside him and calmly asked, "What about you?"

Shangguan Bing Xue raised her head and stared at him, apparently thinking of what to answer.

He did not press her further, he knew it was not an easy choice. Least of all for her, who came from a government or military family. If she decided to follow Bai Zemin, it would be the same as betraying not only the country, but also her family and her ancestors.

Still, Bai Zemin hoped that she did accept. After so much, he was slowly beginning to see her as a good battle partner and even came to think that being her friend was not an impossibility. But if she wished to leave, then he would not force her to stay even though he had the strength and means to do that.

Finally, as if she had made up her mind, she spoke with absolute calm: "Before I decide what to do, I have 1 question, 2 requests, and 1 condition. It will be up to you from here."

"Oh?" Bai Zemin's eyes glittered slightly, clearly surprised. To be honest, he wasn't too optimistic and was already prepared to lose an important and powerful fighter.

"Tell me what you think." He nodded without hesitation.

"I'll start with a question then. In case I decide to join in your conquest, what will be my position?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked as she looked into his eyes. Her bright sky blue eyes were so piercing that they seemed to be able to see into his very soul, as if she wanted to see his truths and his lies.

Bai Zemin chuckled and shook his head. This was an easier question to answer than he had originally expected.

"With your intelligence and personal strength, I had planned to confer upon you the position of High Nobility and the only Arch Duchess in that. Only under the king but above myriads."

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded indifferently and continued, "My condition is that, if I decide to join you in your conquests, if at any time I deem you have gone mad for power, let me go along with those I consider important."

"You..." Bai Zemin this time was so surprised that his eyes widened in amazement.

What Shangguan Bing Xue had just said was not as simple as it sounded; she was implying many things.

For example, she had basically accepted that it would be practically impossible for her to ever get over him and that was why she wanted his word. For an incredibly proud and arrogant woman like her to say such a thing, one had to imagine how difficult it was...

But what shocked Bai Zemin the most was something else.

"Aren't you afraid I'll go against my word?" he asked in confusion. "I mean, if at some point I go mad for power, why would I let you go? Wouldn't it be more logical to do everything possible, and even forcefully use all means possible to force you to obey me?"

Surprisingly, Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head softly and closed her eyes for a moment before staring at him again, "Although there are many things about you that I might not like, at least I know that you are a trustworthy man... To this day, no matter how difficult the situation was or how hard the circumstances were, you not only saved everyone you were able to save by putting your life in danger, but you have also kept your promises to the letter... Therefore, at the very least, I can say that I trust your word."

Unaffected and unconcerned by the various reactions of different people and ignoring a particular glance of jealousy, Bai Zemin looked at the woman sitting to his right for a long time. No one knew what he was thinking.

After what seemed like an eternity, he said in a serious voice: "I promise. If at any time my actions make you think I have gone mad, you and your loved ones can leave at will. But you need not worry about that, my head is firmly on my shoulders and my feet firmly planted on the earth."

Shangguan Bing Xue shook her head and ignored Bai Zemin's last words.Whether he managed to resist the temptation of power or not remained to be seen.? Although he had so far maintained his sanity and personality without getting carried away, Shangguan Bing Xue had seen many people who after gaining power changed completely.