Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The doors that separated the inner part of the hall from the outer part that led to the rest of the villa were firmly closed. The maids who occasionally passed through the hallway glanced once or twice curiously at the double wooden door and wondered what was happening inside.

All the maids who were in charge of keeping this villa in order had seen how a few minutes ago a group of people came out from inside the room with heads down and dead expressions on their faces as if their parents had died. Even if they didn't know what was going on inside they could at least judge that this group of people would probably have a bad life from now on if they made someone with real power angry.

...

Inside the hall, practically everyone was silent as they looked at the young man sitting in the main seat.

Some were afraid, others looked at him with respect, others looked at him with caution. But no matter what stares he received, the young man simply remained seated with an impassive expression on his face.

The melodious voice of a beautiful woman was the only sound that could be heard and everyone was listening to every word that came out of the woman's mouth. None dared to interrupt in any way.

"That would be all..." Nangong Lingxin finished and held her breath as she looked at the young man who had his head slightly down at the moment.

Bai Zemin nodded to himself after listening to Nangong Lingxin and was silent as he pondered.

Nangong Yi and Nangong Lingxin had just openly stated their skills and levels so that Bai Zemin could get an idea of how powerful they were and what kind of value they would have to receive. The Nangong siblings knew that in case they decided to join Bai Zemin for real, the more powerful they were the greater their value would be and the better their living conditions would be.

Bai Zemin was secretly surprised.

Nangong Yi with his First Order Barbarian Strength skill was able to raise his Strength stat far beyond what Zhong De could do even though they were both of the same level. Of course, Zhong De had a different set of skills and would not necessarily lose against Nangong Yi in a death fight. But if it came down to pure Strength, Nangong Yi was undoubtedly superior by a wide margin.

But what surprised Bai Zemin the most was Nangong Lingxin's skill.

As time passed, the drop of skill scrolls began to gradually decrease. In the past, even a normal zombie could drop skill scrolls and could even drop treasures if one was lucky. But at present, normal zombies dropped practically nothing after killing them.

The First Order Energy Barrier skill that Nangong Lingxin possessed was undoubtedly an extremely rare skill and its chances of dropping after defeating an enemy should be very low. The reason why Bai Zemin was certain of this was because although his group had obtained several skills so far during the hunting times, neither he nor anyone else had seen or heard of such a skill until now.

What Bai Zemin estimated was that First Order Energy Barrier and First Order Lesser Healing should be skills with extremely low drop probabilities. Although not as rare as his Blood Manipulation or Shangguan Bing Xue's Ice Maker skill, they were definitely superior skills.

"I see..." He finally nodded and looked at Nangong Lingxin with glittering eyes. "To be honest, your skill has caught my attention. If you decide to join me, I can assure you a good position in the social pyramid."

Nangong Lingxin's eyes sparkled slightly as she heard his words. She wanted to live as well as possible in this chaotic new world and give her family a more secure and dignified life.

"Of course, you are welcome to join us too." Bai Zemin did not forget to nod towards Nangong Yi as well.

Although he didn't care much about Nangong Yi's skill since what Bai Zemin appreciated more were rare skills with different purposes other than strength and combat, still he would be a great asset to his group.

Seeing Nangong Yi nod, Bai Zemin chuckled and stood up as he said, "Now... You two wanted to know how strong I am, right?"

The two siblings looked at each other before looking at Bai Zemin and nodding with serious expressions. Before making such an important decision they wanted to be sure that the person they were going to follow had the qualifications to make them risk everything. Otherwise, they could only join the group as Low Citizens without working or Normal Citizens working as mercenaries or similar.

Just as Bai Zemin was about to say something, Fu Xuefeng, who had left several minutes ago, returned and opened the door with a bang.

"What's happening?" Bai Zemin asked with a slight frown as he saw the young man's somewhat anxious face.

"An armed group suddenly appeared in the north and they are fighting our soldiers right now!" Fu Xuefeng gritted his teeth and said anxiously, "According to the report from the head in charge of that squad, two people with extremely powerful skills appeared! One of them is immune to heavy caliber bullets and they are unleashing a massacre at this point!"

Everyone's face changed when they heard this.

"That dog! He must have come to look for that little bitch surnamed Kang that I killed the other day!" Xiao Ming, who had been promoted after the events that happened several days ago, stood up angrily and looked ready to go to war.

Although he had been promoted to a better position as he had currently become an evolver and had been given two skills and a set of armor and sword, he still remembered his brothers in arms. Knowing that they were being attacked and slaughtered, he would naturally be enraged!

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at Bai Zemin curiously as she wondered what was he going to do now.

Bai Zemin's eyes flashed chillingly and he calmly said, "What a coincidence... Just as I was about to go looking for them they showed up at our door."

He looked at the two Nangong siblings and casually ordered, "Follow me to the north."

Leaving those words behind, they all felt the wind whistling softly and a gust of air blew over everyone. When they opened their eyes again, they were surprised to find that Bai Zemin had disappeared and was nowhere to be found.

Everyone sucked in a breath of cold air as Nangong Yi turned pale.

"That speed..." Nangong Lingxin wasn't much better off than her brother at this point. She realized that with Bai Zemin's speed, she wouldn't even have time to activate her Energy Barrier skill before he could take her life!

"How many points of Agility does he have...?"

"If we don't hurry you two will be too late to see anything." Shangguan Bing Xue stood up. Her graceful body swayed gently and left several residual images as she disappeared from everyone's sight as well.

Chen He, Wu Yijun, Nangong Lingxin, Nangong Yi, Fu Xuefeng, Xiao Ming, Cai Jingyi, Kang Lan, and all those who had evolved regardless of their levels ran at full speed towards the north; even little Luo Ning was no exception as she took advantage of the turmoil of the moment to mingle with the adults.

Those who were fast disappeared in a few breaths while most could only get into a vehicle and put their foot on the pedal hard.

The normal survivors did not even manage to see the shadow of those who had a high level.

...

Even without activating Lightning Movement, Bai Zemin's Agility was high enough to sprint at several hundred kilometers per hour. The distance of twenty to thirty kilometers between the village and the street where the soldiers were stationed was nothing for someone like him.

Of course, this was so because the entire road was clear and the zombies and wild animals had already been cleared in their entirety. If there were enemies, then Bai Zemin could not simply run wild. Besides, running at full speed consumed Stamina at speeds too high to continue this kind of race for too long.

In a matter of seconds, Bai Zemin approached the battle zone.

The first thing he felt were the practically uninterrupted blasts fired by the guns. In his line of sight occasionally flashed golden glows and on top of the rooftops, some snipers who were positioned were firing when they found the opportunity.

The closer he got, the thicker the smell of blood became and his nostrils soon filled with the characteristic iron smell of the blood. Even so, his expression remained indifferent and his eyes did not change in the slightest. To him, who had not only killed hundreds of thousands of enemies and had been saving and playing with their blood for a month, the smell of blood was as natural as drinking water.

Although he knew that several of his soldiers had died and were still dying, his heart did not flutter in any way. The only emotion Bai Zemin felt was anger.

This anger was not born out of his pity for them or grief at their deaths; his anger was born out of the fact that a group of filthy dogs were weakening what he had and still worked so hard to form!

Arriving at a particularly tall building, Bai Zemin paused for a split second before lightly stomping the ground beneath his feet, rising several meters in the blink of an eye like a shadow.

As if he were a supercomputer, Bai Zemin's eyes moved at astonishing speeds as he scanned his surroundings and in less than five seconds he had already managed to capture the location of most of the enemies.

* * * * * * * 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3