Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A number of vehicles had stopped between several streets in a disorderly manner. The people inside clearly got out in a hurry as they didn't even bother to look where they were stopping and there was one of them that even slammed hard into a building on the side of the road.

Gun muzzles roared ferociously as they fired a seemingly endless storm of bullets. The bullets hit the walls of the houses and left small holes while some higher caliber bullets left large holes, dislodging parts of the walls bit by bit as gravel flew everywhere.

This place was generally silent and except for the appearance of the odd zombie staggering and walking slowly around aimlessly or some weaker wild animals, a squad of about twenty men rested quietly here.

However, after an enemy group appeared a few days ago, the forces guarding this part of the border had been considerably reinforced to protect against possible retaliation in case an enemy group appeared.

After all, the son of a leader of a large camp of survivors and several powerful men had been killed here.

Therefore, a group of one hundred men was stationed in this position along with ten vehicles with mounted heavy weapons. In addition, each soldier had a total of 200 rounds of ammunition, 1 grenade, and the support of five Type 53 heavy machine guns with several strips of ammunition.

With approximately 40% of the Beginning Village's armed forces stationed here and plenty of weapons, these men believed that even if a large armed group appeared they could hold out for a good while until reinforcements from the central base caught up.

However, when the enemy group appeared, the defending soldiers realized that their thoughts were too naive.

The other side had more than sixty men armed with Type 51 rifles and other types of weapons used by the Liberal Army many years before. Even if one set aside the fact that the defenders had an innate advantage since they were stationed in privileged positions, regardless of whether it was in quality of weaponry, quantity of ammunition, or number of armed men; the defending side had the absolute advantage.

The temporary leader of the squadron in charge of protecting the main road heading north knew that an enemy group could appear at any moment. Therefore, when he noticed a large caravan of vehicles approaching from a distance raising a cloud of dust, he did not even hesitate when he ordered to fire.

At first, taking advantage of the first-strike advantage as well as their positions, the defending side had the upper hand and killed approximately five or six men from the opposing side who were unlucky and even managed to turn an enemy vehicle into a fiery fireball that exploded noisily.

However, the appearance of two people with surprisingly powerful skills changed everything.

* * *

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The sound of gunfire shattered the tranquility in its totality. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

The two sides collided in a heated clash of fire and metal. In the midst of such chaos, regardless of whether one was an expert or not, a single mistake or a bit of bad luck would be more than enough to make an entire life disappear in the blink of an eye.

War was cruel precisely because one did not know if one would come out of it alive.

The number of wounded and deaths accumulated little by little for both sides and blood began to stain the earth once again. The groans and screams of pain seemed to fight against the sound of the muzzles of the guns that were firing intermittently while the military dressed men belonging to the Beginning Village and the police dressed men of the enemy side fell to the ground with bullet wounds in different parts of their bodies.

Inside a small apartment, a group of five people in police clothing used the walls as cover and occasionally leaned out of the windows to shoot back at the other side.

"Boss Wang! If we don't do something soon we'll be surrounded by the enemy!" A police officer shouted anxiously as he gritted his teeth and fired very carefully as if he was afraid of wasting one extra bullet.

"Dai Yun, what do you think?" A tall and burly man over two meters tower-like in height whose skin was completely black inquired. His expression was calm even in the midst of all the shooting as if none of this had anything to do with him. His eyes were small and his nose was a little sunken inward which gave him a bit of an awkward appearance. But the pride and confidence in his voice was such that one would think he was the ruler of the world.

"Considering this is the shortest way to get to the south and judging from the last transmission Kang Hong sent, he and his group definitely had to pass this area." A beautiful woman with an extremely hot body replied. Although her body was extremely seductive, her eyes looked like two caves of chilling ice as anyone who met her gaze hurriedly looked away.

These two people were named Wang Zedong and Dai Yin; they were the two strongest of the four most powerful evolvers under the command of Kang Rong, one of the leaders of the survivors' camp from which the two Nangong siblings had fled.

Wang Zedong was silent before a sneer appeared on his face: "That guy Kang Hong chased that little kitty Nangong Lingxin all the way here but probably ended up dying hahaha. Why else would we not get news?"

He didn't seem worried about teasing his boss's son and didn't seem to care about his death either.

Dai Yun said indifferently, "Even if that little brat is dead we will have to kill all these soldiers. If we come back empty-handed, that fat pig with the surname Kang will start cursing and our pay might go down."

"Well, whatever." Wang Zedong stretched his body causing several crackles similar to small explosions to echo throughout. "Turns out I need to blow some heads off. After fighting that First Order bull things have been boring as fuck."

Wang Zedong grunted noisily as he activated his skill.

His body began to grow in size until he was six feet tall, his muscles swelled and his clothes broke out in shreds of cloth. On his skin, small but terrifying spiky scales with a metallic glint began to grow until even his face no longer looked human. The previously round pupils of his eyes elongated into a snake-like fringe while a pair of sharp claws grew on his hands. A robust two-meter long metallic tail appeared behind him and shook gently in the air.

"Hahahaha! The feeling of power I get when I use my Second Order Dragon Transformation skill is really the best!" Wang Zedong laughed out loud as he looked up at the ceiling.

Some bullets pierced through the broken windows and hit his body but simply bounced off and fell to the ground making light clinking sounds as they fell. Wang Zedong looked indifferent, as if he hadn't even felt the bullets that hit him.

"Dai Yun! If I kill more than you you'll have to let me fuck you tonight! Hahaha!" with an arrogant laugh, Wang Zedong stomped on the ground and shot out like a torpedo towards the outside.

Bang!

The concrete wall was crushed as if a battle tank had smashed through it and the armed police officers inside were riddled with bullets after losing the cover they depended on.

"Dream on, you fucking scum." Dai Yun's eyes flashed coldly. She moved her feet strangely as if she was dancing but surprisingly, the bullets that were about to hit her only missed her by small margins of error. If one looked carefully one would see that her dark eyes had a small golden light in them.

The next instant, she became a gust of wind and shot forward, dodging the enemy bullets as if she knew where they were going to hit beforehand.

Inside a half-collapsed building, a soldier in military uniform pulled the trigger of his light machine gun viciously. His eyes seemed to have turned red in blood as he saw some of his allies fall in pools of blood.

Suddenly, the man seemed to see something out of the corner of his eye and soon felt a slight pain in his neck. However, before he could react, the next thing he saw was a decapitated body with dark red blood spurting from the neck like a fountain and his only thought was, "...Isn't that my body?" before his mind fell into deep darkness.

Wang Zedong appeared beside the corpse with a ferocious grin on his monstrous face, scaring the other soldiers who were also inside the broken building.

"B- Beast!"

"Kill him!"

...

The five or so soldiers went into a frenzy and began firing at the intruder with frightened expressions. None of them knew how this human monster had appeared here!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The bullets hit Wang Zedong's scaly body which had turned into a beast creating loud sounds of metal hitting metal before falling to the ground. He simply stood there as a big smile that grew bigger and bigger was forming on his face.

The soldiers began to despair and after several seconds of continuous fire the magazines of their weapons were completely emptied. Four of them backed away in fear and turned to flee.

"Hey, hey! If you run it's no fun!" They heard a rough, growling voice followed by a bang.

Wang Zedong swung his long tail like a limb and struck the four soldiers in the torso, causing their bodies to explode into chunks of flesh. Dark blood stained the floor and walls as red flesh splattered everywhere along with chunks of broken bones and severed limbs.

The building fell silent as the one living soldier shivered all over. The man was so scared that he even stopped hearing the sound of the battle raging outside and his eyes were fixed on the monster in front of him.

"Hehehehe... What's wrong, did the dragon eat your tongue? Hahaha!" Wang Zedong laughed out loud before swinging his right claw diagonally and tearing the soldier's body into several pieces even before he could scream in pain.

Like a prehistoric beast out of a nightmare, Wang Zedong kicked the wall of the half-demolished building and walked out with slow steps. While licking his lips, a wild, arrogant look shone in his reptilian eyes as surveyed the battlefield with a bestial expression as the bullets bounced off without even leaving marks each time they hit his hulking body.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3