Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

"Damn monster!"

"Lao Jiang! Beast! I'll kill you!"

...

Seeing their teammates falling one after the other like flies helplessly in the face of the terrifying claws of the monster-like human beast, the soldiers shouted and fired with even more fervor. However, all the bullets just bounced off as they connected with the hard metal scales covering the body of the strange creature.

It didn't matter if it was light machine gun, rifle, sniper, none of these firearms had the slightest effectiveness against the enemy. Even the powerful bullets of the Type 53 heavy machine guns that were capable of destroying a military vehicle in a matter of seconds seemed to have little effect against the enemy before them.

Little by little, the desperation began to accumulate to the point where many men were beginning to hesitate and the thought of fleeing began to grow in their hearts. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Moreover, as a consequence of concentrating most of the firepower on the humanoid beast, the enemy party that was being suppressed by military weaponry seized the opportunity immediately without letting it pass them by.

"Ah!"

"Ugh..."

"Damn!!!"

...

Groans of pain, piercing screams, and curses echoed across the hellish battlefield.

The men dressed as police officers took advantage of the fact that Wang Zedong was attracting most of the attention to come out of cover and began firing like wild beasts at their enemies. Many men dressed in military uniforms fell to the ground with different kinds of wounds while those who were more unfortunate fell down never to get up again.

"Grraaa! Hahahaha!" Wang Zedong laughed loudly and roared as if he were a cruel and bloodthirsty beast as he swung his claws from left to right. Every time his sharp, hard claws slashed the air, the bodies of his enemies were torn into a pile of minced flesh.

His entire body was covered in blood and flesh, giving him an extremely terrifying appearance. Pieces of human flesh were stuck between his claws while several fragments of shattered bones could be seen on his shiny scales.

Low caliber bullets and normal bullets could do nothing against Wang Zedong under the activation of his Second Order Dragon Transformation skill and although the high caliber bullets from the Type 53 machine guns caused him some physical pain, that pain only served to stimulate his fierceness to new heights.

For every second that passed he became more and more ferocious as he raced across the battlefield like an unstoppable dinosaur, destroying buildings that got in his way and burying soldiers inside or simply crushing his enemies with his superior physical body.

Meanwhile, Dai Yun was not too far behind Wang Zedong in terms of massacre either.

While her ferocity was not as terrifying as Wang Zedong's in his dragon form, every time Dai Yun's seductive and extremely hot body swayed, her enemies could only despair. Every movement of her flexible waist made her look like a slippery female water snake and no matter how much they shot at her, the bullets miraculously passed just millimeters away from her body.

A group of soldiers in military uniform were standing behind an abandoned car. Their fingers were firmly planted on the trigger of their Type 79 submachine guns and Type 81 rifles unwilling to let them go as these weapons were their only source of confidence and security at the moment.

This group of over ten men had managed to eliminate a group of 12 enemy officers using their superior weaponry and after expending a total of four grenades and demolishing an entire building they finally buried their enemies in the heavy pile of rubble. They had not even lost a man on their side.

Just as the team was about to move to the next location to support their comrades in the squad, a shadow swooped down on them from the distant alley.

"Enemy!"

"Fire!"

The men shouted at the top of their lungs as they unleashed seemingly endless bursts of bullets. The muzzles of the guns seemed to have golden tongues constantly spitting fire and the bright sunlight bathing the metal of the barrels gave them an even more courageous and fierce appearance.

Dai Yun's dark eyes glowed with a faint golden light hard to notice unless one stared into her eyes for a while.

Her body swayed gently and her footsteps became strange. Sometimes she advanced, sometimes she backed away, sometimes she turned to the left and sometimes she turned to the right or crouched down and jumped. Her body seemed to be made of rubber but the most surprising thing was that except for some blood scratches caused by the piercing wind from the bullets passing within close range of her skin, not even one bullet managed to hit her accurately.

"Fucking bitch!" A soldier shouted in frustration and fright. He quickly put down his gun and brought his hand to his waist before pulling out a grenade.

"Go to hell!" The soldier shouted as he raised his hand high in the sky and gathered strength in his arm to throw the grenade in the direction of the enemy.

Dai Yun's beautiful face remained impassive as she dodged the bullets and rushed forward. When she saw a soldier raise his hand, the sun's glare shone on the grenade and Dai Yun's eyes flashed coldly. Her right hand turned into a shadow as she threw a needle made of bone that flew through the air at shockingly high speeds.

The mutant beast bone needle pierced the wrist of the soldier who carelessly and out of pain loosened his grip on the grenade he was holding. By the time he and his comrades realized what was happening, it was too late.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

...

With the explosion of the grenade, the grenades of those nearby also exploded and these in turn exploded the rest of the grenades. With about eight grenades detonating at almost the same time, the bodies of the men dressed in military uniform were mutilated into countless pieces.

The smell of burning flesh and hot blood hit the ground and bathed the walls of the roadside houses with bone fragments scattered everywhere. The sight was incredibly horrifying to see, but Dai Yun's expression did not change.

After wiping out about a dozen soldiers with a single hit, Dai Yun turned the corner and moved elsewhere. Her speed was not surprisingly fast for evolvers, but for normal soldiers she was like a ghost that appeared and disappeared.

In just five minutes, sixty of the hundred or so soldiers stationed in this position had been killed or suffered a variety of wounds while the other side had only lost about twenty men and still had about forty more. Even with numerical advantage and superior weaponry, the defenders were unable to oppose two high-level evolved humans like Wang Zedong and Dai Yun cooperating.

The area was in total chaos. Blood had begun to slowly accumulate in different parts in the form of large red puddles. Flesh and limbs as well as the torn bodies of soldiers were everywhere and many men finally could not take it anymore as they turned to flee.

However, none of these deserters managed to escape.

"Grraa! Hahahaha!"

"Argh!"

"HAHAHAHAHA!"

"N-No!"

Wang Zedong was like an unstoppable beast. Every swish of his claws sent the heads of his enemies flying through the air and every swing of his tail crushed their bodies making them explode into a pile of meat paste. He bathed in the blood of his enemies and looked extremely arrogant and self-confident.

Wang Zedong looked at the last line of defense and a fierce smile appeared on his mouth. There, vehicles mounted with guns and Type 53 heavy machine guns were firing in his direction while the faces of the terrified soldiers were reflected in his reptilian pupils.

After we finish with this scum we should retreat. Wang Zedong thought to himself.

Although he was arrogant, he was not stupid Wang Zedong knew that he could not continue advancing since at this rate, when they encountered the main army of the other party, even he would be forced to flee. Therefore, he decided that after finishing with these troops he would order a retreat and report the situation to the main camp.

In addition, the pain of being hit by the high-caliber bullets had begun to accumulate and was becoming a bit unbearable even for someone like him.

Of course, Wang Zedong did not know that in reality, the platoon stationed here was practically all the other side had as far as armed men were concerned. After all, Zhong De had taken a large number of armed men to protect the southern area and the rest of the soldiers were searching for survivors, supplies, and hunting zombies.

Just as Wang Zedong was about to rush forward and wipe out the rest of the enemy resistance, he saw a young man dressed in sports clothes coming toward him. This young man could be considered somewhat handsome. His hair was as black as ink and some strands of hair covered part of his eyes so it was hard to tell what kind of expression he had on his face.

The dress and the calmness with which the young stranger walked through the rain of bullets with his right hand in his pants pocket was so out of place that for a moment the entire battlefield seemed to fall silent.

Wang Zedong's senses went on high alert and he unconsciously increased his guard.

"Who are you?" he asked in a deep voice as he narrowed his eyes and leaned his body forward like a tiger about to pounce on its prey.

The young man seemed to mock him or simply did not hear his words as he continued to walk in his direction calmly. This infuriated Wang Zedong and his bestial face practically distorted with anger.

In the past, Wang Zedong was a criminal who was doomed to spend the rest of his life in prison after committing countless crimes and cruelties against innocents. However, when the apocalypse broke out, police station chief Kang Rong released him after placing several sensor bombs in his body. If Wang Zedong tried to force these bombs out, they would explode immediately and turn him into a pile of mincemeat so he eventually ended up working for Kang Rong.

Wang Zedong was fierce by nature, so after crushing several zombies and other high-level creatures, he was lucky to find a skill called First Order Scaly Lizard. After evolving this skill to Second Order, Wang Zedong's power jumped tremendously and although his skill could no longer grow any further, his power was enough to allow him to sweep away everything in his path.

Although he did not like being anyone's dog, Wang Zedong was satisfied with his current life. With his strength, even Kang Rong respected him and would occasionally present him with a beauty or two as a gift for his pleasure. This only helped to raise Wang Zedong's confidence and arrogance to new heights.

In the past, Wang Zedong had killed a young man only because he did not like the way the man looked at him. Now that the young man in front of him was ignoring him, his anger finally clouded his thoughts.

"Die!" With a beast-like roar, he stomped the ground beneath his feet leaving a deep footprint that soon spread into cracks as his body shot forward like a torpedo.

Wang Zedong's stats had received an abysmal boost after activating his Second Order Dragon Transformation skill. His Agility was so high and his Strength so terrifying that when working together, his explosive movement speed had reached a level where he seemed to teleport for others.

Just as Wang Zedong had arrived in front of the young man, the golden light in Dai Yun's eyes glowed again and her pupils contracted to the size of a needle.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3