Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

After activating his Second Order Dragon Transformation skill, all of Wang Zedong's overall stats increased tremendously. As for his Agility, it had surprisingly reached 190 points. With such Agility, Wang Zedong's overall movement speed was approximately 19 times the speed of a human in good condition before the apocalypse and the intervention of the Soul Record.

Making use of all his Agility and 220 points of Strength to gain momentary momentum, Wang Zedong had reached such a high level of speed that the distance between him and Bai Zemin was closed in less than the blink of an eye. To anyone watching, Wang Zedong seemed to have simply teleported back and forth magically.

When Wang Zedong arrived in front of the arrogant young man and noticed that he still did not seem to have noticed or simply did not seem able to react to his astonishing speed, a cold smile appeared on his beastly mouth.

He raised his right claw high into the sky and the shining sun reflected on it for a moment before he brought it viciously downward.

The wind was cut to shreds and even before it reached its target the ground had begun to crack from the immense pressure the blow carried.

Boom!!! 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

A thunderous explosion shook everyone's eardrums and those soldiers who were ten meters away felt as if a bomb had exploded right inside their heads while the world around them seemed to turn white for a moment as their bodies were sent flying by the shockwave caused by the blow and coughed up a mouthful of fresh blood before fainting.

Just the aftershock of Wang Zedong's attack without holding back in the slightest had sent five grown men out of combat. This alone was enough to demonstrate just how horrific his power was.

The concrete street split; gravel flew everywhere along with large pieces of broken cement while cracks spread everywhere. Everyone's view was blocked by a big cloud of giant dust that rose more than two meters high, half covering the giant body of Wang Zedong who seemed to have ceased to be human.

However, the arrogant laughter expected by the soldiers who saw the beast man as the representation of the God of Death did not happen. In fact, Wang Zedong's eyes widened as a glint of disbelief flashed in his previously angry, confident, and arrogant gaze.

Just now, Wang Zedong expected his enemy's body to turn into a pile of bloody pulp. With the level of power he had unleashed just now, forget about a normal human or an evolver; even an armored car would be smashed to pieces!

However, Wang Zedong could feel his arms almost half a meter in diameter hitting something hard as if he was a normal person hitting a steel beam before the apocalypse.

It's no good! Such a thought flashed in the mind of the arrogant man who was previously slaughtering left and right with pride.

"Idiot! Watch out!" Dai Yun shouted anxiously as she suddenly snapped out of her stupor.

Dai Yun's active skill Second Order 'Third Eye' was simple and had only one function: it allowed her to feel what was going to happen 0.2 seconds before it happened. It was different from seeing the future, as it was just a feeling that depending on actions could be changed.

Thanks to this skill and her amazing analytical ability, Dai Yun could glimpse the best path and the best way to avoid danger and thus defy a hail of bullets as if she were taking a walk in the woods.

Just now, out of curiosity, Dai Yun activated her Third Eye skill and was terrified when she felt that not only did her ally fail miserably in crushing the mysterious young man; he was also completely overwhelmed! Dai Yun couldn't believe it and that was precisely why she froze for a moment. She knew how terrifyingly powerful Wang Zedong was, but the ease with which this young man in his early twenties defeated him made no sense at all!

If Wang Zedong previously felt that something was wrong, Dai Yun's shout confirmed his theory even more. In a hurry and as if he had received an electric shock, he withdrew his right arm and was about to jump back to put some distance between him and his enemy.

Unfortunately, it was already too late.

"What's wrong?" A voice cold as hell's demons came from inside the dust cloud that was slowly beginning to ascend.

Wang Zedong struggled and struggled but no matter how much he pulled back, his right arm seemed to have been caught by a pair of indestructible pincers that were unwilling to let him go!

"Let me go! Bast-"

BOOM!

Before Wang Zedong could finish speaking, an explosion that was about twice as powerful as the previous one thundered everywhere. As if dozens of grenades exploded together at the same time, everyone on the scene seemed to lose the ability to hear and the ears of those closest to them began to bleed.

A building twenty meters away shuddered violently as the shockwave hit it and threatened to collapse at any moment.

The dust cloud was sent flying all over the place in a disorderly manner and the defending soldiers and attacking enemies as well as Shangguan Bing Xue and those who were faster and had just arrived finally saw the situation.

Bai Zemin, just over six feet tall, had raised his left arm to block the previous attack and was now gripping Wang Zedong's right arm with his hand so tightly that some scales had been torn off. Moreover, at this moment, his right fist was in firm contact against the scaly abdomen of the approximately ten-foot-tall giant.

Wang Zedong's reptilian eyes had opened as wide as possible and the veins inside them that were filled with blood seemed about to burst with his eyes wanting to pop out of their sockets.

Finally, as the entire battlefield remained silent, Bai Zemin's cold voice reached everyone and spoke for the second time, "Why you don't roar like before? Em?"

Wang Zedong opened his mouth with great effort and seemed to want to say something. However, what came out of his mouth was not words.

"Puffff!!!" A large mouthful of fresh blood with fragments of broken organs fell to the ground like a torrential waterfall.

Under the astonished gaze of the soldiers and the men dressed as police officers, the ten-foot-plus giant fell heavily onto his knees. The scales of his abdomen broke into countless pieces that fell to the ground clearly unable to withstand the power behind the small fist of the human in front of him.

Standing approximately thirty meters away, Nangong Yi's and Nangong Lingxin's eyes glittered with disbelief as they watched the scene before them unfolding. Both were aware of how outrageously strong Wang Zedong was; he was the most powerful man under Kang Rong's command. However, such a beast who had slain a five-meter tall giant bull now lay on the ground kneeling as he kept coughing up blood mixed with broken organs.

"This..." Nangong Yi simply rubbed his eyes in shock.

"This is his strength? Does he have a skill that increases his physical condition? But if so why didn't his body change?" Nangong Lingxin muttered as her pretty hazel eyes widened with a hint of disbelief.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at her for a moment before looking at the young man who was looking at everyone indifferently, and said coldly, "Bai Zemin is just playing around. He didn't even activate a single skill. Just now, he simply relied on his Strength stat to strike."

The Nangong siblings sucked in a breath of cold air as the disbelief in their gazes only increased. Although they were unwilling to believe such a thing, if what Shangguan Bing Xue said was true, then the young man in front of them had long since left off being human!

Both of them had seen what Wang Zedong's Strength could do whenever he activated his Second Order Dragon Transformation skill. However, in front of the young man who was barely twenty years old and looked so normal that he couldn't look more normal, he couldn't even withstand a single hit!

This could not be considered a battle. This was total domination!

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3