Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

On one of the main roads in Rulin Subdistrict, a normal-looking jeep was traveling at a moderate speed. The sun's rays were quite strong considering that the day had just begun and the smell of fresh morning air was traveling everywhere thanks to the immensity of the forests that Yanqing District possessed.

Such a sight would be completely normal and no one would think anything was strange about it. However, anyone with a little perspicacity would notice several irregularities.

Being one of the main roads of a sub-district, it would be normal for many vehicles to travel the length and breadth of it and even some traffic congestion would be nothing unusual. However, the jeep was the only moving vehicle while many other ones had been moved to the side of the road to allow passage.

The sun's rays, while powerful, were far too faint considering that at this time of year this part of China was supposed to be enjoying a hot summer.

The smell of the cool morning air that was traveling everywhere actually had a slightly strange smell in it and if one were to appreciate it more carefully one would notice that the smell was actually the smell of blood.

Sitting in the passenger seat of the jeep, Bai Zemin had a casual look on his face as he looked out the window of the vehicle. Although he had the appearance of a bored person, his body was prepared for any kind of enemy attack because although the outside view was calm, in reality he knew that it was all fake; in this world, such a thing as calm was a luxury that could no longer be enjoyed in its entirety.

A day had passed since the Beginning Village had been attacked by Wang Zedong, Dai Yun, and several dozen armed men in police uniforms.

This morning, just as the first ray of light peeked over the horizon, this jeep set off in a northerly direction in search not only of simple revenge but also to eliminate future headaches as well as to swallow the other side's forces.

If anyone else could read Bai Zemin's thoughts they would probably scoff at him or perhaps think he was simply daydreaming.

Attacking a camp protected by hundreds of armed men and with about two hundred soul evolvers? Sure, no problem.

But... With a single normal-looking jeep? It was nothing more than a children's fantasy... No, even children wouldn't have such a fantasy, and only a mentally disordered person would.

Bai Zemin turned his face slightly to look to his side and then glanced at the rearview mirror.

Nangong Yi, a level 23 soul evolver with a powerful active First Order skill that made him basically immune to a large amount of bullets and granted him monstrous Strength was the driver at the moment.

In the back of the jeep, two gorgeous and charming women rode silently.

One of these women was Nangong Lingxin, a level 23 soul evolver with an active defensive barrier-type skill capable of blocking all kinds of attacks and with another skill that increased her Agility for a short period of time. She was currently sleeping since the night before she had not been able to rest well after everything that happened during the day.

As for the other woman; she was currently looking out the window at her side with her head replete with long silver hair resting gently against the glass. Her blue eyes were dimly reflected in the jeep's window and seemed to shine with countless clear lights at the same time.

She was naturally Shangguan Bing Xue. At this moment she had reached level 39 with many powerful skills in her arsenal. Her power was undeniable and Bai Zemin had already seen what she was capable of.

This group of four were the only ones who were going to go deep into the northern camp and when they had a clearer idea of the situation, they would launch a surprise attack.

Bai Zemin's lips curved slightly into a cold smile. With this kind of alignment, it was more than enough to finish off the other party; he was so confident.

Besides...Bai Zemin's eyes glittered chillingly as he recalled the things whose size had currently been shrunk to a mere five centimeters and hidden in a small corner of the jeep's back.

Shangguan Bing Xue's armor and sword, two pieces of armor, and two normal swords for the Nangong siblings since Bai Zemin didn't know about them back then, and of course, the Rank 2 armor and the greatsword of his own.

Bai Zemin really had to commend Shangguan Bing Xue for her foresight. Had it not been for the modifications that a large number of vehicles underwent, it would currently be impossible for his Blaze Scale Greatsword to be loaded onto a normal transport considering its weight.

Every three hours, the four of them swapped turns to drive to keep themselves in good physical condition. Considering that there were four of them, each person could rest for a full nine hours because except for some normal zombies and a few that had mutated into a stranger species of zombie such as Strength Zombie and others, there were no problems worth mentioning.

* * *

Two days later.

With Tinyuan Town and Linqi Town acting as borders, a large camp several kilometers long had been set up after the two main police stations of both towns eliminated the surrounding threats.

After building a safe zone by themselves, Kang Rong and Lu Yan, the two chiefs of both police stations did not stop and making use of the ammunition accumulated over many years of peace began to slowly but surely spread out. Thanks to the continued support of the government in the past, the two men had a good amount of firearms that, although somewhat obsolete, were more than enough to deal with zombies or normal mutated monsters.

With over six hundred armed troops combined, the camp managed to find plenty of supplies. However, the burden the two bosses were feeling was also very great. After all, feeding over three thousand people was no simple matter.

After about two days of riding during which they had to stop several times to remove some troublesome obstacles from the road, Bai Zemin's group had finally traveled about 700 kilometers.

Such a distance could have been covered in a single day in the past. However, with the current state of the roads and the appearance of monsters, accomplishing such a thing was just an impossible fantasy to fulfill.

"So this is the north camp." Bai Zemin muttered to himself as he gazed into the distance from the top of a huge tree.

In the past, the Rulin Subdistrict was known to be incredibly attractive for tourism and thus possessed several well-maintained walls and buildings. Even now it was still an attractive sight to the eyes.

Bai Zemin saw walls about two meters high in the distance and couldn't help but feel a bit jealous. These kinds of walls might not be very tall, but their defense against zombies and some weak mutated beasts was indisputable. It was much better to the wooden walls that the Beginning Village had erected even if the height was about four times higher.

After observing for a moment, Bai Zemin returned to the vehicle and instructed Nangong Yi to continue forward.

"Stop!" Bai Zemin's group had just arrived at the gates of the place when a group of six heavily armed soldiers immediately rushed over and yelled.

Nangong Yi looked at Bai Zemin first and seeing him nodding began to gradually slow down the vehicle until it finally came to a complete stop a short distance from the entrance.

The group of four got out of the jeep one by one. They all looked at the soldiers calmly; three men and three women. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Although the men got a little heated after seeing the body of Nangong Lingxin and Shangguan Bing Xue as well as their beautiful faces, they could do nothing as the three women approached and made sure the two of them were not carrying weapons.

The three male soldiers also confiscated Bai Zemin and Nangong Yi roughly and carelessly.

The soldiers even searched the vehicle but could not find anything suspicious in sight.

Immediately after the soldiers made sure there were no concealed weapons, a man and a woman approached from inside a building next to the entrance, and judging from the formal clothes they were wearing they were probably part of the government.

The woman about 37-38 years old approached Bai Zemin and said, "My colleague and I are responsible for receiving the survivors. My name is Mei Lin. You can take your personal belongings and enter the survivors' camp. If you wish to keep your vehicle, it is no problem. However, you need to pay a fee of half a kilogram of rice per day to be allowed to park inside or you can sell it for the value of five kilograms of white rice right here."

While there were many vehicles on the road, 80% of them had been crashed and needed to be repaired to varying degrees. In addition, the jeep in which Bai Zemin and his group were driving was an all-terrain vehicle so it was good for the forest as well as the city. Hence Mei Lin's offer.

Of course, Bai Zemin had no interest in selling the jeep. After all, inside the trunk were stored armor and weapons whose value was priceless considering that they could save anyone's life.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3