Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Cough! Cough! Cough!

Bai Zemin almost choked to death when Xiang Feng related what Nangong Lingxin told her while helping her shower earlier. The girl's voice was filled with adoration and as she looked at him with her dark eyes, Bai Zemin somehow felt that he was a celebrity from the past in front of his biggest fan.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Yi looked at Nangong Lingxin with raised eyebrows, to which the 27-year-old beauty responded with a faint blush and said in a whisper, "What? Didn't I tell the truth?"

After saying those words, Nangong Lingxin looked at Bai Zemin out of the corner of her eye as if she feared that he was angry. However, Bai Zemin just looked at her not knowing whether to laugh or cry as he said, "I say, Nangong Lingxin, was it necessary to tell such things to a little child?"

"Naturally it was necessary!" Nangong Lingxin looked at him intently and replied earnestly, "Since you want to be the king of a new dynasty in the future, then the more people who know about your royal strength and miraculous feats, the better it will be for you and for all of us!"

"Woman, you..." Bai Zemin really didn't know what to say about it, so in the end, he ended up shaking his head with a complicated smile on his face.

Shangguan Bing Xue's lips curved slightly, and she looked at Nangong Lingxin with amusement, "Could it be that you like a young man of 20 while you are 27?"

Nangong Lingxin simply shrugged her shoulders and said honestly, "If it wasn't for the age difference, I'd be willing to pursue him and make him my man. I mean, why not? He's attractive, intelligent, extremely powerful, and not a psychopath. On the contrary, tell me if you've ever met a better man than him."

Shangguan Bing Xue opened her mouth to say something, but she was greatly surprised when she realized something... She had nothing to say about the last words of the woman in front of her.

If it was before the apocalypse, then Bai Zemin didn't seem to have anything worth mentioning. However, as far as the current world was concerned, Shangguan Bing Xue had yet to find a man with better overall qualifications than Bai Zemin; even the handsome Chen He was far behind in many aspects and only his appearance was better than Bai Zemin.

In the end, she frowned and shook her head before continuing to enjoy her meal with no desire to continue chatting further.

As he listened to his sister's words, Nangong Yi didn't know whether he should laugh or cry. Regardless of whether it was before the Soul Record came to Earth or after, his younger sister Nangong Lingxin was always an excellent woman in every aspect. Countless men strove daily to woo her, but she was like a proud swan who paid no attention to them at all. Yet, here she was, declaring that she would be willing to openly pursue a young college man while she had already entered the working world quite some time ago.

How ironic. Nangong Yi thought before looking at Yi Fang, who was looking at her daughter in a daze.

"Feng Feng..." Yi Fang muttered in disbelief before forcing a smile and saying in a tone that suggested she was trying to convince herself of something, "Don't joke with mom. How could such a powerful person exist? That's not something a human could possibly do."

Hundreds of blood spears descending from the sky?

Buildings collapsing like weak sandcastles?

The earth shook because of those attacks and everything was destroyed?

An army was annihilated?

Yi Fang could not believe such a thing. Not because she didn't want to believe it, but because such things were too far from her imagination; from her point of view, only God could possess such power.

"But... Big Sister said so!" Xiang Feng did not seem to agree with her mother and refuted.

Nangong Lingxin sighed softly and looked at Yi Fang with a serious expression, "Aunt, although it may be hard to believe or imagine, everything I said is true. Bai Zemin is shockingly strong. This base will soon fall under his control, as there is no one here with the power to restrain him. Even one of the most powerful soul evolvers that protected one of the two highest leaders of this camp was destroyed with a single fist of his... I advise you to think carefully about what you will do next, or else you might lose the greatest opportunity of your life just like it almost happened to my brother and me."

Yi Fang lowered her head and looked at the bowl of food in her hands with a blank stare.

If everything her daughter and Nangong Lingixn said was true, then indeed... This could be the greatest opportunity of their lives. Being able to follow such a powerful person meant that the life she and her young daughter could live from now on would be brilliant and their chances of survival would skyrocket through the roof with just one step. Even just being a maid in his house would be enough to live a pretty good life.

But... What if it was all a lie?

Yi Fang was so confused about what to do next that she had even gone through something that Bai Zemin and the rest had no reason to lie to her to begin with. She had nothing she could give them in any case. In fact, if it weren't for the fact that everyone present felt sympathy for sweet little Xiang Feng, they would never bother with giving explanations to a normal woman like her.

Bang!

While everyone was eating in silence, the front door was suddenly kicked open and a group of around twelve people charged into the house menacingly.

Yi Fang jumped in fear at the sudden loud sound. Her first action after recovering was to hug her daughter as she looked toward the entrance with wide eyes filled with fear.

She and her daughter had personally seen how some people were killed just for a piece of bread. Now that a large group of people had entered the house and considering that there were many more of them, and they all looked strong and powerful, the group of six consisting of 3 adult women, 1 little one, and 2 men, would definitely suffer a great loss.

When the group of twelve saw the large amount of food and the still full backpacks on the side, they were so surprised that for a moment they froze. Moments later, everyone's eyes flashed and big smiles appeared on their faces.

"Damn! Look at all that food!"

"Hahaha! Those cops at least are good for something once in a while!"

...

Some of them started laughing out loud. It was as if they could already see all these supplies falling into their hands.

On the other hand, the vast majority looked at the bodies and beautiful appearances of Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Lingxin. The naked lust in their eyes exposed the dirty thoughts crossing their minds.

"Hot! That woman has a nice pair of breasts!"

"Hehe... I prefer the cool-looking girl... Those are the best in bed."

"Hahaha! The feeling of conquering such a woman will definitely be great!"

It seemed that in their heads, the two women were already unclothed on the bed and they were having fun with them.

The leader seemed to be a man in his 30s. His height was average but his body was as sturdy as a tower. His head was completely shaved and there was a skull tattoo on his head and several other tattoos on his bare arms. But the most striking thing would be his eyes; his gaze looked like that of a venomous snake brimming with cruelty waiting to pounce on its prey.

So far, the leader had not said a single word and just stood at the front as he looked at the group of people before him.

"I see there is a little girl here. So pretty..." The bald-headed leader finally spoke. He looked at Xiang Feng with narrowed eyes and thereafter at Yi Fang, who was hugging her protectively against her chest. "If you don't want this little girl to see a little blood, how about we have a little chat? I'll ask the questions and you answer. Depending on whether I'm satisfied or not, I might let you go without hurting any of you."

Bai Zemin gave him a sidelong glance before acting as if he wasn't there. He returned his focus to the bowl in his hands as he occasionally picked up a piece of meat and calmly put it in his mouth.

Not only did Bai Zemin act indifferent, but Nangong Yi was also the same way!

The only ones who were paying attention to the gang members were the four girls.

Yi Fang and Xiang Feng were in fear, while the other two were looking at them as if they were looking at twelve corpses instead of twelve people.

"All of you... You are courting death." Shangguan Bing Xue's cold voice attracted the leader's attention.

The bald man was surprised and startled to see the cold but deadly gaze of the woman in front of him. However, remembering his backup, he soon calmed down. A smirk appeared on his face as he said, "Courting death? I don't think so, little beauty. Anyway, who the hell are you and where did you get all this food from?"

Bai Zemin looked at Shangguan Bing Xue for a moment and calmly said, "Just freeze them all but leave one behind. Don't stain the place with blood if possible, there's a little child here and I'm not sure she can bear to see a massacre the way Luo Ning did."

Little Luo Ning fought against zombies every day and was extremely brave. She had even seen with her own eyes how some people died but she did not seem too scared at such sights.

However, Xiang Feng may not necessarily be as brave as Luo Ning even though she was 1 year older. Bai Zemin and the rest were still not too familiar with this girl, so they did not want to traumatize her for life.

The bald leader looked at the young man who had just spoken with an amused smile. However, just as he was about to step forward to order his brothers to beat the loudmouth, the temperature inside the room suddenly plummeted.

The bodies of all twelve men trembled with cold and nearly pissed their pants when they saw the beautiful silver-haired woman pointing a finger at them.

"Freeze."

Swoosh! RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

With a strong gale of extremely cold air, the bodies of 11 of the 12 men began to slowly freeze from their feet to their heads. They all screamed and struggled to move, but the frost that had stuck to their clothes quickly began to harden and grow until it reached a point where the lower half of their bodies were covered by a thick layer of ice.

All those who looked at Shangguan Bing Xue with lust and wished to possess her were within the group of 11. These men now looked at the ice witch with eyes filled with terror; the previous confidence and lust were nowhere to be seen, and what they wished most was to be able to turn back time so as not to provoke this woman.

About five seconds later, the bodies of the eleven men had been sealed under the ice. Their terrified expressions had been frozen and immortalized in ice statues. Although from the outside their bodies were intact and without apparent wounds, the blood inside them had already frozen completely and their organs had stopped functioning; all of them were so dead that they could not die anymore even if they wanted to.

Even the bald leader was among the 11 men who had been turned into ice statues, frozen to death.

Bai Zemin looked at the skinny young man holding a watermelon cutting knife with trembling hands and then looked at Shangguan Bing Xue helplessly, "You should have saved the leader... That bald guy maybe knew more than the rest."

She shrugged and said calmly, "You never pointed out which one. I didn't like his voice and eyes, so I froze him to death."

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3