Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

-Southeast zone of the North Camp.

The east zone of the North Camp was the opposite of the west zone.

The west zone was where the most powerless survivors resided. This part of the base was composed of the lowest caste of survivors, the lowest members of the social and food pyramid. The people who lived here suffered from hunger and had to use all kinds of acts to get a glimmer of hope to see the next day's sun rise over the horizon.

On the other hand, the eastern zone was where all those with certain power resided. This part of the base was composed of high government officials chosen by Kang Rong and Lu Yan, the highest leaders. In addition to members of the government or police officers with some leadership and power among the troops, there were also the powerful soul evolvers and their families.

People living in the east zone enjoyed the highest possible treatment: they ate the best food, drank the best wine, enjoyed the best beauties, and practically had the right to do almost anything as long as it did not affect the interests of another person with power or the base in general.

If the west zone was hell, then the east zone was undoubtedly heaven; a heaven that normal survivors could never access and could only dream about while looking at it from so close but at the same time from so far away.

Although a month had passed since the outbreak of the apocalypse, the electric light was still functioning properly. Although the power plants needed human labor to operate, it would take some time before the large generators would stop working. It was thanks to this that mankind could still make use of artificial light to illuminate the dark night world every time the sun went below the horizon.

Inside one of the most luxurious villas in the east, the lighting was bright and from the outside, this three-story building looked like a small starry sky by itself.

In a very spacious and sumptuously decorated dining room, the sound of clanking cooking utensils was the only sound that could be heard.

Six beautiful women dressed in French maid uniforms stood in two rows of three on both sides of the large oak table. The ages of the women varied; there were teenagers, there were young adults, there were mature women, there was even one who was well past middle age but clearly kept in condition and except for slight wrinkles at the corner of her eyes, her beauty was intact.

Petite bodies, curvaceous bodies, explosive bodies, innocent faces, cold faces, kind faces, charming faces, etc. All six women enjoyed their own styles, but they were all naturally beautiful. They were definitely among the most beautiful in the base. It was precisely for this reason that they managed to work in a place like this despite not having any backup or strength to lean on.

The six women looked at the dishes on the table with some desire in their eyes. Although they were better off than most of the survivors at the base, enjoying meals like the ones they were looking at right now was absolutely impossible.

There was fried rice, rice with soy sauce, baked chicken, mutant beast meat, smoked fish, even two large bottles of sprite and coke. Except for the mutant beast meat, such foods might have been relatively normal in the past; however, after the appearance of the Soul Record on Earth and the fall of society, such meals were luxuries that few could afford to enjoy.

Sitting at the head seat of the table, a man of about 50 years old moved his hands slowly; sometimes he would take a piece of meat and tasting it, other times he would choose some chicken to vary the flavors, when he felt thirsty he would take some soda. He seemed worry-free.

The man was not too tall but he could not be considered small either, he was about 1.73 meters tall. However, his slightly bulging belly and chubby face gave him a rather funny appearance along with his sparse hair that had practically disappeared completely.

However, no one in the entire base dared to laugh at this man's appearance... Because he was Kang Rong, one of the two biggest fish in this base! With over 300 armed men under his command and approximately 90 soul evolvers, anyone who had offended him in the past had long since disappeared from this world.

Although Kang Rong looked leisurely and carefree, the six beautiful women could see a slight frown on his face that betrayed his inner thoughts not as calm as he appeared on the surface.

As Kang Rong enjoyed his dinner in silence, a police officer approached with cautious steps. The man's eyes occasionally glanced at the six beautiful women as even for him, who had a certain position on the base, it was rare to be able to see such beauties.

"Chief Kang." The police officer stopped two meters from the table and respectfully bowed to the seated man.

Kang Rong raised his head slightly and pointed to the table, "Shan Li. Sit down and eat something."

Shan Li said nothing and sat down silently. Under his calculating gaze, two maids began to serve plates of food for him while another hurried to the kitchen in search of utensils and an extra glass.

Meanwhile, Kang Rong asked in a deep voice, "Still no news of that brat son of mine?"

Shan Li's expression changed slightly. Still, he said honestly, "We haven't received even a single transmission from your son yet, Chief Kang."

The maidens' bodies tensed and they looked at Kang Rong warily.

Although Kang Rong's son was a pervert who caused a lot of trouble, no matter what, he was still his son. Although Kang Rong did not approve the lust and pervert that his son Kang Hong was, blood was thicker than water after all.

Kang Hong had left in a southerly direction about five days ago to pursue a woman, but had not yet returned. Although Kang Rong knew that his son was quite powerful and had a team of several soul evolvers with him, something inside him told him that the situation might not be as good as he had thought.

That was precisely why he sent a team with two of his most powerful evolvers to look for his son since all communications had been cut off several days ago.

Kang Rong kept an impassive expression on his face and after drinking some juice, continued: "What about Wang Zedong and Dai Yun's group? Any news from them?"

"This..." Shan Li put on a complicated expression and hesitated. Soon, however, he gritted his teeth and said, "Chief Kang, the truth is that Mr. Wang and Miss Dai's squad has not contacted the base again as you ordered."

Kang Rong's expression turned extremely ugly when he heard this and his eyes flashed with viciousness and murderous intent.

Wang Zedong was a dangerous ex-convict, and to deal with him, Kang Rong had no choice but to plant several intelligent bombs inside his body using the help of an evolver with the skill of closing flesh wounds. Even so, it was not easy for Kang Rong to control him, and that was why he sent one of the most reliable people under his command, Dai Yun.

Although Dai Yun could not defeat Wang Zedong, if she wanted to run away he could not stop her thanks to the set of skills she possessed that were in sync with each other. If Dai Yun informed him about any suspicious movement of Wang Zedong, Kang Rong could send him to oblivion as long as he did not go more than 5000 kilometers away.

Dai Yun betrayed me? Kang Rong could not help but think of such a possibility. However, he soon dismissed the thought. Dai Yun had a brother who depended on her since he was useless; she would definitely not do something stupid that could put her family's life at risk like betraying him.

At that moment, Shan Li's voice sounded inside the dining hall again, "Chief Kang... Forgive my boldness but... What if your son and Mr. Wang's team met some powerful monster on the way or... Or perhaps an enemy beyond their capabilities?"

Kang Rong's face changed again and he began to tap his finger on the table as he plunged into his thoughts.

What Shan Li had just brought up was not something Kang Rong had not thought of. It was just that such a thought was difficult for him to accept.

Kang Rong had personally seen Wang Zedong fight to the death and emerge victorious against a huge seven-meter tall bull. That bull looked like a prehistoric creature and its meat was so precious that even an ordinary person like him could receive benefits from eating it.

To Kang Rong, who had only seen normal zombies, mutated zombies, and some wild beasts, that bull was a formidable enemy. He simply couldn't imagine anything beyond that. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"That's impossible." Kang Rong shook his head after a moment of silence. "Even if Wang Zedong and Dai Yun's team met with heavy trouble they should have at least been able to send a message. I refuse to believe that a group of over fifty armed men and two powerful warriors could be wiped off the face of the earth in less than a minute!"

Seeing that Kang Rong had spoken, and listening to his reasoning, Shan Li felt that what he said makes sense.

Although Kang Rong was a rather arrogant person, as a leader he was not too bad compared to people like Ye Qigang and the other three previous village chiefs that Bai Zemin currently controlled. Kang Rong was quite smart and could make the best of the situation depending on his own strength; it was precisely because of this that despite being a coward who did not dare to kill zombies he still managed to firmly control his troops.

"Chief Kang, actually, I came here for another matter." Shan Li changed the topic when he saw that the previous one was over. A slight trace of concern appeared on his face as he said, "Actually, a group of suspicious people-"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The sound of gunshots coming from outside abruptly echoed in the middle of the night and Shan Li's next words stuck in his throat.

The six beautiful women were a little frightened at first, but after remembering the safety of this villa they calmed down again although there was still some worry in their eyes.

"What the hell is going on?" Kang Rong stood up abruptly. His eyes filled with anger as he said, "That old bastard Lu Yan finally couldn't take it anymore and came looking for problems? It seems that until I chop his head off and turn that little bitch of a daughter he has into a prostitute, he won't be happy!"

Kang Rong was not afraid. His villa was guarded by 150 well-armed men and 20 powerful soul evolvers. This kind of force was enough to resist an enemy assault for at least 1 full hour; enough time for the rest of his forces to catch up to suppress or repel Lu Yan's forces.

On the other hand, it was Shan Li who felt a bad premonition. He felt that this night attack was not necessarily related to Lu Yan, but to the strange group of people who had appeared out of nowhere at the base earlier today.

In fact, when one of his trusted subordinates informed him about a group of people living in the western part of the base controlling a large amount of food, Shan Li pulled some strings from the shadows to get information. Unfortunately, things turned out much worse than he initially thought.

This was the real reason for his visit today.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3