Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

A few hours before Kang Rong's villa was attacked, west side of North Camp.

Inside the two-story building where Bai Zemin's group temporarily resided, six people looked at the twelve ice statues with different emotions.

"I wonder if this guy would have spoken if he knew that, at the end of the day, he would end up becoming an ice cube anyway." Nangong Yi looked at the slender punk's terrified face and analyzed indifferently.

"Regardless of that, this kind of trash is better off in the nether world than in this world." Nangong Lingxin mocked mercilessly. "This punk didn't have the courage to go out and kill zombies but he has the courage to bully those weaker ones and make the already difficult life of the survivors even more miserable. Each person harvests what they sowed, and this guy has only just gathered what he himself planted."

In fact, the slender punk was frozen to death by Shangguan Bing Xue after he finished telling everything he knew in the hope that they would let him go. Some people may think that such an act was cruel, unfair, or treacherous; but from the point of view of Bai Zemin and the rest, what they did was to take out the trash.

The world was already in such a precarious situation and humanity could be annihilated if they made a single misstep. Still, there were people who instead of thinking or fighting the real enemy wasted their time bullying and intimidating those who had no power.

Who knows how many people were harmed by these people? Who knows how many died or how many women were abused by this kind of scum? Nangong Yi, Nangong Lingxin, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Bai Zemin did not feel any compassion for such monstrosity.

Yi Fang looked at the twelve ice statues with an extremely complicated expression. Although she had seen people die in front of her eyes several times, death was something she simply could not get used to, and preferred never to do so. She felt that she might lose her humanity if such a thing ever happened.

As for Xiang Feng... She did not look scared at all. On the contrary, she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue as if she were her new idol and occasionally asked her a question or two. The naive girl would sometimes even point her little finger and try to imitate Shangguan Bing Xue as if she wanted to throw gusts of icy wind.

"In the end, everything turned out as we expected." Bai Zemin looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and shrugged his shoulders.

"Right." She nodded in agreement. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

In fact, the appearance of the twelve threatening hooligans happened because the police officer who had followed them here took the liberty of having a chat with one of the local gangs to study the situation.

In the North Camp, there were many gangs, and among these gangs, a few were secretly supported by members of the government or people with certain acquisitive power. By using these gangs, they were able to profit from the "bad" part of the base as well as profit from the "good" part. This was precisely why that police officer did not dare to make a big move, and it was also why the twelve hooligans did not do anything too drastic to prevent their gang from getting into big problems with a powerful person.

Unfortunately for these people, the group of twelve hooligans, who were meant to be "scouts", were eliminated even before they could properly introduce themselves. As for what kind of reaction the base would have, Bai Zemin had no way of knowing since each mind was a world apart.

"However, it is safe to assume that this will not end here." Bai Zemin took a step forward and approached the statues as he calmly said, "I guess we'll have to speed things up."

After all, he didn't like problems that could be avoided before they happened.

Under everyone's gaze, Bai Zemin clenched his right fist slightly and casually punched forward.

Bang!

A mighty air bullet formed as a result of the power behind his casual fist and the twelve statues were turned into ice dust. They simply disappeared completely, leaving nothing but fine, tiny fragments of frost that were soon swept away by the wind blowing in through the broken windows.

Those survivors who were outside the building had naturally seen the twelve hooligans walking in. They all believed that the people inside would definitely meet a miserable fate, and some survivors even secretly gloated over the misfortunes of others. However, even after a long time, no sound could be heard.

The bang and the shaking of the house frightened those curious onlookers who lurked nearby, causing them to flee into the distance while some yelled in terror believing that someone had fired a gun. None of them wanted to die, so they wisely fled when they realized that if they died here, they had only themselves to blame for their stupidity. It was clear to these survivors that even if they died, they would not make big waves as they were of no importance to the high officials at the base.

Unconsciously, Yi Fang swallowed deeply as she looked at the apparently thin young man in front of her. A single casual fist and clearly without too much effort to launch it was enough to turn twelve magic ice statues into a pile of dust; even the bodies and blood were nowhere to be seen!

Of course, the blood, flesh, and the entire body was already frozen in ice. Otherwise, no matter how strong Bai Zemin was, it was impossible for him to make a corpse disappear without a trace.

* * *

Soon, time flew by and a few hours later darkness descended.

At night used to be the most dangerous time in the apocalypse. There were many reasons, but the main one was that while humans could not see more than a couple of meters ahead, zombies were guided by a sense other than sight to reach their prey while mutated beasts with a great sense of smelling could smell flesh from vast distances.

Even powerful soul evolvers had their senses incredibly limited in the middle of the night, let alone normal people.

While everyone was inside their homes with the doors firmly closed and the lights turned off to avoid attracting the attention of any wild beasts, a svelte silhouette crept through the night like a shadow. One moment it was in one place but the next instant its body disappeared only to appear several yards away before vanishing again.

The small silhouette charged towards the west side of the base without alerting anyone. In a matter of minutes, it had traveled several kilometers, crossed several streets, alleys, jumped over the roofs of some houses, and without anyone noticing, slipped into this dangerous area where the life and death of survivors occurred more often than it really seemed.

Soon, the small silhouette reached a two-story building and paused momentarily outside to scan the surroundings before slipping into the courtyard as its body seemed to blend into the environment, and its presence seemed to disappear completely. Even if a survivor stood a step away they would not be able to notice it.

The courtyard that the small and svelte silhouette sneaked into was the courtyard where Bai Zemin's group currently resided.