Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The small silhouette was very agile, its movements were fluid as water sliding in the middle of the rocks and it seemed that any obstruction could not stop it. With just a small jump and a few grabs, the silhouette reached the second floor window of the building and looked through the opening.

All that could be seen from the outside was darkness, and anyone would have trouble telling what the situation was like inside. However, the pupils of the small silhouette that had its entire face covered suddenly took on a strange pale green glow and the darkness seemed to disappear before its eyes, revealing the interior of the room.

However, the first thing the little silhouette saw made its pupils shrink to the maximum extent possible... Because just six meters in front of it, a young man rested standing against the opposite wall and looked in its direction with a smile that was not a smile.

The small silhouette reacted immediately like an experienced assassin. While using the wall as an impulse to jump backward and just before gravity pulled it back to the ground, it threw several sharp objects that flew at full speed in the direction of the young man.

Forehead, eyes, throat, heart, abdomen; the sharp objects aimed with terrifying precision at vital areas of the body and considering the speed at which they flew due to the strength with which they were thrown, even a soul evolver could lose their life in this kind of deadly situation.

Bai Zemin narrowed his eyes and immediately noticed that this person who was trying to assassinate him definitely had a lot of experience in this kind of situation. If it wasn't him or Shangguan Bing Xue, anyone else in his group would most probably die in the face of such a ruthless and precise attack.

Unfortunately, this fatal assassin met him.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

His right hand moved at thunderous speeds and four residual images appeared for a moment before disappearing. Just before its balaclava-covered head went too low and it lost sight of the situation inside the room, the assassin felt its heart stop for a split second as it saw its attack stopped by the mysterious young man with bare hands.

Those sharp objects that the small silhouette had thrown were parts of a level 20 mutated porcupine! With the assassin's Strength matching the piercing ability of the thorns, even a war tank would be pierced through; but the young man caught it so easily!

When the toe of the assassin's left foot came into contact with the courtyard floor once again, it did not even hesitate and dashed into the distance at full speed. In the past, even before the apocalypse, the small silhouette had worked as an assassin and had a lot of experience in this field; now that it had evolved and acquired various skills befitting its profession, its killing power had increased to frightening levels. However, the killer instinct deep inside the small silhouette told it that the mysterious young man was too difficult a target to deal with.

"You want to come and then leave at will? Better stay and chat for a while!" A voice filled with disdain reached the assassin's ears. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The assassin's pupils suddenly shuddered as a bad premonition overtook it. Without delay, it twisted its body in a strange angle as if its body was made of rubber while keeping its speed up to the maximum possible.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The wind swooshed softly as if several objects at high speed were piercing it. These objects were the four thorns that the assassin had used before!

Thanks to its experience and ability, the small silhouette managed to evade three of the thorns. However, the fourth and last one was moving too fast so it barely managed to move its body a little to the left before it was pierced.

"Ugh." A low groan sounded in the middle of the dark night. An arrow of blood flew out from the assassin's shoulder after being pierced by the sharp and lethal thorn that entered through its back and exited through the front of its body.

Such ability and such dreadful strength! The assassin was frightened. The other side was not only a powerful soul evolver, but also had a lot of experience with throwing weapons! Could it be that he was also an experienced assassin?

Bai Zemin chased after the assassin and was also a bit surprised. With his skill Special Forces Soldier he was very skilled with all kinds of weapons; throwing weapons was one of them, even more, thanks to the skill Throwing. Little did he expect that the assassin would actually manage to dodge his previous attack.

Of course, if he wanted his enemy dead, he could have ended this fight much earlier. But unlike today's twelve gang members, this assassin would definitely have more useful information for him and his group. After all, having information was crucial considering that they were currently in enemy territory.

Bai Zemin extended his hand forward and the Earth Bracelet momentarily shimmered.

In the next instant, a magic circle glowed right in front of the assassin and the next moment a large spike of magic earth shot up from the ground.

The assassin was really capable and the first instant the magic circle appeared it knew that its life was in danger. The worst thing was that if it jumped back to evade the magical attack, the assassin would run into the young man that was in pursuit and would quickly catch up. With no other options, no time to think too much, and with supernatural agility, the small silhouette jumped and turned its body in the air in such a way that its head was pointing towards the ground and its legs towards the sky.

Just when Bai Zemin thought that the opponent was going to commit suicide and the earth spike was millimeters away from piercing its head, the small silhouette pulled out a dagger from its waist and used the tip of the dagger to support the weight of its body on the tip of the magic earth spike.

Making use of the momentum of the magic spike, the small silhouette leaped high into the sky and prepared to make use of its knowledge of the terrain to increase the distance between itself and the young man. It was only thanks to its knowledge of the base and the various alleyways that it had not yet been caught.

Unfortunately, the instant the assassin jumped to avoid the magic earth spike and its feet left the ground, its fate had been sealed.

Swoosh!

The wind swooshed lightly once more and as the small silhouette swooshed through the air, it saw out of the corner of its eye some sort of string flying in its direction. Just as it was about to use its dagger to cut the string, it suddenly realized that it could not move the shoulder that had been pierced earlier by the porcupine's thorn.

The assassin did not understand what was happening as it could feel the blood in that area of its body limiting as much as possible the movements it could make normally. In that brief instant of shock, the "string " stuck to its chest and, to the assassin's horror, when it tried to cut the string with the other hand, it was once again shocked to realize that in reality, it was spider silk; and extremely strong! Even its dagger could not cut through!

Bai Zemin inwardly scoffed as he saw the assassin's futile efforts. If the silk of the Arachnid Silk Ring, a Magic grade treasure, was so weak and easy to cut, then it would be the shame of all Magic grade treasures.

After limiting the assassin's movements, Bai Zemin forcefully pulled the silk back. The small silhouette, which was still in full flight, suddenly changed its direction and flew towards him at full speed.

But the assassin was really professional. Realizing that this time it really couldn't run away, it did not hesitate and stabbed with its dagger towards the young man's head with all its Strength. This strike not only contained the assassin's Strength but also contained the movement speed of its body after being thrown backward!

"You really won't shed your tears unless the reaper appears before you!" Bai Zemin coldly snorted.

He stretched out his left hand and, under the stupefied gaze of the small silhouette, easily caught the dagger. One had to know that this dagger was no ordinary object, it was a strangely strong Magic grade treasure!

Just when the assassin felt its mind go blank after so many shocks, Bai Zemin caught the head of the small silhouette with his right hand. His palm covered a large part of the assassin's head as if he was an adult catching a small child.

Bai Zemin turned his body while clinging to the assassin's head and after turning 180 degrees, he threw his body harshly backward.

Swoosh!

A strange multicolored barrier appeared in the air, and with a thud, the assassin's body hit the energy barrier.

Cough!

The small silhouette involuntarily coughed up fresh blood. Because Bai Zemin's previous grip was too firm, the balaclava that healed its head completely no longer covered its face, therefore, the blood fell to the ground. The assassin also fell heavily to the ground and fainted on the spot.

Slowly, the multicolored barrier disappeared, and the sound of slow footsteps could be heard amidst the darkness. Soon, the beautiful and graceful Nangong Lingxin appeared. Despite wearing baggy clothes, the curves of her body were visible to the naked eye; especially the front area.

"You really have no mercy regardless of gender." Nangong Lingxin chuckled softly as she looked at Bai Zemin with an amused smile.

After riding 48 hours in the same vehicle, the two of them had talked quite a bit so the confidence between them had increased a bit. At least, now they could joke occasionally without any problems.

Bai Zemin did not know whether to laugh or cry when he heard Nangong Lingxin's comment. He walked over to the assassin's immobile body and squatted down.

"This is something I didn't expect." Bai Zemin sighed softly. Although he was a little surprised, his voice was quite cold, indicating that he did not mind seeing that, in fact, the assassin turned out to be a young woman.

Bai Zemin with the help of Nangong Lingxin took all the weapons away from the fainting assassin. Then, he casually threw her over his shoulder after binding her limbs.

A few seconds later, Bai Zemin and Nangong Lingxin had disappeared into the darkness of the night once again.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3