Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"The reason I didn't activate Death's Kiss in the last moment was because I felt you had no malicious intent towards me."

After saying these words in a voice that a person engaged in the profession of cold-blooded murder should not have, the young foreign woman looked at everyone's expression with her deep green eyes.

While Shangguan Bing Xue, Nangong Lingxin, and Nangong Yi looked at her strangely, Bai Zemin's expression was quite amused.

He looked at the beautiful assassin and unconsciously his lips curved slightly upwards, "I say, golden curls, don't you realize the condition of your body? Not only did I pierce your left shoulder with a sharp object but I also hit you so hard that you lost consciousness after spitting up blood... Are you sure the blow didn't cloud your thoughts?"

"My dagger." The blonde-haired young assassin did not seem to care about the thoughts of the others and instead immediately reclaimed her weapon.

Bai Zemin looked at her for a moment before gesturing to Shangguan Bing Xue.

She understood and approached the dangerous and fatal young woman who was about the same age that he was. After an indifferent glance, she casually cut with her hand, and the fiber strings that bound the woman's movements froze.

In the next instant, the tough, hard strings that were sealed in ice began to crack and a moment later exploded into a pile of tiny ice shards, falling to the floor and melting a moment later.

The young assassin's expression changed slightly and she looked at the beautiful silver-haired young woman with surprise in her dangerous jade-green eyes. Previously, she could sense danger from the silver-haired young woman, but it was only when she saw her act that she realized that apart from the young man named Bai Zemin, there was also a second terrifying monster.

The assassin took the dagger and staggered to her feet. Her face contorted slightly as even though Bai Zemin restrained himself, her internal organs shook after being hit so hard before she lost consciousness.

She did not try to flee. She knew that during her best moment she failed to flee from the hands of the cold-eyed young man, so she would be less able to escape from him now that she was injured. Not to mention the silver-haired beauty with the indifferent expression who was looking at her as if waiting for the moment when she would make a wrong move to attack her.

The first thing the young assassin did after standing up and putting away her beloved dagger was to check that her clothes were in order and then her own body.

"My shoulder..." She stared in amazement as the wound on her shoulder had suddenly stopped bleeding.

"I did it." Bai Zemin's voice immediately attracted her attention.

He looked at her calmly and said indifferently, "Being honest with you, if it wasn't because you didn't activate that dagger's skill at the last moment, you would be in a really miserable situation right now... All my enemies always met a not-so-pleasant fate, and those who tried to harm me in any way always failed horribly."

With Bai Zemin's Blood Manipulation skill evolving into Second Order, not only had the power been multiplied by 2. Bai Zemin had also received a second activation, which granted him the ability to activate a skill attached to Blood Manipulation. But apart from this, he also received a lot of information in his brain, information that came from the scarlet rune that represented the skill Blood Manipulation deeply engraved in his soul.

Now, while Bai Zemin could not heal wounds or speed up the healing process, he could at least coagulate the blood in a way that would not only seal the wound and prevent the blood from continuing to flow out of the body; he could also do so in such a way that it would not further injure the already injured flesh. After all, controlling globules was not a simple task, and it was not something that could be done just by wanting to do it.

The young assassin looked clearly confused. She looked at the four people in front of her and finally, after what seemed like an eternity of silence, asked something that had been bothering her, "Who are you?"

"You're funny." Shangguan Bing Xue could no longer stay silent. She stepped forward and said with a slightly mocking tone, "We've been asking you questions but not only do you not answer but instead you demand. Who do you think you are? I guess you really haven't realized what kind of situation you're currently in, have you?"

Bai Zemin shook his head and looked at the young assassin indifferently, "To be honest, I really wanted to let you go alive... You could say I was looking for an excuse to do so. But seeing as you're not cooperating in any way, then it's fine with me too."

The young assassin's expression did not change in the slightest. As an assassin, she knew that at some point she might lose her life, and even more so considering the world, she was currently living in. Therefore, she did not flinch in the face of imminent death.

"Wait a moment."

Just then, Nangong Lingxin's voice stopped Bai Zemin. He turned around to look at her over his shoulder and was a little surprised to see her looking at the young assassin's body with a lascivious smile.

"Don't you think this woman is beautiful?" Nangong Lingxin narrowed her eyes and said with a chuckle, "I'm sure the poor survivors who haven't been able to feel the warmth of a woman in a long time will thank us eternally if we let them hold her, don't you think?"

Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Zemin's expressions changed slightly. Both of them were about to reprimand Nangong Lingxin, as the current her should be aware that throwing a person to their fate while letting others take physical advantage of them was not to both of their liking. In fact, the rule against rape was one of the firmest rules whose punishments were the strongest in Beginning Village.

However, the eyes of both of them suddenly lit up as if they had thought of something and unconsciously looked at each other, seeing the same surprise in each other's eyes.

Bai Zemin looked at Nangong Lingxin with appreciation, finally understanding the intention of this not only beautiful and powerful but also an intelligent woman.

After understanding Nangong Lingxin's plan, Bai Zemin turned to look at the young assassin and smiled. As a man, his smile was even naughtier than Nangong Lingxin's smile and as he looked at the small but graceful body of the foreign assassin, he commented, "That idea is good too. This woman not only has an extremely good body, but her face is also very beautiful. I'm sure the men who haven't even showered for 1 month will thank us very much."

"You..." The young assassin girl finally couldn't keep her composure and took a step back. She looked at Bai Zemin and the others with caution and even a hint of fear in her previously steady eyes.

No woman would be able to keep her calm in the face of being assaulted by a group of men who, to top it off, were filthy and whose putrid odor drove away even the foulest of flies. Even if she was an experienced assassin, she was a woman first and foremost.

Bai Zemin sighed exaggeratedly and shook his head, "What a pity... A woman as beautiful and strong as you turned into someone else's dog and because of that stupid loyalty will now have to go through hell before finally dying with grievances."

"I am nobody's dog!" The young assassin suddenly raised her voice and her fear seemed to disappear. As if the words Bai Zemin said had touched a delicate nerve, she glared at him with hatred and while gritting her teeth, barked, "The only dogs here are you, who killed a group of people and even steal their belongings casually!"

Cough! Cough!

Bai Zemin and Nangong Yi almost choked to death when they heard this.

They killed a group of people? Well... In fact, they killed a lot of people; but they all deserved it in one way or another.

As for the matter of stealing their belongings casually... When did this happen?

"You... What the hell are you talking about?" Shangguan Bing Xue looked at the young assassin stupefied.

"Even if you pretend it won't do any good." The young female assassin looked at her and coldly snorted. "Before I accepted that person's task to kill you I also did some research. I know that today twelve people walked into this building and never came out again. Several survivors in the area even said that you were robbing the merchants!"

Nangong Lingxin looked at her three teammates not knowing how to react to such words.

"Are you mentally retarded or something?" Bai Zemin frowned and said in disgust, "You think with our strength we need to take some food from someone? We can go to any town or village and get supplies by ourselves. As for those twelve people, each and every one of them were hooligans from a local gang who came with bad intentions and even threatened the life of a ten-year-old girl!"

"Stupid woman." Shangguan Bing Xue muttered under her breath and no longer looked at the woman. It seemed that she was afraid of being infected by her stupidity. Although she didn't particularly like men, she didn't like stupid women either.

Indeed. The young assassin's expression changed when she heard Bai Zemin's reasoning.

She did not belong to any faction; she was a powerful independent soul evolver who, thanks to her power, could enter and leave the base at will. To avoid offending a powerful soul evolver with terrifying assassination capabilities, the North Camp government tolerated her existence. She had even received occasional missions where she was asked to kill a target in exchange for a large amount of supplies and even equipment from the Soul Record system.

Today, she was summoned by Kang Rong's right hand man, one of the two most powerful men in the entire base. The name of the man who summoned her was Shan Li, and he currently held the position of commander within the police troops controlled by Kang Rong. Shan Li was literally an existence that was beneath one person and above all others.

Shan Li had given her the task of killing a group of people who lived on the west side of the city. This group of people were supposedly cruel and vicious, killing survivors and stealing the private property of merchants. He even presented some "evidence". In the end, the young assassin did not immediately agree and asked for some time to think about it.

The young assassin had her own principles and never killed people without stains, therefore, she investigated on her own a bit. In the afternoon she soaked in some mud, dirtied her hair, and dressed in torn clothes to hide her natural beauty and mingled among the survivors who roamed the area. It was not difficult for her to find that, indeed, a group of twelve people had entered the building but never came out again.

She had even gone to talk to the apparently aggrieved vendors and, in fact, these people affirmed Shan Li's words. This was all it took for the young assassin to finally accept the task and kill these people.

However, little did she expect that this group of people were not at all normal but were all soul evolvers. Two of them could even threaten her life to the point where even running away became impossible for her despite all her lifesaving skills and physical ability!

During the fervor of the battle and due to the situation she was in, she had not been able to think carefully even though she already suspected that something was not right. But Bai Zemin's words and the disdainful attitude of the silver-haired, blue-eyed girl finally made her realize what was wrong here.

This group of people was so powerful... Did they really need to steal from small vendors? If the government really wanted to deal with a group of seemingly normal people, why didn't they send the police forces to study the murders that happened today instead of contacting her?

After thinking things through calmly and when her mind finally cleared, the young assassin finally understood everything.

If she managed to kill Bai Zemin's group, then Shan Li would be relieved of a burden since this group of four people had appeared out of nowhere but was already causing some ripples in the base. Ripples that, while still small, could grow in time. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

If she failed and died in the process, then that was fine with Shan Li too. He would even be rewarded by Kang Rong for removing a variant like her, who was strong and was capable of destabilizing the security of high officials.

"Those bastards... They dared to use me and fool me!"

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3