Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Under Evangeline's watchful eye, Bai Zemin walked to a corner of the room and crouched down before starting to remove some candy wrappers and other types of miscellaneous junk. Then, he carefully picked up a few things from the floor and turned around.

"Then, since Nangong Yi and Evangeline will be staying here, it will just be Shangguan Bing Xue, Nangong Lingxin, and me."

Shangguan Bing Xue stepped forward and took some things from his hand.

Nangong Lingxin as well did the same a moment later.

"What is that...?" Evangeline was surprised and confused as she watched the two beautiful women in front of her carefully holding on to some small items. "Toys?"

A satisfied smile appeared on Bai Zemin's face as he calmly said, "I'm glad you think so since that means the others will most likely think that way too."

Then, he walked over to the bag containing the snack food and scattered it on the floor before he started tearing a part of the bag, revealing a well-hidden part at the bottom area.

What is this person doing? Evangeline was dumbfounded.

She assumed that Bai Zemin and the rest had heavy weapons hidden somewhere and that they would probably go and get them before launching an attack. However, all they did was stand there while one of them performed suspicious actions.

However, her questions were soon answered to some extent.

"A gun? No... What kind of item is that?" Again, eyes wide open, the young assassin who had just joined Bai Zemin's faction saw him pull out a strange futuristic-looking gun she had never seen in her entire life from inside the torn bag.

"Now you'll see." Nangong Lingxin replied with a chuckle before leaving the armor and miniature sword in her hands on the ground.

Shangguan Bing Xue said nothing and simply did the same as Nangong Lingxin before taking a few steps back prior to fixing her stare on Bai Zemin.

As for Bai Zemin: he didn't beat around the bush either.

After taking his equipment that had been shrunk by the Epic grade treasure called Infinite Reduction, Bai Zemin placed them all side by side on the ground. However, although it was fine with the armor, shoulder pads, and the rest; when the scabbard and miniature sword came into contact with the ground once again, the ground trembled slightly.

The trembling was extremely small, and a normal person would not notice it. However, Evangeline was not a normal person; she was a powerful First Order soul evolver and an experienced assassin capable of detecting the changes happening around her.

Her face changed slightly when she felt the small movement of the ground and looked at the small "toys" with surprise. She had her theories about it but was unwilling to believe it.

However, she soon had no choice but to accept the reality before her eyes.

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Bai Zemin aimed at the pile of miniature objects and fired three times: once he shot at Shangguan Bing Xue's miniature objects, the second shot was aimed at Nangong Lingxin's objects, the last one was directly in front of him.

Three beams of light similar to a scanner shot out from the muzzle of the gun and the light enveloped the miniature objects for a few seconds. Then, under Evangeline's disbelief-filled gaze, those small objects that looked like children's toys began to increase in size at breakneck speeds.

"Wh-"

Before her beautiful jade green eyes, approximately a dozen pieces of equipment appeared. Armor, shoulder pads, swords, scabbards, wrist guards, etc. There was even a large dark cloak that looked like it had experienced many battles as it had some jagged parts on it.

"Nangong Yi can explain things to you later." Bai Zemin naturally understood the woman's surprise. However, he did not have time at the moment so he could only arrange everything in such a way.

"You two should also prepare yourselves." Bai Zemin instructed as he looked at the two women who would be accompanying him on tonight's raid.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Lingxin nodded simultaneously before they began to move. The two women took their equipment into a separate room and closed the door. Soon, the sound of leather plates, scabbards, and swords crafted from evolved monster materials could be heard from the living room.

Bai Zemin also did the same. He took his things and disappeared into a different room.

The first to appear were Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Lingxin.

One dressed in sky blue leather armor and the other in brown leather armor, the two beauties looked extremely proud and brave as their swords sealed inside their scabbards hung around their small waists.

Actually, Nangong Lingxin was more of a mage than a warrior so she was supposed to have a magic staff instead of a sword. However, Bai Zemin did not know that she had joined the group until after he came out of his confinement. Precisely for this reason, Nangong Lingxin and her brother Nangong Yi could only use normal pieces of equipment; equipment that Bai Zemin had forged in large quantities and had been distributed among 200 brave men who did have the courage to fight the zombies and other melee enemies at the risk of their lives.

About five minutes later, Bai Zemin also appeared in the living room.

The flames had consumed the wood almost entirely so the lighting in the room was quite dim at this point.

"Not bad!" Nangong Yi couldn't help but exclaim as he looked at Bai Zemin standing there.

The constant movement of the small yellow flames was faintly reflected on the black leather armor and the spikes protruding from it. On his back could be seen the hilt that went beyond his height of a giant red scabbard that for barely a dozen centimeters did not touch the ground.

"I will need time to practice." Bai Zemin said as a breeze of cold air blew through the broken windows causing the large dark cloak behind him to wave gently. "Almost ten minutes to equip these things? Even if it's the first time I've seen this kind of stuff it's too long..."

As he lamented and made a mental note, the four people in the room stared at him. Sensing this, Bai Zemin finally couldn't help but feel a little secretly proud.

In fact, he had seen himself before leaving the room so he knew that at this moment he looked really brave and heroic. Besides, the black color of his equipment gave him an air of mystery and danger that naturally attracted stares.

Although Bai Zemin could be considered quite mature for his age, he was still a young man in his twenties. It was absolutely impossible for him not to feel good when three beautiful women were staring at him; even if he didn't know what they were thinking, catching their attention certainly didn't feel bad even though it wasn't something he cared too much about.

"We should go." Shangguan Bing Xue closed her eyes for a moment before opening them once more as she walked outside.

"Yep. Let's finish this quickly and then go to sleep." Bai Zemin followed her.

"I want to sleep in a big comfy bed. But first I need a bubble bath." Nangong Lingxin also expressed her wishes. Although this building had hot water, the shower was not good so she really missed her villa in Beginning Village.

Soon, the three silhouettes disappeared in the middle of the night.

* * *

The weather was quite cold at this time. Even when the Soul Record stabilized the mana that had gone wild as it sensed the approach of this mysterious system to Earth, the temperatures were volatile.

Even if during the day the sun burned fiercely making living beings sweat, during the nights it could become as cold as the nights of the desolate deserts.

Except for a few survivors who wandered the streets like souls in pain apparently unable to even feel the cold that embraced them and with dead eyes and no hope for the future, all were inside their homes.

Three silhouettes moved like ghosts taking advantage of the veil of the night.

The three silhouettes were extremely agile and their movements were undoubtedly inhuman. The speed at which they advanced was such that when they passed by a survivor he or she could not even notice them and the only thing they felt was a gust of wind, colder and stronger than natural, whipping their bodies.

In a very short time, the three shadows had left the western part of the base and without stopping their movements they continued advancing in a southeasterly direction.

Unlike the rest of the base, which was practically in total darkness, the eastern area was very well illuminated. The buildings were extravagant and the gardens luxurious. In addition, security in the area was especially tight as different squads consisting of at least five men could be seen patrolling the area every few minutes.

"I guess the smooth ride ends here." Bai Zemin commented calmly as he stood on a five-story building and looked below it.

Shangguan Bing Xue remained silent without saying a word.

On the other hand, Nangong Lingxin looked at him and asked a little worriedly, "Now what shall we do?"

"Mmm..." Bai Zemin thought about it for a moment but no matter how many turns he gave the matter he failed to come up with a solution. "Even if we are fast, our speed hasn't reached the point of being as fast as light and being undetectable. Even though these troops are composed of only normal men, the human eye will definitely be able to catch our shadows if we're unlucky, and that will attract them sooner or later." DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Not only that." Shangguan Bing Xue added while looking at the surroundings. "Even if you use your skill 'Invisibility' to take out several of them, sooner or later a team will notice that something is wrong and it will only be a matter of time before they start looking for us. After all, this is the privileged area and there are plenty of troops roaming the eastern area."

"Indeed...Aside from these troops protecting the general area, Kang Rong has a large number of men in his village...? So..." Nangong Lingxin seemed to realize something and looked at Bai Zemin again waiting for his confirmation.

"We have no choice." Bai Zemin nodded and took a step forward. His body was dragged by gravity, plummeting off the building. Due to the weight he was carrying, it only took a moment for him to reach the ground.

However, just before his feet touched the concrete floor and caused a rumble, he waved his hand and expending a few Mana points, his descent speed stalled for a split second so that when his body finally reached the solid ground the only sound heard was a tiny thud.

A troop of five armed men patrolling the perimeter zone whose job it was to prevent normal survivors from reaching this area where only the privileged could enter, suddenly stalled as they saw a person appear before their eyes out of nowhere as if he had fallen from the sky.

The wild clothing and appearance as well as the domineering aura exuded by this person's body made the five men instinctively sense danger and they did not hesitate to raise their firearms.

However, before they could even move, the world around them suddenly became completely dark. They all fell heavily to the ground, unconscious.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Lingxin appeared behind Bai Zemin a second later.

"Let's try to knock out as many as we can. After all, these troops might join us soon and the fewer deaths the better for us." Bai Zemin said as he dashed forward and the two women followed a short distance behind. "If anyone shoots or tries to stop us... Just kill them!"

Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Lingxin said nothing and simply nodded silently.

Because security was tight, the group could no longer move around freely. Therefore, after knocking a total of thirty men completely incapacitated and out of action, someone finally reached out and fired a shot.

The sound of the gunshot echoed in the middle of the silent night, attracting the attention of the other guards.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3