Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The group of three led by Bai Zemin had done a wonderful job.

The eastern part of the North Camp was undoubtedly the most secure part of the entire base; even more secure than the outer perimeters of the walls where some mutated beast or zombie could sneak in. After all, this was where the people with real power lived.

With around two hundred men making rounds in groups of several units, the area two or three kilometers around could be considered very safe as each and every one of these men was armed with a rifle or a machine gun. In addition, several snipers with some experience were monitoring the ground from a distance preparing to turn the head of any enemy into a mess of blood.

However, Bai Zemin's group evaded a great part of this tight security.

After knocking out almost ten entire teams to total around thirty men, Bai Zemin together with Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Lingxin moved into the sparse shadows of the trees and carefully advanced deeper into the privileged zone.

Although the three of them were powerful soul evolvers, it was extremely difficult to knock out their current enemies without killing them. After all, there were many things to take into account such as preventing one of them from firing their guns, preventing them from screaming, avoiding being seen by another squadron while carrying out the task, etc.

Unfortunately, luck finally ran out for the group of three before they could reach their target destination. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

A group of four armed men was casually chatting as they walked down one of the lighted streets in the privileged area. The four men did not look particularly worried and their guard was quite low at the moment. From the point of view of these armed men, it was simply impossible for anyone to attack this area unless that enemy had a desire to meet their death before their time.

After all, in the privileged area, there were not only hundreds of armed troops but also dozens of powerful soul evolvers on duty and several more currently resting comfortably in their villas.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue dashed out like two shadows from behind a large bush. The Agility of these two was so high that their targets could not even react before falling to the ground unconscious.

With a considerably lower Agility than Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue, Nangong Lingxin appeared before a male officer dressed in a police uniform and was about to knock him out when something happened that she did not expect.

The man was so scared by the sudden ghostly appearance of a woman that the finger of his hand, which was unconsciously on the trigger of the pistol in his hand, was pressed down. The result was obvious.

Bang!

"Damn it!" Nangong Lingxin couldn't help but curse even though she considered herself quite polite. Angry, she couldn't help but use a little more strength when she slapped the man. The sound of bones rang out in the middle of the night along with the echoing gunshot and the man fell lifeless on the ground with blood pouring out of his eyes, nose, mouth, and ears.

"Prepare to fight." Bai Zemin said calmly.

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded and her blue eyes flashed coldly. The temperature around her suddenly began to plummet as a thick layer of ice formed under her feet.

"I'm sorry." Nangong Lingxin apologized with a miserable expression. She knew that because of her mistake they would now have things more difficult.

"Why are you apologizing?" Bai Zemin looked at her in confusion and said indifferently, "Sooner or later we would be discovered anyway and no matter if it was late or if it was early, the final outcome of this battle is written in stone."

Hearing his words, Nangong Lingxin felt a little better.

"Lead the way. We are looking for that dog surnamed Kang." Bai Zemin waved his hand and ordered in a deep voice.

"Got it!" Nangong Lingxin nodded and moved forward, leading the way since she was the only one among the three who knew the area well. After all, she used to live in this area of the base in the past.

Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Zemin followed Nangong Lingxin calmly. Their footsteps were leisurely and carefree as if they were taking a walk in the park. In no way did they look like people who were about to face a powerful army of armed men and soul evolvers.

The previous shot had alerted the surroundings and soon the whole base was agitated. The nearest men began to move hurriedly to the eastern area and those already there moved to the location of the earlier explosion.

"Stop!"

Less than sixty seconds later, a group of fifty armed men appeared in front of the group of three, blocking the way forward. All of these men carried light machine guns and rifles while some of them only had Type 54 pistols. Dressed in police uniforms, they all looked at the three people in front of them with extreme caution and wariness.

Bai Zemin's group looked extremely brave and powerful with their shining armor and swords.

Bai Zemin ignored these people and calmly said, "Protect yourself and Shangguan Bing Xue. You don't need to worry about me."

Nangong Lingxin nodded and pointed her right hand forward.

When the gunmen saw her raise her hand they thought she was going to attack, so the person in charge immediately ordered to open fire.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The gun barrels roared seemingly endless tongues of fire and a storm of metal rained down on the three people.

Flash!

A multicolored light flashed out from Nangong Lingxin's pearly hand. The multicolored light spread out at several times the speed of bullets and in a moment had become a barrier two meters high and two meters wide.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

The terrifying metal bullets filled with lethal power struck the magic barrier and bounced uselessly before falling powerlessly to the ground, completely collapsed and crushed while the barrier did not even flinch let alone show signs of breaking.

Behind the magic barrier, Nangong Lingxin and Shangguan Bing Xue had indifferent expressions on their beautiful faces. Both women continued to move forward calmly and fearlessly despite facing half a hundred firearms.

"Your skill really is impressive." Bai Zemin couldn't help but praise as he saw how effective Nangong Lingxin's First Order Energy Barrier skill was. It was undoubtedly an incredibly powerful defensive skill.

As for himself... Even though he wasn't being protected by Nangong Lingxin's magic barrier since the bigger the barrier the higher the Mana consumption, the bullets couldn't hurt him in the slightest.

Tink! Tink! Tink! Tink!

When the bullets hit Bai Zemin's body, his Bloodthirsty Wolf Full Body Armor acted like an impenetrable wall, repelling the bullets, causing them to bounce off the surface and fall to the ground without being able to cause him even the slightest amount of pain. In fact, Bai Zemin did not even feel the slightest knockback power at all despite the armor sticking quite tightly to his body.

As for his unprotected head, he simply crossed both arms in front of him and protected 80% of it with the armor protecting his arm area. As for the other 20%, while it caused him some pain, this level of pain was nothing to a person like him who had already experienced the horrors of being burned in life and had already suffered from having his bones crushed into dust.

He calmly moved forward as the women followed close behind.

"Damn it!"

"They're soul evolvers!"

"Where did these monsters come from?! They can even defy bullets!"

...

The gunmen turned pale and began to retreat while shooting bursts. For every step Bai Zemin's group took forward, the gunmen retreated two.

A few seconds later, the fifty or so men ran out of ammunition and turned to flee as they threw their guns to the ground. Although they wore police uniforms, most of them were just ordinary citizens who were recently recruited so they had little courage to fight, let alone against clearly overwhelmingly more powerful enemies.

Bai Zemin and his group did not bother with these people as they did not represent even a small obstacle to them. While they could have killed them all, humanity needed people willing to fight even if it was with firearms.

Besides, since Bai Zemin would soon be taking control of this base, it would be best for him to kill as little as possible. After all, these troops would soon be his.

Several armed groups appeared and tried to stop Bai Zemin's group, but they were all repelled. The smarter ones fled at the first sign of trouble while the "braver" ones decided to fight to the bitter end.

Those who fled were spared by Bai Zemin, but those who continued to block his path despite the constant warnings he gave them were mercilessly slaughtered.

In less than five minutes, a total of approximately two hundred and fifty men were repulsed by only three people without even fighting. Among these two hundred and fifty armed men, approximately seventy of them were killed by Bai Zemin and Shangguan Bing Xue.

Some armed men seemed to realize that the mysterious group of three people did not seem to have the intention of killing those who did not bother them too much so they dared to watch from afar while following them from a distance. Even though these people no longer dared to attack, they wanted to see what was going to happen next.

"Should I kill them all?" Shangguan Bing Xue asked coldly as she looked back and saw around sixty men following them.

She did not have any good impression of this base even though it had only been about seventeen hours since she had arrived here. The level of corruption and cruelty of the high officials had caused even someone indifferent and cold like her to become angry, so she didn't mind killing several people.

Bai Zemin looked over his shoulder and shook his head, "Just ignore them. They won't dare raise their guns against us again unless they actually have air instead of brains inside their heads."

Shangguan Bing Xue nodded indifferently and did not say anything else. She also did not pay attention to the people following them from afar again. In the past, they posed no danger at all, and now that they were low on ammunition, that already non-existent danger had diminished even more if that was even possible.

"Em?" Suddenly, Bai Zemin sensed a slight danger as his passive skill Danger Sense activated. This danger was by no means deadly and barely noticeable, which meant that the incoming attack could only, at most, slightly injure him and nothing serious.

...

On top of a five-story building a kilometer up the street, a woman lay on the floor as she clung to her Barrett sniper.

In the crosshairs of the lens, she watched as a young man and two young women defied hundreds of gunmen as if they were nothing. Even without attacking all the troops were defeated by their presence alone and didn't even suffer a scratch in the process.

"What monsters." The woman whispered in lingering fear.

She was a powerful soul evolver, her current level was 19, but her actual strength allowed her to kill higher level existences thanks to her two main skills. Even a First Order human could be injured by her as humans had weak physiques by nature.

"It's a shame since you ran into me though." The female sniper licked her lips and activated her two attack skills Mana Reinforcement and Ammo Enhancement. Both were Unclassified skills, but with her Barrett, who was even capable of piercing an armored jeep, her power was incredibly terrifying.

"Die, pretty boy." She smiled and pulled the trigger with confidence.

BANG!

A thunderous sound shook the night sky. The power of the shot had been such that the Barrett jerked ferociously as if it would break at any moment while the floor beneath the woman cracked slightly.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3