Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

As Shangguan Bing Xue rose into the sky like a graceful butterfly, Bai Zemin turned his attention back to the eagle.

The eagle was really big, about two meters tall, and with a wingspan of approximately six meters. The beast had two legs covered by what appeared to be a metal coating as they glistened in the moonlight and its approximately half-meter beak seemed to have the ability to pierce through everything.

However, the most striking thing about the monster would be its eyes. The eagle's eyes were bright golden and seemed to have a certain level of intelligence.

Bai Zemin did not know how summoning worked as he himself did not possess a similar skill. However, in his group, there were at least three people with skills that allowed them to summon beasts using Mana as a catalyst to keep them in this world. Luo Ning was one of those people and thanks to her, he had some knowledge about these kinds of beasts even if it wasn't too much.

While summoners were powerful, this was only so because of their summoned beasts. Without them, these mages were nothing worth mentioning as their Strength, Stamina, Agility, and Health stats were generally not too high. After all, as summoners, the most important stats for them were Magic and Mana.

Of course, reaching a summoner was not an easy task as they usually always kept a beast close to them to prevent surprise attacks. However, these summoners had a fatal weakness.

Scree!

The eagle screeched ominously and swooped downward in a dive. With its talons wide open as if to catch its prey, its golden eyes flashed coldly as it glared at Bai Zemin.

Bai Zemin secretly smirked. He raised both arms with his hands stretched forward and met the summoned monster's attack head-on.

Bang!

The ground beneath Bai Zemin cracked and Nangong Lingxin was forced back two steps due to the shockwave. However, when she looked forward she saw that Bai Zemin had not even moved from his place and while his hair fluttered as a result of the wind, a casual and indifferent smile adorned his face.

"Not bad. That attack from before was really wonderful." Bai Zemin praised the eagle, which confused Nangong Lingxin. "By using the falling strength and speed of your summoned beast, the power behind the impact improved by at least 5 times. How about joining me? I assure you that you won't lose your privileges once I control this entire base."

The eagle's eyes flashed with fear. The beast seemed to receive some sort of command as it hastily flapped its wings and tried to retreat. However, Bai Zemin's hands were like two hooks that were unwilling to let it go as no matter how much it flapped, the beast failed to fly into the sky.

The eagle's eyes flashed viciously and noticing that it could not fly away, it suddenly swung its white head forward and pecked straight ahead with all its might with the intention of turning its enemy's head into meat pulp.

"What a pity." Bai Zemin sighed.

His eyes flashed coldly and in a swift movement, he released one of the beast's claws and turned his body 360 degrees as he leaned slightly to the side. The wind whistled past his face and as he completed his turn pointed his elbow outward.

His armor was replete with thorns in the areas that could be used to attack, and the elbow area naturally had a rather sharp and large one. The eagle did not even react when Bai Zemin's elbow struck it on the side of the neck.

The beast opened its eyes wide and let out a pain-filled cry. Red blood and once-white feathers fell to the ground. Just then, Bai Zemin forcefully pulled one of the eagle's legs towards him as he jumped forward with his knee up.

Bang!

[Critical Hit!]

The thorn of the knee together with Bai Zemin's full Strength impacted hard against the eagle's chest. After a second pain-filled cry, the beast fell to the ground in a pool of blood before disappearing from this world forever.

Inside the courtyard, the summoner who was being protected by a red-colored tiger suddenly opened his mouth and spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. The brightness in his eyes weakened and two summoned beasts attacking the ice walls were forcibly withdrawn from the battle.

As a summoner, the mage could focus his senses on a beast and see or hear what that beast saw or heard. In short, this mage heard Bai Zemin's invitation but instead of retreating, he attacked him, which led to the immediate destruction of the eagle.

If the above was an advantage, then one of the summoners' greatest disadvantages was that if one of their beasts was abruptly destroyed before the summoner severed the connection between the two, then he or she would also receive a huge backlash.

"Damn it." That summoner cursed with lingering fear.

"Quan Yang! Call your summoned beasts back!"

An anxiety-filled shout brought the summoner back to reality. When Quan Yang looked ahead, his face turned as pale as a sheet.

Without knowing when, a beautiful immortal fairy-like woman had appeared inside the villa courtyard and was currently fighting against the soul evolvers controlled by Kang Rong.

The problem was that rather than calling this kind of confrontation a fight, perhaps it would be more correct to call it a one-sided massacre. Previously there were about twenty soul evolvers. However, in a few seconds, five of them had already been killed.

The villa where Kang Rong resided was really big and its courtyard even bigger. Shangguan Bing Xue moved nimbly all over the place, facing off against more than a dozen enemies with active skills with no sign of fear on her face.

You should know that fighting soul evolvers was more dangerous than fighting mutated beasts. After all, the soul evolvers not only possessed active skills but also had their intelligence intact.

Just as Quan Yang ordered his summoned beasts to stop attacking the ice walls and return, an ice arrow soared through the sky from a strange angle and pierced into his head.

The summoned beasts roared and a magic circle appeared under each one, being removed from this world as they lost the Magic and Mana support of the summoner.

A man roared loudly and transformed into a werewolf over six feet tall. His muscles swelled to the point where his clothes could no longer contain them, breaking into pieces.

With bloodshot eyes, the man who activated his First Order Werewolf Transformation skill jumped high into the sky, rising over ten meters in an instant. Taking advantage of the force of the Earth's gravity, the man slashed downward ferociously toward Shangguan Bing Xue's head.

Shangguan Bing Xue's gaze grew cold. She pointed forward and the Earth Bracelet on her wrist glowed for a moment as she created an ice wall behind her, successfully stopping several elemental attacks.

A brown magic circle appeared on the ground and an instant later, a thick earth spike shot more than two meters high.

The transformed man's expression did not change and he continued his attack.

Bang!

When the claw collided against the earth spike, the power of impact destroyed Shangguan Bing Xue's attack. However, the man's right hand was also not unscathed as a five-inch bloody hole appeared from which dark blood was constantly flowing out.

The man, enraged by the pain he was feeling, stomped the ground and dashed forward at full speed. His Agility after activating his Werewolf Transformation skill exceeded that of 15 humans before the apocalypse, so one could imagine how fast he was when he moved.

Shangguan Bing Xue activated Ice Maker, which was currently a First Order max level skill, and formed a huge ice shield on the left side of her body.

Bang!

The transformed man's kick slammed into the ice shield and cracks began to spread all over it. However, before the man could feel pleased, he saw the silhouette of the woman in front of him suddenly become blurry for a moment.

The next thing he saw was a flash of sharp light and then he felt a slight pain in his neck. Instantly followed, a red line appeared on his neck and blood slowly began to pour out. The brightness in the man's eyes dimmed, and a second later his head fell to the ground with a thud as it rolled several times before stopping.

[You have received the Soul Power of First Order Yin Kun level 25. Agility +23, Magic +10, Mana +10.]

Shangguan Bing Xue's eyes flashed with a hint of joy. She had already received a total of 61 stat points after killing all these soul evolvers. She was about to continue her massacre when she realized that the attacks on her had stopped. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"No! Even Lord Yin Kun was killed!"

"How can this be possible... So easily..."

Among the soul evolvers under Kang Rong's command, there were weak and strong. Those who were weak barely reached level 5 and the stronger ones like Wang Zedong already had the ability to crush a heavily armed troop.

The man who had just been killed by Shangguan Bing Xue in two moves was Yin Kun, and he was one of the five most powerful soul evolvers that Kang Rong controlled. He was also the second most powerful person present, so all the soul evolvers despaired.

The fourteen or so survivors together did not have much confidence in defeating Yin Kun. This was because the Agility of Yin Kun transformed into a werewolf had reached the point where he could dodge most of the attacks while slowly killing them. Therefore, seeing how the silver-haired woman had killed Yin Kun with her blue sword in a single slash and how she was so fast that even he failed to react, they knew immediately that they would not be able to defeat her and would only be throwing themselves to their deaths if they continued like this.

"Chief..."

"Chief Kang!"

"Please get Lord Shan to move!"

The soul evolvers looked towards the front door of the villa where two people were standing and began to shout anxiously as they kept their guard up against the dangerous woman before them.

At this point, Kang Rong's face was incredibly ugly and all the fat on his body was shaking nonstop. He looked like a large meatball about to explode in anger as he looked at the scene before him.

A third of the soul evolvers protecting his village had already been killed and the armed troops he was proud of were destroyed without them being able to do anything.

In fact, Kang Rong did not know that most of his men did not dare to fight against Bai Zemin's group after seeing how overwhelmingly strong they were. Otherwise, Kang Rong might have spat blood and died on the spot.

"Shan Li... Is this what you were going to report to me?" Kang Rong asked calmly. However, the trembling of his body and the fire burning in his sunken eyes exposed that it was the calm before the storm.

Shan Li didn't know whether to laugh or cry as he nodded, "Indeed... I sent that assassin woman to take care of the job. I thought that if she succeeded, then we would be getting rid of a future headache, and if she failed, then we would also be getting rid of a headache by eliminating a nuisance variant like her. But I didn't expect... Hai..."

Shan Li sighed. But he didn't look frightened in the least as he watched the scene before him. In fact, his eyes had a playful gleam in them and he licked his lips as he looked at Shangguan Bing Xue. She seemed to exude a strange aura brimming with a charm that shook his male hormones to the max; extremely strange but real.

Kang Rong took a deep breath and forcibly calmed down. Seeing that Shan Li was not nervous, his nerves also disappeared.

After all, his strongest fighter was by his side.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3