Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When the enemy soul evolvers suddenly lost all will to fight against her, Shangguan Bing Xue sneered. She waved her hand gently and the several ice walls erected by her at the entrance to the villa courtyard collapsed in an instant.

Bai Zemin and Nangong Lingxin walked into the courtyard with leisurely steps and stopped beside Shangguan Bing Xue amidst the pools of blood formed from the blood of those who were killed before by the ice princess.

Nangong Lingxin looked at the surroundings, and although she already expected something similar, she couldn't help but be taken aback. She even saw the head of a powerful soul evolver on the ground; after all, Nangong Lingxin had been part of this group in the past so she easily recognized Yin Kun.

"Nangong Lingxin!"

Two surprised voices sounded at the same time.

Shan Li and Kang Rong seemed to forget the existence of Shangguan Bing Xue, who had just overwhelmed an entire group of soul evolvers, and they completely ignored Bai Zemin. The two men's gaze was instantly fixed on Nangong Lingxin from the first moment she appeared within their line of sight.

"It's been a week since we last saw each other, Kang Rong, Shan Li." Nangong Lingxin smiled elegantly and looked at the two men in front of her calmly.

If Bai Zemin and Shanngguan Bing Xue did not know the history between the two parties they might even have thought that this was a group of three friends meeting after a long time without seeing each other.

Of course, although Nangong Lingxin's reaction was seemingly casual, the same could not be said for the other two.

"Bitch!" Kang Rong burst out in fury as he pointed toward her nose and cursed loudly, "After I gave you and your family a place to live inside the walls of my camp this is how you pay me back?! You treacherous f*cking whore!"

Nangong Lingxin's expression grew cold. In the past she had never been treated in such a manner, and from the moment she became a powerful soul evolver her pride towards her existence naturally increased; even powerful people beyond all sense like Shangguan Bing Xue and Bai Zemin treated her with due respect. How could she tolerate a fat useless man talking to her like that?

"Treacherous? Me? Don't make me laugh! Watch your words, you ungrateful pig! Do you forget all the contributions my brother and I have made to this corruption-ridden base?" Nangong Lingxin sneered, the anger in her voice obvious to anyone who would listen. "But not only did you not thank us, you even let that good-for-nothing of your good son try to force himself on me with a bunch of scumbags! If it wasn't for my brother, do you know what situation I would be in? Who is the treacherous one here I think we are all clear!"

"My son... Right, where is my son Kang Hong?!" Kang Rong seemed to realize something and suddenly became livid. He ignored most of Nangong Lingxin's words, dismissing them as nothing but air. "Nangong Lingxin! Don't you dare lie to me, or otherwise-!"

"Otherwise, what?" Nangong Lingxin interrupted coldly. Her lips curved upward slightly and she said in a sarcastic tone, "Will you order your armed troops to attack me? Or maybe you'll have your evolved dogs attack me as a group? Why don't you give it a try then? This time I'm not alone and take my brother's place to see your head roll on the ground tonight!"

Nangong Lingxin would never forget how she was almost raped in the past and how her father was fatally wounded as she and her family fled south. If not for her brother and Bai Zemin's group, she and her only two family members would have met an extremely miserable fate because of Kang Hong. However, the main culprit of it all was undoubtedly Kang Rong for allowing such things to happen!

If there was one person Nangong Lingxin could never forgive no matter what it was the man in front of her.

Kang Rong's eyes widened and he bellowed: "Didn't you hear my question?! I asked you where my son is! Answer me or I'll be sure to break your legs and throw you on the streets of the west side of the base for the lowest hobos to turn you into the lowest bitch!"

If it were in the past, Nangong Lingxin might have been frightened by such a threat. After all, although Kang Rong didn't have any real power, he was a very smart person and with different tactics managed to control several soul evolvers without losing control over the firearms and cops subordinate to him before the apocalypse. However, things were very different now.

But just as she was about to say something, another person interrupted.

"Hey, pig. Are the beds in your villa comfortable?"

Kang Rong was taken aback as the sudden intromission was too abrupt. For a moment he didn't know what to say and looked in white at the young man wearing black armor and a huge sword behind his back.

Why did he want to know if the beds in his villa were comfortable?

"Who are you?" Kang Rong asked with a grim face.

He would temporarily put the matter of Nangong Lingxin aside and deal with the two strangers. He would have plenty of time to make that woman pay for what she did.

Bai Zemin frowned slightly and activated Second Order Blood Manipulation silently.

Cough!

Kang Rong's face turned pale and he clutched his chest tightly as he was forced to cough out a mouthful of fresh blood. The pain he felt sent him back a few steps and had it not been for Shan Li hurriedly supporting him he would have fallen straight to the ground.

"You've been acting as if you're the king of the world and to be honest you've already become a pest." Bai Zemin said coldly and ordered indifferently, "Now you only have two choices. Give up and die quickly or continue fighting, which as a consequence will give you such a gruesome death that you can't even imagine. Choose."

It had already been over a month since the Soul Record changed the Earth forever. From day 1, Bai Zemin had been high in power and had gradually grown accustomed to speaking in an imposing tone of voice when he wanted something.

The current him was a world away from that normal college student and could easily be compared to people with great power before the apocalypse as far as noble aura was concerned.

The only reason he had not killed Kang Rong was because if he could get him to surrender, it would be easier for Bai Zemin to take control of the armed troops he controlled. However, his patience was running out after listening to Kang Rong's arrogance and insults.

In fact, Shangguan Bing Xue did not even say a word and did not even look at them. She looked up at the night sky and seemed disdainful of looking at, let alone talking to, the two men in front of her.

"Chief." Just as Kang Rong was about to fly into a fit of rage, Shan Li's voice sounded beside him in a whisper, "I think that silver-haired woman is not the leader, on the other hand, that young man... I even feel danger when my eyes meet his."

Shan Li was a powerful soul evolver of level 35, quite close to Shangguan Bing Xue's level. In the past, he and his family were saved by Kang Rong, which led him to obey and protect him as thanks for this deed.

Shan Li was not only powerful, but he was also quite intelligent. But the problem was that when he looked at the young man with black armor and a big red sword behind his back, Shan Li felt that his probability of victory did not necessarily exceed 50% since just now he could not even see how Bai Zemin attacked Kang Rong even though he was by his side and everything was happening before his eyes.

Hearing this, Kang Rong's face turned even paler and disbelief flashed in his eyes. He was aware of how powerful Shan Li was, so hearing that even he had no confidence in defeating the young man in front of them, the surprise Kang Rong felt could be imagined.

"As for you." Bai Zemin looked at Shan Li and shook his head, "Even though you are strong, you will have to die. It was you who sent Evangeline to attack us today, wasn't it?"

Although Shan Li was stronger than Evangeline, Bai Zemin knew that the beautiful assassin with mixed blood would definitely not forgive him after knowing that she was tricked and almost killed by the other side's schemes.

From Bai Zemin's point of view, Shan Li might be more powerful; but his value was far less than Evangeline's in his eyes. This was because Evangeline would soon be following him wholeheartedly, but getting Shan Li to follow him without further thoughts would be more difficult than ascending to the heavens since he seemed to be quite close to Kang Rong.

Therefore, although it was a shame, Bai Zemin's murderous intent towards Shan Li only grew more and more. A powerful soul evolver like Shan Li could cause a huge commotion if Bai Zemin allowed him to escape today.

"Lord Shan! Let's fight them together!" Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"That's right! With you here, I refuse to believe that these three people can cause any more troubles!"

Two soul evolvers stepped forward; a man and a woman.

In the past, the two of them had seen Shan Li make a First Order beast kneel down as if it was waiting to be sacrificed for him. Although the silver-haired woman had left a great impression on their minds, to them Shan Li was a supreme existence that had helped them evolve.

"Noisy." Bai Zemin looked coldly at the two who spoke.

The man and woman froze in their tracks.

Bang! Bang!

Before the two soul evolvers could say a single word, their bodies swelled rapidly before exploding. Warmblood splattered everywhere and flesh along with incomplete limbs flew through the air before falling to the grass and dyeing its color to red.

"When I gain control of this base, you will be able to work for me. Those who oppose me or who dare to raise their hands against me... Will be mercilessly executed!"

Bai Zemin's cold voice was brimming with domineering attitude and the expression of the twelve soul evolvers froze. None of them doubted what the young man was saying as previously they did not even see nor could they comprehend how their two comrades suddenly exploded into a bloody mess.

The armed men watching from afar also did not dare to do anything even though Kang Rong was cornered. Most of them were just survivors who had recently been recruited into the armed forces and the reason they were fighting was so that they could live a better life. Why would they be willing to sacrifice themselves for someone else? Not to mention that most of them had never even seen Kang Rong once in their lives as they only received orders through an intermediary.

Shan Li's face became serious and he took a step forward as he said, "Although we had a dispute with Nangong Lingxin and her brother in the past, that has nothing to do with you. As for the matter of tonight's assassination, I apologize for that. Why don't you join us? I know you are strong, but I am strong too. If we both fight, who lives and who dies is not clear... Why don't we put the problems of the past behind us and focus on a better tomorrow? With you and me being the core, the power of the general base will increase tremendously and we can all live better lives as well as secure a better future for ourselves!"

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3