Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

As they walked through the corridors of the huge villa, Yi Fang felt that she was living in a dream; a dream from which she would prefer not to wake up if possible. If everything she was seeing and everything that was happening before her eyes at this moment was nothing more than a fantasy produced by her own despair, then she was willing to lose herself in this warm world rather than return to the cold and cruel reality.

Luxurious corridors, beautiful and respectful maidens, vases made of ceramics whose egocentric designs attracted the eye, paintings sparkling with life...

For Yi Fang, who came from an ordinary family before the arrival of the Soul Record on Earth and whose life became a living hell after her husband passed away, leaving her alone with her young daughter and without any power to protect them both, everything that was happening here was beyond what she could have ever expected.

Unconsciously, this single mother looked at the two people walking in the front, following closely behind the two beautiful young maidens dressed in elegant French uniforms, and gratitude filled her tear-filled eyes.

"Mom, why are you crying? Are you sad?"

"Mom is crying out of happiness, Feng Feng."

Yi Fang hugged her daughter's small body tightly in her arms.. For the first time, her fluttering heart was able to receive some warmth, and she began to calm down to think about the future.

Future... A foreign word to her.

She, who didn't know if she could survive another minute and who was trying her best for the today, the word future, the tomorrow, was nothing but a luxury. For Yi Fang, who already had her hands occupied with the present, tomorrow was too distant to think about.

But now she could finally breathe. All thanks to the fact that life had put the two young people in front of her in her hopeless path.

Innocent about her mother's thoughts, little Xiang Feng curled up like a kitten in her embrace and murmured, "Mummy... I'm sleepy."

The little girl was not worried about the luxurious place. At this point, what she longed for most was a warm bed and a soft pillow on which to rest comfortably.

Bai Zemin looked behind him over his shoulder and instructed one of the maids, "One of you guide the two ladies to a room on the second floor."

After taking over Kang Rong's villa and suppressing his forces, Bai Zemin locked him in the cellar temporarily while Nangong Lingxin and Shangguan Bing Xue headed west of the base to search for the mother and daughter duo, Nangong Yi, and Evangeline.

Because Xiang Feng was comfortably asleep after spending cold days in a broken wooden hut without even a proper bed, she slept with delight until she was awakened by her mother to the little girl's disappointment. It was only after she learned that they were moving to a nicer house that the little girl's curiosity overcame her anger and she agreed.

However, she finally could not beat the sleep. After all, at the age of 10, Xiang Feng was in the middle of growing up and at her age children needed a lot of sleep to replenish the energy their bodies consumed during the growing process.

A pretty maiden of about 29 years old stopped and bowed respectfully before approaching the mother and daughter duo, "Madam, please this way."

Yi Fang was not used to being treated this way, so she said nothing and nodded slightly with a complicated look. Before leaving, she looked at Bai Zemin and asked cautiously, "As for us..."

Bai Zemin looked at her and said calmly, "You can start working as my maid from tomorrow. Of course, if you are not satisfied, you can look for a job in a few days when everything is properly settled."

Hearing this, Yi Fang let out a sigh of relief and said with a smile, "I am willing to work for you, young Bai. Thank you very much for all you have done for me and my daughter."

Bai Zemin waved his hand and said nothing more.

The reason he helped was because he really couldn't handle the pain-filled look in Xiang Feng's innocent eyes and that was it. Now it was Yi Fang's turn to start working. After all, Bai Zemin was not interested in keeping a woman he had no particular feelings for.

Soon, Yi Fang left with her sleeping daughter in her arms under the guidance of the beautiful maiden.

As they walked down the corridor on the second floor, Evangeline sighed, "You've really did it, and in such a short time."

Before she had seen Shan Li's head, so there was no doubt that it was all real. Bai Zemin, Shangguan Bing Xue, and Nangong Lingxin, had left under the veil of night to launch an offensive against Kang Rong. Thirty minutes after they left, the two women returned to tell them that it was all over and that they should move east of the base.

"Well, they were all weak." Bai Zemin replied calmly. "That man named Shan Li was a bit strong, but I have a skill that practically allows me to overwhelm any human being or intelligent creature... Not to mention that his stats were far below mine."

Shangguan Bing Xue shrugged her shoulders. In fact, it had all been quite easy from her point of view. She hadn't even consumed 1/10 of her total Mana as she had finished everything in a few seconds with several swings of her Frozen Winter Sword.

The maiden leading the way ahead could feel her lips involuntarily twitch a couple of times as she listened to the conversation behind her. The surprise in her heart increased once again.

When Bai Zemin's group, which consisted of five people including him but leaving out the maiden, reached the end of the corridor, they were greeted by a lineup of ten beautiful maidens. All of them had their unique charms but without a doubt they could all be considered the flower of the harvest even before the world changed, not to mention now that beautiful women were a rarity because due to poor nutrition, 99% of them were starting to have malnutrition problems and their previously white and smooth skins started to turn a bit yellow and dry.

"This Kang guy sure knew how to live life." Nangong Yi sighed as he watched this.

Although he was 40 years old, as a soul evolver near level 25, he was still vigorous as a young adult before the apocalypse. Therefore, it was impossible for his heart not to sting a little when he saw so many beautiful women.

Shangguan Bing Xue glanced sideways at him and her blue eyes flashed with a hint of coldness, sending a chill down the spine of Nangong Yi, who hurriedly coughed and looked away.

Bai Zemin chuckled at this but did not comment on it.

Everyone knew that Shangguan Bing Xue did not tolerate men very much and any impertinent comment was enough to agitate her. In fact, except for Chen He who already knew what he may and may not say, and Bai Zemin himself who had fought alongside her in countless battles, gaining a certain level of comfort with her, no man could chat with the ice princess for more than a few words before fleeing in the face of her coldness.

The maid who was leading the way stepped forward and said respectfully, "Sirs, ladies, this is the main bath of the villa. In addition to this one, which has a large pool, there is also a bath on the upper floors. However, the size of these is roughly half the size of this one and their facilities may not be as luxurious in comparison. I don't know if you..."

After a battle, it was natural for warriors to want to enjoy a comforting hot bath. This had been the case since ancient times and had not changed in the present day.

The reason this maiden said such words was because she did not know whether they, two men and three women, wanted to shower all together or not.

"Someone take me to the bathroom on the top floor." Shangguan Bing Xue unconsciously ordered coldly. She naturally understood the maid's question.

The maid shuddered briefly before nodding hurriedly. She seemed to have a certain prestige among the maidens as they all seemed to listen to her. As to whether this was because her age was quite mature or not, Bai Zemin did not know. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

"Ruo Lan, take the ladies to the third floor and show them the location of the bath." The maid instructed. "Make sure everything is in order and that everything is of comfort to the ladies."

The woman named Ruo Lan stepped forward and bowed respectfully before gesturing for Shangguan Bing Xue, Nangong Lingxin, and Evangeline, to follow her.

"Don't have too much fun." Nangong Lingxin chuckled and followed in the footsteps of the maid named Ruo Lan. Before leaving she even winked at them as if she understood something.

Evangeline did not say a single word. Her expression was cold and her jade green eyes attentive to the surroundings as she followed the maiden.

Shangguan Bing Xue, on the other hand, paused for a moment. She glanced at the lineup of beautiful maidens before her gaze fell on the bodies of Bai Zemin and Nangong Yi. She coldly snorted and walked away, leaving behind her personal scent similar to that of a young wild jasmine.

Bai Zemin forced a smile and was quite speechless as he said, "Apparently, this woman assumed things on her own."

"Huh?" Nangong Yi looked at him dumbfounded and said in confusion, "We're not having fun then?"

This time it was Bai Zemin's turn to look at him dumbfounded. After a moment, he put on a serious expression and said in a deep voice, "Let me tell you something. If you want to sleep with a woman, it will have to be by mutual agreement, or else you know the consequences. Besides, if you want to sleep with the women who will be working in my house, you had better be prepared to take care of them."

Nangong Yi's expression froze for a moment before he said, "I say, Bai Zemin, do you think I'm a perverted old man or something? Although I do have my needs like any normal man, I have never in my life forced myself on any woman nor do I plan to do so. Much less knowing that my head will roll on the floor moments later. Besides, all the women I sleep with are about my age and none of them are even close to my sister's age. What kind of person do you think I am?"

"As long as you understand." Bai Zemin nodded in satisfaction.

The maidens who were quietly listening to the conversation finally realized who the person with real power in this group was. Moreover, many of them let out sighs of relief unconsciously since apparently the young man in front of them did not seem to be someone evil or twisted-minded.

Soon, the two large wooden doors opened wide and the sight of the bathroom entered Bai Zemin's eyes.

The bathroom was entirely made out of marble. Its interior was clean and bright.

In the center was a huge pool 10 m in diameter, and in the middle of the pool was an artificial rock formation from which hot water was pouring out. Steam rose between the walls and the scent of fruity soap seemed to find its release when the doors opened.

Bai Zemin carefully grabbed his sword and put it down on the ground. This thing weighed around 1 ton, about the weight of a lot of normal vehicles, and if it fell abruptly the marble floor would definitely be destroyed.

Soon, two beautiful maidens approached him and looked at him with shy eyes.

One of them, about 21 or 22 years old, said in a whisper, "Sir, let us help you undress."

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3