Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Although the amount of time Bai Zemin had spent together with Lilith since the apocalypse broke out and his life completely changed was more than the time he had spent with anyone else, he still couldn't get used to such a dazzling beauty as hers.

The charm surrounding her was simply too overwhelming for a First Order existence, and Bai Zemin had no doubt that if it wasn't for her holding herself back, he could become her puppet in a second.

Snapping out of his trance, he looked away slyly and yawned, "I guess it's time to go to bed. Although I'm not afraid of drowning here, it's not like I can fall asleep for the rest of the night in the bathroom."

"Yup Yup. We should go to bed quickly~" Lilith giggled softly and her pearly teeth peeked slightly between her hot red lips.

Bai Zemin rolled his eyes and said in a stiff tone, "Anyway, can you go out or do something about it? I'd like to dry off..."

At this moment, Bai Zemin had a towel around his waist.. However, the water had made the towel stick to his body naturally, so the area of his crotch would be distinguishable when he stood up. Even if there was still the cloth covering the skin, Lilith was a woman he respected after all, and he didn't want to disrespect her in any way.

"Oh. About that..." Lilith thought about it for a moment and tilted her head to the side in a cute way before saying in a sweet voice, "Just ignore my presence... You can do your business without worrying about me."

The corner of Bai Zemin's mouth twitched continuously as if he had a nervous twitch when he heard what she said, and for a moment he was at a loss as to how to react to it.

He was supposed to stand up and then casually remove his covering, standing naked like when his mother brought him into this world, in front of a woman? Wouldn't that be a little too weird? After all, while it was true that Bai Zemin trusted Lilith and even considered her a good friend, the relationship between them had not reached that point, had it?

However, seeing that she seemed to be serious, Bai Zemin also stopped overthinking and stood up.

Lilith did not act naughty this time. She looked at him with her red eyes as bright as the most beautiful gem in the creation and her pure gaze did not stray to the lower half of his body. She continued to look at him curiously and simply seemed to want to see what kind of reactions he had.

Unfortunately for Lilith, Bai Zemin's expression remained calm and indifferent like most of the time. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He even casually took off the towel that was barely doing anything to hide his body and began casually drying himself before finally putting on a bathrobe to cover his body.

"Let's go then?" He looked at her and gestured towards the door.

"Let's go then." Lilith floated slightly and stopped a step short.

Bai Zemin opened the doors and headed to the top floor under the guidance of a maid who was still waiting for him outside.

Meanwhile, Lilith was following him closely but the maiden did not know about her existence. Her feet were still bare and their perfection was such that sometimes they seemed to be shinier than the marble floor counteracting its purity.

* * *

Northwest zone of the base.

While Kang Rong controlled practically 100% of the power in the south, Lu Yan controlled that same much in the north.

The two men used to get along relatively well in the past despite their differences as they knew that neither could defeat the other without suffering greatly; which forced them to coexist. However, after Lu Yan's only daughter was almost taken advantage of by Kang Rong's trashy son, the subtle relationship between the two men finally broke down when Lu Yan demanded him to hand over his son, which Kang Rong naturally refused.

Kang Rong had no family, and the only thing he had left in this world apart from the power he had earned after much scheming was his son Kang Hong. Whatever his son did, Kang Rong would always be there to support him even if the heavens fell.

Unfortunately, it was precisely this that caused Kang Rong to be taken down by Bai Zemin's group, because if not for Kang Hong forcing the Nangong family into a corner, Bai Zemin, who was aiming for the south of Yanqing District, would definitely never move in a northerly direction; which would lead him to find this camp of survivors.

Inside a luxurious three-story villa, the lights were practically completely on even though it was already close to 2 am.

The outdoor courtyard had many high-powered spotlights that illuminated the perimeter not only inside, but also two kilometers around the grounds. There was not even a shadow except those that were simply impossible to hide from; such as that of human beings in motion.

There were no armed men present, however, this did not mean that the place was devoid of life. On the contrary, there were many humans around. They were all-powerful soul evolvers and the count had reached approximately eighty of them.

The atmosphere was extremely tense at this time, and the faces of the usually confident soul evolvers had a tinge of fear on them as they cautiously looked at their surroundings. They reacted to the slightest hint of sound as if a prehistoric beast was about to make its appearance.

Inside the living room of the villa, a man who looked to be about 40 years old with several white hairs adorning his dark mane was drinking a cup of hot coffee. His face was quite handsome despite his age, and his body looked quite in shape. However, at this moment there was a slight frown between his brows, making it known that there were things bothering him even though he looked so calm on the surface.

Next to the man was a young woman of about 18 years old. She could be considered quite pretty. Although she was not an outstanding first-rate beauty, her silky hair down to the middle of her back and her small pure white oval face created a strong contrast to each other. Her duck yellow dress gave her an extremely sweet appearance, and even though her body did not seem to be fully developed yet, it could be seen that when she fully grew up she would be a real peach.

The man was actually Lu Yan, who was actually 50 years old but thanks to purifying his soul by absorbing the Soul Power of other beings he looked younger than he really was.

As for the innocent-looking pretty young girl next to him, she was his daughter Lu Xiaoyao.

"Xiaoyao, why don't you go to your room? It's already late, and it's not good for a young lady like you to stay up late at night." Lu Yan put down the half-empty coffee cup on the glass coffee table in front of him and looked at his young daughter with eyes filled with tenderness.

"Father, you don't need to insist anymore. Since I said I would accompany you in hard times, I will accompany you even if I can't do much:" Lu Xiaoyao shook her head without hesitation.

Lu Yan could only force a smile at his daughter's words. She was usually sensible and listened to him, but when it came to matters that were really difficult and his safety was at risk, she would become a stubborn person unwilling to give in no matter what.

Lu Yan's wife and Lu Xiaoyao's mother had unfortunately been unable to resist the wave of mana that assaulted her body during the first day of the apocalypse, so she transformed into a mindless zombie.

Similar to Kang Rong, Lu Yan only had his daughter at the moment, and she was what he cherished most in his life. It was precisely because of this that when he learned that his daughter was almost abused by Kang Rong's son, Lu Yan did not hesitate to break off all relations with the other side and even stir up several troubles whenever the opportunity arose.

If not for the fact that the strength between the two sides was quite similar and it was difficult to know who would come out as the winner, Lu Yan would have already risked everything to seek revenge. However, he could not do that until he was completely sure. After all, if his forces were defeated, his precious daughter might end up suffering a fate more miserable than death.

Lu Yan was always looking for an opportunity to deal a fatal blow to the faction of Kang Rong. However, Kang Rong was also a cunning fox who did not show his tail, leaving Lu Yan with his hands raised in the air without being able to lower them.

But things seemed to be different tonight.

Until about two hours ago, the sound of gunfire reached from the southeast of the privileged area to the northeast, so Lu Yan was immediately alerted by his men, who informed him that a group was apparently launching an offensive directly against Kang Rong's villa.

Unfortunately, the distance between the southeastern and northeastern areas was more than a dozen kilometers, so Lu Yan had no way of knowing what was going on there since that area did not belong to him and any approach could cause really big problems.

Until now, he had been waiting for an answer.

Suddenly, the sound of hurried footsteps came from outside and Lu Yan's expression changed slightly before returning to normal.

Apparently, the answers to his doubts had finally arrived.

Moments later, a robust, muscular man who looked like a walking tower walked into the living room. This man was wearing a military uniform that didn't fit him too well because of his oversized arms, but the terrifying glint in his eyes told anyone that his muscles weren't the only thing terrifying about him.

This person was Lu Yan's most powerful soul evolver and his number 1 trusted man, his name was Yan Tu and this year he was 38 years old.

"Boss Lu, young miss." Yan Tu bowed slightly to Lu Yan and nodded towards Lu Xiaoyao.

He had been taken care of by Lu Yan in the past, when he was nothing more than a poor bastard left to fend for himself in the world, one who had lost everything. Then, with Lu Yan's help, Yan Tu managed to evolve properly and then continue to evolve even further until finally reaching where he was today.

"Hi hi, Uncle Yan." Lu Xiaoyao smiled sweetly. She had known Yan Tu since she was little, so it could be said that they got along quite well.

"Yan Tu, any news about what happened in the southeast of the base?" Lu Yan went straight to the subject since it was what concerned him at the moment. He unconsciously brought the cup of coffee to his mouth and emptied it in one gulp.

Yan Tu's expression was a little weird as he said in a somewhat stiff tone of voice, "Kang Rong... That fat greaseball was actually destroyed."

Bang!

Lu Yan could not control his strength and the glass cup in his hands was shattered as a look brimming with disbelief glittered in his eyes that grew wider and wider with each passing second.

"Father!" Lu Xiaoyao was also shocked when she heard the news. However, seeing her father's hand bleeding after being cut by the broken glass, the girl was frightened and couldn't help but scream out loud.

Lu Yan did not seem to hear his daughter nor did he seem to notice the blood on his hand, nor did he seem to feel any pain at all. Slowly he stood up and asked with difficulty, "You... Yan Tu... Just now... What did you say...?"

Yan Tu scratched his head and said still stiffly, "Kang Rong is finished...?And apparently, this was all done by only 3 people."

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3