Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Three people...

The last words pronounced by Yan Tu echoed in the air for what seemed like an eternity as the father and daughter pair stood stupefied.

Lu Xiaoyao might not know the exact level of power that Kang Rong controlled, however, she was naturally aware of the vast amount of forces that her father commanded. Precisely because of this reason, she could have a rough idea of how strong Kang Rong and his faction were.

Since her father, who loved her more than his own life and cared for her as if she were a baby, had not yet moved against Kang Rong, then Lu Xiaoyao, who was a smart girl, naturally concluded that her father did not have enough power to wipe out the father and son pair under the surname Kang.

Simply put, the power her father controlled was roughly equivalent to that of Kang Rong.

However, Yan Tu had just said that only three people defeated Kang Rong, who was under the protection of hundreds of soldiers and dozens of powerful soul evolvers....

Lu XIaoyao could not believe it. She jumped up from the expensive leather couch she was sitting on and shook her head while exclaiming, "Impossible! Uncle Yan, are you sure you're not making a mistake? How can three people take down Kang Rong's forces in such a short time!"

It wasn't that Lu Xiaoyao didn't want to believe it, it was that she simply couldn't do it!

"Yan Tu, are you sure about this?" Lu Yan asked in a deep voice. Even for himself, it was hard to believe what he had just heard despite the fact that he already knew that a person like Yan Tu would never say empty words.

No matter how much Lu Yan wanted to dismember Kang Rong and his son into a million pieces because of the bad experience his precious daughter Lu Xiaoyao went through, he knew how strong the other party was, or else he would not have stood idly by without being able to do anything until today.

Yan Tu forced a smile and raised both hands as he said in confusion, "Boss Lu, to be honest... Even I find it hard to believe. Even under the protection of so many men, Kang Rong was captured alive while Shan Li was killed on the spot."

"What?!" Lu Yan lost his composure this time. "Shan Li didn't flee, but was killed?!"

Shan Li.

An extremely scary man with the ability to control the gravitational force within a certain area, affecting whoever he targeted. This man was actually the main reason why Lu Yan did not dare to attack Kang Rong until now. Because Yan Tu and Shan Li had secretly exchanged blows several days ago but neither of them managed to get the upper hand over the other.

In other words, the strength of both of them was quite similar even if they were holding back unless one of them was hiding a terrifyingly strong skill.

But such a person was killed?

"Tell me everything you've learned. I want details, everything you know." Lu Yan took a deep breath and his voice became tiresome.

Yan Tu nodded and sat on the s couch opposite Lu Yan's, and was about to start narrating when Lu Xiaoyao interrupted while looking at his father's severed hand, "Father, Uncle Yan. Please wait a moment. First, we have to treat the wound on your hand."

She waved to a maid and ordered the maid to get a soul evolver to treat her father's wound.

The maid returned shortly thereafter with a rather thin and not too striking man. In fact, his current appearance was more on the ugly side as there were several acne marks on his face.

"Chief Lu, Lord Yan, young Miss Lu." The man's voice was a bit hoarse and judging by his red eyes, it was obvious that he was sleeping but was awakened in the middle of the night.

Yan Tu nodded slightly and remained silent.

On the other hand, Lu Xiaoyao immediately pointed to his father's bleeding hand and hurriedly said, "Quickly, use your skill to heal my father!"

When the man saw a maiden cleaning the broken glass, he naturally understood what happened. However, seeing the few drops of blood falling to the floor and the superficial cuts on Lu Yan's hand, the corner of his mouth twitched several times.

He was woken up in the middle of the night and instructed that he needed to treat Chief Lu Yan for a wound, so he hurriedly left the warmth of his bed and half-dressed to run here. Little did he expect to encounter... This kind of "wound".

"Sorry for the trouble, Wan Jian." Lan Yu forced a smile and sighed in his heart. Such kind of wound would be fine with some alcohol and some gauze but his daughter made so much drama for nothing. Still, her care for him was genuine so he couldn't complain about it either.

"Don't worry. It's my job after all." The man named Wan Jian naturally understood the situation. In any case, his only job was to heal when it was required, and in return, he enjoyed great luxury treatment so he couldn't complain even if he was woken up at such early hours of the morning.

Soon, a white light glowed in Wan Jian's hand. That ball of light flew to Lu Yan's hand and a second later, the wound stopped bleeding.

Lu Xiaoyao took a wet towel brought by a maid and wiped the blood from her father's hand. Her eyes lit up as she saw that there was no trace of wound present.

Lu Yan's wound was just too insignificant after all. Even if he was just a normal human instead of a soul evolver, a single activation of Wen Jian's skill was all that was needed to heal it.

"Great!" She exclaimed.

Wen Jian looked at Lu Yan and said through tears and laughter, "Chief Lu, if there's nothing else you need, I'll go back to my place."

Lu Yan nodded, "Thank you for everything, just like always."

Wen Jian was the only healer in the whole base. Even Kang Rong did not have a person capable of healing. Wen Jian's skill was the same skill as Kang Lan's, Lesser Healing; that's how rare healers were. Among more than 5000 survivors in total, only 2 had the power of healing.

After Wen Jian departed, the maidens again retreated from the room and closed the doors behind.

"So, Yan Tu. Can you start now?" Lu Yan asked with some anxiety in his voice.

Lu Xiaoyao also had a serious expression on her face and all her attention was focused on her hearing, not wanting to miss anything she was going to hear next.

"Yes." Yan Tu nodded and began to explain everything he knew. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It turned out that because the southeast was an area that belonged to the counterpart, Lu Yan's group could not approach to avoid trouble. Moreover, tonight the southeastern area was especially hectic and Kang Rong's troops even abandoned the safety of the walls and the rest of the base to move quickly there.

All this made Lu Yan unable to send anyone as he did not want to get involved in a war against an unknown group that was brave enough to attack one of the most powerful people in the whole base, and to top it off, in his own house under the security of a large armed troop and evolved men.

However, when Kang Rong was overthrown and his troops defeated, everything became easier.

Yan Tu spent a large amount of supplies to pay one of the officers who had been on the scene from the beginning, so he easily found out the whole truth and how the events happened.

After he finished telling what he knew so far, Yan Tu continued, "The person who told me all this definitely couldn't be lying unless he had been brainwashed with a skill. The fear in his eyes and the astonishment in his voice as he narrated the events can't be faked, and even if it can be, I don't think such a thing would slip past me."

Lu Yan's expression remained unchanged as he listened to everything. He lowered his head and plunged into deep thoughts without commenting on it.

"Father..." Lu Xiaoyao muttered in a low voice as she looked at her only family with worry.

Everything she had just heard seemed to be straight out of a horror story, a fantasy told by a five year old child.

If everything Yan Tu said was really like that, then the strength of the other party was just colossal.

A beautiful woman whose body was incredibly seductive with a powerful barrier capable of blocking thousands of bullets regardless of their caliber.

Another woman as beautiful as a fairy even more terrifying than the previous one with the ability to make ice out of thin air, whose agility was as fast as that of ghosts, and with a sword prowess as high as that of movie experts. This woman's power was such that she even defeated one of Kang Rong's most powerful soul evolvers with a single swing of her sword and pushed dozens of soul evolvers into a corner with her presence.

On the other hand, there was also a young man dressed in black who from start to finish never used his weapon.

He only showed his power near the end, when the group of three finally reached Kang Rong's villa. More precisely, when fighting Shan Li.

Lu Xiaoyao did not know how strong Shan Li was, but she knew that Yan Tu was very powerful. However, Yan Tu had once told her that his chances of defeating Shan Li were no more than 60%, and even if he won, killing him would be more difficult than ascending to the heavens.

But such Shan Li was completely overwhelmed and crushed. The confrontation between that young man and Shan Li could not be called anything but total suppression.

Able to control the blood of the dead, monstrously high physical strength, intelligence and brilliant thoughts: this was the way the officer who reported everything he had seen to Yan Tu described that young man.

The details were not too much since the eyesight of the officer, a normal human, naturally could not follow the speed and movements of first level soul evolvers. Besides, it was obvious to assume that this person had also missed many things that happened in between.

But only what they knew was enough for Lu Xiaoyao, as smart as she was, to realize that a tiger even more terrifying than Kang Rong had emerged.

After a long time, Lu Yan sighed and looked at Yan Tu before asking without much hope, "Do you have confidence in defeating these people?"

Normal firearms were clearly useless against this group, and the camp had no heavy weaponry or military vehicles with strategic power. Lu Yan could only rely on the soul evolvers under his command.

Yan Tu smiled bitterly and shook his head, "Don't joke, Boss Lu. If that guy really did kill Shan Li... Regardless of whether it was as easy as that officer described or not, the fact that this person had the power to make Shan Li, who could become swift after activating his skill on himself, stay there forever... That alone is enough to know that I can't defeat him."

Lu Yan was briefly stunned before a bitter smile grew on his face. He looked at the records imprinted into his soul and said without knowing whether to laugh or cry, "I just received something good a few hours ago but apparently I'll lose it even before I can even taste it."

Among his records, there was one that awarded him with the Lower Leader subclass.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3