Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A/N:

* = quite naughty actions

** = non-penetrative intercourse

*** = sex in its entirety

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Southeast zone of the base, privileged area, current residence of Bai Zemin's group.

Unlike when Kang Rong was in charge until a couple of hours ago, the vigilance of the village had dropped to historic levels. Not even a single armed militant could be seen in the vicinity and all the soul evolvers on duty hours had no choice but to return to the walls despite their hesitation.

In the main room on the third floor of the villa, where Kang Rong previously stayed, Bai Zemin was speechless as he watched the scene in front of him.

Right after he came out of the bathroom, he was guided by a maid to the most luxurious room in the villa, which was, of course, where the former leader slept. The sheets had been changed as well as the bundles for the pillows, and the clever women had even turned on a few air fresheners.

.

In fact, by the time Bai Zemin entered the room, not even a single trace of Kang Rong's existence was there. This left him very satisfied and he praised the maid who led him here, telling her to pass his words to the rest of the team as well.

The problem came right after the maid closed the door behind her and retreated.

"Lilith?" Bai Zemin uttered the name of the existence he was looking at with eyes filled with surprise.

"Mm? What's wrong?" Lilith replied. Her voice was rather lazy, which added yet another tinge of seductive charm to her natural self.

"What's wrong...?" Bai Zemin scratched his head before sighing and pointing out in exasperation, "That's my question, woman. What are you doing?"

"You mean me? Of course, I'm getting ready to have a good night's sleep~" Lilith smiled charmingly and her eyes narrowed like those of a seductive fox as she said in a tantalizing whisper, "Can't you see for yourself?"

At this point, Lilith was no longer wearing her elegant black one-piece dress. Instead, she was currently wearing a purple nightdress with wild vine-like embellishments of lace in the bosom area, leaving a slight tantalizing neckline that showed little but enough to stupefy anyone. Her slender arms and beautiful smooth legs were completely on display as if tempting people to feel their softness, shining under the moonlight that penetrated the thin curtain material of the large window next to the king-sized bed.

This was the first time Bai Zemin had seen Lilith show so much skin, and it was also the first time he had seen her wearing anything other than her signature deep black dress.

Bai Zemin's gaze did not stop at the slight cleavage of her breasts, nor did it stop at the prominent area of her chest. On the contrary, his eyes moved automatically as if guided by something to her legs.

Bai Zemin might be a young virgin, but he had seen many women's bodies as well as anyone had. However, he had to admit in his heart that Lilith's legs were the most beautiful he had ever seen in his entire life.

Standing close to them, he could see that the skin of those long legs was as white as a snow lotus growing on high mountains without a single flaw and was smooth as the finest silk in the world. Her two long legs joined perfectly to her soft and delicate waist, and Bai Zemin couldn't help but want to reach out to touch from thigh to ankle.

As expected of a succubus. Bai Zemin thought silently before withdrawing his gaze with great effort. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Charming little monster, what do you think you're doing?" said Bai Zemin grimly.

"I'm just trying to tempt you. Why? Are you mad? Furious? What can you do about it?" Lilith didn't beat around the bush and directly admitted her goal. She was like a little pig that wasn't afraid of boiling water and instead of a temptress she looked really cute right now.

"Pfft..." Bai Zemin couldn't stop a small laugh sneaking out from inside him as he saw the arrogant gaze of the woman in front of him and all his nervousness suddenly seemed to vanish into thin air.

Under Lilith's analyzing eyes, Bai Zemin went to his personal bag and took out some clothes. Then, seemingly without a care in the world, he took off his bathrobe and began to put on some comfortable clothes to sleep in.

"Kya~ Such a brave person! So wild!" Lilith clapped her hands as she looked at Bai Zemin's body from top to bottom. Her red eyes had a predatory glint and a slightly dangerous aura emanated from her body.

"Little brother Zemin, you have a truly great body considering that you are barely in the First Order. The charm of your body is even superior to that of many Third Order existences." She murmured softly and licked her lips as she said with a hint of expectation in her voice, "I can't wait to see the day when you break the chains of time... No, even sooner than that. At the rate you're absorbing the Soul Power of existences stronger than you on a constant basis, when you reach Third Order or even before that, your charm will probably reach a level quite appalling for a Lower Existence, comparable to that of Higher Existences! Are you sure you're not secretly a charming demon like me?"

A charming demon like her? Bai Zemin was speechless as his movements stalled for a moment. He actually found it amusing to be called something like that, for while he had even realized that he effectively could no longer be called average, he was pretty sure that Lilith had seen good-looking and charming existences beyond what he could imagine.

Therefore, he simply ignored much of her words and continued dressing.

After a few more seconds, Bai Zemin finally finished putting on some underwear and athletic pants. Even with his torso bare, he looked at her speechlessly for a long time before saying, "Have you no shame? Even though you're just a virgin succubus..."

Lilith laughed out loud at Bai Zemin's words. Her boobs, which were perhaps a little too big, jiggled violently struggling against the tight binding of the lacy nightdress that restrained them as if they were protesting and demanding to be released.

This little fox... Bai Zemin secretly swallowed as he peeked a couple of times.

"If you have no shame, why should I have shame?" Lilith pointed out with a happy smile, "Since we're both virgins, then let's get along~!"

"Kek... I'm not arguing with you anymore, you little minx." Bai Zemin grimaced and walked to the right side of the bed as he pulled on a T-shirt. He opened the feather-filled quilt and after lying down on the soft silk sheet partially covered himself all the way down to his lower abdomen.

The night had become especially cold on Earth since the arrival of the Soul Record. Bai Zemi didn't know if this was happening all over the world or not, but even for the soul evolvers, the cold wind was a bit intolerable. This was also something that worried Bai Zemin a lot since they were supposed to be in spring considering their current location, so how horrendously low will the temperatures be in autumn, and, worse yet, how terrifying will the frosts be in winter?

"Good night." Bai Zemin sighed with exhaustion and leaned over slightly to turn off the light from the lamp on the bedside table.

The luxurious room would have been completely dark had it not been for the faint reflections of white light that the natural moon provided to the nighttime world.

"Em?"

Suddenly, Bai Zemin felt the bed move slightly and the sheets rustled in a particularly seductive and striking manner. Before he could react, he felt a svelte but curvy body leaning partially against his own and his breathing stagnated.

"Li... Lilith... You..." Bai Zemin could barely speak haltingly.

How could he keep his composure? On his firm chest, he could feel a giant ball that felt as soft as milkweed and just below it, stuck to his right arm, a second giant ball with a slightly different shape due to the weight of the other one.

"I'm cold~ Would you be so cruel as to push away a beauty in the midst of such temperatures?"

Bai Zemin heard Lilith's whisper as her warm breath hugged his right ear. Her voice was as sweet as the most beautiful melody and the faint floral scent escaping from her red lips completely overwhelmed him. However, before he could say anything, something else that pushed him even further over the edge happened.

Lilith, apparently not satisfied, lifted her right leg slightly and laid it gently on his leg. Then, as if teasing, she began to move her smooth bare thigh temptingly slowly upward, tracing the contour of the surface of his leg carefully as if she wanted to feel its shape in its entirety, barely stopping just at a dangerous area, just inches away from his manhood.

Bai Zemin sucked in a big breath of cold air and his dark eyes glittered with a touch of savagery in the midst of the obscurity.

He could practically feel the entirety of the woman's body next to him.

Her slim, firm abdomen without excess fat, her two soft breasts that while not colossal were certainly considerably bigger than average, the silky smoothness of her bare thigh, he could even feel the body heat of every part of her existence.

Even though he was properly dressed, even though she was wearing a thin nightgown to sleep in, the thin material of the two pieces of clothing did little and nothing to cover what the mind could make out from as close a distance as the two of them were.

Just before he went out of his mind, Bai Zemin opened his mouth and bit his lips so hard that they cracked slightly until red blood began to slowly trickle out. Awakened by the pain of the self-inflicted wound, he finally regained some consciousness.

Pa!

He raised one of his hands and roughly slapped the firm, fleshy ass of the naughty woman next to him.

"Ah!" Lilith looked genuinely surprised as a cry of disbelief escaped from her now wide open mouth.

"You... You dare to spank me...?" She muttered in shock before saying, "You know I can now spank you to death, don't you?"

Bai Zemin gritted his teeth and raised his hand high in the air again.

PA!

"AH!"

Because Lilith had always contained all her Soul Power to the minimum possible within her existence, more so when she was together with Bai Zemin, her stats were not monstrously high. Therefore, Bai Zemin's spank made her scream so loudly that probably all those residing on the third floor heard it as well as the sound of the slap.

Lilith reached a hand back and felt the warmth of her right cheek that was still trembling softly from the clap. She murmured, "You have definitely left a red mark there... The mark of your hand and fingers..."

Bai Zemin snorted seemingly unperturbed and said earnestly, "Let's see if you'll learn to behave now, you little minx."

In his hand, he could still feel the fleshy firmness and tenderness of Lilith's ass. Her ass was big and her cheeks were meaty as well as soft to the touch. Although her nightclothes was in the way, the nightgown was so thin that it could be ignored.

Lilith also snorted and said as if she were a bullied child, "Just wait. I'll make you regret for what you've done today!"

"Ha! Who is afraid of whom?" Bai Zemin didn't seem to agree with her and refused to be inferior.

Lilith said nothing more. Pouting lovely, she was well-behaved and settled properly on the bed to go to sleep. However, she still clung tightly to his right arm, hugging him while her head rested tenderly next to his shoulder.

Bai Zemin secretly let out a huge sigh of relief. Fortunately, she understood his difficulties and stopped teasing him... Feeling the hardness in his crotch, a bitter smile automatically formed on his face before finally closing his eyes to go to sleep.

Surprisingly, contrary to the speculations of Bai Zemin, who believed that he would definitely not be able to fall asleep all night due to the charming beauty beyond all sense lying beside him, it only took a couple of minutes for his senses to shut down and enter the land of dreams.

In the midst of the darkness, Lilith's red eyes flashed with a complex light and seemed to hesitate as she murmured, "I really... I like you more and more..."

Her words faded as her breathing became steady, indicating that she had also traveled to Dreamland.

None of the two knew that while they slept, a relaxed smile had slipped onto their faces unconsciously.

While sleeping, Bai Zemin also fulfilled one of the requirements to evolve the skill Stone Heart. Except that he wouldn't know it until the next day.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3