Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin had his own reasons for doing what he did.

One of these reasons was that he did not want trouble. Usually, many conflicts arise as a result of people underestimating other people. Such issues could easily be avoided if one side showed a slight part of his or her strength, not too much, but enough to warn the other side that he or she was not someone to be messed with easily or they would have to bear the consequences.

Now that the other side was looking at him with a more serious expression and any possible disdain that might exist disappeared, Bai Zemin smiled in apology mode and said with apparent honesty, "I apologize for my previous joke. I just wanted to confirm how many of you were soul evolvers and which one was the strongest."

The corner of Lu Yan's mouth twitched a couple of times as Yan Tu secretly rolled his eyes.

Who are you trying to fool, kid? That excuse is too bad! The two men thought to themselves but didn't say it out loud.

"Don't worry, don't worry." Lu Yan nodded quickly before looking at his daughter and asking if she was okay..

"I-I'm fine..." Lu Xiaoyao took a deep breath, finally calming down a bit. Her face slowly began to regain its natural color tone, healthy white instead of that sickly paper white, and her lips gradually began to turn pinker. However, her inner fear was still lingering as she looked at the young man in front of her as if he were a demon.

"Then, may I know the reason why distinguished guests like you are looking for someone nameless like me?" Although he said those words, Bai Zemin looked directly at Lu Yan, the leader of the three guests, with a slight smile.

In fact, Bai Zemin already had a theory about why Lu Yan came here today, and he was 99% certain that his theory was correct.

"No kidding, young man...."Lu Yan stopped himself when he wanted to say something else, realizing that he didn't know the name of the person he was talking to.

"Oh, my bad." Bai Zemin also realized his fault and apologized as he said, "Sorry for the delay. My name is Bai Zemin, the leader of this group. You may directly refer to me by my name."

"Then that I will do." Lu Yan did not beat around the bush and looked at him severely before saying in a deep voice, "If I may ask, may I know how much time your battle against Shan Li took?"

Lu Yan looked intently into his eyes as if to see if he was lying, but Bai Zemin kept his eyes straight and his conscience calm. This made Lu Yan sigh before muttering to himself, "So it really was like that then."

Shangguan Bing Xue and the rest looked at Lu Yan, who suddenly seemed to have fallen into deep thoughts. Everyone was waiting for his next words.

After about a minute, Lu Yan raised his head again and looked at Bai Zemin with a relaxed smile, "Bai Zemin, can you tell me about yourself and your group?"

"All right." Bai Zemin nodded and began to tell honestly.

Not only about himself and the group of three that accompanied him, but he also talked about his faction in the south and the reason why he came here. It was a rather simple summary so about five minutes later he finally stopped.

Lu Xiaoyao had a look of utter surprise as she looked at Bai Zemin. She could not believe that this young man and the people beside him were leading a survivor camp that numbered over 2000 people. Unconsciously, she looked at Shangguan Bing Xue and Nangong Lingxin, comparing herself to both of them. Unfortunately, it did not take her long to realize how inferior she was when compared to the two women in front of her; who were close but at the same time seemed so distant.

Not only were they both more beautiful and with better bodies, but they were also strong and with real power. She, on the other hand, could only rely on her father's efforts to live a good life.

In itself, there was nothing wrong with such a thing; for each person survived as best he or she could. However, Lu Yan was not always going to be there. Lu Xiaoyao knew this, but only now did she begin to realize that her thoughts were too naive.

If her father was gone one day, then what would become of her? Would she end up starving to death in a corner? In some zombie's mouth? Or worse, would she end up abandoning all pride and dignity, willingly becoming someone else's plaything? The mere thought made her young heart panic and she unconsciously clenched both fists tightly until her knuckles turned white.

On the other hand, Lu Yan didn't seem too surprised. Apparently, he had somehow already expected such a thing. After all, even if one was strong there were many things that could not be done alone. In this world, unless one was an omniscient and omnipresent existence, one would definitely need the help of another existence to survive.

"Since that's the case, I would like to apply to join your faction." Lu Yan finally decided.

Shangguan Bing Xue looked at him and her blue eyes glittered unnaturally. Her lips curved upward slightly and she couldn't help but think that the old man in front of her was actually quite an intelligent person, unlike the pig who was locked in the basement of the villa without seeing the sunlight.

Bai Zemin was not surprised by the apparently sudden decision Lu Yan took. He nodded calmly and remarked, "Being honest, it would be better for all of us if you team up with me. With the Lower Leader subclass as a reward, I will not allow another person to rise in power regardless of how small the overall strength boost is."

Lu Yan smiled bitterly and nodded. In fact, if he were Bai Zemin, then he would also do the same. Unfortunately, since the other side's power surpassed him, he could only try to gain as many benefits as possible.

Since Bai Zemin had been honest with Shangguan Bing Xue and the others about the Lower Leader subclass earlier, neither she nor the Nangong siblings were surprised or confused to hear it.

He continued, "Since you have decided to team up with us, then naturally I will not mistreat you. I can assure you that all your private properties will remain yours and I can also give you a good status within my faction once the power ladder and social pyramid is duly completed." 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Since Lu Yan had surrendered without a fight, Bai Zemin could not be stingy and take everything from him. Otherwise, in the future, it would be difficult for him to win wars that could have been won without fighting and unnecessary deaths. Even if in the future he ruled over all of China, his honor would be stained with dirty water and no one would trust him for anything.

Therefore, it could be said that Lu Yan's move was really smart.

Sure, Bai Zemin could refuse and conquer everything by force. But doing that would only lead to valuable soldiers dying. Besides, this was not Beginning Village, having a person with established prestige like Lu Yan helping him set everything up would make things much easier for him.

"However." Bai Zemin's voice became serious and he said in a deep voice, "Let me tell you that the path I am trying to forge with the help of my team is not as simple as you think. My goal is absolute control!"

"Absolute control...?" Lu Yan repeated his words and for some reason felt his heart sink.

"Absolute control." Bai Zemin nodded and said calmly but with a voice brimming with heroic spirit, "To rule over China and become the king of a new dynasty, then advance northward to conquer the lands of Russia... At least, those are my short-term goals."

Hssssss

Lu Yan, Lu Xiaoyao, and Yan Tu sucked deeply cold air into their lungs as they looked at the young man sitting on the couch with incredulity.

Even the maidens standing nearby waiting to serve any need that might arise looked at Bai Zemin in shock.

The king of a new dynasty? Conquering the lands of Russia?

Such huge goals in his eyes were only short-term goals?! Except for those who already knew this from before, the rest of those present felt as if the world around them had been turned upside down.

Bai Zemin calmly continued, "Now, do you still want to join me? If you decline, I can still guarantee you a good social position in my faction. However, that is all. You will have no real power and your troops will be reorganized by me without asking your opinion. Your choice."

If Lu Yan and the rest could not do so much, then they were of no use to him. Bai Zemin's goals would only grow with time and the difficulty of forging a completely new path that no one had ever walked before would increase more and more.

This was only the beginning, the initial stages, the easy part.

The really hard part was still far from the beginning, let alone seeing an end.

* * * * * * *

Okay. 3/3 chapters today as promised because I only uploaded 1 yesterday.

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3