Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

After killing Kang Rong, Bai Zemin wrapped the man's corpse in a cocoon of blood using his skill and carried it out of the village before casually handing it over to an armed militant who had previously obeyed the dead man's orders.

The armed militant was naturally panicked when he saw Kang Rong's corpse, but last night he had seen the young man's power in front of him so without saying a word, he carried the body to a pickup and disappeared beyond the streets of the privileged area.

As to whether the corpse was properly buried, thrown into a gutter, or abandoned near a forest for the mutated beasts to devour; Bai Zemin did not care.

At this moment, he was sitting in the driver's seat of an all-terrain vehicle that was parked in Kang Rong's village.

Lu Yan, Lu Xiaoyao, and Yan Tu returned to the villa of the Lu family. Bai Zemin ordered Lu Yan to gather the team leaders of his troops since as the new leader of the North Camp, he needed to make himself known to everyone.

At his side was only Nangong Yi. Nangong Lingxin and Shangguan Bing Xue remained in the villa trying to use the satellite radio to establish contact with the Beginning Village. Although direct communications were practically dead due to the influence of the world's mana, if one knew the exact frequency of another satellite radio then there was a possibility of establishing contact as long as the distance did not exceed a certain range.

.

This was something that was carefully studied by an intelligence team in charge of studying the limitations and changes of mana in the means of communication. This team was only composed of 5 people so far, but they were all very smart with brilliant ideas and, in fact, they had already discovered that cell phones had not stopped working completely... It was just that the distance between two cell phones had to be less than 100 kilometers or the call could never connect.

"By the way, you apparently had a lot of fun last night." Nangong Yi said out of nowhere, breaking the silence inside the vehicle. He didn't seem at all worried about what happened with Kang Rong several minutes ago; on the contrary, he seemed relieved now that one of the people guilty for his father being on the verge of death 1 week ago had finally settled.

"Em?" Bai Zemin frowned slightly and without taking his gaze off the road, asked, "What do you mean?"

Nangong Yi rolled his eyes and said casually, "Come on man, it's just you and me here."

Bai Zemin's expression sank a little and he asked in a deep voice, "Nangong Yi, what the hell are you talking about?"

"For heaven's sake." Nangong Yi rolled his eyes again and said as if it was obvious, "You think no one heard that woman's cry last night? I could have sworn everyone in the villa heard it."

That woman's cry? Bai Zemin was dumbfounded.

What the f*ck was this dude talking about?

Nangong Yi sighed and said with a tone of envy, "That sensual cry brimming with surprise and amazement really was something else. Even though my physical body improved a lot after my Soul Power became purer, I still can't make a woman moan like that."

Bai Zemin was speechless. He really had no idea what the hell the man sitting in the passenger seat was talking about.

Wait a minute... A sensual cry in the middle of the night brimming with surprise... An idea popped into Bai Zemin's mind and the corner of his mouth twitched a couple of times.

He coughed to clear his throat and said in a weird tone of voice, "Just out of curiosity but... That cry you're talking about came right after the sound of a slap?"

"Aha! So you finally admit it!" Nangong Yi clapped his hands happily before his face turned sour as he said, "However, you really are something... Well, considering how you hate men who abuse their power to take advantage of women, I assume that maid willingly crawled into your bed? Too bad, such a thing didn't happen to me in the middle of the night."

Nangong Yi looked really sorry that he was not visited in the middle of the night, however, Bai Zemin really didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

He forced a smile and as he entered a dirt road on the west side of the base, he said, "Actually, it's not like you think. Although there was indeed someone in my bed last night, nothing like what you are imagining happened and that sound was actually a slap I gave that person for being naughty and not letting me sleep." F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Of course, what Nangong Yi was talking about was the hard spanking Bai Zemin gave Lilith for not behaving properly; especially the second spanking which was especially hard.

At the time he hadn't given it much thought, but apparently, the walls of the villa were not very thick since even from the far rooms the sound of flesh hitting flesh could be heard.

In fact, at that moment, due to the erotic situation he was in, Bai Zemin couldn't even think about the soul evolvers having enhanced senses.

Nangong Yi had a smile that any man would understand as lewd on his face as he said, "Yeah right.... Just a slap. Just you, Shangguan Bing Xue, my sister, and I were the ones who came to this place. What other woman could sneak into your bed to act naughty? I'm sure Shangguan Bing Xue wasn't."

"Are you an idiot? If I had really slept with a woman I would say it straight out. Do I have to explain to anyone what I do in bed? It's really not like you think." Bai Zemin really wanted to clear up the misunderstanding.

While he didn't care what anyone thought of him, the reality was that the woman they were talking about was Lilith, and he didn't know how he would react if heard strange rumors about her even if others didn't know who the mystery woman was.

"Eh? Now that you mention it..." Nangong Yi stopped laughing for a moment and the next instant he was speechless. "Really... Really not?" He asked again just in case as he looked at Bai Zemin with wide eyes.

"That I don't, dammit." Bai Zemin sighed and stopped the vehicle outside a ramshackle house that was too close to the walls for the survivors to dare approach.

As if unaware that the vehicle stopped, indicating that they had arrived at their destination, Nangong Yi didn't know whether to laugh or cry as he said, "F*ck its mother.... And here I was thinking that...Uh?... Hahahaha!"

He suddenly seemed to think about something as the next instant he started laughing out loud as if he found something hilarious.

Nangong Yi's mood was very good after Kang Rong died, so he unconsciously acted less bound in front of Bai Zemin. To begin with, he was always a man who said things straightforwardly and with nothing to hide, so he was not afraid to get along badly with the young man at his side.

Although Nangong Yi and Bai Zemin had only known each other for around 3 or 4 days so far, during that time a lot of things happened and the 40-year-old man came to understand quite a bit about the kind of person the 20-year-old was.

"What are you laughing at now?" Bai Zemi growled.

He had to admit that he thought quite highly of Nangong Yi. Even though the age difference was about twice as much, Nangong Yi was the type of person that Bai Zemin liked the most since they weren't usually the type to plan behind your back to stab you later. He preferred to approach people who were a bit clumsy but straightforward rather than people who were too smart.

"Hahaha... No, well... If this was really all a misunderstanding as you say, then you might suffer undeserved injustice." Nangong Yi stopped laughing but even so, Bai Zemin could see how he seemed to be struggling not to burst out laughing again.

"Undeserved injustices?" Bai Zemin frowned before shaking his head and saying in an exasperated voice, "Forget it, man. Let's get to work."

He didn't care about any of this business anymore. As long as people weren't spreading false rumors, which could make Lilith feel bad or uncomfortable, then that was enough. As for him, he didn't care what others thought of him; it wasn't as if he had to explain to anyone what he did or didn't do anyway.

After saying those words, Bai Zemin got out of the car and Nangong Yi followed him after shaking his head and sighing.

Because this place was on the outskirts of the area protected by the base's defensive troops, this particular courtyard was in extremely deplorable condition, to say the least. Not only did the house look like it was about to collapse at any moment; the wooden fences were broken and rotten, but there were also broken bags everywhere, and an extremely unpleasant odor in the air.

"What a foul smell." Bai Zemin remarked with a frown on his face. Even for him, it was hard to bear the rancid smell in the surroundings.

"Well, that makes it a good place to hide valuables, don't you think?" Nangong Yi commented as he covered his mouth and nose with his forearm.

"Let's go." Bai Zemin hurried his pace and entered through the place where the door was supposed to be before; a door which had practically been ripped off and casually pushed aside.

The interior was so bad that even homeless people would not want to live in it. Not only was it covered with old cobwebs, but there were also damp cardboard boxes with musty walls.

Swoosh!

Suddenly, from a dark corner of the house, a shadow leaped forward and bit fiercely toward the neck of Nangong Yi, who had entered right after Bai Zemin.

"Scram!" Nangong Yi barked in surprise and punched forward without holding back.

Bang!

The Strength-charged right fist impacted against the shadow's head, making it explode into a bloody mess with bone fragments and encephalic matter all over the floor. An extremely rancid smell joined the already putrid odor of the surroundings, making the situation even worse.

Nangong Yi looked at the rat the size of a human head and was speechless.

Bai Zemin chuckled and as he walked to the back of the ruined house, he commented, "But I must say, this place really is good for hiding valuables, just like you said. That Kang Rong was smart. Not only is this place beyond the safety zone which prevents survivors from approaching, but it's also in bad condition and monsters can sneak in by jumping over the walls so anyone who carelessly approaches could end up dying miserably."

"That old man really was cunning." Nangong Yi shook his head and sneered, "Too bad for him, he had a son who led him to his doom."

Bai Zemin said nothing as he knew that even if Kang Rong didn't have a trash son it was unlikely that things would have ended much differently than they did.

"Should be this one."

Coming to a corner where there was a small hole in the floor, he stomped down fiercely and the wood exploded into thousands of tiny fragments.

As the distressed wood timber that was practically perfectly camouflaged with the rest of the broken floor was crushed by Bai Zemin's foot, a staircase to the underground appeared before the sight of both of them.

Obviously the staircase had been built recently as well as the underground in general as not only a large iron staircase had been placed, but there was even a switch near the second step and, surprisingly, after turning on the switch, light bulbs flickered for two or three seconds before everything lit up as if a second sun had been born underground.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3