Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Bai Zemin dashed like lightning, leaving the forest in no time and arriving in the city where the base was located not long after.

As he flashed at full speed through the less-traveled streets, the survivors who were only normal human beings felt a massive gale of wind rushing past them. The only thing they could make out with great effort was a shadow for a split second that appeared in front of them before the shadow faded away.

Some of them were frightened and ran away to their homes, while others who had already seen the greatness of the soul evolvers naturally related this phenomenon to a mighty warrior passing through the area.

Fortunately, no one associated what happened with a monster attack; which was completely natural considering that for a monster to sneak into the center of the base it first needed to get through the numerous defensive lines and guard checkpoints.

Another thing that Bai Zemin rejoiced in was that while his Blaze Scale Greatswoord weighed about 1 ton, which was basically equivalent to a car, it wasn't as if every step he took made the ground tremble as if a tyrannosaurus rex was walking around. After all, it wasn't as if cars made the earth shake every time their wheels rolled and Bai Zemin's control over his body was practically perfect, being able to control how the weight he carried affected his surroundings.

A little less than five minutes after he left the forest, Bai Zemin arrived at the entrance to his current villa in this base. Even when he stopped for a while to have a conversation with Lilith in the forest he still managed to somehow arrive within the time limit he informed to Shangguan Bing Xue before she cut off the communication.

.

As he calmly walked inside, Bai Zemin could already perceive various presences inside his villa that differed from the auras of Evangeline, Shangguan Bing Xue, Nangong Yi, Nangong Lingxin, and the rest of the people living here including the domestic maids.

However, he was already quite familiar with the aura that exuded from the souls of these people. Although Bai Zemin felt it was puzzling how he could so freely sense the Soul Power of others, he had no answer for this so he could only temporarily put it aside.

When he arrived in the living room, the first thing that greeted Bai Zemin was the big smile on Fu Xuefeng's face. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The slender young man was wearing the dark brown leather armor that Bai Zemin had forged for him and was currently chatting happily with a pretty girl of about 23 years old.

This girl was Fu Shuren, Fu Xuefeng's older sister, whom Bai Zemin accidentally met four nights ago in the big marble bath.

Apart from Fu Xuefeng, there was also Kang Lan present. She was wearing a platinum-colored light leather armor that had been forged using the leather and pelt of the First Order Platinum Ape that Bai Zemin had defeated a few days before finally forging a path to the university's exit.

In addition to Fu Xuefeng, Fu Shuren, and Kang Lan, there were also the Nangong siblings and Shangguan Bing Xue present.

Basically, Fu Shuren aside, all those present were people who had fought together quite a few times as even the Nangong siblings who had joined the group a little less than 2 weeks ago had fought their share of battles when Bai Zemin was still forging equipment inside his workshop.

In short, the atmosphere was quite intimate as regardless of whether some had more affinity or trust with someone else than with the rest, it was true that everyone had at least a certain level of respect and appreciation for each other.

Even Shangguan Bing Xue, who was just sitting there quietly without talking to anyone, looked quite at ease with the current situation.

"Hey, Bai Zemin." Nangong Lingxin finally noticed his arrival and called out to him.

Everyone else stopped what they were doing and looked towards the entrance of the living room. At the sight of him, except for the ice princess's always indifferent and hard-to-analyze face, they all revealed slight smiles on their faces.

Bai Zemin carefully left his sealed greatsword in the scabbard leaning it against the wall and walked towards them with a small smile, "Kang Lan, Xuefeng, I see that the two of you haven't been slacking off during this time."

Kang Lan chuckled and nodded, "I'm currently at level 25, the same goes for Fu Xuefeng. We both received our breakthrough mission to get our first job and finally become First Order existences."

"That's great." Bai Zemin nodded with genuine joy on his face, since the stronger they become, the stronger he would indirectly become. "What job did you choose? Do you need help with that?"

Although it was impossible for him to kill or weaken the enemies she needed to defeat, Bai Zemin could help her devise strategies and plan the best way to succeed without having to go through so many dangers and headaches in the process.

However, Kang Lan shook her head gently and said, "Actually, that's not necessary temporarily. The job I chose is called Venomous Healer and the evolution requirements are a bit strange but I think I can accomplish most of them on my own. I'll probably need you to help me with the final requirement later though."

"Venomous Healer?" Bai Zemin was genuinely surprised. There was no way this kind of job was a normal one just based on its special name.

"Indeed, it is a special job. Even though it's not a unique job, the path of this human named Kang Lan will be brilliant as long as she doesn't die in the process." Lilith's voice rang in his head and confirmed Bai Zemin's theory as if she knew what he was thinking.

After thinking about it for a moment, Bai Zemin realized that so far, Kang Lan had learned three active skills through scrolls; one of these skills was focused on healing while the other two were attack skills with poisonous or corrosive properties. Therefore, that the work Venomous Healer appeared within the evolver options Kang Lan could choose from was not too strange.

"That' s not the only thing." Kang Lan smiled with a hint of pride and continued, "I just need to complete one more requirement to evolve Lesser Healing to Second Order. In fact, evolving this skill is one of the requirements needed to obtain my job Venomous Healer."

Bai Zemin was very happy about this and praised her again. The Lesser Healing skill was the skill he most appreciated from Kang Lan, and she was naturally aware of it; therefore, she had been working hard on her own and every time she went out on an expedition she would strive to find the necessary "ingredients" for the skill to grow steadily.

After chatting with Kang Lan for a while more, Bai Zemin finally turned his attention to Fu Xuefeng. The young man had been looking at him with a serious expression from the moment he walked into the room, so it seemed that he wanted to tell him something important.

"What's wrong with such a serious face?" Bai Zemin raised an eyebrow and asked curiously, "Shouldn't you be happy to be reunited with your sister?"

Fu Xuefeng stood up and directly bowed 90 degrees to Bai Zemin. Without straightening his posture, he said in a voice a little choked with emotions, "I am! I am very happy that my big sister managed to survive to this day without experiencing too much hardship! However, more than anything else I feel most grateful towards you, big brother Bai."

Fu Xuefeng was the only person who called Bai Zemin that way among his subordinates. Even though he only did it when they were alone or when they were among people they trusted, it showed that at the very least, the two of them were close enough for that much.

While Bai Zemin and the others looked at him with serious expressions, Fu Xuefeng continued without raising his head: "Back in college, when we were stuck in that gymnasium with practically no hope, it was you who gave me enough courage to stand up and fight. It was thanks to you that I gained the power I possess today, and to say that it was you who gave me this life would not be an exaggeration. But now... I have not yet been able to repay the previous debt when another debt of equal or bigger magnitude was born. If not for big brother Bai finding my big sister, she..."

Everyone could hear how genuinely excited Fu Xuefeng was. Joy, admiration, gratitude, and countless other emotions filled his voice in the midst of his speech.

Bai Zemin chuckled and waved his hand gently as he calmly said, "You don't need to talk anymore, Xuefeng. If you really feel grateful as you say, then you already know what to do, don't you?"

Fu Xuefeng finally raised his head to look at him. He straightened his back and his black eyes glittered with resolution as he swore, "Even if the president of China himself appeared in front of me and you want me to kill him, my dagger will never hesitate!"

Bai Zemin didn't know whether to laugh or cry as he heard the words of the 19-year-old in front of him.

The president of China? Bai Zemin shook his head secretly. Fu Xuefeng's thoughts were too naive if he believed that his ambitions and goals were so small. Since his highest goal to date was to help Lilith in whatever she wanted, then he was naturally prepared to fight against God himself or Satan himself if necessary.

As for the president of China, in Bai Zemin's eyes, he was nothing but a fart.

Still, he naturally understood what Fu Xuefeng meant. For a 19-year-old like him who came from a normal family just like Bai Zemin, the president of a world power like China was like a god among human beings; the fact that Fu Xuefeng said that he was willing to point his weapon against such an existence showed how loyal he was to Bai Zemin.

If not for the fact that Bai Zemin met Lilith and his horizons were expanded, he might also think of the country's president as a supreme existence even in the midst of the apocalypse. Therefore, he naturally understood how valuable the words Fu Xuefeng had just said were.

"I hope I can fight alongside you for a long time." Bai Zemin replied with a faint smile on his face.

"Yes!" Fu Xuefeng nodded earnestly.

Fu Shuren was incredibly surprised to see her younger brother's expression and her surprise turned to disbelief when she heard his words.

Was this really her younger brother? That child who always locked himself inside his own world and lived in a cloud of darkness without being able to come out of the shadows? Was this that young man who was often bullied for being too weak?

No matter how she looked at him, the Fu Xuefeng in front of her was like a sharp and lethal dagger waiting for the exact moment to strike the fatal blow and slit the enemy's throat.

In about 1 month and 1 week, Fu Xuefeng's change was so great that Fu Shuren felt her heart hurt. Although she was smart and knew that the current Fu Xuefeng's personality was more suited to survive in this world without rules, it was painful for her to imagine how many things had to happen for a person to change so much in such a short time.

On the other hand, a person had a weird expression on its face when it heard the words Fu Xuefeng said in his speech on his oath and looked at him with a hint of surprise.

"By the way, Xuefeng." Bai Zemin changed the topic and asked curiously, "What about you? According to Kang Lan you are already level 25. What about your job? Do you need my help with that?"

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3