Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A single Firmament Fragment already possessed so much power, making its holder an existence far above those at their level and even granting them the power to fight against existences beyond them as if it were a piece of cake.

So how powerful could an existence that controlled not one, but two Firmament Fragments be? Bai Zemin did not know. But he did know that if Lilith truly owned a second Firmament Fragment other than Skadi's Will, then she should undoubtedly be one of the most terrifying beings in the entire universe.

Bai Zemin's doubts became clear in the next instant.

When Lilith heard the question he asked her she was stunned for a moment as she could not understand how he came to that conclusion. However, she soon realized her mistake, a small slip that as long as one paid enough attention one could easily notice, and anyone with a certain level of intelligence would understand what those words implied.

When she said, "my first Firmament Fragment" basically revealed that there was, at the very least, a second one.

Realizing her misstep, Lilith couldn't help but smile bitterly in secret and scolded herself and her slack mouth. Despite this, she looked Bai Zemin in the eyes and shook her head as she said in between a sigh, "I'm sorry, but I can't show you that fragment just like I showed you Skadi's Will."

.

She couldn't do that as it would give her problems in the future. In fact, everything would become much more complicated for everyone. Therefore, she could only apologize even if Bai Zemin was upset.

However, Bai Zemin naturally did not get angry at all. Even if Lilith did not answer any of his questions he would not get angry at all although he could become more cautious and careful against her once again. Everyone had their own secrets or things they didn't want to come out, and even he himself was no different in that case.

Besides, Lilith had not only just admitted that she did indeed have more than one Firmament Fragment but she had also tactfully revealed to him that the total number was two.

"Oh, it's not like I want to see it. Don't worry about that." Bai Zemin waved his hand casually before sighing and looking up at the starry sky, " But still... You really are amazing. Less than 100 years old but you're already a Sixth Order Higher Existence and holder of two Firmament Fragments."

"Even if you praise me I won't give you anything." Lilith joked before looking at him with a smile and saying, "By the way, don't you want to know why I said that two of the requirements to obtain a Firmament Fragment have already been completed by you even without seeking it?"

"... Now that you mention it, it's true. I almost forgot that part. What is this all about?" Bai Zemin nodded with a bit of anticipation in him and waited patiently. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Actually, to obtain a Firmament Fragment you also need this one's approval or else you won't be able to receive it even if you overcome all the challenges set," Lilith explained calmly. "This is also one of the reasons why many Higher Existences do not dare to go deep into the spatial rifts that will bring them to unknown places and where they will have to face unknown dangers."

When Bai Zemin heard Lilith's words he almost fainted.

Imagine facing countless dangers, fighting on the brink of death countless times, and bleeding oceans all for the sake of obtaining a Firmament Fragment only to be rejected at the end... Just thinking about this provoked the corner of his mouth to twitch uncontrollably.

Probably only those who were especially thirsty for power or who really had no other choice would venture into those spatial rifts formed by the remnant power left behind in the form of star constellations. Bai Zemin believed that no one who lived a good and carefree life would really want to throw away their life pointlessly.

Regardless of his thoughts, Lilith's next words encouraged and surprised him, "But in your case, you don't need to worry too much about the matter of being recognized by a Firmament Fragment since apparently, one has identified you several years ago."

Bai Zemin's eyes slowly widened and his pupils twitched as a thought completely flooded him, "You mean...?"

"Yep. Sirius Heavenly Wolf." Lilith nodded and looked at him with a genuinely happy smile. "The constellation of Sirius Heavenly Wolf is much farther away than you think. However, even from a distance that humanity probably could never have reached considering the extremely slow speed of technological advancement, Sirius still sensed you and tried to call out to you despite the difficulties."

Bai Zemin was stunned and speechless. After a long time of silence, he couldn't help but let a bitter smile appear on his face and shook his head as he said, "That Firmament Fragment containing Sirius' Will is crazy? Why is it trying to communicate with a 6-year-old?"

Forget about whether a 6-year-old child managed to respond to that "call" or not, most likely all children would be scared to death just like little Bai Zemin at that time.

But more importantly, even if the Bai Zemin of that time understood what was happening, he was only 6 years old! At that time there was no Soul Record on Earth and the world's mana was fast asleep!

How was a normal 6-year-old child without any power supposed to reach a constellation that was located who knows where? It was simply impossible!

Lilith also frowned and said in a somewhat perplexed voice: "That's something I can't understand as well. To be honest with you, even if I'm young and definitely don't know everything, if such a strange thing like what happened to you had happened even once in the past it would have already spread everywhere and it would be impossible for me not to know about it."

She looked at him and said with certitude, "Simply put, this is the first time such a thing has ever happened. For a Firmament Fragment to search far and wide across the universe, and even searching among worlds and galaxies to which the Soul Record had not yet spread its influence... Sirius Heavenly Wolf seems to be in a hurry to bond with you."

Bai Zemin smiled bitterly again and sighed, "Well, that's a pity. As much as I'd like to rush off to find it right now, things aren't always the way you want them to be... Unless I'm a Fifth Order Higher Existence I don't think I'll manage to get to such a distant place, let alone have the power to complete a trial capable of killing Seventh Order beings."

"Not necessarily so." Lilith shook her head. "Apparently you misunderstood something or maybe I misspoke... Be that as it may, the point is that not only Higher Existences can obtain Firmament Fragments. There have already been two beings in the past who obtained one when they were still Fourth Order Lower Existences despite the risks."

"What?" Bai Zemin was greatly surprised. "Even though even Seventh Order beings have died, two Fourth Order beings managed to obtain fragments?"

Lilith sighed and her eyes became somewhat evasive as she said in a low voice, "One of those beings is me... Although this whole thing is too complex for you to understand. We can only talk about this when you are strong enough."

Bai Zemin frowned deeply when he heard this and plunged into his own thoughts.

If he already thought Lilith was already a powerful and mysterious existence, then all that dark veil that surrounded her and practically didn't let others see through her had now become darker and deeper than it already was.

"Just when I thought I knew you a little better, it actually turned out that everything became more complex." Bai Zemin forced a smile and sighed.

"Doesn't that mean you know me better?" Lilith looked into his eyes with a gentle smile on her beautiful face and pointed, "Do you remember who I am? Lilith, a Sixth Order Higher Existence currently affiliated with The Demonic Army, one of the most powerful and well-known Higher Factions in the universe... Isn't it natural that everything gets more and more complicated when you discover something new about me? Or maybe you're just scared?"

Just as in school, as one advanced through the grades, the difficulty and variety of topics one had to strive to learn increased exponentially. When one came into contact with something beyond one's current capacity, it was natural to feel somewhat apprehensive about it and even a bit tired mentally and physically.

Bai Zemin only remembered this when Lilith pointed this out. His spirits immediately lifted and a confident smile unconsciously appeared on his face: "Scared? I am the first existence in the universe to evolve a skill on the first day the Soul Record visited a world, I defeated a First Order level 30 defensive type evolved beast while I was only a level 15 Unclassified existence, I am probably also the only one who has killed with a single attack a beast that was on the verge of evolving into Second Order while being only a level 25 Unclassified existence... It's only been a little over a month but I've already accomplished so many amazing feats. What is there to be scared of? When I reach your level I'll probably be powerful enough to kick everyone's ass!"

True. My journey has just begun but I have already achieved so much... I will accomplish so much more and become powerful enough that nothing will ever take me unawares again! Bai Zemin's soul burned fiercely and his spirit lifted to an all-time high.

He definitely didn't want what happened when the Soul Record practically ruined his day-to-day life to happen again.

He definitely did not want his loved ones, whose fate was unknown even now, to face any kind of danger again.

Therefore, he would become strong. Strong enough so that no one would tell him what was right or what was wrong. Strong so that his life would always be firmly gripped by his own hands and not by the whim of others.

"Hehe... That's the confidence you should have." Lilith nodded with a satisfied smile. "You don't know it yet, but you're much more awesome than you think. It's just that it's still too early for you to realize that. Little by little, you'll come to understand many things and you'll see that everything that seemed difficult or crazy to you before, really isn't so much. Look, even one of the strongest Firmament Fragments seems anxious to meet you quickly."

"One of the strongest? Sirius is?" Bai Zemin's ears perked up immediately.

"The fragment containing part of the will of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius is without a doubt one of the most powerful in the entire starry firmament." Lilith nodded with a serious and even slightly respectful expression, "The constellation of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius is not only the brightest from Earth, but is even visible from the darkest corners of the universe. Although it is not necessarily the strongest as I wouldn't know for sure, there is no doubt that its power must be at least several times higher than that of my Skadi's Will."

Bai Zemin's poor heart almost pounded out of his chest. Every word Lilith said only raised his expectations higher and higher, but unfortunately, it also increased his impatience to obtain his own Firmament Fragment even more.

Although Bai Zemin had only seen one Firmament Fragment so far and it would probably be the only one he would see for quite some time, the fragment containing the will of the Ice Goddess Skadi was already so terrifying... So how strong would the Firmament Fragment containing the will of the Heavenly Wolf Sirius be?

Even if it wasn't several times stronger as Lilith said, even if it was only a little stronger, Bai Zemin could already jump several times on one foot and shout his joy to the heavens... Damn it, forget about stronger, just the equivalent of Lilith's fragment would make him so happy that he wouldn't be able to sleep for several nights!

"However, you should probably hurry up." Lilith frowned tightly and put on a worried expression that was rarely seen on her face. " Sirius Heavenly Wolf's fragment undoubtedly had to expend a massive amount of power to reach a world outside of the Soul Record's influence as the Earth was back then. If you don't hurry it's probable that the will left behind by Sirius will vanish forever."

"That's... That's bad..." Bai Zemin also frowned tightly.

Although the Firmament Fragment containing Sirius' Will was not yet in his hands, he unconsciously already treated it as his property so naturally, he was not happy to hear this.

Moreover, since the Firmament Fragment that contained part of the will of Sirius Heavenly Wolf was searching for him so fervently, it was very likely that this fragment would be the most appropriate for him.

* * * * * * *

Thanks a lot to all those who use their Golden Tickets to vote for BW <3